  * on wages , the picture is mixed : most academic research find little or no effect on wages , some find some effect at the lowest end of the labour market , and iirc there was also a bit of research showing a small rise in wages for natives as native low-skill workers due to their command of the language would find themselves promoted to supervisory functions paying a little better . 
  * since immigration by and large leads to more economic growth , the answer is not to cut back on immigration , but to invest in the safety net and in public services . 
  both france and the uk over the last 7 years or so have seen major austerity programs carried out and these have hurt blue collar workers far more than any immigrant ever did . 
   someone give farage a hug you first . 
  ( thank the echr for banning inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment ), 
  i agree with you that the leak has turned out to have been unhelpful to say the least , although i think it is now clear that the difference in ideas between the uk and the eu on how brexit should proceed is so big that public clashes are as good as inevitable . 
  [ at any rate , they 're trying to lower the temperature now ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/may/04/european-commission-dismisses-theresa-may-claims-as-electioneering?cmp=share_btn_tw ) . 
  i also share your view of juncker ( though the leaker could have been his cabinet chief selmayr instead , but the fact that he 's so influential is also juncker 's fault ) . 
  as for the rest , i disagree very strongly with your analysis  . 
  first off , it is indeed not clear that the eu has a legal claim to the money it is demanding from the uk . 
  however , it is by no means certain legally that the uk is not bound to pay anything ; it did after all approve the eu 's multi-annual financial framework and you might argue that constitutes a binding promise . 
  i 'm certainly not a laywer but from what i 've read , the outcome of any court case would be uncertain ( [ here 's a laywer arguing that the uk is liable ] ( https://www.ejiltalk.org/the-brexit-bill-and-the-law-of-treaties/ ) ) . 
  i have no real opinion on what kind of sum would be fair for the brexit settling of accounts . 
  britain however has had no problems paying its membership dues in the past , so if the eventual sum to be paid is not significantly different than what would have been paid in the event of bremain , then i do n't buy the idea that the uk government is raising taxes to cover the brexit settlement . 
  more likely taxes are being raised because uk economic growth is slower than had been the expectation before brexit happened , thus leading to a shortfall in government finances . 
  i also do n't agree with the idea that the uk government was ready to deal on citizens ' rights . 
  at least , not to the eu 's satisfaction . 
  for one thing , the home office 's behaviour towards applying for permanent residence permits has not been generous or even flexible . 
  for another , now that the eu is prepared to deal , from london [ there are only crickets ] ( http://ukandeu.ac.uk/calling-our-bluff-time-for-the-uk-to-honour-its-promises-to-eu-27-and-uk-citizens/ ) . 
  citizens rights are entirely too complicated to deal with in a few weeks , particularly since making them reciprocal might mean having to write a new european directive or regulation to protect the brits in the eu . 
  then we come to the part of ` no deal ' . 
  i do n't see why no deal would mean the continent being cut off from london ; there are not going to be any capital controls imposed , are there ? 
  the eu could decide to allow passporting to london banks for as long as takes them to transfer to the eu . 
  it will hurt but it 's not going to cause a eurozone crisis . 
  we have banks on the continent too . 
  no deal means tariffs , but the incidence of those tariffs is always on the consumer . 
  so the eu will export a bit less to the uk , and the uk consumer will see more inflation . 
  in the meantime , shut out from the single market , goods exports from the uk get slowed down at customs . 
  seeing as goods are now produced in supply chains and for every good that is exported , inputs need to be imported , the lower value of the pound turns out to make less difference than expected . 
  services exports from the uk ( in which sector it actually has a surplus ) grind to a halt since they 're not very well protected by the wto rules and so are subject to major non-tariff barriers . 
  companies stop investing in the uk , since it may have lower taxes but is very inconveniently located for selling into any other market than the eu . 
  also , its part of the labour force with no university education is actually rather poorly trained and not very productive . 
  ca n't find it now but there have been estimates that a hard brexit without a deal could cost the uk up to 10 % of gdp . 
  since even a $ 100bn settlement is 5 % of gdp , but spread over several years * , it would be criminally irresponsible to take that risk . 
  this is also why the legalities around the payment do n't really matter , because the cost distribution of ` no deal ' is asymmetric . 
  economically , the eu is far more important to the uk than the other way around . 
  the eu 's gdp is 4-5 times bigger than that of the uk , so the costs of no deal can be borne more easily . 
  finally , brussels does indeed want may to win the election . 
  this is not really because she was a remainer ; ultimately she can be expected to try and act in the best interests of the uk and so her prior convictions do n't really matter . 
  it 's rather the case that having a weaker domestic political position makes you * stronger * in international negotiations , since you can always claim that the deal that the other side wants will never be accepted at home and sso you can push for concessions . 
  if you have run a campaign based on your personal appeal though and you gain a massive mandate , then the eu side can safely assume that you will be able to force any deal through the throat of your domestic parliament . 
  i still feel that the eu should be as generous as possible towards the uk , but may would be a lot better off if she herself took a bit more conciliatory tone . 
  * edited this due to major math malfunction, 
  yes , the piece got spread around on twitter by the economist 's german correspondent . 
  but really , if the leakers at the commission wanted to be sure of reaching the english public , would n't there be a far more surefire way of achieving that ? 
  i have no doubt that the guardian or the independent would have loved to print this . 
  really ? 
  as fas i can tell she has a 20-point lead over labour , which is not opposing her on brexit anyway , the libdems are not much of a factor , and there 's no large-scale social movement fighting against brexit . 
  the $ 100bln story is not actually an eu ask though ; the number comes from an ft story which added up the likely costs of all the member states ' wishes for the negotiation , and did not subtract all the money that would be sent to britain in return . 
  but there 's no certainty that the eu negotiators will actually ask for all of that , and the ft 's full story makes clear that the net figure would be more likely in the neighbourhood of 60-75 billion . 
   what purpose does it serve ? 
  to undermine and humiliate her ? 
  there are more interested parties in the brexit negotiations with an interest in how things are going than just the british public or theresa may . 
  occam 's razor suggests that whoever leaked this story to a german newspaper most likely tried to influence opinions in germany . 
  you have to consider the possibility that may was not actually the intended audience for the leak . 
  because why else would juncker leak the story to a german newspaper , which printed an article only in german ? 
  it does if you 're arguing that `` brexit means brexit '' though . 
  and as far as i can tell , the british government genuinely seems to believe that they should n't be under the cjeu jurisdiction for the purposes of the article 50 negotiations . 
  anyway , even an expedited procedure at the cjeu could take 4-6 months , and no-one has that amount of time when the two-year clock is already running . 
  that trick only works for so long ; people ca n't vote against the eu anymore after brexit , but they can vote against whoever is in power if things are n't working out for them . 
  so , who 's going to file the case on the interpretation of article 50 so the cjeu can rule on it ? 
  the british government wants to get out from being under the cjeu 's jurisdiction , it seems exceedingly unlikely to me that they 'd request a preliminary ruling from them . 
  the problem is that while transition is possible , it 's also costly , and not every firm will be financially strong enough to survive it . 
  also , there is no way that britain will continue to export any dairy worth mentioning at all to the rest of the eu if faced with a 30 % tariff . 
  so yes , maybe saying the industry will be murdered is a bit hyperbolic but the industry is likely to shrink by a major amount and that will have sizable economic costs and social consequences . 
  also , you try being theresa may and explain to that bunch of farmers that they 're going to get cut loose for being an economic burden . 
  no deal would be exceptionally bad for british industry . 
  for instance , no deal [ would murder the entire british agricultural industry ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/may/03/uk-food-sector-faces-enormous-challenges-post-brexit-say-peers ) . 
  the costs of no deal are going to dwarf those of any eventual settlement . 
   you ca n't just randomly slap tarrifs anymore if you 're apart of the wto the wto rules actually require tariffs to be set : in the absence of a trade agreement , the uk ca n't get a better treatment than any other eu trade partner . 
  so trading on wto rules means [ a 10 % tarifff on cars produced in the uk and 2.3 % on most non-agricultural products ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-leaving-eu-trade/ ) , and it means goods can be held up for customs checks . 
  additionally , it means companies in the services sector are going to find it very difficult to do business because wto rules do n't really cover those . 
  finally , given that trade flows between trading blocks tend to end up proportional to gdp and inversely proportional to distance , there 's really no substitute for the eu as a trading partner for the uk ( also india does n't want to trade with the uk unless it can secure easier visas , so good luck with that , and you really do n't want to be forced to negotiate trade agreements with the us from a position of weakness ) . 
  hungary 's electoral system is rigged , its courts have been stacked , its media has mostly been brought to heel . 
  [ here 's a good story on its most recent election ] ( https://www.thenation.com/article/hungary-and-end-politics/ ) . 
  i read it in german but thanks for your work anyway !, 
  that 's a fair point , although the issue of citizens rights is now among the priorities in the [ eu 's brexit negotiation guidelines ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2017/04/29-euco-brexit-guidelines/ ) . 
  the complication though is that migration law is a shared competence between the eu and the member states . 
  every member state has different laws on residence requirements for third country nationals . 
  so outside of the context of the brexit negotiations it is not clear that juncker or tusk have the power to make commitments on migration policy , because all the member states would have to go along with it and change their own laws . 
  also , citizens ' rights are a lot more complicated than they seem and the eu also wants a deal on migrants ' rights to access to [ health care and social security , cross-national pensions and family reunification among others ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/uk-europe/news/brexit-sr-brexit-negotiators-face-extraordinarily-complex-talks-over-eu-rights/ ) . 
  it also wants to have these rights to be enforceable . 
  none of these things could have been settled by a simple guarantee . 
  and of course , since these guarantees would have had to be bilateral , this would have given some leverage to the uk over the smaller member states in the negotiations . 
  so i think the eu concluded quite cynically that it would be able to strike a better deal for its expat citizens by acting collectively . 
  no , the eu position is that fta negotiations can only start if there is ` sufficient progress ' in the brexit negotiations . 
  they are not separate , they are consecutive . 
  sufficient progress implies , from the eu 's point of view , among others that britain pays for the eu 's budget commitments it approved in the past and for a share of the pensions for the eu staff whose services it made use of during its 44 years of membership . 
  so this is absolutely consistent with what the eu has been saying all along . 
   there is a point where the cost of a deal is no longer worth paying . 
  there probably is , but i 'd say we 're not anywhere near it yet . 
  the deal was always going to be one-sided since the eu is simply more populous and economically powerful than the uk . 
  the uk complaining about it being one-sided would be like some fly weight boxer complain that they could n't beat a heavyweight in a match . 
  so may 's job would be to get a deal that 's as good as possible for the british people and sell it as a win , because she 's not actually going to get a win . 
  walking away would be painful to the extent of threatening the legal security , thewealth and the livelihoods of millions of people : everyone in the uk , all the eu citizens there , all people in the eu whose job depends on trade with britain . 
  to consider walking away simply because some feelings got hurt over a leak would be exceptionally stupid and irresponsible . 
  i think that juncker suspected for a long time that may was completely unaware of how complicated brexit was going to get ( which is why he brought the ceta documents ) and unaware of that the eu wanted and , proven right , decided to leak . 
  yes , the eu leaks a lot ; it 's what they did during the greece crisis too . 
  they leak strategically , like any competent politician would . 
  the real worry if you 're a brit is that your pm is n't prepared for it .
