  it 's clear from that statement though that the `` naturejobs editorial team '' is separate from * nature * itself . 
  * naturejobs * , by its own description , is `` a global career resource for scientists and the world 's largest dedicated science jobs board '' . 
  it 's very clearly not a peer-reviewed scientific magazine . 
  as such , it 's in fact rather misleading on your part to claim that this report was produced by * nature * ; in fact , it was produced by an independent journalist for a * nature * - branded spinoff and should therefore not be treated as if it had the authority of appearing in * nature * magazine . 
   actually what the scientists say ( and many people like me support ) is that the surest way to `` kill '' scientific research in catalonia is keep being part of spain . 
  it is possible for the cure to be worse than the disease . 
  spain may invest insufficiently in scientific research , but my argument is that an independent catalonia will have a thousand and one problems to solve before they can even begin to think about properly funding that . 
  and that 's even without looking at the fact that catalan universities and researchers will be shut out of international academic networks and eu funding . 
  yes , the eu is a community of laws , which in fact * prevents them * from giving a hypothetical catalonia any options to secede from spain , as required by , among others , article 4-2 of the treaty on european union :  the union shall respect the equality of member states before the treaties as well as their national identities , inherent in their fundamental structures , political and constitutional , inclusive of regional and local self-government . 
  it shall respect their essential state functions , ** including ensuring the territorial integrity of the state ** , maintaining law and order and safeguarding national security . 
  in particular , national security remains the sole responsibility of each member state . 
  catalans hypothetically choosing putin is their problem , not the eu 's . 
  also , while you 're talking as if the choice to become independent has already been made and is being supported by all catalans , in actual fact the parties supporting independence together won no more than 48 % of the vote in the last regional election . 
  additionally , it is quite possible that catalans would vote against independence by a larger majority if the full extent of the likely cost of independence became the subject of an honest discussion . 
  there are excellent reasons rooted in centuries of exceptionally bloody european history for the eu not to stimulate secessionism of any kind , and every time they did violate that principle the consequences have been disastrous . 
  when though a people would prefer to put their hopes on putin rather than on the community of laws that is the eu , they are the ones who are doing something wrong , namely behaving in an absolutely bugfuck crazy manner . 
   i mean ` illegally ' as long as you hold the spanish constitution to be valid . 
  i 'd argue that any constitution which forces a population to remain part of a country against their express wishes is , in itself , illegal . 
  both my opinion and yours on the legality of the spanish constitution ( approved in a democratic referendum in 1978 with , among other , 95 % of the voters in catalonia voting in favour ) are completely irrelevant for a prediction of how that question will be resolved by the european and international political and legal communities . 
  there is no political or judicial finding anywhere that there is enough wrong with spain 's constitution so as to consider it invalid . 
  as such , an independent catalonia is not going to be recognised by the eu as a member , nor will it win any arguments in any court . 
  the one point where i do agree with you is that the current russian governmentt would likely be delighted to help foment further instability and chaos in an eu member state , though i doubt russia has the resources to fund catalonia to anywhere near the extent it 's going to require . 
  i do hope that the people of catalonia are aware they will be putting themselves at the mercy of vladimir putin in such a case though . 
  with the amount of political , economic , and financial problems that are going to come from illegally seceding from spain and leaving the eu , like taking over the functions now carried out by the spanish state and the eu such as securing the banking system , it 's quite safe to assume that catalonia would not have the resources to properly fund r&d any time soon . 
  as close as i can figure out , the report he cites is an advertorial paid for by the catalan government , not something produced by * nature * itself . 
  also , the most interesting thing about it is that the report claims that catalonian research survived the crisis in large part by getting more funding from outside the country , notably from the eu . 
  and since in all likelihood catalan independence means it is no longer an eu member , the surest way to kill scientific research in catalonia is to declare independence . 
  correction : as / u/gerardpb2 points out , this report was not paid for by the catalan government . 
  however , it also was not produced by * nature * magazine , but independently for * naturejobs * , its jobs section . 
  also , it 's not 20 pages long , but 3 ; everything else in there is an advertisement . 
  i said halfway reliable . 
  the torygraph is hardly a liberal newspaper though ( in fact i included them mostly because it 's rather surprising when the telegraph and the guardian have similar opinions ) , and neither is the associated press a liberal press agency . 
  by a quick count , there references to between 15-20 different sources/news outlets in / u/logiman43 's post , among which a number of generally respected to halfway reliable ones such as the associated press , ft , politico , the guardian and the telegraph . 
  i think that 's a pretty decent selection as far as diversification goes . 
  this is a terrifically informative post , thanks !, 
   even the article admits that such a recession is incredibly unlikely and would require a severe contraction of at least 1.1 % in a single quarter and then continuing to shrink . 
  no , that 's just the example they are giving . 
  a technical recession occurs when gdp growth is negative for two consecutive quarters so if you have two quarters of -0.1 % growth , that 's a recession . 
  having two nonconsecutive quarters of negative growth interspersed with a quarter of growth , even if it 's only +0.1 % , is not technically a recession . 
  i think the clarity of ` go whistle ' and the credibility of the intent behind it was undercut a bit by virtue of that phrase having been uttered by boris johnson . 
  the english fleet joined the french in the war though , and the dutch navy had to do battle against the joint enemy fleet multiple times in 1673 : twice at the schooneveld and finally at kijkduin , all dutch victories since these battles prevented an english/french naval invasion and also showing england that there was nothing to be won by letting france under the sun king conquer the dutch republic . 
  i do wonder however why the poster makers did not simply choose the start of the first anglo-dutch war as a starting date of english perfidy  . 
   not at all . 
  my thesis was on the ottoman empire and its relations with europe . 
  `` europe '' is a concept , which can be understood in multiple ways ( geographical , political , cultural , economical , historical , etc. 
  ) , with multiple attached understandings of where the borders of `` europe '' lie exactly , which understandings have moreover been changing over time . 
  your post is conflating historical , geographical , and cultural notions on europe . 
  i hope your thesis contained a more rigourous operationalisation of the concept of europe , and preferably one not based solely on atlases or encyclopedias . 
  it 's an old rhetorical trick to present your opinion as being more respectable or valid because even your ideological opponents agree with you on it ( in the us , republicans would say `` even the liberal new republic '' agreed with them on this or that ) not to imply that that was / u/dvtxc 's intention , but in case that was so understood i wanted to point out that karskens ' opinions in no way belong to the dutch centre-left as it is currently understood . 
  you can argue about what the centre-left should look like and what opinions it should hold , but broadly speaking , you wo n't find many people nodding along to karskens ' opinion on refugees or agreeing that , for instance , noted pvda - member frans timmermans should be sued over the eu 's refugee policy among the dutch centre-left ( which i would say covers the spectrum from the left side of d66 to the green left ) . 
  as such , i was not really interested in debating karskens ' opinions on pegida , but rather pointing out that he 's really not a leftist . 
  anyway , the irony to your reply to my is that i agree to an extent that we should figure out why people support pegida and not just demonise ( unfortunately though , my locally famous pegida leader is really a neonazi , so he does n't get to complain about being demonised as far as i 'm concerned ) . 
  along the same lines though , we should not just demonise islam and muslims and force them into a bubble , because that 's where radicalisation happens . 
  but that 's precisely what geert wilders-style dumb talk about ` islamofascism ' will cause to happen . 
  no we do n't . 
  however , if you want to combat isis and the like , it is necessary to understand them . 
  the people who talk about ` islamofascism ' are , in my experience , not at all interested in understanding or debate . 
  yes . 
  we know what fascism is , lots of books have been written about it , and we also have a lot of knowledge about the various strains of radical islam . 
  they have very little in common with each other and trying to link them together is just a way to kill off the possibility of critical thought and say ` islam bad ' . 
  i do n't call de volkskrant centre-left anymore because , at least when i still had a subscription , they would publish a lot more rightwing opinion than leftwing , from regular columnists like the execrable derkjan eppink to their choice of translated ny times columnists ( never krugman or blow , always brooks or douthat ) . 
  or stuff like this karskens piece of course , which is squarely in line with the current strain of rightwing populist thinking . 
  de volkskrant has n't been center-left for ages now , and arnold karskens certainly is n't . 
  [ here he is for instance ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/opinie/arnold-karskens-de-angst-van-anti-islambeweging-pegida-is-terecht~a3823981/ ) claiming that ` islamofascism ' is real , that the ` concerns ' of the supporters of pegida in germany should be taken more seriously , and also that he 's hearing in brussels that the collapse of the euro is imminent ( this was in january 2015 ) . 
  how is that relevant to my point , if it 's even true or indicative of anything ? 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it , sad to say . 
  so , they chose to join the eu , but it 's fine if they ignore any part of it they do n't like , such as the eu council decision to spread the refugee load over the member states ? 
  so , how many people from mena ended up in the czech republic then ? 
  when it decided to become an eu member , the czech republic signed on the european treaties guaranteeing free movement of workers , which are backed up by a series of of other rights such as the protection of family life . 
  the czech republic is also a signatory to a number of other human rights treaties which may grant people the right to claim asylum if they arrive there . 
  so the country has already chosen to limit its ability to say who it lets in or not . 
  if they do n't like the results , they can choose to czech out of the eu . 
  good luck convincing anyone there that 's a good idea though . 
  the dutch and belgians too . 
  as per the negotiation guidelines approved by the council , no discussions on a post-brexit trade deal can even start until the council has determined that ` sufficient progress ' has been made on the exit deal . 
  that exit deal includes the ` divorce settlement ' . 
  so unless britain pays up , it may end up with the hardest of brexits . 
  that should be reason enough to cough up some dough . 
  dsparage the commission all you want , but it 's the eu27 who want the money just as much as the commission ( and probably more , since otherwise they 'll have to explain to their own taxpayers that britain leaving will leave them billions more out of pocket ) . 
  no , it 's actually pretty nice . 
  in which case , i misunderstood ; my apologies . 
  it would however be very awkward to have a member participate in determining the financial commitments it would not be a part of . 
  also , i doubt that the uk could decide to simply not hold elections for the european parliament ( to be sure , the cost of holding pointless ep elections would only be in the tens of millions , which is sort of pocket change compared with the rest of the brexit disaster ) . 
  i do n't know if the british meps get to vote on the final brexit deal , but if they could it would be very inconvenient not to have any meps seated . 
  there are reasons why an extension would be very difficult even if the eu were willing : the next elections for the european parliament and the negotiations for the new eu budget ( multi-annual financial framework ) that has to be in place from 2020 onward . 
  these both require uk participation or absence , not something in between . 
  article 50 is a part of the eu treaties , which specify that the ecj is the sole arbiter of what the treaties mean . 
  when there is a question of how the eu treaties need to be interpreted , courts in the member states are * required * to send their case to the ecj for a preliminary ruling on the meaning of eu law . 
  in the uk supreme court case , they managed to come to a ruling without having to base their argument on the interpretation of a50 , because the dispute was essentially domestic ( whether or not parliament needed to give its approval for the a50 notification ) . 
   the uk supreme court , for example , ruled that article 50 can not be withdrawn . 
  the uk supreme court has no authority to determine the proper interpretation of a50 , that power rests solely with the ecj . 
  iirc the uk supreme court proceeded as if a50 was irrevocable since both parties in that case agreed to act as if it was . 
  also , as far as i am aware , courts frequently interpret legal texts in the context of which they were written to determine how to interpret them , so lord kerr 's opinion is certainly relevant , if however not conclusive . 
  i do however agree with you that we basically do n't know whether a50 is revocable from a legal point of view . 
  if you think that was deliberate , i have this bridge to sell you . 
  not necessarily . 
  there 's always a case to be made for an eu-india trade agreement , it just so happens that at the current moment the eu is busy losing a member state and that affects what kind of deal can be made ( because the eu 's overall market will be smaller , the potential gain from any specific deal for india will be smaller post-brexit than before ) . 
  so the negotiations will always have to make an allowance for the consequences of brexit and whether or not , or to what extent , the uk will still be part of/have access to the single market , and existing eu trade agreements . 
  also , trade negotiations take forever to conclude , so even if the eu and india started negotiating now , a deal would likely not be ready before 2020 at the earliest , i.e. 
  post-brexit .
