  i 'm familiar with the rules , thank you . 
  the thing is that , having read the summary of the ruling , the only question on european law that is involved is whether or not article 50 notification is revocable . 
  however , the position of both the uk government and the claimants is that the notification is irrevocable , so this is not a question that the uk supreme court would have to decide . 
  that ca n't be right , the cjeu only deals with the interpretation of european law . 
  the questions at stake in this case are entirely a matter of uk constitutional law . 
  it 's really your reaction that is anti-democratic . 
  this report ( [ available here in full ( . pdf ) ] ( http://ukandeu.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/brexit-and-beyond-how-the-uk-might-leave-the-eu.pdf ) ) does nothing other than point out what obstacles need to be conquered to accomplish brexit and what problems can arise from that . 
  the conclusion that `` we should submit to being ruled by unaccountable bureaucrats instead '' is entirely yours . 
  basically you do n't want to hear about any problems that might arise , you just want dissenters to shut up . 
  and democracy can function only when opposing and conflicting opinions are heard . 
  thanks for the laugh !, 
  the problem is that the former really is n't a realistic option , since it implies accepting all eu laws and probably paying into the budget too without actually having any influence . 
  the eu would certainly accept this but the british public probably would n't . 
  lol at the author portraying the epp as some sort of nefarious thing when it 's essentially just the christian-democratic faction in the european parliament . 
  no-one gets their power simply from belonging to the epp , they get their power from having won elections ( such as juncker , who was the * spitzenkandidat * for the epp in the last european elections ) or being the head of state . 
  also the thing abour the negotiations being held in french is far from certain still ( barnier has denied saying anything about it ) . 
  and tusk wo n't really have a large input in the negotiations because ultimately he works for the member states , who have the final word . 
  the conclusion to the piece is n't necessarily wrong but i 'd expect some better arguments . 
   just because it 's a binary choice , does n't mean that people that vote do n't weigh the complexity of the issue . 
  people may have complex opinions but they still get only two options with which to express them . 
  and there 's never a question which asks : * and then what ? 
  * you see that in the case of brexit , where it turns out ( as was known by people who did study the issue in detail ) there are gigantic political , economic , legal , and social ramifications to the outcome . 
  but the voters are now completely unable to offer guidance on how those should be navigated . 
  similarly , rutte has tried to get the ukraine treaty amended . 
  but if it turns out that he ca n't , would it really be the wish of the voters to destroy our diplomatic credibility as a negotiation partner by shooting it down entirely ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
   this is the first signal that the chamber does take the result seriously and that is heartening . 
  i feel that the chamber could take the result seriously by studying and debating it , then explain clearly why they nevertheless disagree with the voters , and then accept the consequences at the elections next year . 
  this is the netherlands we 're talking about , probably in the top-10 or so of best-educated populations in the world , and a free and pluralistic press . 
  but people bought into the bullshit anyway . 
  the idea that the normal system of representative democracy is somehow less democratic than a referendum can not die soon enough imho . 
  referenda tend to break down complicated issues into binary choices and as such reduce the options available to the electorate . 
  as a dutchman , i totally agree . 
  fuck referendums . 
  the map uses the current borders to assign people nationalities based on their place of birth . 
  immanuel kant was born in the prussian city of k\u00f6nigsberg , which was conquered by russia at the end of wwii and is now known as russian city of kaliningrad . 
  homer was ( allegedly ) born on the ionian ( modern-day turkish ) side of the aegean sea , so the turks get him . 
  there are some perfectly good searching tools available if you want to find out about everyone else . 
  i think we 're talking past each other here - my comments are strictly related to the court case that will decide whether or not may needs the consent of the british parliament to invoke article 50 . 
  from a political point of view , i think the idea of article 50 notification being reversible is a complete nonstarter - this would let any member state throw the eu into chaos at any time for any reason . 
  however , the eu is a community of law so it certainly matters what the law says and what its meaning is . 
  the important thing for the uk is that if notification is irreversible , that means british citizens inevitably will lose their rights granted by the treaties , and for this the consent of parliament could be argued to be required . 
  if it 's not , however , then parliament would probably only have to the eventual deal and i 'm not even sure about that . 
  i do n't think the ecj gets to rule on what the proper constitutional procedure in the uk is . 
  however , if i understand correctly a lot depends in this case on whether or not article 50 notification is reversible , and that certainly is a matter for the ecj to decide . 
  reads to me like they 're looking for a way to pay the eu without formally paying into the eu budget , just so nutso leavers ca n't demagogue the issue . 
  i do n't disagree with the sentiment , but has n't southern italy been economically far behind the north since pretty much the founding of italy ? 
  clearly something is going wrong there even in the absence of austerity , and the last 50 or so italian governments have n't been able to fix it . 
  actually , it was n't accurate at all . 
  despite its name , the ` rebate ' was subtracted from the british contribution before they actually paid anything ( i.e. 
  brussels calculated the british contribution , subtracted the rebate , and then sent the bill to london ) . 
  so the rebate money never actually left the coffers of the treasury . 
  no , i was sarcastically implying that the leave camp were liars . 
   average annual net british contribution to the eu between 2010-14 was # 7.1 bn this is so weird : that works out to 137 million per week . 
  i seem to remember a different figure being thrown around during the referendum campaign ... 
  that may have been true 20 years ago , it certainly no longer is the case now . 
  might be nurture over nature . 
  no snowden would even be necessary - organizing a euro exit would require the involvement of thousands of people , and good luck trying to keep that many silent . 
  have you even read the report yourself ? 
  you 'll have to forgive me if i interpret a report linked as `` the finnish `` how to leave the euro '' guide '' , written by a bunch of finns , which repeatedly references the example of finland , as a report about the possibility of finland leaving the euro . 
  besides , since the group of eurozone members is limited , and each member state has a different political , economic , and institutional context , imho it 's a very bad idea to even try to generalize your conclusions about this . 
  i 've browsed through [ the original report ( . pdf ) ] ( http://en.eurothinktank.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/how-to-leave-10_16.pdf ) . 
  it contains no numbers , no estimates for how long leaving would take , blithely waves away all practical difficulties : legal , political ( both domestic and foreign ) , economic , it , democratic , you name it . 
  it does n't offer any specifics whatsoever . 
  it makes embarrassingly stupid comparisons ( ireland 1970 for one , and it even claims greece 's bank shutdown last year ended up just fine ) . 
  it makes as many wildly optimistic assumptions about how other actors ( the eu , for instance ) would react to a surprise euro exit as brexiteers did about britain 's eu exit . 
  these people make me embarrassed that i share an economics degree with them . 
  in fact the economy may not even shrink next year ( you will however be poorer as a result of the falling pound ) . 
  what these estimates are talking about is the gdp loss in comparison to what would happen without britain leaving the single market . 
  so you may not even be looking at becoming poorer overall , but just at becoming less rich than you would otherwise be . 
  but the indirect effects of brexit will become apparent only slowly . 
  actually , the prediction is that the gdp loss is indeed * annual * , i.e. 
  every single year , gdp will be in a range from 5.4 to 9.5 % lower than it would otherwise have been in the case of continuing access to the single market . 
  off the top of my head , that 's anywhere from 110 to 220 billion pounds in income loss . 
  the reason why the damage gradually builds up is that the losses from lower investment and lower labour productivity will take time to become apparent . 
  it really would be a major disaster . 
  the uk government could potentially do anything during or after brexit , but i prefer to stick to what we know about trading rules and barriers ( you might find [ this discussion ] ( http://www.eureferendum.com/blogview.aspx?blogno=85534 ) on non-tariff barriers interesting in that regard ) . 
  as such , never mind what liam fox has to say about things , i suspect that how may chooses to govern is the best possible prediction we have for what goals the uk government will have on brexit , and am going to have to leave it at that . 
  it would also be insane - not every country in the world is equally interested in the safety of its products and services or equally diligent in maintaining fair labour standards , let alone willing to prevent dumping . 
  so that 's not going to happen . 
  if you 've been listening to what may was saying this week , you 'd realize that the actually existing uk government would not adopt such a policy . 
  i assume you mean `` is n't putting up any trade barriers '' ? 
  that 's quite wrong - a britain that remained part of the eu would have objectively fewer trade barriers in place than a brexited britain will have . 
  it may be britain 's intention to sign an fta with the eu , and to maintain the customs union , and to replace all the ftas that it is a part of by virtue of being an eu member , but until all of that is done , it will have to trade by wto rules , and even its wto membership will have to be renegotiated again . 
  so : more barriers ( also , i would be absolutely gobsmacked if the uk government managed to sign new ftas without being forced by interest groups and lobbying to protect domestic industries in some way ) . 
   we decided to go forward as a britain with global horizons , a britain which is more internationalist , free trading , and i really look forward to an exciting future now said this student , as his country decided to withdraw from its biggest foreign entanglement , prepared to see trade barriers go back up , and planned to close its borders to immigration . 
  i do n't know whether people like this kid or the lexitters were more delusional . 
  gdp data for ireland is hopelessly distorted by its status as a tax paradise , and even gnp data is screwy ( ireland 's gnp is supposed to have shot up [ by 18 % last year ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/ireland-gdp-growth-gnp-cso-2-2874558-jul2016/ ) , which just does n't happen in normal developed economies ) . 
  ireland is doing very well but its actual income growth by the fact that part of its gdp is income that is really earned offshore , for instance by companies who park their intellectual property rights in ireland , or aircraft leases which now run through ireland but have very little to do with it . 
  also , it turns out [ ireland is nowhere near the largest per capita recipient of eu funds anymore ] ( http://www.money-go-round.eu/ ) , it 's only barely still a net recipient of funds . 
  some people would interpret / u/whaapwhaap2 as saying ` even the left-wing tom-jan meeus ' says the netherlands is turning right ' , thus reinforcing his point . 
  plenty of others on this sub and elsewhere would interpret this as ` oh , he 's a left-winger so i do n't have to believe a word he says ' . 
  merely implying someone has a particular bias is n't really meaningful imho , since * everyone * is biased , and being biased does n't automatically equal being wrong . 
  your point being ? 
  what pressure exactly could they apply to it ? 
  the eu is a community of established law , there are no legal or economic avenues of exerting pressure except when member states need bailouts . 
  so what are they going to do , invade the place ? 
  i 'm still waiting for the day that brexiteers realize that the eu 's alleged inability to reach agreements is bad news for the uk , since the default outcome of the negotiation is trading by wto rules , which would be very bad for the uk . 
  of course the eu in actual fact is quite good at reaching trade agreements , except these are generally not recognized as such because they involve non-tariff measures ( [ explanation here ] ( http://www.eureferendum.com/blogview.aspx?blogno=85534 ) ) . 
  the rest of the eu had leverage over greece because greece would have gone bankrupt without the mou .
