  we recruited more active volunteers ( ~ 12,000 ) in 10 months than ukip in 25 years ( ~ 7,000 according to farage ) . 
  our gotv effort targeted crucial voters identified by traditional polling , a new type of experimental polling , the ground campaign , and the social media campaign , all overseen by the data science team . 
  but until the last 4-5 weeks we had a big problem getting those going on tv to give the same message . 
  the office could only do so much . 
  if boris , gove , and gisela had not supported us and picked up the baseball bat marked ` turkey/nhs / # 350 million ' with five weeks to go , then 650,000 votes might have been lost . 
  in the awful weekly campaign committee meetings , there were constant complaints and arguments for variations on ` go global ' ( until all the polls swung our way and people remembered ` i 've always said stick with 350 million ' . ), 
  the big three knocked this back despite great pressure . 
  and  this also shows how volatile the situation was right until the end and how few prominent eurosceptics even then understood that a ) the # 350 million / nhs argument was necessary to win and b ) their ` go global ' message was a total loser . 
  dominic cummings seems to think it was the most effective slogan vote leave had though , along with `` take back control '' , and he was in charge of it . 
  i think it 's not entirely clear to you that even if i were to accept your point for the sake of argument , choosing to leave the single market and choosing what comes afterwards are not at all the same thing . 
  really , the leave campaign instead revolved around 1 ) 350m pounds per week for the nhs , 2 ) taking back control and 3 ) scary refugees . 
  leavers happily talked about being like norway ( in the single market ) , and later , about having their cake and eating it . 
  the pre-brexit and post-brexit debates have almost nothing in common ( in particular because the money for the nhs never showed up , taking back control is an illusion in the interconnected world that we have and for britain , the refugee threat was never real ) . 
  how is that in any way a fitting analogy ? 
  nah , that can happen to the best of us . 
  it 's a brexit metaphor . 
   but i would agree that it 's chaotic but that 's mainly because they have a pm who supported remain leading the separation . 
  no , it 's because britain failed entirely to have an honest discussion on what would come after brexit , and so they are negotiating the exit without a clear idea of what they want to achieve . 
  also , the problem is n't that may was a remainer either ; she 's a politician so she has happily shifted along with the electorate . 
  it 's really that she 's not very competent . 
   like every other year ... 
  i do n't believe this one is like every other year . 
  a law has been passed to regulate the referendum ( and set aside all other relevant law , notably the spanish one ) . 
  another one is in the works that requires the govern to declare independence if that gets a simple majority of the vote . 
  since the people who do not support independence are not likely to vote in the referendum , it 's likely that independence will get a majority if a vote is actually held . 
  the referendum law has been passed without any actual discussion in the parlament , and has already led to [ several resignations in the government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_independence_referendum,_2017 ) . 
  ( some other criticisms of the referendum , based on principle , procedure , and legality [ here ] ( http://cronicaglobal.elespanol.com/politica/oposicion-rechaza-performance-referendum_76089_102.html ) , [ here ] ( https://politica.elpais.com/politica/2017/07/23/actualidad/1500819773_840654.html ) , and [ here ] ( https://elpais.com/ccaa/2017/07/04/catalunya/1499195254_771007.html ) ) . 
   i do n't think this is true . 
  this makes me sad :( . 
  [ here 's what i 'm talking about though . ] ( http://www.vozpopuli.com/espana/colon-jordi_bilbeny-cataluna-historia_0_834516579.html ) . 
  and the problem i have with this is that if people turn out to have no regard for truth in pursuit of their political goals , then their goals are usually suspect too . 
  the cure for excessive spanish nationalism is n't excessive catalan nationalism . 
   is there any country that does not do this ? 
  whataboutism is n't an excuse for me . 
  to be clear , i 'm not saying that the madrid government is in any way good or awesome , or that spain should not reform in some way . 
  but this independence proc\u00e9s as it is right now is a really bad idea . 
  as far as i understand your post , you 're basically saying that catalan independence wo n't make a difference because the independent catalan state wo n't actually be sovereign over anything , and so the rest of the world , and particularly the eu , will treat anything coming from catalonia as if it were still spanish . 
  that is indeed a likely outcome . 
  my point though is that the current catalan government does seem hellbent on holding a referendum on independence in october and has made preparations to declare independence if they gain a simple majority of the vote . 
  they have been using their extremely small majority in the catalan parlament to railroad the opposition in passing the referendum laws and close off all other options . 
  they really are , imo , that stupid and/or suicidal . 
  they really want a full-fledged independent state with control over its territory ( ideally even including the french rousillon , valencia and the baleares !, 
  ) , its own central bank , its own head of state , and presumably powers of lawmaking and taxation , since that 's the whole point of independence . 
  people in the independence movement have been working to prepare the ground for that the last few decades with pushing catalan in education , with nationalist mythmaking about supposedly catalan famous people from history , and the constant dissemination of propaganda about how awesome catalonia is ; some of which frequently seeps over into r/europe . 
  so i am choosing to take them at their word and treat their notion of an independent catalonia as if it could become real , and so this is the underlying assumption when i am pointing out how independence is not going to solve any of their problems . 
   i do n't even think a `` catalan declaration of independence '' means removal of spanish citizenship * , so how can it mean eu exit ? 
  in my understanding , a catalan declaration creates a new political entity , the republic of catalonia , which i dare confidently predict will not be a member of the eu . 
  this is after all the position of the european commission , and at any rate , the accession of new member states to the eu requires the approval of every single existing eu member state . 
  catalonia does not automatically accede to the eu at its creation , and so by definition everything under the legal control of that state loses the benefits of eu membership . 
  the separatists may have claimed that they wo n't take away * people 's * spanish citizenships , so people wil be able to continue to benefit from free movement based on being spanish . 
  * businesses * , on the other hand , will be subject to catalan laws , regulation , and supervision , and they will benefit from whatever international organizations and treaty agreements catalonia is able to sign on to . 
  and its creation , that will be nothing whatsoever . 
  catalonia may want to stay in the eu , but as the european commission has repeatedly made clear , it will not automatically inherit membership . 
  so a catalan declaration of independence means eu exit . 
  moreover , its ability to rejoin the eu afterwards depends on the consent of spain , and good luck with that . 
  i am going to have to leave it at this reply , so a few quick points : * having an informed opinion is not the same as being biased  - i do n't trust the pp government either , because they are indeed corrupt as fuck , no argument there . 
  however , you have the opportunity to replace the pp government in a democratic manner at the next elections , since there are a lot of people in the rest of spain who hate its corruption too . 
  so the corruption of the pp by itself is not reason enough to go for independence . 
  the corruption of the cdc is however a reason to question its motives . 
  * more generally , i long ago learned that good ideas do not need lots of lies told about them to be popular . 
  there have been entirely too many lies told about how smart catalan independence would be to my tastes . 
  * imo , there is more to a democracy than simply ` whoever gets the most seats wins ' . 
  fundamental , constitutional changes should be approved by a supermajority , say 60 % or 2/3 of the vote , not by a simple majority , since otherwise the majority gets to trample on the rights of the minority too easily . 
  moreover , pro-independence parties did not in fact win a majority of the votes so in my opinion they lack the legitimacy to unilaterally declare independence . 
  * perhaps the most important thing for a democracy is that it has the rule of law , and the whole of the proc\u00e9s is in total violation of actually existing law no mattter how unfair you believe that law to be . 
  * please do n't cite wikipedia for historical issues , consult with / r/askhistorians instead . 
  i 'll credit the article for noting though that among historians the majority opinion is that he was born in genua . 
  * the dolca catalunya article i linked celebrates the cultural diversity of spain and catalanya 's unique culture and its artists and criticises excessive nationalism , xenophobia and racism . 
  you will have to pardon me if i failed to spot the far right-wing connotations there . 
  * i emphatically do not believe that any expert has addressed the question of the lawlessness of unilateral secession or the problem of crashing out of the eu with any argument other than `` it 's only fair / smart if they let us do this '' . 
  * in any case , thanks for this discussion and the effort you put into it !, 
  i have no confidence in the catalan government because i do n't trust the party of tax-dodging jordi pujol and percentage-taking artur mas to be anything other than corrupt , and more importantly because they are railroading the * proc\u00e8s * through the parlament and proceeding as if they have a level of support that does n't exist . 
  also , because their alliance with the anticapitalists of the cup is not in any way based on principle . 
  also , because the reliance on cheap and inaccurate populism like [ espanya ens roba ] ( http://www.elviejotopo.com/topoexpress/4336/ ) . 
  also , because of their support for the historical revisionists of the institut nova historia , who have been rewriting history to make christopher columbus a catalan and , which insults me as a dutchman , [ erasmus of rotterdam as well ] ( https://www.dolcacatalunya.com/2015/08/what-happens-in-catalonia-2/ ) ( this link also sums up a bunch of other reasons why i 'm leery of catalan separatism ) . 
  i am in fact familiar with sala-i-martin 's support for independence ( as well as his reputation as an economist , but looking at [ his arguments here ] ( http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/xavier-sala-i-martin-if-they-dont-let-us-vote-they-will-be-backing-the-fastest-path-to-independence-columbia-university/ ) , there is simply a fundamental refusal to engage with the reality as it is , namely that no matter how convinced catalans may be of the rightness of their cause , their ability to make a success of independence depends almost completely on the cooperation of outside actors . 
  sala-i-martin rages on how unfair it would be to deny catalonia independence , but the whole world is unfair , and that has consequences which you ca n't fix simply because you think you 're the good guys . 
  or [ his arguments here ] ( http://www.columbia.edu/~xs23/papers/independ%20english.htm ) , which state more or less that catalonian independence is right because it fits the historical trend . 
  he ignores the role of the eu , the role of the rules of international trade , the role of institutions , and the importance of staying in the single market . 
  in fact , he sort of echoes the view of brexiteers that the eu will be kind to them because germany wants to sell their cars to the uk . 
  so in an ideal world where catalonia could leave spain without any friction and remain in eu member , sure it would be successful economically and perhaps scientifically . 
  but we do n't live in that world . 
  instead , we live in a world where the spanish supreme court will nullify any actions of the catalan government to declare independence , the government in madrid will probably take over the administration of the region , where no european country is likely recognise independence even if catalonia somehow gets control over its territory , where catalonia will not be a part of the eu , where that independent catalonia therefore crashes out of the single market and will not even be a wto member thus severely hampering its ability to trade , where in any way catalonia will not be able to have its own currency and will probably have to rely on the euro without being part of emu and the banking union . 
  given what we know from the talk about grexit and the reality of brexit , there is no way this ends well and so i am exceptionally sceptical about the opinion of anyone who does seriously not address these issues . 
  it seems we are both a bit unclear on the exact status of this report ( it 's even more unclear to me now , since the article you linked in la vanguardia says that the report was produced in collaboration with biocat , which was created at the behest of the catalan government ) so let 's stop putting into question each other 's good faith in arguing our case . 
  at any rate , i apologize for doing so . 
  i will however note that i have absolutely no confidence in the honesty of the current catalan government . 
  regarding the rest of your post , my argument is not about how catalonia is unprepared by itself . 
  it is that the survival of catalonia as an independent , and economically successful , state is very much dependent on the cooperation of outside actors ( the spanish state , the eu , the international community ) . 
  as the economist in your linked article says :  so the problems of the creation of the bank will not come from not having a good law ; they will come from spain 's reaction and what europe does about its practical application , for instance in the systems of payment , the access to liquidity , the continuity of the european central bank 's discount assets ... since an unrecognized independent catalonia will not be an eu member , the implication is that catalonia will not have access to the payment systems , liquidity , ecb funding , or benefit from the single supervisory mechanism . 
  in other words , a financial crisis is as good as guaranteed if catalonia becomes independent , and its central bank will be dead on arrival . 
  the reason i do n't put very much stock in the words of all the academics you cite or the signatories of the independence manifesto is that none of them appears to be a lawyer or a political scientist , there 's only one or two economists on the list , and no expert on european integration studies or the eu at all ^ 1 ^ . 
  we are already beginning to see what problems [ brexit creates for scientists ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/07/brexit-putting-british-scientists-at-risk-of-becoming-bit-part-players-warns-report-prospect ) ; in catalonia it will be worse , because it will not have an internationally recognised government or be part of the eu . 
  in fact , ** any ** of the problems faced by britain as a result of the brexit process will also apply to catalonia , except catalonia will also have to deal with a financial crisis , legal insecurity , and political isolation . 
  so an independent catalonia might be more willing to fund academic research than the current spanish government , but that ability is entirely academic ( sorry ) when it quite likely wo n't have the capacity to do so . 
  1 it 's exceptionally amusing to me that this basically makes me , as the holder of a degree in economics and being almost done with one in european union studies , more of an expert than any of the people on this list . 
   emhmm i 'm afraid that 's not true at all . 
  this was a lie that appeared in some spanish newspapers , but i thought it was already solved . 
  specially when nature himself said this : i stand corrected , but it was genuinely unclear to me from the layout of the article whether it was all advertorial or original content . 
  when half the report is not labeled as an advertisement , but all the interviews with catalan researchers are labelled as such , and all the advertisements in the report are from catalan organisations , * naturejobs * should not be surprised if people are fooled .
