read paul preston 's * the spanish holocaust * maybe , or failing that , the very well-sourced [ wiki article on the spanish white terror ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_terror_ ( spain ) ) . 
  franco and the nationalists killed hundreds of thousands of people on top of the casualties of the spanish civil war . 
  they called their insurrection a `` national crusade '' to `` cleanse '' the country , and sure enough , they `` cleansed '' their country of socialists , communists and anarchists , trade unionists , freemasons , gay people , intellectuals , poets , catalan and basque separatists , and anyone else who got in their way . 
  and that 's not even to mention the rapes and the baby-snatching , the prison camps and forced labour , or the half a million people who avoided a similar fate only by fleeing the country . 
  sure , stalinism is immeasurably worse . 
  but franco was still a genocidal shithead . 
  which un convention are you even talking about ? 
  excellent post , thank you . 
  i can only assume the norwegian green party hates immigrants ? 
  it 's that `` in one way or another '' that hides a lot problems , i think . 
  also the fact that 7.5 m is a lot of people , but only about 1.5 % of the total eu population - in other words , the bargaining position is asymmetrically in favour of the eu even if you could overcome a spanish veto . 
  but anyway , i 'll have to leave it at that for now . 
  it 's been interesting to get your perspective , thanks !, 
  i dunno , it seems to me that precisely because there 's no precedent for secession and precisely because spain itself so far does n't seem eager to let catalunya walk out the door it will be very difficult to come up with an agreement . 
  particularly since that agreement would create a precedent ( for scotland , for instance , or for the basque country , or south tyrol or whatever ) . 
  and that 's not even to consider what happens with the division of the assets and the liabilities of spain and the existing regional government . . 
  so no , you 're being far too optimistic . 
  sure , but citizenship of the eu is tied to citizenship in a member state . 
  that 's what the treaty on european union says ( article 9 ) :  every national of a member state shall be a citizen of the union now i 'm not a lawyer , though i have taken courses in european law . 
  so it is perhaps possible that a new republic of catalunya could be a designated legal successor , together with the rump kingdom of spain , and admitted as such into the eu ( though you would still have to negotiate ownership of european structural funds or money from the european social fund that now gets funneled through the government of spain , as well as figuring out who 'll be responsible for paying back the remainder of spain 's banking bailout money , as well as a thousand other practical issues ) . 
  but it seems to me that there 's absolutely no obligation for the eu to accept that as a matter of course , and pragmatic politicians could equally decide to make it impossible for catalunya to enter the eu , and as such make secession a really bad idea . 
  you 're not in the eu , the state of catalonia does not exist yet . 
  spain is in the eu and you 're a part of spain . 
  this is the legal reality . 
  even if the government of spain were to permit catalonia to secede , i do n't see how article 49 teu would n't apply ( for reference , it says that applications of new member states have to be unanimously approved by the council , which also sets the conditions of eligibility ; i.e. 
  the government of spain will have a voice on the conditions of your eu membership and has a veto on it ) . 
  i 'm not kicking out anyone , i 'm challenging the idea that it would be ` too much trouble to kick catalonia out ' - in fact , that is almost automatic if catalonia declares independence , simply because * it is actually a lot of work to become a eu member * , what with new members having to sign an accession treaty , adopt the acquis communautaire , etc. 
  and of course , * every single existing member state * has a veto on catalonia 's accession , so anyone even remotely concerned about separatism is going to disapprove . 
  i do n't have an opinion on whether catalonia should be independent or not . 
  but i would say that if catalans think that they 'll automatically become a fully functional eu member if they secede from spain , they 're in for a nasty surprise . 
  as you can see from the numbers posted earlier , spain has a bigger population and economy than catalonia , so it makes total sense ( from a strictly technocratic cost-benefit perspective ) to pay more attention to what spain wants than to what catalonia wants . 
  the eu can absolutely survive without catalonia ; the converse is n't true . 
  also , it looks from the polls as if the pro-independence parties get only a slight majority . 
  would it even be legitimate for them to declare independence when there are a great many people living in catalonia who are not entitled to vote because they 're eu citizens and not spanish ones , and who might prefer to stay in the eu ? 
  trigger warning : varoufakis article . 
  in a sense , this actually was the original eu reaction to the financial crisis ; something called the european economic recovery plan which amounted to iirc 1.5 % extra spending in terms of gdp - unfortunately , after that greece happened and everybody got terrified about the deficits . 
  they published the full interview after some of the contents got leaked to greek newspaper ekathimerini , just so nothing could be taken out of context . 
  it 's the dutch central bank , i.e. 
  no competitors and no customers . 
  you do realize that when you ` give up ' the netherlands a great many of us will be coming to live with you , right ? 
  he should probably have stuck to prose . 
  that 's pretty much what the article says , too . 
  i 'm not sure that 's true . 
  the problem before the eruption of the sovereign debt crisis was that financial markets essentially assumed that the debt in mainly southern european countries was more or less risk-free or at least that the risk was not appreciably higher than in northern europe , and that a default would be prevented by a bailout . 
  this view turned out to be essentially correct until 2012 . 
  now if however everything above maastricht level debt is left to the member states , then that should make clear that not all gov ' t debt in the eu is the same and that highly indebted countries should therefore pay higher yields . 
  this should make it very unattractive to debtor states to run up higher deficits . 
  not saying i necessarily endorse this view , but there 's a logic to it . 
  iirc varoufakis proposed europeanising only the portion of the public debt up to the maastricht limit , while the surplus would be taken care of by the member states themselves . 
  there 's a longer explanation at http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/01/15/4951/ . 
  this is already happening , but the migration is concentrated among higher-educated workers . 
  the largest problem is still in the group with lower education , particularly the people who left school early to get a job in the construction industry while the bubble was still going strong . 
  i do n't think northern european countries will be all that happy to receive hundreds of thousands of workers who lack training and language skills . 
  and it 's not even sure that even if they came that they could compete with low-wage workers from eastern europe . 
  tax evasion , most likely . 
  of course , greece did owe something like 55 billion euro to german banks and other financial institutions in 2010 , so this flipping germany the finger would have been more than merely metaphorical ... 
  it 's a working paper , in other words a piece of analysis produced by a staff member/researcher for the ecb . 
  not an official opinion !, 
  see page 3 :  the views expressed in this paper do not necessarily reflect those of  the european central bank and of course , the ultimate arbiter on the legal modalities of greece leaving the eu/emu would ultimately be the ecj , not the ecb . 
  greece 's government debt is currently around 328 billion euro , so this would be responsible for roughly 0,005 % of the total . 
  i very much doubt that this pushed them over the edge :-) . 
  i 'm guessing it must be something in the water . 
  the future is always uncertain , that does n't mean you ca n't try to make forecasts . 
  and yes , if you try to project gdp in the future that is going to involve taking into account the effect of many ( macro - ) economic variables . 
  of course that is going to look like gibberish to people who have never had a statistics class before , but that does n't make the analysis any less valid . 
  i 'm just going to quote [ the lse 's take on the forecasts here ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexitvote/2016/04/22/did-the-treasury-get-it-right-putting-a-figure-on-the-cost-of-a-brexit/ ) :  many leave commentators have attacked the report by saying it is impossible to forecast events so far in the future . 
  although the report is pitched as what will be gdp in 15 years ' time , it is important to realise that this is an analysis rather than a forecast . 
  the report is in essence saying how much poorer the uk is likely to be because of a brexit . 
  current forecasts of the global economy could be too pessimistic as technological change may pick up . 
  or they might be too optimistic if china has a debt meltdown . 
  but whatever happens , we can consider what will be the state of the uk economy relative to these outcomes . 
  and the report is essentially saying that whatever unexpected events happen in the world , the uk is likely be considerably poorer than it would have been if it remained in the eu . 
  negotiating trade agreements is an exclusive competence of the eu . 
  it 's called the common market for a reason . 
  so yes , there are not going to be any individual deals . 
  in case of brexit , the uk will by default fall into the wto regime ( which means tariffs ) , or try and rejoin the european free trade area ( which means adopting most common market legislation , maintaining free movement , and contributing to the eu budget anyway ) , or negotiate a series of separate agreements like switzerland ( sort of like the efta , except less efficient ) . 
  negotiating trade deals requires a great deal of expert knowledge , diplomatic and administrative capability , and time ( iirc the average trade agreement requires something like three years to conclude ) . 
  and that 's just for signing them ; implementation and enforcement also require resources . 
  so yes , there really is a limit as to how many of these negotiations you can have on your plate at one time , and the british civil service will already have its hands full trying to negotiating a brexit when it comes to that . 
  there wo n't suddenly be a whole slew of new trade agreements to replace those that the uk is now part of as a result of being an eu member . 
  i do n't get why he is so upset about obama removing churchill 's bust from his office ; did n't the brits remove * churchill himself * from office , as soon as the war was over ?? 
  it 's almost as if people think the eu is really important , right ? 
  i mentioned the book above . 
  because you 're forgetting that the belgians very successfully revolted and chased the dutch garrisons and army out of belgium * initially in 1830 * . 
  the dutch then spent the next 7 or 8 months calling up volunteers , strengthening and training the army , and so created the army that thoroughly kicked the belgians ' ass the next year , in 1831 . 
  but by this time , it had become nearly impossible for belgium to be reintegrated into the netherlands ; too many people were now opposed to the dutch government as a result of the violence , and the dutch government had lost all international support ( additionally , the people in the northern netherlands mostly did n't even want the belgians back ) . 
  the ten-day campaign at this point was more about restoring wounded dutch pride , and more pertinently , about strengthening the dutch negotiating position about how the borders would be drawn . 
  well i meant ` fostered ' in the sense that the french encouraged the belgians to revolt ; they revolted for their own reasons , and though there was a radical faction which wished to join france , the french mostly did not actually encourage them in that respect , fearful for the reaction of the other great powers . 
  the dutch army did not fail to ` restore order ' due to the threat of french intervention . 
  rather , it failed to retain control over the belgian cities because it was too weak , too poorly trained and demotivated , and because the belgian soldiers in the army often refused to shoot their countrymen . 
  and where fighting took place , most notably in an urban battle in brussels , the rebels successfully held off the dutch troops or shut them off in their citadels . 
  the french intervention against the dutch ten-day campaign only came after leopold had already been chosen king of belgium ( with the consent of the great powers ) , at which point there was no way that the dutch would regain control over belgium . 
  it was only the surprising dutch military successes that made this seem possible and led the belgians to request french intervention . 
  i just finished a book about the belgian independence war ( * 1830 : de scheiding van nederland , belgi\u00eb en luxemburg * by rolf falter ) , and there is no evidence that the belgian independence movement really was ` fostered ` by foreign powers . 
  doubtlessly , the belgians were inspired by the july revolution in france , and after that revolution was successful many frenchmen volunteered in belgium . 
  but the new government of louis-philippe was way too insecure and too afraid of conflict with the other great powers to intervene at first , and only did so after belgium had de facto already won its independence and was re-invaded by the dutch . 
  instead , the belgians really revolted for a number of ( to my view ) legitimate reasons . 
  they were essentially shut out of government ( only two of king william i 's ministers were belgian ) . 
  they were discriminated against in the army ( the officer corps was almost entirely dutch ) and in public service , where the language of the administration was effectively always dutch . 
  belgian liberals were upset because of censorship of the press and jailing of journalists , and belgian catholics were upset because of the king 's attempts to gain more control of the church and the training of priests .
