especially in context with work , around 21 december the sun only raises at half past seven and goes down at half past four . 
  for normal workdays you can get to see the sun a little bit just before work and its already down when you leave work . 
  yes i have missed a few . 
  i have never lived in brabant and do not know the area that good . 
  nor have i talked about friesland and groningen . 
  also i have forgot to talk about drenthe , but oh well nobody lives there anyways  . 
  rotterdam , because its a big bland boring city with disgusting architecture . 
  volendam because they are rasict slager / folk singers . 
  lelystad and almere because they are both artifical boring cities in man-made province flevoland that have no culture , fun or history . 
  arnhem , because its a boring government city and you should only visit it for shopping . 
  den helder because it has nothing except a good marine base . 
  staphorst and urk because they are extremely religious and wear traditional clothing . 
  on a provincial level : [ limburg ] ( http://www.wegenwiki.nl/images/limburg.png ) because they think they are different than the rest of the netherlands , have a goofy belgian alike accent and are quite xenophobic . 
  besides limburg there is also the stereotype the there are only drunk farmers with a harsh accent in twente and the achterhoek . 
  [ randstad / grachtengordel ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/randstad_population_bubbles_ ( nl \\ ) . svg ) on the countryside there is the sentiment that those people in the randstad / grachtengordel are making stupid government rules and are living in a hippie fantasy world disconnected from what really matters . 
  there is [ the bible belt ] ( http://static3.omroepzeeland.nl/sites/default/files/imagecache/fullwidth/biblebelt_kleur_5d44fe7ef0e96f44c1257b18003e94cb_3.jpg ) in which people wear nice clothes and black socks and go to church all the time , watch no tv , do not vaccinate and are a bunch of conservatives . 
  also this map gives a good representation of what stereotypes there are in the netherlands : http://i.imgur.com/qyzbr8r.jpg, 
  i think avoiding war is the best road nato should take and the biggest part in accomplishing this is reducing russia 's economic inlfuence on the eu and its neighbouring countries . 
  becaue then russia needs to increase their military bugdet in order to excersize the same amount of influence and thats an unvaible future for russia because it decreases support of the russian people of the government . 
  eu has to become less dependent on russia for oil and gas and has to raise the sanctions on russia until russia is changing their tactic . 
  i honestly would accept a full on boycott with its consequences if russia is not changing . 
  simply because the eu should not depend on an unreliable country and an unreliable country should not have this influence on its neighbouring countries . 
  also russia could 've taken a more diplomatic road . 
  buying / leasing their gifted regions back . 
  or supporting a federal system in ukraine in return for investments ( lucrative for ukraine , more influence for russia in ukraine and in a federal system the russian speaking people would have their own taxes , rules and self-governance and therefore less reason to be upset or riot / rebel agianst the pro-western government ) i see two things about solving the economic dependence on russia . 
  increase trade with other opec countries . 
  and reducing our dependance on russian gas and oil and reduce our gas and oil demand in general . 
  you can reduce gas demand by making new houses only with electric cooking and heating and starting/supporting a reconstruction program in old houses changing gas heaters and gas cookers into electric ones . 
  its expensive and less efficient but it certainely reduces russia 's influence on europe 's economy . 
  also trading more with other opec countries helps . 
  the middle east , indonesia , malaysia , brunei , venezuela and nigeria have both oil and gas . 
  more diverse gas and oil import from these countries is neccesary on declining russia influence on the european countries . 
  new oil pipelines from the middle east via turkey or egypt could be possible ( after is has been dealt with and gaza is more peacefull ) . 
  ** tl ; dr ** russia could have taken a diplomatic road . 
  but they did n't . 
  now eu has to increase sanctions until russia is changing . 
  the eu should decrease their dependance on gas and oil and increase import from other opec countries because eu should not depend on an unreliable country . 
  and russia 's influence must be declined unless they prove to be reliable . 
  you could split the countries with a lot of heritage sites into two albums and combine the smaller countries into one gallery . 
  it would be cool if you continue this post with all unesco heritage sites per country . 
  because there are many more cutural heritage sites and some countries feel very underpresented by just showing one heritage site per country . 
  also maria theresa started the seven years war agianst prussia and great britian for reconquering silisia with france and russia on her side . 
  that was also quite a great war . 
  our political views and parties are very fractured since the death of pim fortuyn . 
  between 2002 and 2012 five cabinets have fallen . 
  in the past 12 years our political views have been fractured and there is a high amount of apathy in the general public towards politics . 
  generally speaking the main parties ( christian democrats , liberals , social democrats ) are declining . 
  and the outside parties ( social-liberals , greens , socialists and pvv ) are doing well . 
  the christian democrats are declining because of jan peter balkende being too long in reign ( minster president from 2002 til 2010 ) and the collabaration with pvv afterwards was catastrofic . 
  the current cabinet ( social democrats and liberals , vvd ) is really looked down upon even though they both won the election in 2012 by a wide margin ( 45.000.000.000 euro 's of budget cuts and reforms will do that ) . 
  social-liberals ( d66 ) and the greens are popular because they are valid alternatives for the main parties without being too ideologically different . 
  socailists are popular because budget cuts and reforms in healthcare and pensions are unacceptable for people who value solidarity with the weak and elderly . 
  pvv is popular because they are anti immigrant and there is high animosity towards the current multi-cutural society in nl . 
  also the current situation is odd . 
  the cabinet does n't have a mayority in the senate which makes a lot of things uncertain . 
  tl ; dr politics in nl is viotile , fractured and unstable for about 12 years now , but we go along well because we 're quite rich and our political parties are still good in [ polderen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polder_model ) . 
  ps : this is my personal opinion on the matter . 
  of course somebody else would name different reasons and would discus other topics , but hopefully you get the gist of it . 
  yes i 've heard that both the social democrats and cdu are on a good steady track in germany . 
  its completely different here in nl , the current coalition is doing horribly . 
  the vvd and pvda only have 21.7 % of the votes , meanwhile they have 80 of 150 seats in the parliament . 
  the way its pronounced in dutch is `` op vijf na grootste economie '' , translation to english is `` after five others its the biggest economy '' . 
  it actually means the sixth biggest economy . 
  its also quite an odd party . 
  they are liberals just like any other liberal parties in many ways but you can also call them really progressive ( more funding for education and innovation , for euthenasia , gay marriage etc ) and for a liberal party they are very social . 
  they are often agianst harsh austeries and want to reform the system instead . 
  its not a typical centre-right liberal party but more of a centrarlist ( - ish ) progressive party . 
  its a hollow statement for me . 
  he 's expressing a feeling but not suggesting constructive laws for decreasing crime among moroccans . 
  i want to share a story about a guy who lived around the same time in turkey and is basically on the complete opposite end of ataturk . 
  just about a decade earlier there was a guy called enver pasha and he was the minister of war of the ottoman empire in early wwi . 
  and got the ottoman empire involved in the war 2 months after it broke out through a ridiculous setup . 
  by putting fezzes on german sailors of 2 captured/donated cruisers and letting them attack russian cities in the black sea . 
  this made russia declare war on them and they joined the central powers in wwi . 
  he did this without consulting the other ministers . 
  also he blamed armenians for the complete defeat he suffered in the kars region , but it was just utter stupidity that let his offensive fail . 
  he marched soldiers in summer uniforms having to eat olive rations going on a winter offensive in -20 degrees in the northeastern mountains of turkey . 
  thats just asking for your army to be decimated by the cold winter alone , which in fact was what really happened , out of the 150.000 men who where sended only about 20.000 saw actual combat . 
  wikipage about him , its a very interesting read : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enver_pasha, 
  its like a rare deadly disease . 
  extremely tragic to ones who suffered by it and you want to fund all kinds of research about it , but changing your way of life just to avoid the disease is overreacting . 
  minors changes that have large impact on preventing it is good but doing more is just not worth the money . 
  actually denmark is dried up jizz coming from the swedish cock and finnish balls . 
  i think you 're confusing the country holland with president hollande . 
  yes french , german and/or spanish would be very suitable languages to learn for americans and british people . 
  it does n't have to be much years of learning but just 2 or 3 mandatory years of learning 2 other languages is enough in high school . 
  i learned english atleast 7 years and i also had 3 years of both french and german in high school . 
  i dont consider myself proficient in both german and french ( only german pronunciation is somewhat good ) but i can go on holiday there without much language issues . 
  and that should be the point you can talk in a native language for on holidays . 
  get your facts straight . 
  spanjards are hispanics so they cant be white ( eta ) and the irish ( ira ) are n't white either . 
  far easier to deny certain imams to hold a preach in any dutch mosques if their previous preaches are considered to be hatespeech . 
  also hatespeech means inciting violence among a crowd , you cant proof that the koran incites violence beyond any doubt . 
  if you want go this way you should approach it completely different . 
  besides the point if muslims are good or bad people the proposed laws should be effective and practical . 
  banning a religion or their book is just fucking unpractical . 
  internet offers easy acces and a ban on their book will not change their beliefs . 
  you need to focus on what influences peoples beliefs and start from there . 
  its also a matter of a fact that they are dutch muslims , we cant throw them all out of the country when most of them are 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants . 
  so whats the point of alienating fellow citizens ?
