  i guess all i 'm really saying is * always * be critical when looking at statistics . 
  a few things to keep in mind whilst looking at that : * age 15-15 . 
  in most , if not all , countries this includes school years . 
  in sweden you are n't done with school until the year you turn 19 , so the 15-18 group would have 100 % unemployment but this is in fact a good thing . 
  * add to that all the ones that go on to university after school , they 're technically unemployed as it looks in those numbers , but this is n't either a bad thing . 
  * part time or short time contracts are n't necessarily because of the lack of full time work . 
  in many countries it 's common to take a gap year or several , go travelling and see the world . 
  this leads to many wanting a short time contract job and the rest of the year off . 
  seasonal work is also a factor . 
  yes people knew about it , and yes there were `` public records '' of it . 
  the problem is that there 's a suspicion ( and ongoing investigation ) of insider trading . 
  he bought stocks in the mining company northland resources , a company that was about to go belly up . 
  shortly after , the government owned mining company lkab bought nr and saved them , leading to the stock rocketing . 
  he has also bought stock in another mining company , lappland goldminers , and it 's this information that has now been classified . 
   lots of shootings an stuff in gothenburg and link\u00f6ping . 
  there were no shootings in link\u00f6ping . 
  a 33 year old man for some reason broke in to the basement of a private home in ljungsbro , a small community at the outskirts of link\u00f6ping , with two teenage kids ( brothers ) , the couple living there noticed , called the police and managed to get the younger one of the boys free . 
  the man then ran away with the other kid and in the street a neighbour couple noticed something was wrong , went to help and it ended with the 33 year old killing both the woman and the boy and put the man in hospital . 
  some sources online says he beat them to death with an iron pipe but the police has yet to confirm this . 
  the man is previously known by the police and has a criminal record , and it 's believed that he forced the boys down the basement . 
  also worth mentioning is that in 2004 an 8 year old boy was stabbed to death on a street in link\u00f6ping , and when a 56 year old woman came to help him she was stabbed to death as well . 
  it 's extremely ... wired ... that two such horrible and similar crimes happened in the same city here . 
  this is with out a doubt the biggest news story in sweden this week , it deserves more than that shitty point in your post . 
  this is only for schools up until year 9 though . 
  i do n't recognize this at all in swedish society , parents do listen to their children and let them be involved in the decision making process with things that involve them but is this to be regarded as a bad thing ? 
  children most certainly do not `` decide everything '' in swedish families . 
  one should also note that david eberhard is a controversial person here , this is not his first book criticizing the swedish society . 
  in his first book he was very negative towards the trend that more and more people are seeking professional help for mental issues rather than just `` sucking it up '' , that bans on smoking in public buildings is ridiculous along with a whole row of other harmful substances . 
  and as always , sweden is way ahead of the other nordic countries !, 
  yeah , sucks to be us right now ... 
  and until then she would have been forced to steal and beg . 
  if the pope feels that way , then he should pay for it himself . 
  currywurst !, 
  it 's legal to make a file that includes family members that have never been prosecuted before to map out relationships etc. 
  that 's where the children fit in . 
  belarus ? 
  how the hell can greece afford to buy happiness ? 
  the british are never as happy as when they get to complain , and when you live in the uk you have ** a lot ** to complain about !, 
  the numbers i 've seen says otherwise , the london 2012 games ended up costing more than double the projection and tourism dropped from a normal summer . 
  which is no surprise , the only modern games to have turned a profit was the 1992 barcelona games . 
  andrew zimbalist has written some interesting pieces on the economics of the games , worth a google . 
  yeah , because they 'll totally pay that back in my lifetime . 
  the money that is being borrowed is money that ca n't be invested in our own society . 
  they 'll just keep borrowing and borrowing from other countries never paying back . 
  yeah , and who are they going to force to come to their rescue when their idiotic overspending catches up with them ? 
  that 's right ... the functioning economics in northern europe ... and i do n't want to send any more of my tax money to the south !, 
  and how does spain plan on paying for this ? 
  i could live with 160 mph , but it 's still the matter of the principle . 
  are you one of those tempo 100 idiots ? 
  yeah , that will happen ... 70 mph is under the legal highway speed limit in sweden , and probably a lot of other countries . 
  besides , the germans wo n't go for this , so no worries . 
  the local has newspapers in english from sweden , germany , norway , switzerland , france , italy and spain . 
  the address is www.thelocal . 
  [ country code , e.g. 
  . se for sweden , . de for germany ], 
  / r/norway, 
  yes , russia is n't stuck in out dated ideas , they are actively moving backwards . 
  that 's right , you just keep believing that it was a `` science experiment '' ... 
  yeah , but what has that got to do with anything ? 
  so because they have oil and most americans ca n't find them on a map they are safe from `` liberation '' ? 
  why does this remind me of another country ... 
  as a swede i find it important to point out that the peace prize is handed out by norway . 
  it 's just a way to keep them happy and feel included , much like when your five year old cousin gets to make the salad at family functions . 
  not that i know of , try using a translation service . 
  the same service in sweden is samakning.se, 
  check out mitfahrgelegenheit.de normally they want to split the cost but if you explain about the race you might get lucky . 
  mechanical as in cylinder cutter ? 
  those are better but you really should n't let the blades get dull . 
  but i get it , being a kid doing what your parents ordered you to with shitty equipment is never fun . 
  no it is n't , moss is beautiful and soft . 
  but the grass will overpower the moss if handled correctly . 
  use a vertical cutter once or twice early in the season and do n't cut the grass too short . 
  things should be fine . 
  well , this technique has worked better than any other at the family summer house for forty years now , and that 's the thickest and greenest lawn i 've ever seen . 
  oak leaves are n't the best , but they 're good enough . 
  for best result use a mower with a mulcher function . 
  i would n't wait until it 's a one cm thick layer though ... by spring time you wo n't be able to see them any more . 
  running the leaves over with a lawnmower is enough . 
  during the summer let the left over grass from cutting your lawn be and you 'll have a nice green lawn without having to buy any fertiliser . 
  i think they got sweden and denmark mixed up . 
  that man is an endless source of laughter . 
  he once tried to purpose on tv and got completely shut down . 
  listen to nieuchwytnyuchwyt who has provided the correct answer . 
  yes . 
  it is no secret that england and sweden are n't too happy about some of the visions others have for the future direction of the eu . 
  yes , because only by handing over or rights to the eu will they be safe ... 
  i see it more as that sweden and england wants to keep the issue of national security national and not have the eu speaking for them . 
  i can only remember two rules that i did n't agree with while in school . 
  one was n't allowed to ride ones bike to school in first grade ( age 7 ) , by second grade it was okay . 
  never understood this , probably for `` safety '' but i did n't see the reason for the line between first and second grade . 
  the other rule was that from year 1 to 9 one was n't allowed to wear a hat/beanie indoors . 
  89 nok = 97 sek 59 sek = 54 nok suck it norway !, 
  there are offical times that muslims up here use instead of the sun . 
   asylum seekers are n't exactly in a position to choose though . 
  last winter they even occupied a bus and went on hungerstrike when they realized they would be put in a small town with snow on ground and * demanded * to be given housing in a big city . 
  you 'd think they 'd be grateful that they even got to come to sweden instead of their war torn homes but nope ... 
  `` you get the politicians you deserve '' . 
  it 's not like they where the only corrupt , black market dealing and tax dodging people in the country . 
  i disagree , the population outside of those three are not a bunch of backwards hicks . 
  they 're every bit as tolerant as the others .
