it has n't even been two weeks ... http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2k0s8c/what_europe_thinks_of_europe/, 
  the strongest evidence * that we the public has gotten to see * . 
  let 's face it , in things like these we will never know the truth with all its details . 
  it 's in the nature of things for both sides to keep secrets and never tell the full story . 
  the fact that no submarine surfaced should n't be seen as a failure , it might have been a very successful hunt for all we know . 
  i know , i mean , what are the odds that the russian government 's ship specifically built to find and retrieve damaged mini submarines would have an incident like that just as the swedish navy is searching for a damaged mini submarine right next door ? 
  you ca n't make that stuff up !, 
  that `` expert '' used to be the chief for submarine hunts in the 80 's / 90 's , it 's not just some random blogger that said it in other words . 
  if you look at professor logachev 's movements , turning of their ais , then suddenly suffering a `` propeller failure '' and needed to head back to kaliningrad for repairs that took under a day to perform , it seems like a very plausible explanation . 
  well there was an agreement in parliament to increase spending before this happened , the way i see it it 's just ( s ) trying to grab some cheap points . 
   since ` piggelin ' translates into ` happy ' erhm , what . . ? 
  it 's happened more than once in sweden . 
  i say too bad , it would have been nice to have an olympic game close to home without having to pay for it . 
  here are the numbers for sweden last year : \u00c5rets mest sedda tv-program 1 . 
  melodifestivalen , final ( svt1 , 9 mars ) 4 129 000 2 . 
  eurovision song contest , finalen ( svt1 , 18 maj ) 3 372 000 8 . 
  fotboll , vm-kval : portugal-sverige ( tv4 , 15 november ) 2 886 000 12 . 
  bert karlsson , is there anything that idiot wo n't do for money ? 
  they are , i do n't think they 're everywhere but in most inner cities at least . 
  and i agree with you , it 's such a simple solution and it makes such a difference for the people that collect cans which really makes you wonder why it it does n't exist in other countries . 
  an other great thing that they do is on the machine you can choose if you want the money or if you want to donate it to the red cross . 
  why not just put them in the '' [ pantr\u00f6r ] ( http://nykopingsbloggen.se/wp-content/uploads/panta_mera-224x300.jpg ) '' ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the train drivers would go on a strike . 
  we do . 
  we also have the option to put an x at/wirte the name of the candidate we want to vote for if we are n't happy with the predetermined list . 
  looks great , how can we make this happen ? 
  the biggest difference between european countries is that we all like to drink lots of alcohol ... 
  that swedish people are shy . 
  having a different understanding of politeness and personal space is n't the same as being shy . 
  eurostat is not a great tool to use . 
   youth unemployment rate is the percentage of the unemployed in the age group 15 to 24 years old compared to the total labour force ( both employed and unemployed ) in that age group . 
  however , it should be remembered that a large share of people between these ages are outside the labour market ( since many youths are studying full time and thus are not available for work ) , which explains why youth unemployment rates are generally higher than overall unemployment rates , or those of other age groups . 
  in sweden the age group 15-19 will have 100 % unemployment , as they are still in school . 
  19-24 will have a lot of unemployed people that are full time students , and whilst they might not be working it 's not fair to say that they 're `` unemployed '' imo . 
  it 's far better to look at the neet : s , which stand for `` not in education , employment or training '' . 
  then you 'll have a real number of how many are currently `` doing nothing '' . 
  but those numbers are n't perfect either as they fail to recognize all those who actively have chosen to `` do nothing '' such as taking a gap year and go travelling . 
  do an x-post to / r/swarje and enjoy the praise !, 
  / r/swarje i 'm just going to leave that there ... 
  oh please do sweden !, 
  but do n't make it look like the ukrainian flag . 
  there are those who feel that they 're paying too much , and those who feel that they are n't getting enough . 
  buy having the north spend ridiculous amounts of money on the south ? 
  i do n't think so ... 
  no we do n't . 
  celebrating the solstice buy burning a huge pile of wood is just stupid . 
  we do that in the spring ( last day of may ) to scare of the witches . 
  the solstice is * of course * celebrated by erecting a giant penis into mother earth and decorating it with flowers . 
  we do that as well , on * valborgsm\u00e4ssoafton * ( last day of may ) . 
  it has become some what of a sport , you can bet money on when it 's going to happen and the whole country is watching g\u00e4vle until it burns . 
  if they started to burn it down themselves it would loose it 's appeal and all that `` free commercial '' would go away . 
  so no , they have no interest in burning it down themselves , but they also do n't have any interest in trying to stop it either . 
  well you need to be able to grow the crops needed , and still have enough to eat . 
  this usually meant two harvests in a year . 
  well it 's hard to develop a culture of wine drinking in a place where you ca n't grow grapes . 
  the usa wishes !, 
  oh we are a great defender of privacy . 
  but it 's hard to defend something if you do n't know what you 're defending ... 
  true , but a ) it makes it easier if you are pulled over by the police and b ) it * can * be required in order to rent a car . 
  do n't forget to apply for a [ international driving permit ] ( http://canadaonline.about.com/od/travel/a/international-driving-permit-for-canadians.htm ) . 
  also : mattias hargin came in on second place in the val d'is\u00e9re wc slalom and jessica lindell-vikarby also came in on second place in the st moritz wc giant slalom . 
  a personal best for both . 
  the current priority was set after important functions in society . 
  clearing the path for ambulances and fire engines used to be considered more important than getting your kids to preschool on time ... 
  not really , using skype when you 're abroad and do n't have free wifi is * not * cheap . 
  yes . 
  or butter ... 
   before i went in there , i was very much a ` liberalize the sex trade , better to decriminalize than drive it under ground ' kind of person . 
  these days , i 'm far less certain that 's the right course you kind of did , the only option to decriminalizing prostitution is to re-criminalize it . 
  i doubt you are stupid enough to believe that prostitution will stop if this were to happen . 
  do you think they would have looked happy and sober if they had been standing on the street ? 
   in sweden human trafficking went down/stagnated ** no ** , that 's wrong . 
  trafficking has gone up in sweden as well , [ link in swedish ] ( http://www.gp.se/nyheter/sverige/1.1557760-kraftig-okning-av-offer-for-trafficking ), 
  then why do n't you explain it instead ? 
  you mean where you 're saying that the general feeling amongst the people does n't matter because political opportunists ca n't capitalize on it unless they have the stats to back it up ? 
  dumbass ... 
  saying that it 's worse in other places does n't fix problems here . 
  it 's a bullshit answer and you know it . 
  `` go to south sudan and then you 'll appreciate just how good you have it in romania '' . 
  what 's bollocks about it ? 
  that 's not at all what i 'm saying . 
  try reading my post again . 
  even though the welfare state in sweden is still strong , the general * feeling * here is that we 're worse of now than we used to be . 
  there 's a feeling that crime is up , police is more inefficient , schools are worse , healthcare is worse , rail roads are worse and so on whilst immigration is up and getting more and more benefits . 
  some of them are true , some are n't but the important thing is that we * feel * that they 're worse now than in the eighties and nighties . 
  well that depends on what you 're looking for . 
   uproar over a boy in a toy magazine was playing with a small vacuum cleaner and a girl playing with a gun . 
  just like the debate in sweden with gender neutral toys - halleluja !, 
  it 's kind of sad that people have a problem with boys using `` girl toys '' and vice versa , not the fact that children are playing with toy guns ... 
  it does n't matter if both sides are in on it . 
  it will still be my tax money that pays for the extra police work , my tax money that pays for replacing broken things in public transport and areas and my tax money that pays for cleaning up all the glass and derbies after they 're done beating each other . 
  i 'm the one who has to pay a higher price at the stores , the pubs , the tube and stadiums to cover the costs of repairs and security . 
  and we have n't even mentioned the fact that there are people scared to go to certain places during game day because of the fear of getting caught up in it or being attacked . 
  the `` we 're not hurting anyone else '' excuse does n't hold up ... 
  yeah , the data is from eurostat and they like to include * everybody * in their numbers . 
  neither can i but when i look at the first picture and the neets picture they seem to be different . 
  besides , if all the data is neets why include that as a separate picture ? 
  it seems as if they are presenting the unemployment rate and not the unemployment ratio , `` people are classified as being employed or unemployed irrespective of whether they are in education or not . 
  in other words , eurostat unemployment statistics , in line with ilo standards , do not exclude students from unemployment just because they are students . '', 
  it would n't be the first time politicians has used numbers like these either .
