  i am so , so sorry . 
  trust me , civil wars are a terrible way of cementing unions . 
  if you folks are shocked at how the british remember the war , i have some bad news to tell you about people over here ... 
  let 's look at america , shall we ? 
  a federal community of 50 sovereign states with 310 million people . 
  a combined economy of 17 trillion american dollars , or a quarter of the world 's gdp . 
  the leader in military spending , and a member of nato . 
  europe does n't need to be a big military player , indeed . 
  any way , every european skeptic i have ever corresponded complains about the problems of the european union , and then when i lay out the alternative , they all are suddenly advocates for keeping things as they are . 
  it 's like you have n't really thought out the ramifications of what you are advocating . 
  look , democracies get the leaders and the policies that the people deserve . 
  if public opinion forces europe to disintegrate , well ... you will see how well that serves the people of europe in time . 
  well , now you are being silly . 
  the schengen area , the euro , and nato are aspects of federalism . 
  it 's coming . 
  i 'm not even saying anything ground breaking . 
  winston churchill called for the united states of europe in 1946 . 
  the treaty of rome is pretty explicit . 
  europeans do n't want a giant federal government that imposes on what it means to be an irishman or czech . 
  they do want a safe place to live , work and play where their children or loved ones can do the same . 
  so , europeans want a strong federation without and a safe free land within . 
  they might not realize it , and depending on how you frame the question , you might find very little support for the idea of a federal europe . 
  you wo n't find a lot of support for dismantling the eurozone , abolishing the schengen agreement , dissolving nato , and creating stores of gunpowder and steel . 
  the eurozone and the european union `` simply '' need to become the same circle , and the schengen area can in fact be bigger than the federation . 
  all of the other circles are secondary to the discussion at hand . 
  now , my federation has two huge federations as her neighbors , canada and mexico . 
  we are all part of nafta . 
  things are for the most part working out . 
  indeed , as mexico 's economy grows , fewer mexicans are jumping the southern border . 
  america 's biggest problem is with central american undocumented migrants . 
  federations do n't solve all of the problems facing their member states , but they do help to manage them . 
  i honestly hope you folks get your union federalized in the next few years . 
  look at what federalism did for the german people . 
  um ... well ... look at what germany 's federalism did for you folks in the last fifty years . 
  yeah . 
  just go back the last fifty . 
  wow . 
  that sounds very similar to how things are decided here . 
  well , you folks do n't even need to do what makes the most sense . 
  just doing what makes some sense will be an improvement over the last three hundred years . 
  international bonds and the retirement of old debt is an idea that makes some sense . 
  honestly , the alternative is for berlin to invade the swamp german ... er , the netherlands . 
  it makes no sense to ever throw away perfectly good food when there are empty mouths on this globe . 
  i do n't know the answer to how europe should integrate itself , but i am pretty sure it does n't start with spilled milk . 
  well , this current iteration , at the very least . 
  the continent will be more cohesive as time goes by . 
  it makes sense economically , and if it makes sense economically , then the peoples of europe have to figure out how to make it work democratically and diplomatically . 
  i do n't have the answers for how to do that , but i think creating international bonds and erasing old debt is a good way to fix some problems ... and create others . 
  well , the federation , when it comes , ought to be `` a mile wide and an inch deep '' . 
  the american and canadian federal governments should offer some model for the way going forward . 
  as a citizen of michigan , i do n't really feel under the thumb of a california-new york coalition . 
  federalism is best when it deals without and lets its members deal within . 
  well , maybe not directly , but the european union is pretty much a grand federation of the entire continent . 
  spain is an interesting place , coming from someone that has lived under a federal system his entire life . 
  i mean , you spanish people say you have a unitary government and then every region does whatever it wants within reason . 
  honestly , why not finish the paperwork and admit to yourselves that the iberian peninsula is a federation of sovereign states ? 
  well , gee !, 
  you know what , i hope you have a nice , quiet weekend . 
  there 's a sweet spot . 
  if the minimum wage is high but not too high , more demand is created . 
  if the minimum wage is too high , businesses fold before they benefit from the increased demand , and that depresses the overall economy . 
  at the very least , all minimum wages should be pegged at the consumer price index or its equivalent . 
  an eroding minimum wage spurs employment but decreases demand . 
  i doubt historians are going to pore over the 32nd annual report on water quality in the magdeburg metropolitan area , though ... 
  look , we gave you chrysler . 
  you owe us . 
  why ca n't the italians remake this one ? 
  yeah . 
  give it to the italians . 
  please . 
  so , is this a big problem , then ? 
  anthropomorphic suicidal buses with bad exhaust systems and oil leaks are roaming the polish country side and trying to pick up children ? 
  i think you need to hire a wizard instead of putting out psas if that 's the case . 
  well ... when you do n't increase human rights or democracy , reducing population is easy !, 
  i hope things get better , in spite of my american humor . 
  the united federation of european states . 
  or how about just the european states . 
  here it is in latin : europae civitatum . 
  does n't that just sound nice ? 
  heck , why not just put out all of the official communications in latin ? 
  maybe it would remind everyone of your collective history , eh ? 
  regardless of the name , you guys really need to work on that central bank and start issuing bonds , or else all of this will be purely academic . 
  thank you for the comprehensive reply . 
  i still have a question though ... aside from european bonds and the eu acting on behalf of member states abroad ... how much of the work that is needed to be done a matter of collective will rather than the work of diplomats hammering out treaties ? 
  ... you folks already have a grand federation . 
  you have a congress , you have nato for a unified military , you have a common currency , you have the schengen area ... 
  i do n't know what italy wants to do differently . 
  you folks are there . 
  i live in michigan in a city called ypsilanti . 
  a township named ypsilanti completely surrounds us . 
  i thought it was bad that i have to pay more money for the township 's garden soil than township residents pay . 
  i am sorely mistaken as to what `` bad '' is . 
  i hope your town can heal . 
  thank you for responding . 
  i am very grateful for this forum and for the kindness of its subscribers . 
  with that said , is the welfare state in any fiscal trouble ? 
  well . 
  crap . 
  i am sure denmark is a fine place now , but i understand that some people in your country are concerned with immigration ... more specifically , with immigrants that might not think like the average dane ( not a fear that evokes much sympathy from me ) or do not earn as much money as denmark spends to support them ( a fear that seems on the surface reasonable ) . 
  is denmark in trouble , either with losing its `` danish heritage '' or with the welfare state collapsing ?
