... if everybody allies to take over the world , then we did it !, 
  the world 's been taken over !, 
  yay , alliances !, 
  ... well . 
  good luck , lithuania . 
  not in new york or florida . 
  so , am i to assume that lithuania will get some of its natural gas from north america ? 
  hence the qualifying words `` something like '' . 
  india did not send a nuclear powered robotic rover to the surface of an alien world . 
  that did not happen . 
  i 'm really sorry , i ca n't seem to hear you over my country 's nuclear powered mars rover . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  ... wow . 
  i. . . that strikes me as something like the confederate army marching in a memorial day parade , here in michigan . 
  i suppose southern america and northern america are indeed different nations in a grand federation , and it seems like the same can be said of germany and france now . 
  what is your opinion on the nazi raccoons that roam your country , mocking the idea of proper land management and trash bins that do not need to be well secured ? 
  actually , there is an invasive population of raccoons that were introduced in germany by the nazis . 
  europe is terrorized to this day by the furry descendants of a nazi experiment . 
  yes , i know . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i just said that . 
  nope . 
  the city of london , uk . 
  i actually checked and the recent census is 7,000 or so . 
  what we call `` london '' is a conurbation of the city , 12 inner boroughs , and 20 outer boroughs . 
  as i understand it , only about 12,000 people live in london , so i do n't know why everyone goes on about that small village . 
  i like you . 
  i doubt a lot of folks on here like you all that much , but you are hilarious . 
  feminism is men 's rights . 
  men 's rights is feminism . 
  when people think it is us versus them ... well , bad things happen . 
  rape is under-reported , rapes of males is severely under-reported . 
  this man is courageous to go to the authorities . 
  hopefully the under-reporting and the occurrence of this horrible crime will both become more and more rare . 
  well , how germans teach each other how to be german is something best left to germany . 
  good luck , friend . 
  the germans ? 
  i was speaking to qwertzinator of germany . 
  i am ttogreh , of america , and you are axtolip of spain . 
  i had no idea i was supposed to be addressing every german everywhere in my missives to people with german flags next to their names . 
  that will definitely change my tone . 
  i think anti-semitism coming from ethnic germans would not be so much as concerning as it would be profoundly horrifying . 
  your people saw first-hand what hatred of an ethnicity brings . 
  you have woven into your cultural zeitgeist the horror of the holocaust , and you folks need to do a better job at teaching your immigrants what it means to be german . 
  of course , that 's just my opinion . 
  at any rate , keep up with the solar panel installations and the strong workers unions . 
  do n't worry . 
  we 'll take care of you ... just fine . 
  that is just fantastically british . 
  i wonder if america will waive its airspace use fees for carriers that need to re-route ... 
  well , sure . 
  how could russia be a permanent member of the un security council if that were n't so ? 
  what about the old ussr debt that russia paid ? 
  there are a number of very direct and reasonable connections to the ussr that russia still manages . 
  this is most certainly not something that lithuania would ever help russia on without coercion , though . 
  i like you . 
  you are a forward thinking person . 
  ... are we sure this is n't comedy ? 
  is putin trying to make up with europe through jokes ? 
  because this ... 
  i ca n't take it seriously . 
  it 's absurd . 
  wait . 
  a successor state to a defunct hegemony is asking an independent member of nato and the european union to interrogate and detain her own citizens for acts that happened at least twenty years ago ? 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  i first heard of estonia from brendan fraser 's epic film `` encino man '' , and have known where it is ever since . 
  i guess we really do learn everything from our movies ... 
  i am so sorry , guys . 
  i am really sorry ... especially because too many people do n't know they are clowns . 
  well , that may provide employment for hungarians , but if those factories are producing things that are not wanted or are wanted but at a price that the market can not bear , hungary is `` robbing peter to pay paul '' , an idiom which means that no real solution to the problem has been found . 
  i do n't have the answer to the question , but i suspect that simply nationalizing industries wo n't result in happy hungarians . 
  hungarians need to understand that this is just a temporary occurrence . 
  once wages rise -- and they will , there are only so many hungarians -- the companies will close up shop for the next cheap labor pool . 
  there needs to be a hungarian endgame . 
  if it 's an educated hungarian workforce sending remittances back home once the factories close , a home-grown service economy , state sponsored employment , or some combination of the three ... you folks need to get going on a plan . 
  my country knows a thing or two about chasing the cheaper deal . 
  well , for now . 
  at any rate , no one is going to starve . 
  of course , it would be quite embarrassing for you folks to receive food aid from the same countries that are banned from selling you food . 
  ... tell me more about these slutty russian women expatriates living in poland . 
  do you have pictures ? 
  please tell me you are from the east of your country . 
  this comment would just be that much better . 
  that 's very kind of you . 
  i sincerely appreciate the sentiment . 
  while it may not have been the most needed comment in the world , i stand by my sentiment , and i am deeply indebted to the good people of the netherlands and their work with the treaty of ghent . 
  i get to play the american dumbass in large part because of you . 
  seeing all of these temples to representative democracy gives me a nice warm fuzzy feeling . 
  you folks know how to make good looking people power engines . 
  yeah !, 
  republican government forever !!!, 
  may the people rule !, 
  i heartily agree and support your sentiment , and wish you and all of the fine people of italy as well as all of europe the best . 
  this sounds like the kind of competition to be involved with . 
  i wish bulgaria all the best . 
  quite frankly , i am glad that warsaw 's buses look nice . 
  i was concerned when i saw this youtube video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=lp5wb6oxv1g, 
  i did n't buy a ticket , and i never rented it . 
  however , yes ... there is a strong need in hollywood to paint the war as an american enterprise and the british , french , russian , australian , canadian , indian , new zealand , and all the other nations simply served a supportive role . 
  i mean , ultimately the industrial might of america complemented all of the russians catching the german bullets , but everyone was essential .
