  scandinavia and the adjacent nordic countries ought to collaborate quite closely , and the nordic world ought to collaborate with greater europe . 
  * how * that is achieved is something that can only be answered by you folks . 
  maybe a political union is reasonable . 
  if you guys want one . 
  i do n't think that hungarians should lobby to get a lonely planet guide to finno ugric countries . 
  i do think that hungary , estonia , finland , portugal , slovakia , and oh ... wales should cherish their shared history and mutual culture in order to foster peace , economic development , and common defense . 
  scandinavia and europe are only so big , but together ... they can become * so big * . 
  finno ugric peoples should stick together . 
  brazilians and portuguese should stick together . 
  the united states should stick together with canada and mexico . 
  we 're better together , is all . 
  i was not entirely serious . 
  hungary is very far away and has her own concerns , indeed . 
  estonia , finland , and the nordic region should collaborate just from a logistic standpoint . 
  ... well , nordic makes no sense . 
  eesti and suomi can be nordic and finno ugric . 
  magyarorsz\u00e1g , eesti , and suomi can be their own club . 
  mostly because it 's true . 
  i do n't think there ought to be a political union , but finns , estonians , hungarians , and scandinavians are better together than they are apart . 
  norway 's oil will one day run out . 
  finland is soldiering through with the collapse of nokia . 
  estonia is on the rise but is threatened by russia . 
  i do n't see a paprika shortage any time soon , though ... , 
  ... you know ... scandinavians and finno ugric folks should stick together . 
  the world is harsh , and having family is very important . 
  but hey , i 'm just an american . 
  if you really bought greek food in order to help greece , i want to thank you . 
  i might be an american , but believe it or not , americans care about other parts of the world , and a romanian buying greek food to help greece is just wonderful . 
  thank you for being a good person . 
  natural light is proof that god is either absent or non existent , and we are all doomed . 
  ... why are you being so unkind to sewage water ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urban_search_and_rescue i sincerely hope that you are wrong , and that no one died because of this . 
  i am sure you hope so , too . 
  to be perfectly honest , this is horrific , and i hope everyone injured can recover fully . 
  i understand that a dog died ? 
  that is terrible . 
  if anyone affected by this reads this , please know that people all over the world care , and wish you well . 
  so ... the catalan independence movement is just a bunch of old people that really like bachata and identify with pr because of the sovereignty struggle going on there . 
  yay , we solved it !, 
  we should do the syrian civil war next !, 
  well , who does n't , really ? 
  ... why is the catalan independence flag so similar to puerto rico 's flag ? 
  look , everybody i know is all for puerto rico joining the union . 
  if the democrats have another wave election any time soon , it will happen . 
  god knows puerto rico needs it , what with their debt . 
  so ... what gives ? 
  so ... the bull thing , and siestas in spain is like bacon and firearms in america . 
  i wish that siesta thing was n't a false stereotype , though . 
  i really think it ought to be copied everywhere . 
  no , see ... they need to share some of their sovereignty with europe as a whole . 
  my country has had a federal union for over 200 years , and the current model of that union for the last 150 . 
  there was some disagreement over labor practices in the 1860s . 
  any way , rhode island has a state budget , and the federal government invests in rhode island . 
  rhode islanders pay state and federal taxes . 
  indeed , a great deal of states pay more than they receive in federal investment . 
  federations are the way of the future . 
  we are all going to be connected to one another through tangible means , likely in the next fifty to one hundred years . 
  we ca n't keep pretending that nationalism is a good idea . 
  my country nearly tore itself apart learning this lesson , and we still have n't really taken it to heart . 
  the euro is here to stay , greece is going to have to change some of its practices ... and europe as a whole is going to have to invest in greece . 
  and themselves . 
  ... it 's the de facto lingua franca of western civilization ? 
  hitler : so bad , that he 's not worth winning a fight on the internet for . 
  oh , the subjugation would just be the first step . 
  the subhumans would be liquidated once their usefulness was exhausted . 
  i offer my sincere thanks to your country for helping to save the danish jews . 
  he was a national socialist . 
  `` national '' , in this sense , meaning his nation , his race . 
  socialism for his race , and death for all others . 
  national socialism is evil without qualification . 
  democratic socialism like the northern europeans engage in ? 
  it 's pretty ok . 
  this was n't already a thing ? 
  well , i learned something new . 
  `` all propaganda is lies , even when one is telling the truth '' . 
  george orwell . 
  it might be ok for some serbs , but let 's face it : the kosovars in kosovo do n't need to listen to those serbs any more , now . 
  i sincerely hope that you are wrong . 
  my country 's history with hate is long , bloody , and tragic . 
  we still have n't figured it out yet . 
  i suppose it is naive to expect other places to fare much better . 
  canada and the united states are huge , continent spanning federations of sovereign states . 
  germany and switzerland are separate countries for a hell of a lot of reasons , and switzerland is not a monolingual country . 
  australia and new zealand do not share a land border . 
  albania and kosovo are pretty small , pretty cohesive nation-states that share a border , ethnicity , language , and history . 
  well , maybe they have to live that way for a while before they get over themselves and start talking to their neighbors and work out their problems peacefully . 
  hell , maybe we just have to wait for the older generations to die for any progress to be made . 
  would an average serb in bosnia that grew up with the internet really be for walls and separation ? 
  the eu can say whatever it wants . 
  if sovereign people want to unite politically , then it is not my place to deny them . 
  if they want to engage in violence against a third nation or an ethnic minority within their borders , well ... all of us have a responsibility to stop that . 
  at any rate , if kosovo and albania become members of the eu , sign on to the schengen agreement , join nato , and adopt the euro as their currency ... uh ... how , exactly , would their unification as a single state upset things ? 
  is n't that the end game ? 
  albania and kosovo becoming peaceful productive nations that enrich europe ? 
  violent revolution and the forcible re-appropriation of assets is bad . 
  there are communes in my country that are fifty years old . 
  as long as the sun shines and the rain falls , these communities will endure , and may indeed outlast capitalist republics . 
  a communist is not a man with a gun . 
  he 's a man with a meeting agenda . 
  huh .
