  well . 
  now i am discouraged . 
  thank you ? 
  well , this sounds like encouraging news . 
  explain to me why i am wrong . 
  i live in a suburb outside of detroit . 
  i am thin . 
  the people living in detroit may not have a grocery store near their home for miles around . 
  they are also much more poor than myself . 
  guess which city had the highest obesity rate in 2011 ? 
  ... obesity used to be a rich man 's problem . 
  now it negatively correlates with income . 
  the more poor you are , the more likely you are to be fat . 
  so , not only is somebody poor and afflicted with an eating compulsion , the only food that he can afford is guaranteed to make him fat . 
  and here you are calling him weak minded while you enjoy your fresh vegetables . 
  the symptom ... fatness ... is not the disability . 
  the symptom ... drunkenness ... is not the disability . 
  obesity should not be defined as a disability . 
  alcoholism and compulsive eating are in fact disabilities that can be coped with . 
  an alcoholic can never touch a drink again . 
  that 's not living a normal life . 
  a compulsive eater may never have pizza again . 
  tell me that life without pizza is normal . 
  look , i do n't want to define the symptom as a disability . 
  fatness is n't a disability . 
  choosing to not be thin ? 
  that 's kind of disabling , man . 
  ... dude , do you understand that cheap , crappy food is fantastically abundant and real food is really expensive and rare ? 
  and that that sort of thing started to happen around thirty years ago ? 
  fatness is a symptom of a mental disorder . 
  i do not agree with giving a symptom legal protection . 
  i do think fat people should get assistance towards building willpower . 
  no , being fat is a symptom of an eating compulsion . 
  a thin person with an eating compulsion is still a person with an eating compulsion . 
  a sober alcoholic is still an alcoholic . 
  it is about choice . 
  i do n't think we should let fat people have parking spots closer to the convenience store . 
  i do think we should give fat people some literature on healthy eating and the telephone number to a support group the next time they go to the doctor . 
  i do n't think obesity itself ought to be a disability . 
  it 's a symptom of over-eating . 
  i think making the actual addiction , not the symptom , a disability is the first step to fixing this problem . 
  being drunk at noon is n't a disability , but alcoholism is . 
  i think that can go the other way . 
  a person with an eating problem gets help and goes on to live a healthy life . 
  another guy hides behind his eating problem and refuses treatment . 
  well , person b is choosing not to put on his prosthetic arm , in a sense , is n't he ? 
  at least here in the states , people with physical disabilities simply get survival stipends . 
  somebody could choose to be fat , but if they are truly choosing it instead of `` putting on the limb '' , well , then public shaming seems appropriate , though i do n't think there is a great deal of shame placed on people with missing limbs . 
  i think some people will hide behind anything , whether or not there is societal support to get better . 
  i do n't think that fact should stop society from offering support . 
  it 's a tight rope , to be sure ... 
  shaming people does n't work . 
  it just does n't , and calling someone with a compulsion to eat and not move lazy with a lack of will power is just shaming them . 
  it does n't work . 
  it might make you feel better , but it certainly is n't going to make your country 's health care budget any smaller . 
  realizing that one has a problem certainly is the first step to fixing the problem , but it 's just the first step ... 
  i could have chosen to hide away and indulge in my special interests instead of going out into the world . 
  an alcoholic has to choose to not drink . 
  a person without a limb does indeed choose to put on their prosthetic and learn how to make full use of it . 
  a drug junkie chooses to get his drugs or to go to rehab . 
  a fat person can choose to eat that slice of pizza . 
  i just am having a hard time understanding why the fact that there is a choice makes an addiction any less of a disability than a missing limb or a pervasive , persistent neurological condition like asperger 's . 
  maybe there is indeed a difference , but i am not convinced there is a distinction . 
  well , that 's all fine and good , but we build prosthetic arms for people without arms , and they are still disabled . 
  an alcoholic is still an alcoholic after they stop drinking . 
  people with asperger 's ( actually i do have asperger 's ) can overcome shyness and learn social cues to a level of competency . 
  why is there such an anger about people that have a problem with food ? 
  yeah , because shaming people for being fat has worked so well here in the states . 
  it 's a mental illness . 
  you ca n't fix mental illness with public shaming . 
  if romania offered psychological counseling , exercise trainers , a `` heatlhy food '' stipend ... stuff like that ... would you be interested ? 
  i do n't think fat people should get disabled parking spots , but i also do n't think fat people should just be shamed into not being fat . 
  am i making sense here ? 
  i might not `` get '' europe . 
  why are addictions and disabilities different things ? 
  i honestly am having a hard time understanding how a mental health issue is not the same thing as like , a missing limb . 
  how awful for the cops . 
  i do hope the officer that was injured makes a full recovery . 
  her partner must be going through hell , since she was accidentally shot . 
  i also hope that there is no backlash against iraqi immigrants in berlin . 
  one violent disturbed man amongst so many people just trying to live peacefully ... if someone mistreats them because of this incident , well then we can all be assured that he truly was a terrorist . 
  it reminds me of the hateful ignorant thugs that attacked sikh people after the september 11 , 2001 attacks here in america . 
  in fact , such hate still happens here . 
  i hope the officers can recover from this attack . 
  i hope berlin can stand strong against such madness . 
  i hope my country can learn to do the same . 
  ... well , if finland can figure out how to make it work without attracting `` welfare tourists '' , it ought to help a lot of finns . 
  i hope finland can make it work . 
  so ... estonia has to demean herself to the giant bully in order to get kohver home to his family . 
  damn . 
  i mean ... it gets kohver home , but it would embolden the giant bully to try it again . 
  nato membership keeps you guys sort of safe , so the bullies pull this stuff . 
  i do n't know what to say , except that i care . 
  people do n't get my humor . 
  this is life expectancy at birth , more than likely . 
  it 's also probably within the last couple of years . 
  you were probably born in the 1980s or 1990s , right ? 
  i have n't checked , reddit just trends young . 
  any way . 
  let 's take 1985 . https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=life+expectancy+at+birth+norway+1985 so , if you were born in 1985 , you should move to swamp germany when you turn 75 and a half .
