the korea situation ? 
  probably not . 
  more like the current situation with transnistria in moldova . 
  when me and my friends found out about it , all of our reactions were simply : `` what the fuck ? '' . 
  i would have never ever guessed that something like this would happen here . 
  just this spring we had ( in class ) a discussion how the chance of a school shooting here is close to zero . 
  i just hope that the talking heads on tv are n't going to yank shit out of their asses and blaming it on totally irrelevant things . 
  and in the context of estonia , tv 's talking heads are on `` ringvaade '' and `` reporter '' and to some extent `` seitsmesed uudised '' . 
  u w0t m8 ? 
  we 're not the ones persecuting jews ; homosexuals ; tatars and [ insert minority ] here , it 's you lot over in russia . 
  shit like this makes me wonder whether my country is fully de-sovietized . 
  i seriously want to send varro vooglaid away to somewhere secluded , so he ca n't spread his hate . 
  homosexuality is not a disease , but homophobia and social idiocy is . 
  i hope this group of hateful and backward morons wo n't make too much of a dent to estonia 's reputation . 
  i am , as an estonian and as a straight person , really , really sorry for what has happened today . 
  you forgot the number one advantage of trains : trains are fucking awesome . 
  choo choo motherfuckers !, 
  you can see tallinn from helsinki ? 
  because the opposite has never happened . 
  that would hurt out economy !, 
  keep the finnish booze tax high !, 
  for the sake of peace and prosperity between our two brotherly nations . 
  yeah , but not in our lifetime . 
  i mean , the construction of the tallinn-tartu highway has been dragging on for ages , and the name of the person who proposed the construction of the bridge linking saare county to the mainland has since been lost to history . 
  what the hell ? 
  we had austerity and we pulled through and our gdp is now higher than it was before the recession . 
  when france eventually fucks up like greece with their no austerity plan , that 'll just mean that my tax money will pay for it !, 
  and i make less than al bundy !, 
  why should i suffer because they do n't want a pay cut ? 
  not sure where to post these links , so i 'll post them here in the comments ; estonian evening news show `` aktuaalne kaamera '' from : [ 28th september 1994 ] ( http://uudised.err.ee/v/eesti/83ca7aca-0809-4a4b-8df6-5efa97869f46 ) [ 29th september 1994 ] ( http://uudised.err.ee/v/eesti/6871be2e-a56f-4c73-b569-f043c3834d60 ) [ 30th september 1994 ] ( http://uudised.err.ee/v/eesti/3ad8c64a-3cf2-4af6-8bc9-d1defce20c7a ) even if you do n't speak estonian , you 'll probably have a general understanding of what 's going on , and some segments are in english , including one from the 30th involving talks between clinton and yeltsin , and how yeltsin was later `` too ill '' to meet the irish prime minister . 
  if there is a suitable sub to post these videos to , let me know . 
  i 'm afraid / r/videos will eat me alive . 
  they did meet in the government building . 
  translation : r\u00fc\u00fctel is n't as much russian-minded as simply a commie . 
  at least he 's less russian-minded than savisaar . 
  he does have the right not to sign new laws into effect immediately , but send them back for review , he has the right to give amnesty to prisoners and so forth . 
  ilves has more political power than people think . 
  minister of foregin affairs . 
  he had a bit of a phone scandal after euromaidan protests . 
  something about snipers . 
  i honestly do n't mind , kind of refreshing to see a politician who can speak english with an understandable accent . 
  not being a former member of the communist party central committee ; vice chairman of the supreme soviet of the essr ; chairman of the supreme soviet of the essr and an all around communist party important person is a huge plus , unlike [ arnold r\u00fc\u00fctel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arnold_r%c3%bc%c3%bctel ) , our former president . 
  i know what i 'm about to say is highly unorthodox among estonians , but i like ilves more than lennart meri . 
  we 're probably not going to get another president this good for years to come . 
  he 's the head of state , he does have some responsibilities . 
  he has estonian ancestry . 
  also , the president is elected by the parliament , since the head of government is the prime minister anyway . 
  reportedly , what obama and paet ( the guy who greeted him ) were laughing about was , that obama had apologised for waking them up so early . 
  ilves grew up in new jersey, 
  my fellow estonians , what the fuck ? 
  seriously ? 
  still waiting for it ... 
  estonia is not a rich country , and this festival is expensive . 
  and `` better '' seats are always more expensive , deal with it . 
  honestly i think most people do n't mind sitting on the grass for a few hours , i for one prefer it . 
  you 're saying cheaper tickets for students and pensioners is pathetic ? 
  what an asshole . 
  kapo must be running around batshit crazy right now , trying to find his tie . 
  clearly , if anyone is going to choose a name for this new federation , it should be the estonians . 
  we 'll bring back the good ` ole days of ... umm ... well we never had an empire but we were parts of many other empires . 
  let 's just call it amazing europeland *** * amazing [ adjective ] as defined by ae founding council proposition 12-e/4r 2016 * europeland does not exclude the maritime territories of member states with the exception of international waters and bodies of water bordering non-ae countries as established by ae constitution \u00a7 2-12 * every ae member nation must have landmass to be considered europeland with the exception of the principality of sealand for their unique territory . 
  * ^ 1 * ^ 1 also an exception for the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland because they 're dicks and claimed that islands are different , which is the exact same reason they opeted out of the schengen area . 
  i mean , it is a bit long for a name of a country , but this is how the eu legal system works . 
  my suggestion would be : fyee which is short for : fuck you everyone else capitol should be some small federal district not part of any european country , like washington d.c. 
  i suggest building a new one somewhere in the baltic sea between sweden and estonia , the island of saaremaa seems like a good spot , ^ because ^ i ^ definitely ^ am ^ not ^ from ^ saaremaa ^ s / . 
  actually the whole idea is shit , i like the way things are now , we just need a different way to feel as one european people . 
  it 's not like all the different european cultures are going to go anywhere , even if we start identifying ourselves less estonian or british or german or whatever , and start calling ourselves european , like a lot of us do anyway . 
  kama - a non-perishable food made of a mixture of roasted barley , rye , oat and pea flour ground up into a powder . 
  the powder is mixed with buttermilk or kefir and i personally add sugar to the mix . 
  was my favourite food as a kid . 
  seriously , one of these days one of our guys will shoot one of these planes down and all hell breaks loose . 
  is it really what they want ? 
  a war with nato ? 
  the hell ? 
  i 'm an estonian , and i 've never seen this fascist flag . 
  it 's just our naval jack , but i 've never seen it with an eagle . 
  there are , however , plenty other groups that could be considered fascist , like eesti konservatiivne rahvaerakond ( conservative people 's party of estonia ) and their youth group sinine \u00c4ratus ( blue awakening ) . 
  it 's people like them that give a bad name to estonia , sadly they have a lot of supporters . 
  i believe dprk is the exception that supports the rule . 
  nope , english is simple enough to be the lingua franca . 
  i ca n't imagine most of the world to try and learn estonian . 
  could you specify who you 're talking about ? 
  hot damn . 
  this one picture brings me back so many memories from my childhood . 
  oh , shit , yeah , sorry dude . 
  erm ... yeah ... 
  i was like ... totally playing along and shit . 
  ( but i really am sorry for that outlash ), 
  spanish . 
  you prejudiced dick . 
  edit : i did apologise . 
  he 's not a dick , my eyesight is . 
  the post feels a bit propagandaesque . 
  and forget the fact that they do tend to collapse every now and then . 
  for example the marja pood collapse in 1994 in estonia . 
  we have similar benefits . 
  compared to estonians you guys are loaded with money . 
  at least , that 's the way we see it . 
  well , we are n't as rich as norwegians, 
  damn .
