   india at least one indian company stopped selling that drug to the usa too http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/0,1518,767613,00.html, 
  merkozy w/o strong cameronian opposition is indeed something to watch . 
  ah the royal canadian wedding , with the royal butterscotch pudding , as is tradition , what a glorious day for us and indeed the world, 
  * oh no * we have to tighten immigration rules * fuck * they 're euros , so it wo n't help let 's do it anyways to get votes from ppl who ca n't figure that out, 
  the only state which can revoke independence, 
  estonia actually , i hope it pays well and living costs are manageable . 
  it 's going to be a big adjustment anyways . 
  but would n't that be good for the economy ? 
  just imagine the possible headlines : `` scandal : scottish queen sat closer to us president at dinner gala '' `` liz : new scottish queen a slut '' `` british queen upset at seating order , considers upgrading title to empress '' `` archbishop crowns the new empress - celebrations all over britain '' `` empress liz : the puny kingdom of scotland will not last long '' `` border tensions between britain and scotland - war imminent ? '', 
  who could challenge liz for the crown then ? 
  if it 's seperate it does n't have to be the same person . 
  maybe it could be give to tampon loving charles for a test drive ? 
   the number of fast speed train kilometres built with made in germany technology , the amount of solar panels bought to germany , ... are train tracks publicly or privately financed ? 
  public would n't count . 
  but your post gave me an idea how exports & loans could be tied up : company s : hey i want to buy these german solar panels but have only so much cash company g : no problem , we know a bank which will give you a loan company s : * wohoo * free stuff from germany , they pay , we get it, 
  the more important question is who will be the king/queen of scotland ? 
  will they reintroduce a personal union or will they revive some scottish line ( which my cursory study of british history reveals , wo n't be that easy ) ? 
  europe needs more monarchs !, 
  thanks . 
  so in spain 2000 to 2009 wages rose by ~ 50 % , in the same time wages in germany only rose by ~ 23 % but working germany still pays better . 
  i wonder/question if the german workers output is that much higher/better . 
  if not , there 's more to it . 
  ( and i should rethink my future plans . 
  i 'm not so sure if moving to a country , where i could earn just a quarter of what i could here , is such a good idea ), 
  how is this ( pro ) euro ( - sceptic ) ? 
  great graphic indeed , but what irks me for some while the vicious circle between german exports and southern borrowing . 
  how did they establish that ? 
  how did they find out that germany lent it 's export surplus to spain which used it to buy even more stuff from germany ? 
  and how come no value was created with all the stuff that was bought from germany , did they just buy consumer/luxury goods and build houses ? 
  or are they trying to compete with german companies but lose out due to rising labour costs ? 
  and how do wages compare ? 
  if i had the same job in spain , would i get payed more ? 
  i mean fuck labour costs rising by 200 % i were just payed 33 % of what a german worker would get . 
  a fitting remark :  [ angela_d_merkel ] ( https://twitter.com/#!/angela_d_merkel/status/148019596308398080 ) :  last minute shopping . 
  bought nicolas a second hand copy of how to lose friends and alienate people . 
  in dictatorship it 's benign , in a democracy it 's the norm, 
  but germany does n't want that responsibility and wants to avoid such problems in future . 
  hence the rule + the courts making sure it 's being observed . 
  `` value + interest '' is maybe giving the wrong idea . 
  when i lend money to someone with the aim to profit from it , i set the interest rate at such a level that it covers the inflation i expect + some % s for profit . 
  at the end i expect the ( original amount + inflation = original value ) + profit . 
  the way you describe investments/lending means it would be ok to lend to countries with hyperinflation at a modest rate of interest , which is a bad idea . 
  unless all other options are worse or i my motive is n't to make profit , i should n't lend money to that country but invest elsewhere or simply keep the money under a mattress . 
   the country 's ability to pay back its debt is as much of a weight on its grade as its inflation . 
  that 's something i agree with . 
  the point i was trying to make though was that being in control of your currency puts you in a better spot , but not necessarily in a good spot . 
  for the good spot other factors matter more . 
  if you control your currency , and thus inflation , and raise inflation , to pay your debt , to a rate the investor did n't expect , then controlling your currency is a bad thing from the pov of the investor . 
  all under the assumption that the country is healthy and normally able to service its debt . 
  which i think holds for the uk . 
  however if you ca n't service your debt w/o using inflation , then it probably is better to get the money back even at a reduced value . 
  in contrast the eurozone countries ca n't use inflation in that way , to service their debt . 
  which is ok , unless you took up unhealthy amounts of debt due to a crisis/fudging the books/etc . , then you need a bailout , convince your lenders to take cuts , introduce ( severe ) austerity measures , find a lender of last resort . 
  which is the crux of the euro crises . 
  some countries ca n't service their debt/roll it over , and the use of inflation is currently being denied to them . 
  reading your last paragraph , i think we kinda agree . 
  he tried , but the constitutional court overturned the laws or watered them down . 
  rightly so , his reaction is why i do n't like populists nor protectionists . 
  britains stats might look worse , but there is no looming danger of having to pay for bayouts for other countries , nor is its currency is in a crisis . 
  it only has to deal with itself & can solve it 's own problems , while the eurozone behaves more like a deer in headlights , and having to coordinate between 17 + countries only slows things down ( as do populist or protectionist measures ) . 
  imho your 1 . point is a bit misleading , afaik the advantage of being in control of ones own currency when having a big debt is that you can just print more to pay it off , which leads to inflation doing that probably leads to a downgrade too . 
  when i lend you money i expect to be payed back the same value + interest , which should do more than just cover inflation . 
  ofc they wo n't talk in front of humans , everybody knows that . 
  is n't this implying a bit too much ? 
  fyi the euro is a reserve currency and every bigger country bought euros . 
  the uks cash & gold reserves are split about 40 % usd , 40 % eur and 20 % , which kinda makes sense to have the most important currencies as a backup . 
  yes , compared 1999 gold has risen 500 % in price , which means you invested in it , right ? 
  i mean you knew , which is why you 're complaining now and using that number , you probably also invested into other stuff , like shorting lehmans , because you knew about the crises which sent the gold price into unpredictable heights . 
  and ofc the hm treasury main purpose is to make profits , it 's not guided by policies to ensure the countries liquidity , stability of the pound . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that your argument is bogus because the treasury bought euros out of self interest and the decisions from 1999 were not influenced by the price of gold and nobody was able to predict what would happen in 10 years . 
  afaik she always stood behind the idea of involving the uk , but after the `` veto '' everybody else came out to slight the uk, 
  the germans who lived there mostly fled when the red army came , or they were deported later . 
  germans were n't wanted anymore in their former eastern lands and most states settled people of their own nationality into the newly acquired baltic territories . 
  legalizing it makes it harder to be used politically . 
  if they 're illegal and there 's an election , you can pretend to be a hardliner , get elected , pull some publicity ops which get headlines and then forget about it . 
  if you 're a socialist you can promise to support for rehabilitation centres etc. , which get moved/shut down after some time because the residents do n't like to have junkies near their kids . 
  ( this only works for illegal drugs , helping nicotine/alcohol addicts does n't gain votes ) if you 're a fringe/minor party you can put it into your program to appeal to a younger demography . 
  all in all , having illegal drugs are good for politics . 
  do you have to pay fees if you withdraw from an atm of the same bank ? 
  and are n't there limits on how much you can withdraw ? 
  merkel : you 're going to pay for that soon ... cameron : in the semi-final ? 
  on a d\u00f6ner perhaps ? 
  now we 'll the see how these russians deal with the crack ss division, 
  which war ? 
  considering the food & drinks , who could blame them ? 
  hm ft asks me to log in or register, 
  some of it is because the uk government does n't use its eu resources properly , i.e. 
  it sends people like ashton to brussels , there was some economist article/column about how britain does n't send young diplomats/civil servants to eu institutions to learn how to make friends & influence people in the eu . 
  britain ignores its chances to influence the eu but complains about sarkozy & merkel running it . 
  that is the uks fault , not germanies . 
  germany is actually interested in involving britain more , to counterbalance france . 
  ah the great interrobang, 
  as compared to the nation which overspends , clinging to bygone imperial power ? 
  going on unnecessary overseas adventures ? 
  scraps existing carriers , builds two new ones of which one will be sold immediately and in the meantime ends up in a situation where it might need french carriers ? 
  and where do you get that germany is underspending its military ? 
  i do n't know any military which is happy with its funding , esp . 
  when it has a considerable chunk of it deployed away from home . 
  now you 're getting absurd , no eu mil hq because germany does n't pay for uk military ? 
   `` military complex '' well , newsflash - the eu will need something similar eventually .
