  you are right , their lies are unsubstantiated , the eu set up a [ special blog ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/blog/index_en.htm ) to correct those articles, 
  outsider : no euro , no schengen ( both understandable ) , considering opt out of 130 eu measures on law and order bad boy : vetoes , constant eu slandering by press & politicians , current plans/ideas on restricting immigration from the eu to the uk , mrs. thatchers budget rebate these are only `` bad '' aspects of the uks behaviour within the eu . 
  eu enlargement and a freer market have been/are important things on the uks eu agenda . 
  and other countries do opt out of other things too , kept their own currency , get their own rebates . 
  but perception matters . 
  protectionist france is still a driver pro integration and pro eu while the uk seems obstructionistic and on the verge of leaving . 
  regarding the eu budget : i do n't think the freeze is the issue , it 's the freeze or i veto again . 
  that 's not negotiating but threatening for a second time in a within a year . 
  it 's not the position held but the attitude . 
  instead of coming to the table with budget reallocations ( parliament move , cap ) and maybe willing to compromise ( like germany which does n't want much of a rising budget too ) . 
  france gets away with its veto on cap atm because it has shown willingness to negotiate/compromise while the uk likes to play the outsider bad boy . 
  nah monaco is on it, 
  puts kosovo in but `` forgets '' ireland hm hm, 
  i think i found the source of the poster : http://www.daa-mne.com/blog/?p=720 the client is `` the czech council on foreign relations ( [ ccfr ] ( http://www.rmv.cz/en/ ) ) , founded in 1994 , is a public , non-governmental association '', 
  yeah , it 's bettter to keep dem blackies and dem whities seperated , otherwise you might end up with brownies and everybody knows dem brownies are trouble . 
  really ? 
  nationalism ? 
  because people with different passports can not be represented by one person ? 
  it might surprise you , but at least in germany you can vote in eu & local elections if you are an eu citizen . 
  and there are several cross national regions ( catalonia , tyrol , transylvania ) in europe which might prefer being represented by their mep and not a national one . 
  if you take a look at the pop . 
  per seat column in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_constituency you 'll be able to see that some meps are already less accountable . 
  as it is now some votes count a lot more . 
  under a more centralized one could ignore national borders , redraw the constituencies borders to be of roughly equal size in population and provide a fairer vote . 
  that could be a more centralized yet more democratic eu . 
   not all employment is good employment , extra translators for law and order and education is not great for society . 
  seriously ? 
  you do n't want some parts of the society to unfairly because their command of english is bad for whatever reason ? 
  even if they have done nothing wrong , aspire to integrate and to be a productive part of it ? 
  that 's sick !, 
  ok , i 've done a bit of research and there are indeed exceptions for some eu countries , but not for the country i 'm planning to emigrate to , hmm hmm http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/standardartikel/en/themen/migration/staatsang/faq.html i wish germany and other states would simply allow it . 
  huh , can you point to some sources on how to do it ? 
  afaik the trick for some countries ( which allow dual citizenship ) is to get the german citizenship first and the that of the other country , that way germany does n't know about the 2nd one . 
  the other way around does n't / should n't work because germany then asks you to give up your 1st citizenship . 
  fun fact : it 's not discrimination if it 's the same for everyone ( and just because one can subvert it still does n't make discrimination ), 
  i was simply wondering why the uks trade deficit would be an issue for the eu upon departure and then he started talking about tariffs, 
  so you think businesses would endure new tariffs and that maybe tariffs are a good way of lowering the amount imported goods ? 
  i think you are way wrong on both . 
  i do n't quite get why the uks trade deficit is of importance to the eu ? 
  is n't it rather the uks problem as imports might get more expensive ? 
  how is iceland officially richer than the uk ? 
  gdp per capita they seem to be equal . 
  iceland has about $ 18bil in public debt , the uk has about $ 2.48 trillion but the uks economy is ofc much bigger in percentages it 's 130 % vs 63 % . 
  also  it seems that poor and low-income britons are paying higher taxes to subsidise the holidays of middle-class europeans to holiday in the sun . 
  that is bizarre . 
  what is bizzare is the connection of paying higher taxes to subsidising holidays . 
  the way he phrases it it looks like the government had to raise taxes to pay for eu subsidies to the park , in reality however they have to pay higher taxes because the economy is in bad state and the government decided to increase the aid budget by 3bil ukp per year , regardless of where the funds go . 
  [ it 's a difficult thing ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/controversial-chapters-can-a-jointly-written-history-erase-centuries-of-german-polish-strife-a-759740.html ), 
  between march and october it is n't because like all ( ? ), 
  european countries britain moves its clocks forward by 1h and calls it british summer time ( bst ), 
  which is why germany needs new arab customers , 
  yeah why would germany do that ? 
  but why does israel think it needs to tell germany what it can do , when germany probably wo n't do it anyways ? 
  writing your is n't an issue for me . 
  my people , my nation owned up to the holocaust and carries its burden collectively , and i have no problem saying `` i 'm sorry '' . 
  but it 's a `` i 'm sorry what my people did to you '' . 
  i myself , like most people , including presumably you and owa1n did not commit such atrocities and thus have to feel no personal guilt and ca n't be demanded to apologise personally . 
  but comparing it , trying relativise it because others did similar and demanding to let bygones by bygones is what i do n't like . 
  you personally ca n't be blamed , but you as a nation can be and you as a nation should own up to up . 
  linking to articles about atrocities which europeans committed would n't be ridiculous , it 's part of european history . 
  this article mentions more than just the horrors of british colonialism . 
  i would n't mind articles about the genocide the herero had to suffer , it does n't get that much attention in germany , but at least the german government owned up to its predecessors behaviour and commemorated the dead . 
  as for why brits have to deal with it , ask the independent why they decided to run mr. jones article . 
  so owning up to your past mistakes and not glorifying it is wrong ? 
  it does n't matter how many men you killed because your forefathers were mistreated and your neighbour killed too ? 
  [ related ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  i still went to school for 13 years , one or two years after graduation it changed to 12 years . 
  i would n't say it 's unusually long , in germany it 's 12 years of school and then uni . 
  ah ok , a `` hidden '' requirement, 
  here in hamburg it 's english in elementary school . 
  the rest is the same . 
  studying theology requires old greek , hebrew & latin . 
  history teachers have to learn latin too . 
  either you learn them beforehand or during your studies . 
  what ? 
  you have to be able to use three languages to go to university ? 
  here in germany , german is enough unless you want to study a language and it 's ( afaik ) english/french/spanish , then you have to pass a test in that language . 
  tbh that is/should be normal migration follows economic opportunities , this happens within countries too . 
  and thankfully the eu made it easier to migrate between states . 
   the main difference between sorbish and turkish is the mere mass of the speakers available here . 
  sorbs do have their own newspaper ... 
  the main difference is that sorbish is useless outside its villages and its probably low prestige . 
  for turkish there is not only a high amount of speaks but also their own nation . 
  the nation by its own makes hell of a lot of a difference . 
   and this is why your argiment for bi-lingualism falls apart : those are not different languages , but dialects . 
  try talking in english to them and see them fall apart ( all of them have had at least 5 years of english in sekundarstufe ii ) . 
  i know that they 're not languages and stated so , apart from that do you know what 's the difference between a dialect and a language ? 
  their lack of english skills has nothing to do with bilingualism here . 
  english is neither an official language of the place they are living in nor their mother tongue . 
  what we 're discussing is a supranational language for the european union and its effect ( amongst others ) on the national languages . 
  but atm that 's not the case so english has virtually very little use nor is it used much or at all by many germans . 
  i learned latin in school , others learned spanish or french but their command of it is usually abysmal a few years after school . 
  why ? 
  because it 's not needed unless you are in spain , or france or your job requires it . 
  why should immigrants use both languages within their peer group ? 
  have you actually dealt with language death , bilingualism or languages outside their home country ? 
  your counter examples ( later in this thread ) are not very good . 
  unlike hungarian/romanian , sorbic is useless outside the villages , it has no nation to back it , it 's not needed outside the home . 
  i would not be surprised if its prestige amongst the sorbs is very low . 
  despite state backing , the sorbs are a very small group ( unlike frisians , who in the past judged their own language to be of low prestige ) .
