  why would they when germany and sweden chose to do it in stead ? 
  they 're not dumb . 
  it 's simply \u00d6sterreich translated into finnish . 
  i 'm arguing that there 's room to grow in sweden , not that it can or should be done . 
  well , his argument is silly in more ways than one . 
  simply comparing land masses does n't quite work . 
  there 's not many inhabitants in the northern sweden either . 
  during my erasmus in trieste me and my gf used electricity as if we were in finland . 
  we received our first fee after six months ... for 600 $ . 
  that would 've been ~ 200 $ max back here during the winter . 
  foreigners also usually mess up by not stressing the words correctly . 
  in finnish the stress is always on the first syllable . 
  i ca n't say to have claimed anything to the contrary . 
  it is your own , precious , proper little hodgepodge that makes little sense . 
  but at least it makes no sense by * your * rules , not anyone else 's , 
  the dumbest thing brits have ever done is not the brexit but rather arguing their rules are the `` proper '' rules when it comes to their arbitrary rollercoaster of a language . 
  stake and steak have the same pronunciation because hurr durr the queen . 
  just voicing my opinion , like you are . 
  i would mind you not minding . 
  um , yes it is . 
  once they 're on your land , they 're your headache . 
  you can hear it in this finnish commercial : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktlwsw2y738 at around 00:17 is the best example . 
  not the easiest word to pronounce for sure . 
  i 'd love to hear a frenchman 's pronounciation of m\u00f6lkky . 
  the issue is , along with what you said , that there are simply fewer job opportunities than before , because the laws are so strict regarding employment . 
  this is just a symptom though - the real disease being that the employed do n't want their rights to be taken away in favor of the unemployed . 
  the worst case scenario is that the unemployed will be punished for not `` doing enough '' to find work ( and this evaluation is done by humans , so in practice it is susceptible to abuse ) , but at the same time the country does little to ease the requirements of getting employed . 
  the heavy boureaucracy is the cherry on top of the shit cake . 
  the boureaucrats at the te-offices belittle you and put you down , so that you do n't consider yourself worthy . 
  this is not exactly how you enable people to help themselves . 
  the current problems only arose when we ran out of money to share . 
  though , no state model has been able to solve that problem in a fair way . 
  the modern societies seem to tend to break down when conditions stop improving for a long time . 
  i think the finnish welfare state will collapse within a few decades , but only because our society ca n't handle properly discussing how to scale it down . 
  russians think estonians speak slowly ? 
  they 're like machine guns compared to the finnish !, 
  too soon . 
  fortunately it is pronounced almost exactly as written . 
  the google voice translation is pretty accurate . 
  just like in the language maps , we like to be the unique snowflake . 
  there 's nothing funny about that . 
  what the fuck , seriously ? 
  rolls off the tongue nicely too !, 
  i hereby give you two victim points . 
  i would have given you four but as you 're a white male , i 'll instead tell you to check your privilege . 
  i think the symptoms of going above 10 kilo are greatly exaggerated . 
  personally i do n't see any difference . 
  `` sig '' would sound more akin to the i in `` sick '' . 
  imo you got ta get that double vowel in there . 
  `` siig '' . 
  it 's cheaper . 
  yes , its `` unisex '' . 
  there is a nightdress , 
  ah yes , i did visit piran as well . 
  a really nice town of which i had no knowledge of beforehand sadly . 
  koper was like a mediterranean cozy miami with its palm trees , they 're great . 
  i was an erasmus student in trieste . 
  in retrospect we would have had a nicer time in ljubljana probably . 
  to be honest with you i think i was expecting a little more `` slavic '' milieu in slovenia rather than people with * mauri kunnas * and * arto paasilinna * books on their shelf and german stores which i did not see in italy . 
  a nice surprise . 
  it felt like home away from home . 
  i was surprised that croatia felt like a mini-italy in comparison too . 
  it 's the heavenly place i went to when i was dying for some german/finnish-esque peace and order from living in * trst * . 
  thank you koper . 
  you do n't seem to grasp the usefulness of calling someone over internet vs. a phoneline . 
  especially when your internet has a fixed cost and calling is per-use . 
  great savings to be had . 
  and so is whatsa ... oh wait . 
  welcome to reddit , where every subreddit has an edgy circlejerk over how terrible it is . 
  west = / = american third world sh * thole, 
  wow , danish is 100 % correct . 
  sadly there is little substance to your snarky attitude . 
  if there is a better system you know of , do tell . 
  it 's one thing to state the obvious and another to propose a solution . 
  lower than that caused by communism if the whole world were to convert to communism today , yes . 
  well , yes , we would be in even deeper shit earlier with any alternative . 
  that is not to say global warming does n't screw us too . 
  whenever someone comes up with a viable alternative . 
  communism has one . 
  eat more calories than you consume and you will gain weight . 
  when i was a teen , my family of four used to buy 14 liters of milk for the weekend . 
  by monday morning , there was half a liter left . 
  and my dad does n't even drink milk . 
   no snow i 'm confused now , i thought you were listing bad things to have . 
  those are sadly quite inadequate graphs for determining whether a dollar a day-earning poor has begun earning two dollars a day , essentially doubling his or her income . 
   same shit all over the world . 
  :( does this sound like the person i was commenting to referring to the european situation ? 
  the poorest 80 % are getting more wealthy every year . 
  absolute poverty is on its way to extinction . 
  such a first world thing to say . 
  opportunities are n't future-specific . 
  there are opportunities you could do in this very moment instead of reading my post . 
  if you choose to read it , those other opportunities cease to exist . 
  it has an opportunity cost . 
  of course there 's two schools of thought , and nobody can say which is ( more ) right . 
  on one hand some people think that a nanny state changes people for the better , and on the other hand some people think that there is little difference . 
  alcohol has always been expensive and limited . 
  there has n't been much change in this regard for decades . 
  yet younger generations are behaving completely different to their parents , even though we 've been raised in the same kind of nanny state . 
  this leads me to believe that the nanny state has done nothing to cut our drinking habits .
