  economic migrants , yes ... 
  but there 's nothing illegal about this . 
  enough of them are that it does n't really matter . 
  the situation is not sustainable and in the end those hard working types are going to get the short end of the stick because cherry picking from a mass of million people is not a feasible practice . 
  that is interesting , because in finnish `` hytti '' means a ship 's cabin !, 
  how far can it go ? 
  actually the younger generations are already using much less alcohol than before , so in that way our perspective on the subject has shifted considerably . 
  the problem is really the baby boomers that have always been , uhh , more * liberal * with alcohol . 
  so it 's still going to take a while for things to change on a grander scale . 
  in all honesty it feels refreshing . 
  the air is pure and dry , and if you wear enough clothes you 're only going to feel the cold air on your face . 
  the downside is it 's a bit harder to breathe and your nose starts to run , plus if you have any facial hair it will be frozen by the time you get inside . 
  when your nose hairs freeze up you can be sure it 's not warm anymore  to be quite honest with you though , i 've felt much colder in december in germany when it was +5 celsius but the humidity was through the roof . 
  the cold goes through your clothes and bones !, 
  it 's not the same in much lower temperatures . 
  sorry brits , i only speak american . 
  nothing like getting to experience 1/3rd of your population either freeze to death or starve every 20 years . 
  now though it 's mostly great . 
  every house is heated at comfortable +21 c 24/7 and you can drive to work . 
  for certain i know that www.glenmorangie.com was on the list of banned websites . 
  the ban has been removed now though . 
  [ this ] ( https://thriftyfinn.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/bzsrjmjiqaag-uc.jpg?w=625 ) is what the website looked like in 2014 . 
  one of our public agencies also banned two bloggers from using the word `` whiskey '' in their text . 
  that resulted in a small shitstorm during which we mostly complained on the interwebs . 
  every time someone made a comment somewhere about anything they would add whiskey to the end of the post in protest  i ca n't recall if there was a direct relation to the website bans or not , but some finns also created the political * whiskey party * ( official name ) which has been surprisingly successful !, 
  iirc some websites of companies selling harder liquor ( such as whiskey ) were banned a while back . 
  oh portugal , you 're so behind . 
  we 've had alcohol-related websites banned in the name of greater good for ages !, 
  i 'm glad it is not just us finns that think so !, 
  estonian is so great . 
  they would n't be able to make the trip without money in the first place . 
  why do you want to reject the true american ways ? 
  * ignorant & loud * is your unofficial motto . 
  again , all of it is mimicked from europeans . 
  you are standing on a giant 's shoulders and trying to make it an accomplishment of your own . 
  you would be completely irrelevant if it was n't for european contributions to art , science and technology . 
  how does it feel when even a tiny country in the periphery has more culture in it than your fakeland ? 
  go to minnesota to see for yourself . 
  the only unique cultural characteristic of the whole continent comes from the indians you massacred . 
  way to go . 
  sure , whatever helps you with that inferiority complex , pal . 
  everything of worth you 've done is the result of mimicking the european cultures . 
  there are better ways to cope with the fact than trying to desperately prove fakeland to strangers . 
  you could be the world best in everything , but you 'll still be left without an ounce of culture . 
  i think you are going a bit too far . 
  if we close the borders the amount of refugees making an attempt will diminish because the people only looking for economical benefits will be discouraged from making the trip . 
  the only humane long-term solution is to take an increased number of quota refugees straight from the refugee camps , * after * the asylum has been granted . 
  the people wanting to come here must to do so through official channels . 
  we need to also finance the building of new refugee camps near the conflict areas so that the real refugees will be less desperate to cross the ocean . 
  lastly we must also make absolutely clear that anyone seeking to circumvent the asylum process and attempting to cross the ocean does so at his own peril . 
  it is the hardest thing to do , but we also can not forever be responsible for the wellbeing of the whole world . 
  yeah i think we had a great window in the 1990 's - early 2000 's but the geopolitical situation has shifted since then . 
  i 'm not sure if it 'd such a walk in the park to get in anymore . 
  the baltic countries were wiser . 
   however , if anyone is caught committing a crime or being seen to actively attempt to not integrate to our society , deportation must be the only option . 
  deportation is much harder to accomplish than simply not letting them in in the first place . 
  it 'd be a nice ideal if it actually worked . 
  as such we are way past such naive ideals ruling over our societies . 
  i find it highly unlikely that nato would be willing to just accept anyone in their ranks . 
  finland joining means a massive burden and little benefits to nato . 
  but yeah , if nato really does n't care then it is all about finland . 
  the problem is nobody will join a true defensive alliance with finland . 
  the geopolitical risks are too big for the benefits to be worth it for the second party . 
  and all this without a formal agreement ? 
  thanks for the insight but this just proves how useless the current agreement is . 
  the question is what does sweden benefit from it during a conflict in finland ? 
  they gave no shits about us during the ww2 . 
  regarding sweden 's involvement there is no reason to believe it would n't be . 
  can somebody explain to me how does this benefit finland in any way ? 
  if a true armed crisis ever befalls finland , it 's going to be 1939-1944 all over again . 
  quoting a 1951/1967 document on refugees in 2016 is like quoting a 1995 list of different internet memes . 
  the world does n't stop changing whenever you convene in geneva . 
  but yes , legally we are still utilizing an ancient papyrus that probably has a paragraph in it regarding the soviet union . 
  they can do whatever the heck they want . 
  they simply stop being refugees when they do so . 
  to even suggest something else is insulting to the real refugees in turkey . 
  you are world champions in one thing at least : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mwtwz_agyk, 
  please tell me where he is suggesting anyone to be expelled ? 
  i would n't be even mad if they somehow managed to cause the collapse of western civilization in mere six months . 
  true skill required right there . 
  american media has as much `` culture '' in it as chicken mcnuggets have `` chicken '' . 
  it is still entertaining though , which is ultimately what counts . 
  `` if someone dares to be better than me he must be taxed back to my level . '', 
  finland : the pm juha sipil\u00e4 - he is an engineer . 
  you 're arguing about which style is more consistent for * the * most arbitrary and inconsistent language to ever exist . 
  at least americans embrace the fact . 
  yes , brother ? 
  fun fact : in finland the police is currently raising fines drastically to help finance itself . 
  a result of austerity politics combined with unflexible bureaucracy i guess . 
  as long as you 're not persuading others to think the same as you there should be no issue . 
  the slippery slope is steep on this one . 
  it has just as much value as any other opinion ( not much , that is ) . 
  the intent depends on the circumstances and context . 
  just because it is someone 's public opinion does not automatically mean it is intended as offensive . 
  personal insults are forbidden and rightly so . 
  voicing one 's opinion in general terms on the other hand should n't be an offense . 
  whether it is needed or not , the right to say such thing should n't be condemned . 
  the opinion itself can be condemned however , but only through the means of free speech , not legal action . 
  to be honest i expected much better of the * french . 
  saying finland is a shit country is n't offensive unless it is more than an opinion .
