russia has distant populated regions that have to be connected somehow . 
  ... and canada does n't ? 
  it 's a dumb request , but yes , it is not an order . 
   there should 've been segregation of some sort so men and women with children would be housed separately . 
  sometimes it 's not about not seeing it coming . 
  if someone had decided to do that the public response would have gone something like this : `` how incredibly racist that just because someone is from a different country you assume he is an animal that needs to be separated from the opposite sex . 
  he 's a human being like the rest of us , we 're all equal . 
  you monster ! '', 
  a ( sadly ) relevant question is where all those immigrants originate from . 
  is n't japan mostly in debt to it 's citizens ? 
  i bet that is very manageable but how does it relate to the debt in finland ? 
  it would be nice to be able to believe in the power of optimism , but the reality does n't really help us there . 
  the population is starting to shrink and there are a lot more people in the world trying to take their own piece of the pie every day . 
  nations like japan have showed us what a shrinking population does to a country . 
  less and less working-age people paying bigger and bigger amounts of debt . 
  i just do n't see how it is so obvious that more debt is the absolute best way to go . 
  the employer risks need to be further decreased , i agree . 
  however we do need to attract foreign capital to our country and even then our economy may not grow . 
  growing the economy by debt is a good idea if we assume that there will be a time when we can pay back the debt by the means of future growth . 
  the question is when is this future growth coming and if it is even realistic to think that it will , in the next few decades at least ? 
  jobs are n't all equal though . 
  what we need are high-value jobs , preferably in the private sector , and for that we need to attract foreign capital to our country , which is made quite a bit harder by the emerged political risks by russia 's presence . 
  we can finance this through debt or by reducing public spending . 
  however the endgame ( pun intended ) is that even by taking huge debts we may be still struggling for the next 20 + years . 
  do we want to be in huge debts in 20 years but with similar living standards as today ( until it 's time to pay back the interests at least ) or with lower living standards but no debt to increase our future financial burden even more ? 
  absolutely not . 
  the point is that if the assumption is that the economy will not grow in the future as it has in the past , it may be better to boost the economy as much as possible without cannibalizing the future in the process by increasing the loan burden . 
  the chance is high that we are on a road of more and more cuts for the next 20 years at least , or alternatively more and more debt , and either way the end result is not going to be good for us . 
  i do n't find it unreasonable to consider all political changes from the standpoint that we are not pulling ourselves from this hole anytime soon . 
  we have seen countries like japan struggle with rather similar problems for 20 years now . 
  with a shrinking population and a few net-gain immigrants making their way to our periphery you do n't have to be nostradamus to see where we are headed . 
  of course all of this might prove to be incorrect , but to say that the chance is n't there is just absurd . 
  why is taking more debt the best option to go with this option in mind ? 
  surely it 's always easy to say what could be done better but sadly each party comes with their own stupid ideas that pull the country down . 
  for keskusta it is of course their fixation on keeping the countryside on a respirator as long as possible . 
  if the government will do whatever they can to improve the country outside of their holy cows then that simply ought to be enough . 
  as much as we would like it our politics are just as flawed as in the rest of the world . 
  yeah . 
  only then we would have more problems but a huge debt would n't be one . 
  the assumption that we can somehow avoid/prevent the continued downward spiral is pretty optimistic , unreasonably so one could say . 
  you said nothing about the fact profitability on the private sector ought to improve ( due to the decreased tax burden and , hopefully in the future , less risks for employers to employ workers ) , which is the most important factor so far as to finance the public sector , regardless of its size . 
  we must bring in capital from abroad , the current system can not sustain itself from just the finnish capital alone . 
   personally i 'm all in for keynesian economics for government to take more loan ( we can afford it , really , we have less debt per capita than germany ) to stimulate economic growth with public investments like necessary infrastructure upgrades and renovating/building new schools to replace the moldy old ones ( both of these have to be done anyway ) to kick start the economy . 
  as per the status quo we are taking more loans even without any stimulations . 
  and even worse , if the kick start does n't work ( due to another major recession or continued deflation in the euro zone etc. ), 
  we are left with problems far more severe than today , just to delay the inevitable . 
   americans i personally prefer to use the more accurate term `` ex-europeans '' . 
  denial certainly does n't get you there . 
  it 's much easier to retire by 47 in the u.s than europe actually , if you make above the minimum wage . 
  is the `` t. '' what i think it is ? 
  yeah finns live too much in their own little bubble sometimes . 
  i went to italy for 8 months and used electricity like if i were in finland . 
  after six months i got the first electricity bill for 600 $ . 
  that would 've been like 200 $ at maximum in finland . 
  your rent sounds awfully expensive or your heating bill is through the roof . 
  you 're living with a roommate at the very least , right ? 
  going home for lunch sounds crazy . 
  do you not have lunch restaurants ? 
  while you canadians have fought valiantly against the united states ' arbitrary logic rollercoaster , there are sadly some battles you have lost . 
  yes i know the west is doing what you describe , but you 're still not making any sense as to why that is relevant when it comes to russia 's inability to be ( come ) a superpower . 
  i 'm curious , does hungarian not have the partitive case ? 
  finns use partitive and accusative cases to separate between ` partial ' and ` final ' aspects , but you seem to use a prefix for it . 
  i went to riga last december and i could pick up the double vowel thing in just 10 minutes , once i understood what the lines above vowels actually indicate . 
  latvian just felt like a mix of finno-ugric and slavic to me !, 
  as a finn it feels extremely cumbersome , physically taxing even , to have to switch between vowels that do n't fit together , mid-word . 
  like , i bet i would make serious mouth muscle gainz by just doing that for a few weeks . 
  while that is funny , palaveri is actually a portuguese loanword that simply happens to consist of two unrelated finnish words . 
  though i agree , i do n't see how that is relevant to the discussion at hand . . 
  are you talking about us ? 
  thats like saying a homeless guy isnt broke because he can pay a 5 $ loan to his drug-addict friend and still have 10 $ to his name . 
  to hell with those pesky lower class peasants-by-birth and their adidas tracksuits , am i right ? 
  the most ` murican comment of the day : looking down on the poor !, 
  sweden will do fantastically well ... until the next recession . 
  maybe if we all assume it will never come , things will be okay ? 
  one of them ca n't ruin the country by crazy backwards politics . 
  illegal immigrants are abundant in the us . 
  nah , norway is beautiful in a different way . 
  the remaining 25 members need to pressure the 3 until an agreement is reached . 
  `` because worrying about both at the same time is impossible . '', 
  `` because just like car accidents , major terrorist attacks are a new phenomena and a necessary risk in our lives if we want to go from point a to b. '', 
  loans were given to greece to save the domestic banks first and foremost . 
  the banks played a risky game with greece , lost and went for the public 's wallet to save them . 
  now they 're doing it again - because they apparently can . 
  socialize the losses , capitalize the profits . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  japan , the greatest example of equality among gender , too !, 
  makes sense that the first rule would be the most factual one indeed . 
  sadly we were doing so well until we came under the influence of your pc culture . 
  then shit hit the fan . 
  nah i 'm just kidding about that  though some of the teaching staff demanding authority and saying such things was a bit of a culture shock in all honesty . . 
  i was deeply traumatized during my erasmus in italy . 
  at the end of my exchange i was told by someone in the international affairs that i had been as bad of an exchange student as the spanish . 
  that hurt a bit . 
  or maybe i simply integrated successfully ? 
  that 's certainly interesting to know . 
  i was n't aware of it at least . 
  in finnish we use the `` proper '' names for italy , with the exception of `` venetsia '' . 
  poor italian cities , completely butchered by the english language . 
  so you 're saying they 're not legally allowed to seek asylum ? 
  please tell me what makes this process `` illegal '' .
