  whether someone is insulted by it is completely irrelevant . 
  i 'd like to know how you managed to spin `` neither side is innocent '' into `` serbs are n't responsible '' . 
  maybe next time go into an argument logic first instead of emotion . 
  the people of the eu do n't care enough to make a difference . 
  they are too occupied with their national struggles to see the big picture that should involve the whole union . 
  the world is no longer limited to the single nation-states but the people have n't caught up with the fact . 
  other interviews have basically made it clear . 
   either way , this graph explains the glorification of northern europe on reddit . 
  it 's not like there are so many more northern european redditors here in total . 
  our countries are much smaller . 
  two down , ??? 
  to go !, 
  finland - agriculture and forestry, 
  i absolutely loved this side of living in rovaniemi . 
  i ca n't deal with a christmas without snow . 
  our coins are much better though, 
  the same picture of some random woman in multiple colours i guess, 
  young male on the interwebs !, 
  your opinion is so hilariously stereotypical . 
  now tell us you 're an atheist and watch mlp to complete the holy trifecta . 
  i think its a 50/50 vowel to consonant ratio in fact . 
  if betteridge 's law were * not * true , the headline would become `` betteridge 's law not true '' . 
  that is a more shocking headline than asking a question . 
  therefore it would be used in stead . 
  man i wish i was living in paris to get some excitement in my life . 
  i bet you live in syria you lucky guy !, 
   oh , yes , you are . 
  oh , please do remain as vague as possible so that you can keep spouting this nonsense without having to back it up . 
  oh yes , that 's great . 
  thank you !, 
  ... sorry swedes !, 
  that 's one convincing argument . 
  in my country people use it to argue against gay marriage . 
  `` if you allow homos to marry now , soon animals will follow ! '', 
  no one is redefining the meaning of freedom here . 
  free societies are simply not as `` free '' as you 'd like to think . 
  you ca n't physically harm someone nor can you steal - boom , there goes your definition of freedom . 
  free societies are not objectively free in every possible way after all - more news at eleven . 
  i 'm not sure about the `` accuracy '' of this suggestion but personally i would find it more interesting to combine finland and the baltics . 
  however then you would either need norway to reform scandinavia or more of denmark . 
  of course we would lose the ikea and pop singers but on the other hand finland and estonia could rule over the finno-baltic republic together . 
  the first step would be to make every citizen learn our easy and useful languages . 
  the bridge is okay but extremely overrated at this point . 
  it tries way too hard to be edgy and ` interesting ' and the writing can sometimes be quite awkward ( which has been less of a problem in season 3 admittedly ) . 
  also the opening theme is simply incomprehensible . 
  i personally prefer johan falk and beck a lot more . 
  other series i like is solsidan ( also swedish ) and sherlock . 
  yeah , but just barely & with no substantial inflation in sight . 
  meanwhile countries with the most rapidly aging populations are showing signs of dipping into a long-term recession . 
  now let 's not get stuck on the details . 
  it 's simply a matter of creative accounting !, 
  liettua in finnish . 
  how about that ? 
  how do you pronounce `` the '' ? 
  their home countries may not accept them back . 
  it 's a real concern you know . 
  by who ? 
  the mainstream media ? 
  i can guarantee you this has not been the status quo in the recent past at least , 
  and that 's only because the media chooses to omit the immigrant-status of perpetrators all the time . 
  what do you think will happen when the trust is lost ? 
  oh , sometimes the reporting can be slightly selective . 
  just basic human error though , no biggie . 
  oh nice , seems there has been no issues reporting his ethnicity . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  medic duties can demand quite a bit of physical strength . 
  as a medic this was rather apparent during our training where the women and lighter men just did n't have the strength to carry someone out of the danger zone for example . 
  i would n't consider women ( nor lighter men ) too reliable on this role . 
  well , i 'm a big guy so 2500 calories a minimum . 
  you seem to have some misconception that stuff like maraconi is `` shitty '' food . 
  while a macaroni/potato/rice diet might lack some necessary nutrients and variety in the very long run , they are amazing ingredients for the price point . 
  nothing at all shitty about them . 
  people have lived healthy lives on potatoes alone for centuries . 
  in comparison `` healthy '' ingredients like lettuce are just pointless . 
  no calories , little nutrients , costs a lot and does n't really fill you up either . 
  add some healthy fats like olive oil to the potato/macaroni/rice and it will keep you full for hours . 
  while you could definitely cut your budget in half with that ( healthy ) stuff , i really need some examples from you for how to do that with the highly processed shit and still retain the same calories . 
  i do n't have to check the prices anymore . 
  i have a budget and it 's been working for me for many years , so what 's there to check ? 
  i ca n't really say what the problem is for you but eating healthy on a budget definitely is n't out of a student 's reach . 
  well , i spend on average 7 euros a day on food , and that includes treating my sugar addiction once or twice a week with pastries , chocolate etc. 
  if i cut out those i could get down to 5,5-6 euros a day . 
  i could also make bigger batches of food at once but i am lazy and only prepare 1-2 days worth of food at a time . 
  4,5-5 euros is a possibility but requires more effort than i am willing to put in at the moment . 
  i am also quite picky in that i cycle between 10-15 recipes , if i cut that out to like 5 i could save some more . 
  you can not cut that in half while retaining the same calories , i can guarantee that . 
  please stop the excuses and take a long , hard look at your eating habits . 
  i 've never had this problem . 
  i hear it 's an issue in the us but it 's not difficult to eat cheap and healthy in finland . 
  it does n't sound like you 've made any effort tbh . 
  exactly . 
  she only stays with finland since he keeps throwing gifts at her , financed by always doing overtime in the paper factory . 
  \u00c5land is the high school sweetheart that went out with finland ( the bad boy in school with a toyota corolla ) but now regrets it and wants to hook up with sweden ( the golden boy now making it in the corporate world ) instead . 
  when i was a teenager , my family of 4 ( of which one does n't drink milk other than with coffee ) drank 15 liters of milk in a single weekend on average . 
  finns really need to hear that more often . 
  the entitlement to the current living standards is first ( world ) class . 
  i am amazed that venice has n't been mentioned . 
  wet , damp , rotten , crowded , all businesses try to take advantage of tourists , almost no locals around anywhere , floods all the time , etc. 
  such a sad place . 
  i feel sorry for anyone actually staying there overnight .
