  bribery , it 's the european way / s, 
  - michael scott, 
  he has to get support from other parties and that has no chance of happening right ? 
  i mean more because in some us apartment complexes they have a laundry room that everyone can use , since it 's not always convenient to own your own and move it around if you are renting and want to move . 
  there 's a `` greeks just party all day '' joke in here somewhere , i ca n't figure it out though . 
  are n't you greek ? 
  i think to myself , how fucking long do you have to wait to use one of the washing machines there ?? 
  immediately thought of kowloon, 
  god damn , it looks like kowloon 's walled city . 
  [ here 's what happens when this gets tried in the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pruitt%e2%80%93igoe ), 
  glad we got at least 1 civ reference in for this before the ban . 
  in all seriousness though , i 'd like to avoid angry people brigading this sub . 
  that 's why i added , `` in a sense '' . 
   the argument is that scotland can make the decisions that are best for growing it 's own economy , rather than being considered a minor part of a bigger picture within the uk . 
  this same reasoning was applied to brexit in a sense , got to be careful of it . 
   we do n't get lies/propaganda from both sides and that there is honest debate to the problems scotland will face if they stay in the union and if they leave the union . 
  the question i have is whether murdoch and the like have skin in the game . 
  if so , they 'll act . 
  but i suspect they view england as much more malleable and worth their time than comparatively left-wing scotland . 
  sounds like a hilarious strategy for civilization or something . 
  * first they came for the oranges , and i did nothing , because i was not spanish ( or an orange ) * * then they came for the dutch , and i did nothing , because i was not dutch * * then they came for german beer * ... okay that 's fucking enough shoot the bastards, 
   the fact that the average iq of albania is listed as 82 - practically , literally retarded - should be enough of a warning sign in itself . 
  i suspect it has mainly to do with them basing it on `` student assessments '' , whatever they 've meant by that . 
  they used that type of thing here to say that because black people score lower they must be biologically inferior or minorities have lower iq on average , it 's dangerous . 
   um the west has been strongly supporting erdogan for years even though we told you that this was where it was going to go years before he was first elected . 
  you have a very good point . 
  western governments have been * far * too accomodating to this nutjob . 
  i 'm stuggling to figure out an expression in english that captures such thing , a combination of `` bible thumper '' and `` redneck '' lol, 
  beyond placating them and pandering to them with lies ( which seems to be the ukip playbook ) ? 
  no , since now the country will be all on its own in helping those people . 
  he 's a nut , i 've listened to a bit of his radio show during researching this whole phenomenon and he just will not accept the idea that multicultural society can exist . 
  lmao i would steal this as a copypasta but it 's too original, 
  amateur hour over there in ankara , i swear . 
  posted it in spanish the other day , it was hilarious, 
  applause, 
  if they wanted to , they would already be doing it . 
  right but take a public good like health ( which some people would say is a solely private matter - false in my opinion due to shared social costs ) , and so when we pay tax on income so that that money can go to other things like being able to share healthcare costs across society , i think it works . 
   in economy , just like in any science , you lay out your hypothesis and objectives . 
  economists can objectively research what is the most effective way to reduce inequality , boost growth or whatever . 
  then the public subjectively chooses what is important to them . 
  right . 
  unfortunately , the models assume a great deal of various things so they can be flawed . 
  does n't mean we should dismiss their findings entirely . 
  the public just unfortunately is n't informed enough . 
  personally , i think of taxes like something i 'm willing to pay as long as i get something out of it . 
  tax money is spent responsibly . 
   criticism of market regulation ( the macron law can be described as a deregulation bill for the work market ) do you think this will work ? 
  is it really necessary to have all people in a party behave exactly the same way ? 
  it 's not like he was a competitor for hamon , he 's just voicing his opinion . 
  so the country should make decisions based on what 53 % want ? 
  i 'm sort of playing devil 's advocate here but i think it 's a question that needs asked . 
  european qe , it started at least in 2015 iirc . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/9c097a92-bd5c-11e6-8b45-b8b81dd5d080 edit : shit , that 's got a paywall . 
  i 'll find another one, 
   this has a direct mandate from the electorate . 
  does it ? 
  the referendum was close , as you know . 
  podesta 's attack was specifically spearphishing, 
  * relevant username *, 
  damn , at least they 're honest . 
  us republicans wo n't admit it . 
  nice try , you 're not going to gaslight me though, 
  i just looked him up , and the nephew that succeeded him controlling the company managed to double their wealth by 1546 !, 
  holy shit, 
  yes , it 's a very simple hacking scheme . 
  just simple spearphishing . 
  but the propaganda is very real and very serious . 
  pretty much , the last vestiges of the roman empire and its institutions all gone . 
  i knew a guy studying medieval philosophy and one of his profs had translated a book about byzantium , wish i could have gotten my hands on it . 
  their whole governmental and bureaucratic system was fascinating how it all worked . 
  extreme amounts of devolution and independence among the princes and an actual elected monarch . 
  to be fair , slavic languages are distantly related to iranian languages via indo-european family, 
  i imagine if you were living back then that 's just what you referred to it as . 
  i remember in the tudors that 's how they would refer to it . 
  yeah it 'd be the republic of novgorod instead of russia i believe . 
   i once went to the doctor with some small chest pains and he told me to stop imagining things , just polish doctor things . 
  astounding, 
  the lack of a solution from the arab league has been quite frustrating . 
  then again , it 's 2 of its most wealthy members funding terrorists in the first place ( with a little help from the us ) that led to the refugee crisis . 
  that first one, 
  trickle-down economics , my friend . 
  hahaha newsflash : not all americans are the same , and their views do n't reflect that of the government or the shitty companies that run their media . 
  there 's a reason why i browse this sub . 
  there 's no dock or anything of sorts it looks like ? 
  `` croatian alteration '' smh, 
  national history , putting it as `` responsibility '' is how i imagine i would feel as well . 
  just as i feel a sort of sense of responsibility over the us government 's current actions around the world bombing this country or that country . 
  lmao that 's a funny way of putting it . 
  makes me laugh because both halves of my family came here post-1860 and none of them were wealthy . 
  rferl may not the best source to be used against this because it 's run by the us bbog iirc , and that can be used against its integrity . 
  good , let them come :d, 
  so ... how do people go there or leave ? 
  is this thread being brigaded ? 
  is it a rural/urban divide ? 
  honestly , are we * trying * to tempt fate ? 
   the uk leaving is allowing for further integration with much more ease than before . 
  not surprising , another big player taking themselves out of the picture . 
  unsurprising , they 're the areas most willing to engage to anti-establishment rhetoric and in some cases they 're the biggest immigrant areas . 
  believe it or not , there are americans who speak second languages . 
  note my flair , homes .
