  yeah makes me pretty suspicious tbh, 
  you know how much data they collect on people right ? 
  and all the other services they provide ? 
  holy shit can you imagine what they 'd do if the fine was that high ? 
  you sneaky you ... bet you 're taking a neutral position on it as well, 
   `` we believe that these subjects are beyond their [ students ] comprehension , '' what the fuck  have also predicted a diminished role in the curriculum for the study of atat\u00fcrk , and an increase in the hours devoted to studying religion . 
  what the fuck, 
  specifically when gulf states were promising to pay for all of it . 
  the gulf states were n't thinking about that , they just wanted assad out . 
  i 'll make some popcorn to that . 
  that 's cool . 
  i believe that type of phonetic swap is actually in some other dialects of various other languages so it 's not completely unheard of . 
  did n't one of those surveys of r/europe show there are a ton of croatians on here ? 
  yeah except the part where galician is a separate language and spanish or porco lol, 
  le\u00edste en wikipedia ? 
  yeah but is his hat made by adidas ? 
   this problem needs to be dealt with long before it reaches europe . 
  i agree . 
  the nyt article that was posted here showing how `` rescues '' have started taking place closer and closer to the libyan coast was very jarring . 
  less focused on keeping up appearances and clickbait are two things i can think of . 
  40c in portugal , though does n't have the humidity of siberia, 
  spain 's found a new export : heat !, 
  now you 've made me really hope we can get some leaks on surkov , i would love to read that guy 's playbook . 
   if they were against putin it would be harder to drum up support for the protests , exactly . 
  openly protesting putin would get these people in jail and also open themselves up to being attacked by paramilitaries , but instead framing it as a battle against corruption ( with medvedev front and center ) makes it safer . 
  i 'm sure as you said , it 's an open secret and putin knows he has to carefully manage the public opinion . 
  yes . 
  a solid approach , but one that requires a lot of cooperation between various people . 
  the top reply is downright childish . 
  wow , impressive temperature differences thanks to the atlantic wind . 
  must feel like being in an oven if you 're inland . 
  just buy yourselves a football team like hopp from sap did !, 
   then crimea happened and the sub went full kremlin-gopnik . 
  what a surprise ... 
  ever seen the bbc documentary `` hypernormalisation '' ? 
  it was about the end of the ussr but i feel it describes modern russia pretty well too . 
  is that how they do things up there ? 
  damn , so that 's how you get through those winters . 
  will they crack down on other fake branding ? 
  that 's how those types of things labeled in some places here `` rice beverage '' or `` almond beverage '', 
  lmao , as if the country needed * more * dogmatism and a * more * extreme position on brexit . 
  and in our country , perhaps too ... 
  in all seriousness , i imagine lord buckethead would do a better job since he would actually listen to experts . 
  time to renew my costco card and buy some in bulk . 
  more like just a sun symbol and that 's it . 
  then they can be unique . 
  only country whose name is just a symbol !, 
  mammana is a footballer . 
  the irony of being a short distance away and watching this all go down ... 
  / r/totallyyesgermans, 
  lol by up the ra you mean `` fuck the ira ? '', 
  or what, 
  i move we change our name to this , trumpistan . 
  not to mention the massive amount of data sharing , which we are still not sure of the true amount of money this represents . 
   you may not like it , but you ca n't compete against that . 
  why should they not have to pay taxes ? 
  looks like that, 
  the salt on sky is palpable lol, 
  you forgot this . 
  * occasionally * they contribute something meaningful . 
  based on what i 'm reading this is n't it though . 
  you mean sicily, 
  no shit , that looks awful . 
  * handshake intensifies *, 
  but how does that compare to ceos making hundreds of times more in compensation than their workers ? 
  talked to a french friend of mine about it but his explanation was really short , could n't really say much about it . 
  what are the changes ? 
   but it 's not supposed to be business , it 's a church , it has tax cuts !, 
  otherwise coca-cola can set up it 's own church rituals ( god knows they have enough followers already , and people do meet periodically to share a coke ) and just get into the happy ` no tax required ' religious group . 
  you know what scientology is right ? 
   nothing comes back to middle class western europeans though . 
  i unfortunately have n't researched the theory enough to respond to this , but i think the intended benefits are supposed to come in a variety of ways that do not always manifest themselves * today * but also in future time periods ( from an economic standpoint ) . 
  well an interesting way to look at it is the 900 that comes from say , denmark goes much much farther in say , lithuania or poland so there 's a huge economic benefit to be gained from it . 
  i think that 's the theory at least . 
   the good ol' times of that bloody `` austerity '' , pushed really hard by our german friends ... come now , do n't exempt the imf and all the other talking heads who were pushing austerity in the wake of the crisis . 
  to boldly ( and piously ) go where no romanian has gone before ? 
   why does it seem like the romanian orthodox church is involved with lots of sketchy stuff unrelated to religion ? 
  is this really shady ? 
  it just seems like run-of-the-mill business . 
  can already see putin 's blood boiling ... 
  can i rent a room from you ?? 
  the fuck ? 
  wow . 
  basically . 
  i can think of very few cities where it 's worth it to have to commute in a car every day . 
  people pay $ 100-150 / month where i work for a parking pass so they do n't have to use city parking ... ... no thanks, 
  yeah i moved , could n't stand suburbs ( moved cities , but that 's different ) . 
   50km 31 and change miles ... yeah pretty normal for us ( thank god i do n't have to deal with that anymore , personally ), 
  the queue is yuge , certainly . 
  yeah 5 miles even in some us cities is pretty big , certainly not walking distance . 
  that 's yuge !, 
  wow thanks , that 's really interesting . 
  oh shit i forgot it was xabi who took that kick . 
   olaszorsz\u00e1g wonder what that name comes from ? 
  - ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u2572 ___ \u5350\u5350\u5350\u5350 do n't mind me just taking my mods for a walk, 
  is it really * good * though ? 
  joke 's on them , i know a number of italians who in the summer would beat that chart . 
  no , it 's not something i 've ever heard of . 
  and trump handshake memes if you have n't already, 
   exactly .
