  all they care about is ensuring the city and the murdoch-types are prosperous , they could n't make it any more obvious . 
   many unionists here would still rather be a part of the eu with ireland than be out of the eu with the uk . 
  very interesting . 
   i 've very little confidence this matters much to the hard brexiters running the show in london . 
  sky showed a guy who would have to do this to herd his cattle across his own property that strattles the border lol . 
  shit , it 's amazing how similar he is to trump in that regard . 
  lol @ syria importing from saudi arabia while their governments are diametrically opposed, 
  american here , sorry i do n't get the joke : what 's the joke here ? 
  hard to blame them , but hard not to feel bad for the north in all of it, 
  that 's why i said beyond the living disparity, 
  right i 'm aware of that , did n't know farage was part of that crew though ( thought i 'm not surprised ), 
  he 'll take a job away from an honest dutchman who deserves it !, 
  he absolutely was a huge part of pushing that narrative that made people vote that way , so i think it 's reasonable to find him accountable . 
  what does that mean , city of london boy ? 
  i feel like korea is a similar situation beyond the huge living disparity and all the refugees it would create . 
  a unified korea would be a huge geopolitical threat to china . 
  yep , only country in europe whose official language is of the semitic family . 
  always stands out to me because of all the crazy consonant placements lol . 
  yeah , because how can you be from a town that does n't exist ? 
  it 's like me saying i 'm from inner-city phoenix, 
  very onion-esque headline . 
  lmao well done , i 'm saving this . 
  perfect logic . 
  lmao there 's a user on / r/soccer who 's from bielefeld and i made that joke, 
  love stuff like this . 
  secure your shit people !, 
  what about all the food to feed them and the water to grow it ? 
  not enough education about it , and the companies pushing products on them . 
  well , bayer 's merged with them now . 
  also , dow & dupont are merged since i think 2 years . 
  ah ok thanks . 
  i was hoping for a video feed like nos.nl does online , i 'll have to look around . 
  have you considered the resource impact of any of it though ? 
  the uproar over this brazil meatpacking thing at the same time is quite amazing . 
  do they have an online feed by chance ? 
  i think it was a catalonian winery , but yeah i 've had some tempranillos and garnachas from various wineries that were great . 
  thanks for the other recommendations . 
  they 're just rabid for it to crash, 
  had a monastrell for the first time last week , was n't super impressed with it . 
  could have been the winery though . 
  there 's even olive oil here that you get that 's a scam where it says it 's `` packed in italy '' but it really is like you said , from other countries ( i 've heard tunisia is a popular one ) , and sometimes mixed with other oils that are n't even olive oil !, 
  is n't `` v '' a syllable in a few slavic languages ? 
  poor trolling, 
  i `` m joking around :d, 
  * europe all looks at turkey asking each other `` what the fuck is with this crazy guy ? 
  his legitimacy is tumbling around the world , looks like a total fool . 
  long live the salonika irredentist movement !, 
  sounds like a pasta to me lol, 
  we should start a bingo game . 
  the problem is they fear the * perception * hit associated with it , because of political reasons . 
  we have a very sensationalist culture . 
  has the sun come out there yet ? 
  beer pls !, 
  what do you think i 'm saying ? 
  i 'm confused ? 
  hungarians , you non-conformists ... 
  well , our congress did vote over 66 % for a bill to allow people to sue saudi arabia over 9/11 ... a rare thing in today 's climate to be able to override a presidential veto . 
  the us 's largest trade partner for oil is by far canada , and we produce a crapload of energy ourselves . 
  saudi arabia is barely needed for i think 7 % of imports , the only reason why we placate them is their bargaining power over opec and for geopolitical/security reasons . 
  macron 's playing all the right moves , hopefully his policies go in the same direction if he 's elected . 
  right and that 's where the battle is , to avoid extremes and create effective policy that does n't alienate your own people . 
  the problem is politicians are so afraid of accusations of racism . 
   people want predictability , islamist terrorism adds an element of unpredictable danger into our lives the definition of terrorism , the whole point of it is simply to inflict emotional damage and get people scared . 
  the trick will be not to sacrifice our own principles in the name of fighting this enemy . 
  i 'm not sure what country you 're a citizen of , and this is going to sound very tinfoil but you should take a look at this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_for_the_new_american_century iraq was the culmination of a very long development in neoconservative ideology and 9/11 simply provided the spark they were looking for to militarize the state further and increase executive power . 
  very cool , thanks for the album op, 
  i agree with hitting them in the pocketbook , that 's where it really hurts them . 
  got to clamp down on this money laundering and start calling it what it is from our `` allies '' . 
  that 's what im guessing, 
  i was like , worldnews ? 
  and then i realized ... 
  depends on where you 're at , and the communities * do * get isolated . 
  flagstaff or a hip community like prescott is vastly different than tucson or something . 
   on first amendment things the us seems far more principled unfortunately , this apparently goes overboard to include corporate money counting as `` speech '' in elections . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  outside of oklahoma 's supreme court there is a bust of the 10 commandments ( i think ) and the governor of kentucky was funneling money towards this company building a theme park based on * noah 's ark * . 
  it 's bonkers . 
  it 's practically japan 's national drink , very grassy taste to it that they say originated `` umami '', 
  this is reddit dude , we 're all circlejerking over our cultures and shit like pizza with ketchup . 
  chill, 
  you heathen , go drink some sencha . 
  it always amazes me how reasonable europeans are on religion because of how touchy a subject it is here in the us . 
  i think you have a point , that people from those regions just have different values towards criticising religious institutions and what they say . 
  the us was an invading external power and this was the czechs internally reforming their own gov ` t , two different things imo, 
  it 's always the first sentence i can figure it out . 
  lol and that 's probably good . 
  actually i wondered if costco had overseas stores but i do n't think they do . 
  * that 's what costco is for *, 
  i love the pics of europe tbh , and the times people post their own personal pics , it 's great . 
  i 've said the most effective way we can deal with trump is to just ignore half the shit he says and focus on the scandals we know can go deeper . 
  that way peoples ' attention is n't diverted 100x . 
   cultural nihilistic melting pot of ` multiculturalism ' that some parts of the us is . 
  i 'm just curious , what do you mean by this and where are you referring to ? 
  thanks for a non-reactionary standpoint . 
  the foreignpolicy.com article another poster commented will show it, 
  and also doing a lot of things to decrease the value of other companies . 
  as the other poster noted , the gsci has fucked up food commodity pricing . 
   i would say all this inward-turning , nationalistic lean they 've taken to is just to cement them in is in a major part , i guarantee this is partly them hoping to distract people . 
  fascinating - i knew about gsci but not its history, 
  going to be like this all over the uk 's corporate sector ... 1 year to undo 35 years of integration .
