  lol, 
  kind of , `` everything is okay to me since i only see it for 2 weeks ? '', 
  i know it 's a meme at this point , but for football purposes they should just do it , i 'd love to watch that league and they 'd do far better in europe . 
  why are you posting my medieval total war screenshots ? 
  i love the france one, 
  but you ca n't afford either if you do n't have a job ? 
   big erdogan-loyal turkish population as germany does . 
  is there a reason why they 're so loyal ? 
   the us has value to leverage against the corporate tax rate to entice a corporation to do business there . 
  also , the average real rate that large companies are paying is closer to 17 % . 
  fox even admitted this . 
  the problem was that nafta has * drawbacks * which must be acknowledge and sanders was one of the few to mention them . 
  for example , competition with the highly subsidized us ag industry basically has destroyed mexico 's small agricultural producers . 
   it does have disproportionate influence in congress relative to its economic size , true enough . 
  i think this is also an important point . 
  based on what i 'm reading it makes sense to me as a good direction . 
  i do n't agree with mass tax breaks but lowering the nominal rate a bit off of 30 % i think is a solid move as long as the real rate is as close as possible to it . 
  fillon 's solution is crap , slashing things like he will does not stimulate anything but 1 % pocketbooks and unfortunately hamon is just not popular enough . 
  exactly , do these people think we should have not let trump use the secret service during the campaign ? 
  we ca n't have a double standard just because we `` like '' clinton or do n't like trump . 
  what happens if we hate both of the candidates ? 
  the desire to craft a state based on the structures outlined in sharia . 
  it 's fantastic !, 
  lmao , according to total war you do n't even exist . 
  nice try , luxembourg but you 'll at least need to get your own faction first !, 
  was waiting for this to be posted , always good, 
  exactly . 
  it 's about * vocabulary *, 
   an american guy sued the school because he did n't want a cross near his son why does it always have to be this way ? 
  fuck , like our national pastime is suing people . 
  except the part where bayern win everything and texas 's sports teams , well , you know ( cowboys ) . 
  your parties are fucked , though . 
  labour is a joke , the tories are ( imo ) batshit , ukip is more batshit , and everyone else is irrelevant . 
  i hear him talk about banning muslims from nl and think , how the * hell * is that constitutional ? 
  they 'd never survive here , we drive on the right . 
  edit : also i should note the weather . 
  no i mean like actual reporting ban , i think they already do that yes ? 
  polish flair talking about how you want to be bavaria ... lewandowski lol, 
  actually i happen to think some of his work is insightful , he is very unhinged though . 
  what nationality were some of the biggest post-modern philosophers like foucault , lyotard , etc ? 
  robert ? 
  fuuuu am i too late ? 
  attention-grabbing publicity stunt , but yeah i more or less agree . 
  just that dutch guttural sounds leaking into typing, 
   2 ) not a part of greece actually really ? 
  is it church-owned land , or some weird autonomous province-style thing ? 
   erm , why would n't he be allowed to do that ? 
  currently , diplomats from the me are allowed to pull off far more outrageous shit than riding a camel . 
  heheh , thinking of some great street racing videos that are astounding, 
  am i alone in thinking they should just ban reporting on polls until the actual election ? 
  got ta get by somehow i guess ... fair, 
  over olives and feta pizza tho ? 
  i love in your america first , italy second video you mentioned him . 
  there 's a place for people like you ... it 's called ... papa john 's, 
  i wo n't stand for this deep-fried pizza monstrosity !, 
  pineapple and ham is one thing , but this is too far !, 
  trump was found to have russian asset ties months ago tbh, 
  wapo and nyt just broke 2 huge russia-trump-manafort connected stories yesterday & sunday so it 's looking like the details are getting more concrete and accessible . 
  and supposedly the fbi met with the senate intelligence committee today . 
  note / r/worldnews has a top post from the independent in the uk about it . 
  sorry , what i 'm used to, 
  yes but what exactly are you worried of happening in those barrios ? 
  exactly , the whole idea is to push a narrative not be factual . 
  self-deportation ? 
  did i just do that ? 
  do n't underestimate bannon 's radio show lol , listen to it sometime . 
  and that 's why the propaganda from rt etc. 
  works . 
  add bannon to that . 
  so , should we listen to pence , the wh , or bannon ? 
  no way !, 
  give me margherita , or give me death !, 
  my eyes !, 
  you have sibelius , stop complaining, 
  nope , but i grew up with these guys in a very anglophile household, 
  nice . 
  all i knew them from was their jersey sponsorships, 
  french-scottish historical alliance, 
  looks pretty great tbh, 
  i 've never had it, 
  that 's basically what it is . 
  expect a reaction broadcast on rt by the end of the day . 
  hahahaha the absurdity of this , you should really spend more time in this sub, 
  how does she think she can say this in france of all places and still get elected ? 
  yes , the main thing that will change store behavior on this is consumer action . 
  far more effective than government action . 
  i 'm guessing the french approve . 
  oh my god , we 've finally found another use for that . 
  you think you 're making a sort of light-hearted joke , but try looking at our elections some time . 
  same thing they did for trump but forgot he 's been in nyc business for decades and was a huge friend of hillary clinton . 
  we 're `` saving '' france from `` terrorists '' and `` hateful liberals '' . 
  chorizo and potatoes baby , and do n't you forget it . 
  best tacos i ever had were not at a restaurant but a random street vendor , no question . 
   it is n't really a place , but a state of mind i would say this of many chronically economically-depressed places . 
  country was basically divided in thirds between prussia , austria , and russia . 
  what i do n't get is why ? 
  is it the champions league ? 
  the warsaw pact is dead . 
  long live the warsaw pact . 
  yep you got it , that 's exactly what i 'm thinking of .
