  yes i 'm quite aware , many us urban areas have those neighborhoods ( i 've been to tons of them ) . 
  reminds me of the pnw in the us , people deferring to each other on who will go first at a stop light or into a doorway . 
  * it goes on endlessly *, 
  they 've been kissing russian ass for decades historically . 
  duly noted , i 'll check in with you in 4-5 years . 
  do n't read french , is it ? 
  sounds like you 're being sarcastic . 
  coming from latin languages myself it sounds so weird . 
   the worst term in history really ? 
  why would you say that ? 
  someone tell the likud that ffs, 
  pre-war demographics are always fascinating , blows my mind how much some of these numbers have changed . 
  the whole mentality of people back then was bewildering to someone modern but the `` blame jews for everything '' conspiracies have been around for centuries . 
  yes the whole `` country jewish village '' thing of those areas has always fascinated me , like you said a quintessentially eastern european thing . 
  this might be going back too far , but the p-l commonwealth had very good religious tolerance as well . 
  i can already see the montenegrin daily mail headline, 
  i love that they named him, 
  yeah ... no they do n't, 
  i just imagine them doing a campaign to get a few families to migrate there all so they can build a synagogue lol, 
  remain campaign surely could have done more to talk about employment numbers ? 
  the irony of leave-ers saying remain was fearmongering ... 
  think about that over a few countries tbf, 
  and be forced to turn over whatever data you gather in return , i 'm guessing . 
  another example of the leave-ers not being truly informed what they were asking for ... 
  very tough question and i think india is the right example to bring up . 
  there are examples of malfeasance , say , the partition of syria but those are obviously two very different events . 
  quite right , the moral approach is often taking a present day value system and placing it on a historical nation which imo is very revisionist . 
  edit : i should say i want to make one exception for genocide , since even in its historical forms it is without a doubt done with evil intent . 
  having done some research on the ussr myself , i 've come to the belief it could have worked had the economy not been so geared towards military production & the government not so focused on maintaining absolute obedience from the warsaw pact countries . 
  for example , there were so many policies that just do not make economic sense like the collectivization of farms . 
  but the party was too concerned with dogma and warmongering to think about entertaining reforms . 
   and have fun trading on wto terms with your closest neighbours , but butbut but but but but but, 
  eu ministers were quotes as saying in response : ha, 
  i know a family from frosinone , that 's crazy !, 
  yes , i would imagine the `` two-state '' situation . 
  erdogan has denounced you !, 
  what will be your response ? 
  dead body here , can confirm . 
  watched with horror while my bodybag was stolen . 
  yes how could i be so out of it . 
  sours are definitely * in * . 
  can i tell you about my bar 's elderberry thyme sour ? 
  i am not in az anymore ( for better or worse ) but still in north america . 
  love this sub though amidst the chaos that is the rest of reddit . 
  speaking of volatile , there is some wide variation in the quality . 
  some of them try various gimmicks like `` unfiltered '' or `` grapefruit '' or something but some of them are painfully mediocre . 
  i would n't say american beer sucks as a whole though , there are some breweries doing amazing things that are not gimmicky at all . 
  i 've had a couple of those !, 
  my local eastern european food market has some interesting stuff . 
   how is belgian beer so consistently good ? 
  monks , my dude . 
  tailgating season !, 
  looks pretty good , from tegernsee , i 'm guessing you were visiting ? 
  what 's your opinion of franziskaner ? 
  is that even made in germany anymore ? 
  i 'm very jealous . 
  in america the hip thing is india pale ales , as someone that prefers other styles it 's terrible sometimes in bars as they will only have those as their craft selection . 
  they do that with deer here in some spots in the us iirc, 
  and then to get rid of the honeybadger population , they can bring in wolves !, 
   ronaldo lmao, 
  corrupt politicans gon na do their thing . 
  but better !, 
  right but that does n't address why erdogan would go after small-time critics while putin would n't . 
  yeah that will never happen . 
   we have an islamic dictatorship not really , they 're just using islam as a cloak for authoritarianism and to rally the sheep around the government . 
   for one thing , you can insult putin on social media as much as you want without consequences i 'm not quite surprised , he 's got all the power and cracking down on something so trivial would only be a waste of time for him . 
  you already sent us your great 7-foot prophet of basketball , we 're very thankful . 
  minimalism , it 's beautiful, 
  finally someone mentions tartar sauce . 
   curry ketchup and chopped onions now we 're talking, 
  weird, 
  battle royale , although juppe did n't even seem like he wanted to run ( as we 've discussed here ad nauseum ), 
   former ceo of exxon and a guy who as ag of oklahoma , sued the epa the agency he is now in charge of . 
  listen to what i 've written , these guys have clear conflicts-of-interest that should disqualify them from office . 
  tillerson alone could help xom make billions if he can get the sanctions on russia lifted . 
  well , until refugees decide they are willing to be settled * anywhere * in the eurozone , it will cause a lot of friction . 
  the problem is , i do n't see that happening . 
  like fifa 's announcement that their commission to fix racism in football was finished lol, 
  where do you see hollande involved ? 
  i do n't know if they had captain planet in romania , but this is like the villains of that show . 
  blah , trump has a plethora of fossil fuel people including the former ceo of exxon and a guy who as ag of oklahoma , sued the epa the agency he is now in charge of . 
  musk is advising him yes , but he does n't hold a cabinet position . 
  we do n't need to get banned from reddit by the echr . 
  pbs frontline in the us actually posited this exact thing in their documentary `` putin 's way '', 
  i prefer poison water source personally , at least during wartime, 
  * looks up lepinja * never had it , but yes, 
  what is used instead ? 
  i thought rice was big all over iberia . 
  yeah my guess . 
  right any kind of like wheat , millet , barley , etc that 's made as food like kasha or so counts . 
  and if so , does that mean vodka counts as a vegetable ? 
  asking for a friend . 
   most want `` stability '' in the sense of nothing bad or even important on the news . 
  now this makes sense . 
  great news . 
  proud of the country of my ancestors today !, 
  it still boggles my mind how they achieve election wins , or perhaps germany is not as secular as i think it is . 
  nah , i was going to jump on the bandwagon and submit it myself lol, 
  party pooper, 
  knew this would end up here .
