can confirm , i always go after iasi when playing as the russians in empire tw, 
  just the thought of google translate attempting a finno-ugric language is hilarious, 
  just fly in to new york , tell them your porzingis 's cousin , and they 'll probably leave you alone . 
  ravioli , ravioli , give me the primitivo-oli, 
  all part of our master plan to export american idol to the uk, 
  found the scot, 
  lmao you canadians and your quebec, 
  try the us , it 's got to be like 10 %, 
  agglomeration still has benefits for jobs & employment , also , it 's far more environmentally friendly than taking up tons of living space in 10,000 people towns ( i know you 're exaggerating though ) . 
  to your other point though , yes , the omg largest building ever skyscrapers of today are a total waste of resources . 
  crazy how that goes . 
  london actually has protected * views * which amazes me . 
  happening here too in places like portland and san francisco , it sucks . 
  in this situation it benefits putin to work with those people . 
  it 's outright cronyism and very reminiscent of feudalism , but the last thing russia needs is wahhabism to infiltrate . 
  yeah gon na need a source on that `` origin '' . 
  that 's overly-simplistic, 
  their business model appears to be `` evade regulations to remain profitable until we accumulate enough vc money to research and develop self-driving cars '' , and they 're being pretty obvious about it . 
  that 's what i 've heard , they 're hawks who 'll drive you 30 mins out of the way since they know you wo n't know better . 
  * irresponsible * americans do , personally i think uber is vastly overrated but the support on reddit might just as likely come from paid shills . 
  is it really that pricey ? 
   being able to sell a service that is identical to another company 's but without any regulations and bypassing tax is called unfair competition . 
  well said . 
  there 's something similar happening in a number of cities here , specifically san francisco is cracking down on their mid-to-long-term rentals because housing is so scarce . 
  hahahahaha well said . 
   a single currency means , country 's with massively different economic needs were all forced to adopt the same economic policy . 
  exactly . 
  there are huge differences between the economies of many of the countries . 
  sounds like the us media . 
  exactly , this is 2017 in europe and we can stand up against these silly cultural things . 
  they need to hit them in the wallet and crack down on the funding from abroad , plain and simple . 
  investigate their ties to terrorists and lock up the ones that have ties . 
  but otherwise the funding flow from ksa needs to be addressed . 
  honestly , what the fuck was the point of the comment they made ... 
   how is it a political gain to shut down this university ? 
  i ca n't see why would it be positive at all for fidesz , other than distracting everyone of everything else . 
  by quashing opposing ideologies you indirectly weaken your political opponents by diminishing their support base and ideological development . 
  what about midsize cities ? 
  it 's amazing how well this applies to the us as well . 
  what the fuck ? 
  does n't this severely reduce the school 's competitiveness ? 
  bingo , oust an opponent stronghold while pandering to their base . 
  correct , same for latin languages the 2nd-person singular informal is for * thou *, 
  * damn brits *, 
  and final fantasy xii, 
  what 's really interesting is the whole `` do '' phenomenon like `` do you have plans '' or `` do you x '' supposedly is a relic of ancient celtic language influence . 
  deadliest catch theme incoming ... 
  holy shit my sympathies to the russians here , stay safe . 
  i know , god forbid we find some way to not have the sub ( like the rest of reddit sometimes ) be saturated with politics, 
  wow , those na/no numbers are susprisingly high, 
  lmao right out of a bad porn sketch, 
  so that 's where we got it from, 
  seconded, 
  it 's just a water bottle brand here , nothing spectacularly special lol . 
  i think it 's owned by nestle here . 
  tell them to save some for the whales !, 
  ( the expression we use here ), 
  how long before mr. tillerson 's medal of friendship is revoked lol ? 
  it 's a general comment made as a humorous remark , i actually studied with a professor that wrote a book on belgium . 
  chill, 
  even their own internals will be compromised . 
  do n't like industrial espionage ? 
  too fucking bad !, 
   exposing billions to attack . 
  even corporations will get * fucked *, 
  right exactly . 
  it 's downright exploitative and going to kill our economy in the long run . 
  i know a lot of people with a lot of debt . 
   i 'm just going to say this attitude has never worked well in history , countries have only been successful when they had an actually sense of solidarity . 
  unity makes strength , all that . 
  god forbid people overcome regional differences and talk about reaching some kind of consensus . 
   well , maybe it 's also a case of the other half of their country letting them down . 
  the belgians i know are mostly flemish ( and westflemish since i 'm in lille ) and the treatment and general opinion on walloons that comes from flanders is pretty disheartening . 
  let me guess , that they 're a bunch of poor , moronic hicks when in reality places like pittsburgh & columbus are absolutely fantastic to live in and thriving with intelligent people . 
  also the general tone of the torysphere is `` bullying '' these days, 
   it 's more connected to the simple rule : `` money creates more money '' . 
  exactly . 
  these people have financial advisors and family to tell them what to do , as well . 
  they do n't need to think . 
  and it 's in everything, 
  lol i realize that, 
   shakira law did gerard pique get elected pm of spain or something ? 
  ah , the american playbook . 
  that 's hilarious, 
  what the hell ? 
  they were just walking on by your house and walked in ? 
  edinburgh seems like a cool trip . 
  florida 's like , `` why you hef to be mad '', 
  agree to disagree with you there , i know a retired general who is informed on it, 
  yeah i think they 're due for an economic awakening of sorts , but population growth will surely level out at a certain point . 
  perhaps he had an in being around people on rt. 
  france and scotland team up to block england 's application lol, 
  crazy , i just got an ad from them today, 
  seriously . 
  i 'm not a fan of soros by any stretch but * dude *, 
  trump said he 's going to `` leave them alone '' . 
  someone must have informed him it 'd be a double standard to prosecute clinton with all the other improprieties going on around the government . 
  because if he decided to prosecute clinton , he could be next . 
  you can cross ` investigate hillary ' out, 
  tragic day , i fear for my family in the uk that their standard of living will gradually drop .
