   unofficially the reason for the bland name is so it could be renamed nazarbayev without protest when the kazahk dictator dies * puke * kazakhstan seems like it is n't a horrible place to visit or do business just hamstrung by dictatorship . 
  if they got a democracy going i wonder if they could become a powerhouse . 
  * looks at astana * wow that 's awkward , like a vegas knockoff, 
  lol i 'm not sure what they 're called in britain , row houses is n't the right phrase . 
  but they 're very cookie-cutter . 
  row houses in places like baltimore , philadelphia , nyc , i 've seen plenty of nice ones, 
  perhaps it says something about places i 've been that i do n't find the club in that article particularly egregious outside of generic blandness and trashiness, 
  definitely takes the cake among some of the more plastic world planned cities i 've seen . 
  canberra always struck me as an odd one too . 
  britain always amazes me with the council and row houses , seem so dull . 
  yeah mk is bland af aside from like the one square . 
  fake news brigade is ramping up in support of her , hope macron and the rest can withstand it . 
  nonsense , hillary vs. trump was 67-31 on election night according to silver . 
  brexit was within margin of error . 
  that 's exactly right and i wish that was more well-known . 
  it 's exactly what we need here in the us : mass stimulus or on the flip-side , student loan debt forgiveness . 
  shame that our societies as a whole seem to be moving away from liberal ideals . 
  is n't singapore rent outrageous ? 
  privatization and public goods are by definition incompatible . 
  outcomes in privatization do not always maximize public good by whatever metric used to define it , so sometimes they are absolutely ineffective at anything beyond cronyism . 
  asking for ~ ~ myself ~ ~ a friend : and how do you say that ? 
  if the eu simply recouped some of that money that is being offshored , evaded in taxes , or curtailed `` wage theft '' there would be more funds available . 
  also , corruption in places like italy and spain certainly do not help the tax coffers . 
  austerity is absolutely not the answer , economic data shows that it does n't work . 
  and privatization does n't work either . 
  precisely . 
  human nature tbh . 
   productivism , consumerism and mercantilism . 
  interesting that you say this , since from the us it appears that the eu is actually a beacon of civil society * successfully combating * the sort of capitalist power creep we get here in the us . 
  look mom , kazakhstan !, 
  surprised she has n't hired a lobbyist to hook you up with a greek girl !, 
  he 's so not bothered that he put all that effort into getting trump elected !, 
  the stuff like ugly highrises being built today, 
  it 's a bit weird that we have n't heard anything from france . 
  unless they do n't want to reveal what they know ... 
  i 've definitely been doing my part with all the wine i buy, 
  all the '' '' `` modern '' '' '' stuff it looks good sometimes but does n't feel organic or fit in to the city at all . 
  have you seen the manchester united branded one ? 
  and then fired at kim jong-un 's palace ? 
  i can get behind this, 
  rock , paper , scissors , wall ? 
  absolutely hilarious, 
  yeah there 's a host of legal issues with all this, 
  that bosphorus video never fails to make me laugh, 
   \u00c9der, 
  * too soon *, 
  just subcontract those czechs building the tank-beers for it, 
  interesting how that whole continuum of germanic languages works ... except the nordic ones just sound really weird to me for some reason because of some of the pronunciations . 
  need to make sure our money only goes to `` friendly rebel bikes '', 
  did you die ? 
  nah , i was thinking more like burn notice, 
  * michael bay *, 
  yes !, 
  i can see the explosions in the background, 
  less humidity than there 'd be in russia, 
   peace that 's what you say ... you ca n't fool us with your little trojan horses !, 
  ^ ^ can ^ ^ you ^ ^ send ^ ^ one ^ ^ our ^ ^ way ^ ^ pls ? 
  that makes sense , outside of luxembourg city there are n't nearly as many people or demand for real estate ( beyond investors ) . 
  wow , that 's a lot more reasonable than i thought but yeah , sounds like you have to be pretty wealthy to afford something in the city . 
  * laughs in castilian *, 
  wow , my condolences . 
  they wear shirts ? 
  embarrassment for the * world *, 
  not like they can just tell all the people from india , pk , hong kong , and wherever else to just stop coming to the uk ... not to mention middle east refugees, 
  how much even is it to buy property in luxembourg ? 
  has to be astronomical . 
  i thought ... latvia was nice compared to other eastern europe ? 
   that sub really went the way of / r/politics sigh, 
  wow that 's actually really funny, 
  and experts at dark humor, 
  this is pretty hilarious, 
  has messaging like this ever actually worked ? 
  people who walk around the street staring at their phone and get in your way or bump into you . 
  oh , so roads in the us during the summer ? 
  brb , going to go make negative tripadvisor reviews about the grand canyon so people start coming here less !, 
  good luck from usa !, 
  please, 
  i would n't be surprised if they used some nasty palm oil + artificial sweetener version, 
  i mean on climate change in general, 
   they have grown a class of people that thinks climate change is a hoax so there is less internal pressure than in other developed countries . 
  so instead of taking responsibility on themselves , they pushed it onto other countries . 
  trump acting like an idiot on this issue is a mask to cover that . 
  you 're probably referencing the lower-middle class white `` trump voter '' stereotype which is fine , but the real culprits of this are the class of donors that are paying for politicians to deny climate change . 
  and then the organizations they own that promote climate skepticism in the media . 
  it might * seem * like there is less internal pressure from the people on climate change , but in reality there is quite a bit but the political system does n't respond to it at the moment because of the incredible amount of money the koch brothers et al are throwing around to buy legislators . 
  look at how climate change was barely discussed in the 2016 election because trump denied it and clinton was lukewarm on it and even had a fracking lobbyist in her team . 
  oil companies pay a lot to keep the status quo going . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i think nutella is gross, 
  do n't wan na close my eyes i do n't wan na fall asleep 'cause i 'd miss you , baby and i do n't wan na miss a thing, 
  i was gon na say , let 's get some graffiti of these guys smooching, 
  that 's a loooooooooooong driveway to back out of, 
  i 'm out at 14:00 here , ha !, 
  found l. ron hubbard, 
  is this r/europe or r/worldnews ? 
   i mean you get translators provided by the government now that 's cushy, 
  nobody 's forcing anything , they just make it the default thing, 
   db slimy bastards . 
   bnp what have they done lately ? 
  yeah , except consumers can just choose another service lol . 
  there are hundreds of free email clients and if there are enterprises storing data and it just gets `` shut off '' they 'll face massive lawsuits from everywhere on the continent .
