  insane . 
   but gs drives commodity speculation like crazy , i can only imagine them hoarding futures contracts, 
  it 's scummy bankers vs. more responsible ones . 
  who 's worse , them or chase ? 
  ha , i 'm definitely stealing that quote then , that 's hilarious . 
  i bet you 're an ajax supporter too , you bandwagoner !, 
  they 've manipulated the us media expertly . 
  i love how they 've exposed the media 's slant & biases , but i fear too many americans are still ignorant about the true state of the propaganda campaign ( using the term `` russian hacking '' does n't help ) . 
  rt had some masterstrokes during the campaign season . 
   orb\u00e1n i really wonder how deep the corruption & links to authoritarians go . 
  since i have n't really researched fidesz i 'm sure i 'm quite ignorant of what the hungarian people already know though . 
   syria our own media reported many times on the rebels being a lost cause yet other media outlets shamelessly pushed the talking points that we were funding moderates and needed more intervention ( manufacturing consent ) . 
  i may just be regurgitating talking points when i say this but it 's hard for me to say otherwise than that if the us had stayed out of it the syria situation would have ended years ago and with much less destruction . 
  but then , if you believe the reports that qatar & saudi arabia basically asked for assad to be overthrown then our government 's motivation makes more sense . 
   european-led intervention in libya eh , you can blame us for that . 
  the us was a big part of getting that going even as we were selling weapons to the powers that fund terrorists and weapons were getting lost on their way to syria . 
  all part of the great game of history, 
   this `` but usa is basically the same just with better pr '' is exactly the kind of lie russian propaganda is pushing . 
  rt are * fantastic * at the false equivalences - cnn loves to use them to push their agenda & create controversy but rt is really fantastic at getting you to create your own . 
  johan ? 
  / r/soccer uses it a little bit lol, 
   i only pretend to know state secrets to get the free , high quality russian hookers . 
  to russia with love ? 
  honestly , 500m of money laundering ... 
  against the tourists !, 
   they influence what gets on the local equivalent of breitbart this is what 's so interesting to me about this , how the westerners are so willing to help them although perhaps even steve bannon and the crowd are just useful idiots to them . 
  perhaps it 's just people like robert mercer ( who backs breitbart ) knowing they 'd benefit from a breakdown of institutions . 
  spot on , the facebook morons lap it up and share it unknowing . 
   the czech service bis practically sent anyone who was active before the democratic transition guess it 's necessary . 
   nothing is true , everything is possible . 
  and putin is exploiting the western media 's own weaknesses , specifically how they will chase stories for profit and how they will always uphold the establishment since they rely so heavily on access journalism . 
  basically the definition of double-edged sword . 
   kiddo do n't you mean comar ? 
  lot of countries , as you know still have not started trusting them again lol, 
  the whole stagnation period was lethal , huge lack of reforms that could have modernized them . 
  their institutions just did n't keep up though . 
  in my campaign they always got bogged down in continuous war with russia lol, 
  think about the romans - all the way from lisbon to ctesiphon, 
   `` artillery adds dignity , to what would otherwise be an ugly brawl '' - frederick the great pretty astounding actually lol, 
  i like your approach , but i myself might not phrase it the same . 
  going on offense a la russia with some propaganda ( for lack of better word ) of its own might be the best move for the eu right now . 
  not as in `` fake news '' , but just blasting pro-democracy / pro-union messaging out would be the right strategy imo . 
  * victory condition filled, 
  like that ms paint version, 
  happy st. paddy 's day especially to you all out in county mayo !, 
   get in have the craic and get out before sun down well done , a good strategy imo . 
  the uber surge prices lol, 
   st patrick was roman-british huh , that 's really interesting . 
  i always figured he was 3-400 years later in history . 
  looking forward to this dinner i 've been preparing , it 's about to kick some serious ass !, 
  green everything !, 
  i 'll be contemplating my favorite beers , thank you . 
  could n't understand them with all the kamel\u00e5s\u00e5, 
  the picture 's been unfolding slowly but it reeks of rico-related activities . 
  does that include a free flight ? 
  hmb , i 'll start digging . 
  political engagement here is so garbage , people are terribly uninformed and the consumerism drives me crazy . 
  clinton 's campaign relied on a certain element of celebrity to get her votes , that 's how debased the whole campaign was . 
  someone should inform the may government that agreements are generally done between multiple parties . 
  the tories are so god damn stupid . 
  and so is labour , for that matter . 
  and so is ukip , for that matter . 
  strikes me as sturgeon stirring the pot to try and make their party seem relevant . 
  no , not at all . 
  he 's much closer to bush 2 policy-wise than people like to admit , he just does n't do the window-dressing and pr , he 's openly shitting on the country . 
  yep , i 've come to the conclusion she was used as a useful idiot for the propaganda tool . 
  i 'm not really too fond of the green party tbh mainly because of how unorganized and shit they are but i was n't voting for either of the two main parties , that 's for sure . 
  amazes me how orban stays in office , like hungary seems like a really civilized place . 
  but i guess he 's tough on refugees at the right time . 
  not really , by the numbers : 50 % election turnout -  clinton won by 3 million votes for popular vote roughly 50-50 split between those so trump got 25 % of total lot of people just vote based on party so trump got those people just on the fact he was running gop and people hated clinton . 
  so my guess is somewhere around 10 % ( probably smaller , closer to 7 % ) of the population actually supports him and his platform . 
  the other 15 % that voted for him is a combo of various things . 
  happens when 95-ish % of our media is run by 6 for-profit companies . 
  that is so irrelevant . 
   and the abundance of such places is amazing for a country that everyone calls prosperous . 
  absolutely . 
  instead of bringing up the usual trope of crap inner cities , i 'll bring up instead rural america which many places have so little access to resources like good healthcare , good education , social services . 
  it 's like a completely different country than the cities in some places , like rural idaho or wyoming , there 's literally nothing there and the government is run by thieves . 
  economically they 're completely desolate due to urbanization so there are drug problems as well . 
   very wrong . 
  same goes for quality of life . 
  what 's your implication , the us has better qol than the eu ? 
  sure it somewhat depends on where you 're at in the us or the eu but that 's insane to say as a general term . 
  qol is generally good , but things like healthcare and education are outrageously fucked . 
  this is the impression i get , people like americans ( when they 're not being embarrassing as tourists or ignoramuses ) but dislike the us government . 
  thanks , i knew people who voted for him but i voted green myself ( could n't stomach voting for dems after the primary corruption against sanders ) . 
  * gags *, 
  lol , can we just stop calling people fascists & nazis ? 
  it 's desensitizing people to the term . 
  i 'll add there was an interesting dynamic to this : trump actually flipped a decent number of people within categories like that who voted for obama twice and the clinton campaign expected would go for them . 
  the lack of a positive message from the left really hurt them . 
  pathetic piece of crap . 
   also got investigated by the secret service for ties to the erdogan-regime . 
  i 'd bet seriously that erdogan 's prop ministers have a hand in their messaging . 
   i did not dispute that , but coming from a country where a party that got 4 million votes ( 12,6 % of total ) recieved 1 seat out of 650 that 's not a bit rich , but richer than soros . 
  had to laugh at this , especially considering our system as well . 
   but lately ... they seem to have got much more ... dishonest ? 
  got to play pr for may & trump lol, 
  do n't want to accuse them of projection , but dang . 
   we created a system , where having a child is a hobby , not necessity .
