  which has the positive aspect of ensuring better quality of life for all the kids imo, 
  good work today nl , however : i 'm damn jealous of you all . 
  am i the only one who thinks dionne stax on npo is gorgeous ? 
  the actual quotes in french are pretty bad . 
  their lobbying numbers would amaze you too . 
  monaco 2 - 1 city 250:1 wilders gets a new haircut, 
  fuck it , put one at a rest stop on the afsluitdijk ( are there rest stops ? ), 
  yeah they found serious stuff iirc . 
  if you visited it in an unprotected window a whole bunch of stuff activated . 
  try road trips here lol, 
  surprised forbes has n't hacked themselves with their website that installs malware on your pc, 
  i 'm picturing a polling station in the water , would be perfect . 
  you paddle up to it and vote . 
  `` i would 've gotten away with it too if it were n't for you meddling kids ! '', 
  i heard currywurst was spicy but damn, 
  * russian empire intensifies *, 
   `` how should i know his age ? 
  i have 6 children , it \u00b4 s hard to notice such things . '', 
  the fuck, 
  an ant has tangibly different psychological indicators of suffering and sentience than a flamingo , for one . 
  so there 's no real difference between the parties ? 
  so that means a shift left or where ? 
  think about who 's in charge of the government atm . 
  i 'm not hungarian , but happy national day !, 
  one day maybe i 'll be lucky and visit budapest !, 
  the global economy is just moving towards increasing stratification due to technological advances and globalization . 
  thankfully the eu provides a bulwark against that effect going unchecked . 
  look at our country , for example . 
  seven years in * tibet * ? 
  now that 's impressive , a feat only few could match . 
  let 's not let the fact that the warriors blew a 3-1 lead distract you from the fact that gert-jan segers lived in egypt for seven years . 
  better yet , give them a [ bag ] ( https://dicksbymail.com/?variant=29025852365 ) of dicks !, 
  53 days `` floyddit dick eating bet on french election . '', 
  i have not been to toronto , but the impression i get is that toronto is far more international than chicago , and also far safer . 
  chicago can turn really shitty , really quick if you 're in the wrong spot . 
   one can say `` death to all left handed people '' , but when the election is over , that will just water down to `` mild displeasure to all left handed people '' . 
  and from there to , `` i fart in your general direction left-handed people '', 
  you 'll get a laugh at this then , it 's a political operative in the us who worked with the clintons . 
  i always joke he has the same hairdresser as wilders http://cloudfront.mediamatters.org/static/uploader/image/2015/09/14/brock.jpg, 
  he 's a pretty big neoliberal right ? 
   the us is the worst as the third party vote is worth about as much as a spoiled ballot . 
  it gets counted but that is about it . 
  * sigh * . 
  honestly though , part of this simply has to do with how shit their organization is . 
  jill stein was a joke at times . 
   yeah , but when you have a grievance you do n't vote out of spite to make your standing even worse ... or do you ? 
   like the old trump voters in us who have been informed that their health insurance premiums will raise 5 fold with the new republican healthcare plan . 
  unfortunately , the number of people that understand healthcare policy in the us is quite low , and that includes even people in government . 
   mark rutte said it himself , most pvv voters are not just angry racists . 
  they are uncertain about their future and the future of their country the right response . 
  if only the stupid incompetents in the democratic party would have said this instead of condescending to everyone . 
  he 's becoming like an annoying talking head in civ , babbling and bothering you with no real point or teeth behind him . 
  i think that 's absolutely apt . 
  i do n't think wilders-trump is even close to a good comparison imo , it just works for soundbytes . 
  i would n't be surprised if putin was playing erdogan for a fool . 
  handpicked successor a la medvedev , who tows the party line . 
  just making fun of dishonest people using doublespeak, 
  i 'm joking , cool your jets . 
  they literally did consider privatizing medicare & social security at one point though . 
  imo it 's not the open bans such as those subs that are the real censorship here on this site . 
  they 're used as examples by people affected , but a far bigger problem is the manipulation by advertisers . 
  obvious troll, 
  * checks your flair * oh i see . 
  though i imagine just because of population numbers & wealth that could cause a gap in qol . 
  just like i `` m sure there 's a gap between rome & napoli . 
  my take on deep dish : i had it at giordano 's ( one of those marquee places people talk about ) and thought it was good , but i 'm not a fan of excess crust , literally the whole concept of deep dish , so i do n't go out of my way for it . 
  there 's a ton to do in the city though , so it 's worth a drive whenever . 
  even navy pier which is touristy has its charm . 
  the whole lakefront + wrigleyville is very cool . 
  exactly . 
  housing affordability matters . 
  what in the fuck . 
  university of virginia created a `` racial dot map '' of the us once ( a few years ago ) and displayed the demographics around the country as dots in the various cities , there are so many cities where segregation is a bad problem . 
  many of the midwest & east coast ones excluding florida are bad . 
   i felt really let down by sf . 
  i guess it was all the hype . 
  i do n't know . 
  nyc is a truly amazing city . 
  sf was just very meh , imo . 
  a big problem i 've seen in the us , though , is that you see incredible wealth ( e.g. 
  in san francisco or seattle ) and then literally turn the corner and see the most shocking scenes of poverty . 
  exactly . 
  depending on when you visited ( i.e. 
  if it was in the past 5 years or earlier , sf has turned into a place that only the super-rich can afford to live . 
  it 's a far cry from the place it was when i visited there 10 years ago . 
  the `` bohemian '' element to it has just been priced out . 
  cities like nyc , chicago , la , they still have affordable sections so those diverse interests can still exist there . 
  i 'm partial to la myself , but i 've been to chicago and liked it ( too damn cold though ) . 
  yeah honestly , i do n't know how they can not factor in housing prices in this . 
  housing prices are damn near * out of control * in some parts of australia & nz ( and of course , as you mentioned places like sf ) . 
  no entertainment for people that like music either !, 
  shit opera , shit orchestra , awful !, 
  is it really that bad ? 
  i 've heard it 's quite dirty and packed with tourists but not `` unliveable '', 
  ahhh , like the gop here . 
  `` we want to ` reform ' medicare by handing it over to our private vendors '', 
  in mother russia , you 're the pokemon !, 
  pigs even further , and dolphins further than that . 
  is your point we should ignore animal intelligence ? 
  that was before he went berserk .
