  when you run out of things to talk about , and you 're under threat another source will get out a story first , you start throwing morality and sanity out the window . 
  at times this results in utterly dumb reporting , at others in stories that are of dubious merit . 
  see -  cnn on malaysia airlines , cnn on riots & shootings , fox on basically anything , and so on . 
  my arse edit : you did n't see the `` strong and stable my arse '' posters ? 
  you joke but how do you think elites in that country protect their nest eggs ? 
  that 's happening all over the world though ... cities are becoming hubs of multiculturalism . 
  is it airbnbs ? 
  eder for honorary economic minister to keep the winning going ? 
  what the fuck is in the water in the uk ? 
  even as they 're pushing for `` hard '' brexit which is clear insanity ? 
  lol, 
  ah , so very much like how small-towns in america are dying . 
  that 's my point , they seem to have really let the extremists out of the bag . 
  that reminds me , the surge in births should be coming up soon since it 's 9 months past . 
  is there a `` decaying north '' of any significant size ? 
  i was under the impression cities like lille and perhaps arras were a little depressed but nothing like `` decaying '' . 
  are they ? 
  their only policy platforms lately seem to be drifting ever-more right-wing . 
  yes , aside from perhaps some lightly-anti-immigrant language . 
  feel like you left out a pig emoji or something lol, 
  not sure how * franckish * sounds but sure, 
  you really expect local american papers to cover it that much ? 
  it 's very out-of-sight , out-of-mind for the vast majority of people who also , do n't know or care about french politics . 
  lol ca n't imagine what year that is from, 
  * swears in unintelligible german *, 
  that 's because it was really murdoch and his crowd in the drivers ' seat imo . 
  sounds about right . 
  right . 
  the system was created because of lobbying by pharma . 
  the whole medical insurance industry is just a racket . 
   just as an example , i 've been to san francisco , it 's a great city . 
  but their city center had more beggars and homeless people than a bad neighborhood of bucharest . 
  and sf is one of the richest cities on the planet . 
  sf has extreme income inequality . 
  antwerp as well faded with the rise of the dutch right ? 
  maybe it 's someone that used to live in germany and misses lidl ? 
  it 's ok . you all gave us pulisic . 
  it 's fucking humid too is n't it ? 
  this whole thread ... . we should blow it up, 
   i guess the eu has an issue with communication and making people aware of what the commission and council do . 
  every populist , nationalist and their mother are using brussels as a scapegoat . 
  not even that , like in the uk government that 's sold itself out is blaming the consequences on brussels, 
  is n't that kind of thing in fallout 4 though ? 
  i 'm in a 5 person house , so it 's spread out . 
  but yeah , that 's why i said i 'm not complaining . 
  more like how tf anywhere is cheap enought o live on $ 150 that is n't africa . 
  there are ~ ~ dozens ~ ~ a few of us !, 
  i 'm not complaining lol , and i do n't eat burgers tbh . 
  i 'm a latin american cuisine guy myself, 
  exactly . 
  it 's cheap as hell for where i live , but this blyat lives on $ 150 ?!? 
  what the shit , i literally live in the cheapest place i could find in my city that is n't in a neighborhood i 'll be robbed in, 
  that 's a 3rd of my rent costs ... wtf, 
  wait till you see the video where a guy crashes the super star destroyer one into it and breaks them ... 
  pbs & frontline are the same , nyt is american , economist is american ( though the owner is very partisan - lynn forester de rothschild ) , vox is iirc owned by comcast , reuters is uk , and aje is qatar . 
  i agree with you that frontline makes the best investigative docs though . 
  what about north dakota , that is on both sides of the river iirc, 
  is n't it the opposite lol ? 
  northern italy is fashion & manufacturing and southern has the best pizza, 
  volcanoes !, 
  eder taking revenge !, 
  is this the new rickroll for french people ? 
  each of these stories just helps propagate the narrative that they 're just opportunistic people but it is just a tiny percentage of the whole . 
  they have to deal with supporters of sporting , benfica , and porto !, 
  some of the sound shifts in the vowels & consonants never cease to confuse me when i consider the language came from latin . 
  the eu financial capital moving from london to frankfurt or madrid will be a nice boost imo . 
  you bring up some great points - i can only speak to the situation in our country though . 
  unfortunately here , the media has become highly politicized and is highly profit-oriented . 
  media companies lobby politicians heavily for favorable policies and even if they are n't rewarded with policy the political system rewards media companies with access for stories so the media company can report on them . 
  this is what 's known as `` access journalism '' and it 's exactly what you see from networks like cnn and fox : the shameless unquestioning attitude towards the politicians the networks are friendly with . 
  also , there is a sort of patronage system in place for ex-political operatives to become media heads on these networks if they are out of work . 
  here 's your answer for us : 95 % of all media outlets are owned by 5 companies in total ( national amusements , 21st century fox , time warner , disney , and comcast ) . 
  murdoch owns 21st century fox obviously and his son runs it , comcast 's controlling supershares are owned by its ceo ( son of the company 's founder ) , and national amusements which owns viacom & cbs has the redstone family at the top of it . 
  it 's a sad state here as well . 
  * just what i 'd expect you to say *, 
  should just shade in a huge block for jokes and call it moscow, 
  is texas the southeast or southwest , or both ? 
  here here, 
  both configurations have their merits . 
  imo so long as historical buildings are adequately preserved and developers are regulated i see no problem ( unless you have a landmark that needs protected skylines ) with a few skyscrapers . 
   you mean the palace of culture ? 
  nobody cares enough to finance demolition , cleaning up , and building sth else for all the institutions that now use the building . 
  and many ( but not all ) think it 's history - so good or bad you should preserve it . 
  perfectly reasonable imo , too expensive to knock it down when you could use it i suppose, 
  mr. poutine , is that the montreal canadiens ' new mascot or something ? 
  well , it could be less cyclical than spain in their tourist industries ? 
  * floating on the water horizontally , france *, 
  eh , the free world is pretty damn big right ? 
  * relevant username * i suppose, 
   having the brazilians that immigrated there in the past 80 years bitch and moan about invasion that 's just weird . 
  well , i suppose they could have been eating tortillas while they signed it ? 
  yes thanks , i imagined it was talked about a lot in lusophone spheres but for the us , it 's pretty invisible . 
  some definite atrocities went on in brazil , but it 's largely un-talked about * here * since it 's not about the english or spanish empire unfortunately . 
  treaty of tordesillas turned out to be quite the bargain . 
  they 're not sending their best ... 
  good to know lol , i 'm not surprised . 
  also , security concerns with isis around and an easy scapegoat for all your problems ( eu ), 
  sweeping democratic changes enacted by referendum is looking like the strategy of the year . 
  [ interesting how fast they are counting ] ( https://twitter.com/marklowen/status/853625824129536000?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw&amp;ref_url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.theguardian.com%2fworld%2flive%2f2017%2fapr%2f16%2fturkey-referendum-recep-tayyip-erdogan-votes-presidential-powers ), 
  you could tell even from here that there was strong bias,
