  if only people answered how they actually think . . 
  how about usa and australia https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenci, 
  it 's a good extension but you get way less comments that way and not everyone on youtube is a prick though , 
  idk there 's a guy with a profile name donald j. trump who connected breivik with isis and calls for mass murder in europe ... yt comments are the worst, 
  people like to poke fun at london for being rainy while our city holds the european record ... 
  this is some top banter in here, 
  hang on neighbours , we are shit out of luck : /, 
  i have no fucking idea what we need those for but i know it was a scandalous business, 
  reminds me of protestants smuggling translated bible books in barrels :d, 
  what is drugs, 
  well people care because it 's an attack on their identity, 
  bled really is a national gem, 
  in such a corrupt country i doubt it was a fair play, 
  it was a remark regarding the government but sounded a bit offensive, 
  well those wastelands far to the east are pretty useless, 
  it 's drowning in corruption so no surprise, 
  just go to the west , i mean if nobody gives a shit about a country being occupated then nobody should complain . 
  look at the middle east , noone gave a single fuck until people started running , not to mention the useless uae and sa not giving the slightest fuck about what 's going on infront of them, 
  it 's funny because that girl is so white i bet she 's whiter than this guy, 
  if you want to ruin your day internet is the best place to go to . 
  actually that 's not that surprising because often bashing on a race or ethnicity is the first offensive thing that comes to some people 's minds besides the outer appearance . 
  i know in my country people from other former yu are targets of offensive slurs and scapegoats because of language differences . 
  if they ca n't bash an ethnicity they will hate on the region you come from ... but on the bright side xenophobia is considered a negative trait here so only idiots or backward conservatives behave like that, 
  i strongly believe the majority of people do n't think like that though , atleast people prone to progressive society . 
  imagine a racist or a xenphobe who voted for gay rights or something like that . 
  i would find that very ridiculous and hypocritical, 
  i mean look at that girl , how white do you have to be by your standards then ? 
  well being a muslim is not an ethnicity after all, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4k7s0g/polish_girl_who_complained_of_classroom_racism/ yep i remember that, 
  you 're deluded and paranoic, 
  this guy simply hates the opposite gender, 
  set up rainwater tanks, 
  well guess we have no other choice but to either house the refugees or finally stabilize syria and put an end to this . 
  or you know , just look the other way , like all those rich arab countries nearby . 
  i said ridiculously small compared to non-refugees . 
  you know , north africa , afghanistan . 
  the number would n't be so high if they accepted only people from the actual warzones, 
  it 's actually a common knowledge and has been since fall 2015 , just like the fact that women and children are the minority of all the immigrants . 
  well there really would not be a necessity for a refugee limit because the number of actual refugees is ridiculously small compared to the number of crisis exploiters aka economic immigrants, 
  entirely different situation, 
  one does not simply compete with the chinese, 
  it 's 2017 cmon how barbaric, 
  everyone 's nightmare :d, 
  shittier products for shittier ( bigger ) price, 
  it 's the jews again !, 
  we were taught that in geography class, 
  you could call us both but we started to interact with balkan states only after the ww1 . 
  before that we were either together under another ruler or completely separated . 
  language similarity was always there though, 
  you 're not ignorant i myself have n't heard of plenty of genocides mentioned in this subreddit . 
  i have heard of srebrenica though as it happened like 10 hours away from my home, 
  more like `` gorge '' check on images to see what i mean :p, 
  people criticise exploitation of war for them richies like oil, 
  it also shows how weak some people 's minds are, 
  a weak-minded spineless individual would act against their morals , and nature in such an excessive way, 
  nationalism = idea that your nation is above any other of your choice so he 's not far off though, 
  it ' still common today , just look on the intenet comments saying why do n't we just nuke the whole middle east ... 
  if i came across one of these i would be so confused, 
  well it wo n't be yours anymore soon enough though, 
  you may be right about christians but jews are quite often a laughing stock on reddit , just not on this subreddit, 
  that is not true , from austria down to greece we all knew what was coming and closing routes to greece and italy would have been the best thing to do in summer 2015 but countries were ordered to keep migrants coming . 
  that is a weird analogy because in the end the same rules apply to both but from a 3rd person perspective the foreigner 's actions are shittier as he was accepted into a different place and then people quickly make up stereotypes to label whole ethnicities or races , religions , ... making situation actually worse, 
  oh really maybe because i am sick of people trolling such threads and secondly , i usually do n't read the username mr poopgobbler am i supposed to take your word serious or not ? 
  well spaniards had their whole peninsula converted and they celebrate the reconqiusta but that 's it, 
  clap clap you went full retard, 
  guess we sobered up . 
  ( our drivers have n't though ), 
  i guess we are southern europe this time, 
  i would say < 10 here, 
  i am not really surprised , people here mainly go to church during christmas , easter and maybe some other holiday as a way of respecting tradition , but still identify as christians but most of them are posers and do n't know anything beyond the prayers they were taught in their childhoods :p, 
  i do n't know where the downvotes are coming from but there 's nothing to pay for . 
  kick the extremists out . 
  btw to people downvoting me i am right , their politics is basically trying to please migrants in every way while actually doing the damage to the natives and integrated people who want to live in peace and prosperity . 
  yes but our language was not actually recognized in austro-hungary, 
  and getting autonomy in practice meant becoming german speaking, 
  winnetou !, 
  yeah when the post goes to / r/all, 
  swedes are too nice, 
  stop violating the borders, 
  yeah i imagined it would be somewhere by the sea, 
  that jesus hahahaha, 
  i love the lighting, 
  i know it was a joke but my comment was referring to kosovo which was a part of serbia once, 
  hm we never were a part of serbia though :p, 
  i wonder which part of russia is holding that record, 
  calling it a fair game when only 1 side is ready to accept the outcome whether it is in their favour or not ... 
  you clearly misinterpreted my comment . 
  look at the death toll of soviet union in ww2 . 
  they were not stupid `` asiatic hordes '' , but stalin 's ignorance and gulag obsession crippled the leadership of his army . 
  and saying that hitler was a way more skilled tactician is not being a fan of wehrmacht but acknowledging the facts as they are, 
  he was actually a terrible leader . 
  he killed the highest ranking staff in his military due to his paranoia , he got wasted drinking vodka in his holiday cottage in crimea while his soldiers were in the middle of the battle for stalingrad , hitler outplayed him basically but the sheer amount of troops and weather were on his side, 
  we had lots of fun there during our school trip years ago . 
  beer prices are so low that we got shitfaced every day for the whole week :p, 
  national symbol, 
  sir , you 're under arrest for washing your car . 
  and what do we have here ? 
  a swimming pool behind the house hm ? 
  now you 're in for a lot of trouble mister, 
  you did this on purpose did n't you ?
