finally a familiar word, 
  instead of playing with city lights we should think about solutions instead ... 
  deport this fool to north korea , this is ridiculous, 
  secretly we were probably ready for such disgusting thing to happen . 
  europe has changed . 
  all the best to the victims, 
  fully functioning psychopath, 
  interesting . 
  people on forums bitch about the contrary all the time . 
  i like heineken ... 
  `` it was just a prank bro '', 
  look !, 
  they 've taken out their knives already !, 
   maybe get together and really protect our schengen boarders ? 
  should have begun that in fall 2015, 
  italians are shit outta luck though ... what are they going to do , build a fence all around the peninsula ? 
  they are ordered to help ships approaching , not doing so would be similar to just shooting immigrants at the borders . 
  i do n't see eu clapping to that . . 
  i really do n't mind any ethnic group coming here as far as they abide laws and befriend society . 
  not everyone is like me though, 
  7.2 % of my country 's population . . and jews were minority already . 
  my grandmother 's mom was sent to labor camp because of slavic ethnicity . 
  some neo nazi told me she must have been either zionist or a reich traitor xd . 
  100 jews lmao . 
  should have shown this map to some kid who called me a jew and my country deserved occupation for being a jew lover xd, 
  check your privilege !, 
  triggered, 
  i eat it instead of cereal, 
  i bought rakia there when we were on a highschool trip . 
  and some guy jumped off that bridge for some money, 
  in before pope starts a new crusade, 
  rotterdam would be more suitable imo, 
  how do you get a boner for donald duck though, 
  well i certainly do n't feel bad for him getting his ass kicked but i agree it 's not the way to go, 
  they are all kept in / r/pyongang, 
  you were baptised and brought up as a christian basically, 
  that 's more of a national issue . 
  dogs are not meant to wander around the city without a supervisor , besides they are not endangered which is the issue here, 
  interesting , however there are no residents close by afaik, 
  it 's no different than not building a road connection due to a historical artefact , those turbines would be very well welcome though, 
  yes but cats are domestic animals , endangered birds in question live in natural habitats, 
  happy anniversary, 
  i do n't know what to say , most of our land is not suitable for such turbines , only the southwest and implementing them would actually be more positive from the economically viewpoint than environmentally , because we would barely make a difference . 
  it 's up to the big nations whether global warming is to be solved or not . 
  our contribution to it is almost non-existent, 
  well blacks are considerably outnumbered compared to whites, 
  24ur comment section is just a barrel of bad apples trying to make us look bad :d, 
  it 's not the number that is the problem . 
  it 's the protected species i think, 
  the reason why installing one of these is such a fuss is because some people claim that they are dangerous for birds . 
  i would n't know but we like our birds i guess, 
  expanding overseas, 
  i really do n't know how accurate this is , but you would get gossiped at behind your back by your family especially on the countryside . 
  i am surprised by the third picture, 
  you ca n't outnorth iceland, 
  baritone and accordion intensifies, 
  lmao, 
  there 's duolingo but people need some income and plan first before they just leave . 
  then you get countries that are mixed in various regions . 
  like us , or austria and czech rep. 
  that was well put, 
  well according to geography we are central , but also southeastern , as a slavic ethnicity we are southeastern slavs . 
  being called as a part of balkan may be a trigger for some because of the wars and , genocide in the 90s . 
  and we are not proud that it happened despite us not playing any real part of it, 
  could work but to an extent , not like the us and within the eu if not only the eurozone, 
  call of duty 2 a few years ago while it was still active on eu ladders . 
  the dead sea has nothing on the level of salt that was produced there . 
  i have heard a fair share of kanker too :p, 
  imagine the part of the immigrant route disappear like that . 
  * this is not what the map looks like *, 
  well people have wished isis and cancer upon me and my family for me just being good at a particular game so ... 
  try showing that in / r/aww and you will know which brand of underwear this guy wears after a week, 
  the time has come, 
  well the teams whose fans ca n't behave on football matches should then play without audence as a punishment . 
  they did that over here a couple of times and i think it 's for the best, 
  it is history but associating it with the today 's generations is silly , especially during a football match . 
  it really is just a shitty taunting method . 
  7.2 % of slovenia 's population at the time smh, 
  when media goes full stupid, 
  they are doing their best to embellish such discrimination . 
  i wonder which white european nationals would be background checked or prohibited from entering though . 
  the gym is banning people based on their ethnicity . 
  this could be either labeled as racism or xenophobia, 
  funny thing is that most terrorists are of the 2nd immigrant generation , meaning that they were raised as europeans, 
  this pic is clearly an election poster :d, 
  so far we have been everywhere but north, 
  different language groups i assume . 
  \u010cedad is cividale del friuli in italian and the pronounciation is kinda awkward for both if we reverse the names, 
  oh , we have vino , 
  even iceland does n't stand out, 
  ca n't be racist to them :d, 
  my room temperature :d, 
  * practice . 
  their whole culture is n't defined solely by this, 
  laibach gained popularity by it 's controversy and they are the first ones to have performed in north korea . . that 's about them, 
  should stop ripping people off, 
  iceland atleast you 're on the map this time :p, 
  looks like jihad did n't pay out after all . 
  let assad do the thing, 
  lmao,
