bear in mind it can work if you start with shitty premises ( like the us indeed ) . 
  but the more and more you near limits imposed by thermodynamic laws , the harder it is to get here, 
  that would have looked even more awesome , if you had put emissions ( which is what you actually care in the end ) in the graphic . 
  given its reliance on nuclear power , it 's on the [ bottom ] ( http://edgar.jrc.ec.europa.eu/news_docs/c02%20mondiaal_%20webdef_19sept.pdf ) of industrialized countries . 
  you forgot to mention that 's the hi-ren scenario ( page 19 ) , which is looking everything but plausible . 
   the high-renewables scenario achieves the target with a larger share of renewables , which requires faster and stronger deployment of pv , wind power and ste , to compensate for the assumed slower progress in the development of ccs and deployment of nuclear than in 2ds . 
  the newest report on the other hand sees [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vlig7da.png ) as the most viable way , over a `` normal investments '' scenario ^ ^ [ 1 ] ( http://www.iea.org/publications/freepublications/publication/weo-2015-special-report-energy-climate-change.html ), 
  well , they certainly had with their energiewende . 
  in this case though , merkel seems one of the least hippie persons on the earth . 
  as if the majority of people was n't crossing the mediterranean . . 
  ... oh , how scary . 
  not even hitler did something so atrocious . 
  you know . . there 's no gate to close . 
  it 's not your backyard . 
  italy 10 years ago indeed ^ ^ imho, 
  the funny part is that the usa are probably in their most left wing moment of the last couple of decades . 
  that 's why imo they are still * really * living in the past, 
  must be * a lot of * nostalgia . 
  and they must be really really hypocritical then . 
  i mean ... marx would turn in its grave for such a bullshit, 
  i see . . 
  so . . nobody on vlad 's paybook there ? 
  seems odd . 
  yes , those one , sorry, 
  is n't the right that complain about putin being sad ? 
  the point should be that after an error you say : well , it 's useless to despair over spilled milk . 
  better to at least think to next time . 
  in an ideal world , people would apply logic to their feelings too . 
  also , if they already know things could have been better , they even probably have half of a answer . 
  but probably they just do not want to think to it, 
  i do n't know where you live , but everybody i know that had just finished high school found a job . 
  some even before diploma . 
  and i know a 16 years old waiter . 
  also what the hell is this reasoning ? 
  italian authorities are refusing documets to migrants because they do not want to be disliked by eu ... 
  so they keep them here because they also enjoy lot of people to take care of ... wtf ? 
  look that i used * should * in a best case scenario , even those situations would lovely have debates and praise for whoever find wrong doings, 
  as should be the case with life and everything . 
  if less nature means technology , good policies and all , it 's not even like it must be intrinsically bad . 
  though the point is that they 'd have to quadruple ( or even more if they do n't want to still live in famine ) food production . 
  and i do n't see half of the continent very good at supporting intensive agriculture . 
  ok , perhaps really was n't the right word . 
  you mainly have the three state run channels ( rai 1 , 2 and 3 ) which are pretty neutral ( or freaking left wing as my dad loves to say ) , and three private channel ( rete 4 , canale 5 , italia1 ) which are owned by your best lovely silvio berlusconi . 
  and you can see what i 'm saying . 
  they are not even ~ ~ really ~ ~ extremely right biased , though most of times they prefer to talk about murders , celebrity `` scandals '' , and bullshits like that rather than actual concrete politics . 
  then there 's even another channel la7 , which is pretty genuine and concise , but it 's not inside the usual italian `` 6 channels paradigm '', 
  iceland is technically 300 times bigger, 
  i thought it was more about extension . 
  even malta would probably qualify in your list, 
  which ... would mean greece ? 
  perhaps because a couple of years ago the very situation itself was different and way less critic ? 
   it 's seems that when the problem reach certain 3 countries it becomes a problem for the whole union or you could see another correlation with the fact that only now we have a couple of wars around us with thousands and thousands of refugees , which are too many for the normal state of the things . 
  though i 'm not suggesting any causation unlike you, 
  euro-goverance ( that is not only german btw ) said you need to have a good economy to join $ $ they had n't . 
  and they did . 
  so ... you are basically complaining eu is evil because they are angry with those that broke the rules they set in the first place not to have situations like this, 
  greece is into shit thanks to the fantastic people that have hidden its true economy figures 15 years ago . 
  vandals , visigoths , goths , avars , slavs , bulgars , alans , mongols ... and if you just need to adopt the culture of the european peoples , i do n't see the melting plot issue . 
  and huns ? 
  was attila an european ? 
  and so all the other barbarians ? 
   so they need those low paying jobs to survive by themselves . 
  so why the more general low skills jobs the better , while low skills jobs around refugee does n't increase nation wealth ? 
  btw the nice thing of europe is that you can be poor and still be educated enough to not be in that `` low wage limbo '' . 
  and it 's not like i 'm rich or what and i ca n't understand this . 
  but if something can be made with less money , capitalism + globalisation will surely delocalise it . 
  except masons perhaps , but lowest possible wage logic still applies . 
  lol . 
  this is actually a good point . 
  though , there will always be a smaller voting base to which you try to sell the `` we have superior culture '' argument . 
  i mean , i see this all the day in italy , between southerns and northerns . 
  tbh , the extreme right party has now become `` nationalist '' ( rather than the old `` regionalist '' politic ) . 
  thugh , on the local level , they still love to underlines these bullshits . 
  and i hardly see this mentality compatible with spanish , scottish , finnish or romanians `` ideals '', 
  that 's the official cost for a settled person i guess . 
  then , i also hate the idea of creating working places , just for the sake of creating them . 
  though , i do n't see why you are complaining of the reduction of low paying job wages then . 
   40 $ yes , that 's the official figures in italy . 
  do n't know elsewhere . 
   food , clothes , education , public workers , tranlators , buildings , land , homes , medical care all of those are in ... 
  yes . . but that 's employment for local people . 
  and employment is good , right ? 
  we do n't want poor natives unemployed , correct ? 
  hurray for migrants !, 
  ^ ^ ^ / s  immigrants do n't have any skills for the tenth time : a ** refugee ** is not here to steal your jobs . 
  and if you are complaining low skills job are low payed in 21st century , perhaps you should try to live in the 20th, 
  tbh i do n't know how they distinguish between normal irregular immigrants and actual refugees . 
  though , i think it 's stupid to think that they would n't kick them if they had the possibility, 
  except ( at least historically afaik ) protectionism has always been more of a point of the right ( for example , i can think to italy or the us in the 20s ) and anyway that if you consider left and right wing from the economic point of view ( libertarian , liberalist . . etc ) though , at least in my country i mostly see this distinction on the `` issues '' thematic ( would n't know of to call this ) right cries because fourth reich , bloody euro parliament , stupid lbgt rights , goddamn migrants , uber-christian-culture and '' [ mar\u00f2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enrica_lexie_case ) '' . 
  left on the other hand does n't give me the impression they really believe `` we are the best !! '', 
  ( except in election times perhaps ) if any , extreme left may hate ue because it 's too right wing . 
  but in a pure left world , i personally would n't think there would intrinsic problems . 
  on the other hand instead , with a pure right world ... everybody would go apeshit because their countries is almost genetically superior . 
  they are never pretending it does n't exist . 
  99 % of times they are using lexical quibbles to do or not do what they want ( for example , nato responding to 9/11 `` aggression '' ) but if the treaty say : refugee is the person from countries with war , persecution . . etc it 's not like you can say : `` it 's not war , it 's a chess game ! '', 
   secondly treaties that are not enforceable are worthless . 
  not between civilized countries . 
  i mean , you do russia 's figure by saying that well , it 's not valid . 
  goodbye . 
   thirdly those treaties are based on situation in which host country can take refuges without significant impact on their safety or economy .
