we write mean things about the brazilians all the time . 
  we call them poor , they call us poor , they say we are in debt , we tell them they have slums , we tell them they ca n't even speak portuguese , they tell us the same thing . 
  we hate each other even tho we are basicly the same, 
  metallica - fade to black, 
  that happens with my school busssssss !!!, 
  price of a mile is the best, 
  i bet he did tons of lsd, 
  well , at least we are far better than the countries where the byzantine empire occupied , like greece , serbia , bulgaria , turkey, 
  serbia has a gdp of 45 billion dollars per year with a population of 7 million , portugal has 10 millions inhabitants and a gdp of 250 billions per year , so ... no, 
  is that an actual north korean subreddit or just fake for the lolz ? 
  '' and everyday is the right day '' - pink floyd, 
  the 1812 war is the reason why the spanish and portuguese empires fell , it might have been useless but had a huge impact on south america, 
  the best part about it is that he only pulls out after all the liquid is inside of them, 
  this one time i almost died because i puked and it was suck in my troath, 
  just listen to pike 65 and whitewash and you 'll see why he is so good, 
  [ downs bottle of porto wine and lies on floor in foetal position ], 
  duuude tell us more , you ca n't jst say '' i actually had the opportunity to interview him '' and leave us hanging, 
  recent player ? 
  did n't he leave the band in like 2004 ? 
  i am an imgurian , although i visit reddit daily , i never comment , it takes way too much effort , that 's why i prefer imgur , i can just click in the right arrow to switch posts, 
  get out . 
  i know it 's a stupid question , but when exactly do girls start masturbating ? 
  the same age as boys do ? 
  '' do n't get too attached to that character , he 'll die in the next few pages '' - that cat being an asshole, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i am an asshole because i made a game of thrones joke and because i use a 25 euros per month internet supplier ? 
  wait , i am gay ? 
  i did , it all went down to hell , what now ? 
  is it the end ? 
  yeah , what 's next ? 
  living in mars ? 
  my grandmother has a 1880s watch in her house , still works, 
  that 's what i was going to ask , i 've met many germans and they said that their grandpas fought in the war not because they were moved by nationalism but because they were forced to , it was a kill or be killed situation, 
  anyone else feeling like this is fake ? 
  sorry , i 'm not follwing up , so this is really fake ? 
  i have 2 guitars , 1 bass and a piano , no one actually seems to give a shit even though i spend like an hour a day playing them, 
  imo i thought hateful eight was better than django unchained, 
  i personally prefer animals but echoes sure is perfection, 
  oh yeah , almost forgot about atom heart mother , i enjoy obscured by clouds a lot too , i know it was kind of a rushed album because they were working on dark side of the moon but nevertheless , i love it , especially childhood 's end, 
  you can do that already, 
  damn !!, 
  i 'd never guess, 
  i took an arrow in the knee, 
  i 'm glad my parents gave me a ps1 , but i feel sorry for kids nowadays , they have consoles , computers , phones and everything with internet acess , i do n't think 5 year olds should be connected to the outside world like that , they 'll just end up being weirdos that enjoy ` my little pony ' porn, 
  there 's a calm before the storm, 
  will he ever come tour in europe ? 
  gwaaaaannn i envy you, 
  and your mom too, 
  use songsterr, 
  am i witnessing reddit convincing someone to take it in the ass ? 
  a vote for frank underwood is a vote for america works, 
  so that must be why she looks at bill clinton when he is pooping , she is concerned about him, 
  [ remember to love yourself  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jltn3flfmtq ), 
  hell at least the terrorists there die ... 
  even i got offended, 
  i have a charvel ds and love it, 
  i do n't exactly know how good you are but i used to pratice the second part of [ fade to black ] ( https://youtu.be/weqnzs8wl6e?t=3m55s ) , nowadays i pratice [ scarified by paul gilbert ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npga3vjmlge ) having to pick between the 1st string and the 3rd string is a very good exercise i got from him, 
  first city to have an overseas empire , first city to let it fall, 
  you should post the lyrics for the non-portuguese redditors here , a letra da m\u00fasica \u00e9 fant\u00e1stica , 
  i 've always had this little feeling that people in the us get married pretty soon , here in europe most people only get married at the age of like  27, 
  there 's this one brazilian song called 2345meia78 about a man who decides to call every girl on his phone list to get a date , the song is just so funny, 
  oh and there 's also a song called bobby brown by frank zappa , you wont regret listening, 
  cool !, 
  what do you play ? 
  i play guitar and the piano but i use so much of my free time just doing nothing that it pains me to know i could be so much better at them , still , a great part of my free time is dedicated to music, 
  i read somewhere that he uses a drum machine tho, 
  perhaps you should think twice about what your country as done after ww2 , like you know , wars in vietnam and iraq, 
  check his instagram , he has tons of them , 
  yeah , neither can i , that 's why i am asking other people what they like , so that i can listen to the best albuns bucket has , 
  in pike 65 , the 14:00 minutes part where he is just playing riffs and the drum is starting to play louder and louder is just perfect , then he starts soloing at 15:00 min and it is the greatest thing ever, 
  i started learning a few years ago with an acoustic guitar and only used fingers but if you want to use a pick that 's up to you . 
  do n't worry , you 've started playing very recently , you 'll eventually get there, 
  use [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/exu9zlo.jpg ) to learn some basic chords and how to read tabs . 
  for now , you should pratice chords and right hand coordination ( rythm ) . 
  and if you like metal/rock you can also pratice easy stuff like smoke on the water or like the james hetfiled intro of one by metallica, 
  edit : i see some people recomending you justinguitar.com , make sure you visit songsterr.com as well , it is the best guitar website ever built, 
  ok bitch , you can make fun of everything except the food !, 
  you dont fuck with our food !, 
  sometimes i just feel sorry for the person and reply with some short and delayed answer , obviously i 've never spoken to people like this bit if i did i 'd stop replying, 
  i mean , i 'm not a beginner if that 's what you are thinking , i know how to syncronize my hands , i 've been doing this for a few years , however , when doing an arpeggio with no pick , i find it a lot easier to do with short nails . 
  when playing with bigger nails i happen to play on accident more than one string at once almost without feeling it ( since i have no sensibilty in my nail ) . 
  my question is , is doing an arpeggio with small nails a different tecnic than with bigger nails and needs to be trained ? 
  echoes part i live at pompeii ( pink floyd ofc  ) the solo is already perfect there , why change it ? 
  oh and time too , the solo must be done perfectly or else it will be ruined !!, 
  i like this one song too by blue oyster cult called burning for you , the solos are fun , i like to mess with them, 
  i 've eaten 29000 times and still get hungry, 
  racist and close minded ( eh , you said strong not good ), 
  please tell me you still have the same manager, 
  we have a great team and struggle against everyone , you are not special kurwa boy, 
  fucking renato sanches ? 
  quaresma ? 
  if you are portuguese i 'm bloody sure you watched, 
  i honestly have no idea how renato sanches was able to score the penalty , i mean , he is 18 , must have been his first , i 'd be under so much pressure i would n't even be able to move, 
  or maybe some bad luck ? 
  i mean , we pretty much controlled our last few games and still tied them , like iceland , austria ... 
  yeah we were totally robbed lmao , atleast sanches scored 2 minutes later , i guess it 's karma, 
  do n't feel bad bud , us portuguese always go far but never actually win , we always qualify and usually reach the semi-finals just to end up losing ... 
  we are the first to pass the group phase without winning a single game , so , yeah, 
  he did tried, 
  unlike you brits , we did n't lose games ...
