  e estavamos perto do 3-0, 
  there 's a lot of butthurt in r/soccer right now , cheers, 
  what mod is that ? 
  i 'm straight too but i remember one time talking to female friends about guys with long hair , most said they did n't like long hair , so i showed them a picture of david gilmour and said like , `` he is so handsome , right ? '', 
  they agreed, 
  if you use a strat 90 % of the time then its not worth buying guitars like sg or lp , just get a better strat, 
  saw this on r/piano but applies here too , music is like a language , if you are learning a new language and having trouble with the basics you ca n't just go on reading award winning books , if you do , you will have trouble knowing what its written and you will end up misreading everything . 
  so , if you want to pratice the guitar make sure you do it right , do n't jump onto the `` next level '' without being comfortable first, 
  ahah i totally feel you , personally i prefer lp guitars , i have a squier strat , which obviously is not as good as my gibson but i 've played in many different guitars and do n't feel ` home ' . 
  lps are my guitars of choice , if i had 10k i 'd buy `` the guitar '' in which i 'd play 90 % of the time , not many different guitars , i already know that if i were to buy several guitars i would just put them in the closet and play a single one, 
  nihilism gone sexual, 
  caralho is just like carajo ... same for puta and merda/mierda, 
  we just lost ronaldo and those french ccksuckers did n't even get a yellow card, 
  same word for the french, 
  there 's a difference between playing hard and playing dirty, 
  lorde eder salvador de portugal, 
  we will be drinking french whine tonight, 
  that 's not long at all . 
  you are not even paying attention to the show , go watch the kardashians instead , 
  real question is , do you guys like the pike albums ? 
  my favorites are pike 65 and pike 71 , 
  he always has wanky chords and nice licks , i love studying that guy, 
  stop working out , the fatter your belly is the bigger her island will be :d, 
  the only reason my nails are always short is because i play guitar , it 's a win/win, 
  unfortunately , both his parents have already died and it 's wide known that bucket love them very much . 
  unfortunately , you are still alive , do us a favor and stop shitposting, 
  what 's your definition of beginner ? 
  because you can go far with less than that, 
  is that correct ? 
  holy hell , i thought the fear females have of being raped was kind of irrational, 
  i mean , when you have forests that big there 's no way to control what happens inside them, 
  i 'd say he would feel proud, 
  i get my hair washed and properly cut for 5 $ here, 
  i live in portugal , nobody does ... 
  i have no problems opening myself to people , i always let me friends know how i feel like , honestly , they do n't give two shits , i 've been with them for a few years now and they never invite me over to do stuff and i feel like i am always left out , i 've grown so tired out of this that i just think of myself as a failure , and it 's been stuck in a negativity bubble for a long time . 
  i 'm just looking forward to college in the hopes that the friends i make there do n't make me feel mistreated . 
  i mean , i know i kind of look like a little bitch , but i try to change and fail , i just want to stop feeling this way to try to enjoy the youth years i have left . 
  i do n't want to grown old like this way, 
  i ca n't help but think that i 'd be better of if i had done things differently , i want to feel like i 've made them right but that does n't seem to happen, 
  that 's great to hear , thanks , 
  wow dude , how is your wrist now ? 
  i play guitar and started recently with the piano , i seriously love to isolate myself for an hour just messing around with my les paul , i feel like music is such a getaway , ca n't imagine how it would be like to lose my ability to do what i want thanks to a stulid childish decision, 
  it 's kind of weird because i am kind of good looking , girls do say i am cute , and they do n't usually say things like to male friends , i have `` friendzoned '' tons of girls because i was n't interested . 
  meanwhile , i was madly in love for this one girl in my class , ended up being good friends with her because she truely liked me as a friend and not a date , as you can imagine that just made me super sad , she wanted to have fun , not to settle with a boyfriend , still , i was friends with her but i just lost myself for her and have n't fully recovered yet ... ahhhh stupid teenage love ... 
  i feel so stupid lol, 
  it 's such an unknow song , just hendrix playing his guitar for 3 minutes but is so deep and sad , what makes it even sadder is the fact that the audio quality is bad and no one with the proper equipment improves it . 
  maybe i will someday , just maybe, 
  because you have done shit does n't mean you have to be treated like shit, 
  mine is 16 !, 
  yes , he heard the jazz go down, 
  i assume you are american , correct ? 
  why do you fellow americans love driving trucks so much ? 
  we do n't use them in europe unless it 's work related . 
  no it 's not , i 'd do it for 10 $, 
  stan , why you got ta be so mad ? 
  i speak english as second language and try my best to pronounce everything correctly , reading this is making me nervous, 
  if you feel like listening to an instrumental , listen to eletric sea by buckethead, 
  was your grandfather in the ss ? 
  this episode reminded me of ernest hemingway 's farewell to arms , when talking about the americans in the ambulances, 
  i like to think how the world was like when a certain technology first came out , like the radio , and how it changed peoples ' lives . 
  needless to said , i love studying history , knowing that so many have lived before us and have shaped their lives is amazing, 
  give them a vhs player if you want to see them confused , it 's like the stone age of eletronics, 
  ha ha ... ha ... :(, 
  is your girlfriend your hand ? 
  fight back, 
  `` litcherally a 37 year old man laughing at this '' - leafy, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  just be a jerk and play fur elise, 
  that 's 362880 years !, 
  now that 's impressive, 
  you sound like a cool guy , you must be drowning in tinder pussy, 
  more like 12 if you keep on browsing reddit, 
  i remember the first time i played at marathon speed , i pretty much colonized all of the world , not just a small city here and there , it was full colonization , too bad i no longer have the patience to do that, 
  you ca n't be a warmonger unless you have a larger army ex . 
  usa, 
  but for real , just have a large army, 
  you married a half-life 3 person, 
  does that mean that random cats on the street love me ? 
  or all those poor americans buying nike shoes, 
  i like my men like i like my coffe : in my butt, 
  i 'd say that tool is my greatest discovery this year, 
  schism or rosetta stoned , honestly , i just love the band so much , all of their songs have a special place in my heart, 
  never even seen snow in my life , i 'm portuguese btw, 
  i once played a game as polynesia where i went all around the world with my settler before having my first city , i really liked to play that game because by like the 1500 's i was using sticks and stones and the western civilizations were trying to conquer me , it was pretty fun, 
  how do i even downvote in this sub ? 
  r/niceguys is for you, 
  idk man , i feel like standing there like a statue is the way adam jones plays and it works out pretty well, 
  is that a killswitch on your guitar ? 
  they started cutting the moustaches and beards off because of the gas poison , it was hard to properly use the gas mask and have a beard at the same time, 
  [ source ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/br9l2igbghg/?taken-by=adamjones_tv ) he is also using #tool and since it 's '' bring your son to work day '' i 'm sure that they are now just giving it the final details ( hopefully ), 
  how ? 
  hey it 's me , ur father, 
  wait so you buy beer for 8 $ and still manage to only spend 50 $ ? 
  i live in lisbon , 1 beer in my university costs .70 euros , if you go out to a bar at night the average cost is usually like 1 or 1.5 euros . 
  but weed , here the price is on average like 10 euros for 1 gram ( but you might get it for 8 or 9 if you find the right dealer ) , my cousins live in the south and because there 's so many people growing their own weed , the average cost is 5 for a gram . 
  man , i already spend so much money weekly , i 'd be homeless by now if i were australian, 
  the reason i got addicted to civ v was seeing cities reduced to ashes because of my nukes , i mean holy fuck i just killed millions of people but the animation is so pretty . 
  at first you use nukes as a mean of defence but after a while you just turn into your inner satan and decide to end the world ( sometimes i even nuke my own cities ahaha ), 
  otherwise i cant go on, 
  lsd was still not a thing in ww1 , weed however sounds like a great way for you to relax and i know the germans in ww2 took speeds .
