enjoy your failed state . 
  enjoy your `` engineers '', 
  europe . 
  you 're targeting the wrong people . 
  you might want to point your attention down south and stop the horde of muslims . 
  we are truly cursed . 
  i support this idea . 
  encryption is also bad for kids . 
  ** this post was edited by the british government . 
  being a super power that landed men on the moon ? 
  usa is a bloody great country . 
  who do they think they are ? 
  germany ? 
  i did think about that when i typed it ... 
  but my point still stands , everyone deserves privacy . 
  what about the rights of british citizens not to get blown up by these creatures ? 
  they should blame the politicians that got over spent . 
  it 's a little sad politicians ca n't get some privacy when on holiday . 
  it could be understandable not wanting drunk brits coming to your country . 
  no one wants that . 
  you would rather they come back to england and bomb us ? 
  no we need to protect our land . 
  in the last election the only party that supports the eu lost votes . 
  british this , british that . 
  do you guys talk about anything that is n't british ? 
  maybe they have british parents and they moved back to poland ? 
  that feel when just bought a diesel car before this scandal came to light . 
  scotland voted to stay part of the uk . 
  and uk voted to leave the eu . 
  give them all to merkel , she wanted them . 
  it 's her problem . 
  90 % of economic growth in the next ten to 15 years is expected to be generated outside europe . 
  well obviously / u/halofit and you do considering you know enough it 's a `` cesspool '' . 
  gomad is strong with finland . 
  that 's a funny way to say 2 pints . 
  anyway it 's not like the police are actually on our roads any more . 
  you will see ugly when we fight over food and water . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_wide_web educate yourself . 
  literally in the first paragraph . 
  i 'm sure he will be great for france but people should judge him on his actions and not what he says . 
  i 'm glad france picked someone who will put france in a strong position . 
  sir timothy john berners-lee would like to disagree with you . 
  has macron actually done anything yet ? 
  on the english made www , 
   the eu is helping with the global refugee crisis actually the policies of picking migrants in the middle of the ocean and bring them back to europe is causing more to come over . 
  and more are dying because of what the eu is doing . 
  why do n't we just make minimum wage # 100 an hour !, 
  then we will all be rich . 
  just kick the turks out already . 
  i 've only been going on weekdays and not on school holiday ... best thing about being an adult . 
  i would hate to go in the summer holiday . 
  i love it . 
  less queues for rides . 
  i remember waiting for hour for 1 ride . 
  if a guy has to shoot his dick off to get out of a marriage , it sounds like a pretty bad relationship . 
  if the second largest member of the eu is leaving . 
  that 's hardly a win for brussels . 
  or brussels has set the bar very very low . 
  but i love shopping for overpriced goods in a busy shop on my only free time on the weekend . 
  i spent way too long thinking they were balloons . 
  there 's a difference between criticism and calling someone a toilet . 
  democracy is n't a popular thing around eu or / europe /, 
  we need to send some irish to europe . 
  anyone got some ideas on how to spread the irish around ? 
  if you want people to support your cause you do n't trash the city . 
  what other foreign leaders do n't speak english ? 
  the police should have shot them . 
  can you drink the tap water in south europe yet ? 
  can you put bog roll down the toilet in south europe yet ? 
  seems like poles and brits have a lot in common . 
  they are totally european . 
  said no one ever . 
  crap map . 
  england has 8 bank holidays . 
  ireland over uk ? 
  i 'm guessing they did n't use capitals . 
  what about the other eu countries ? 
  this is why the eu is failing . 
  listen to all states !, 
  i 'm so use to contactless payments now . 
  i look like a fool when the payment method is n't contactless . 
  update your system fools !, 
  hope they ca n't swim ... or get in the back of the lorry . 
  they ca n't do that right ? 
  come to the uk google !, 
  you ca n't even vote ... 
  wtf why are n't they going to germany ? 
  `` too many tweets make a twat '' ~ eu referendum man . 
  hey man , several people could n't sleep because it was so hot for 5 days . 
  why you hate gays germany ? 
  i 'm sure the business owners and workers in the tourism industry in barcelona do not agree . 
  happy make / unitedkingdom / cry day !, 
  you might not think of it as but tourism is an export !, 
  if you do n't want the tourists i 'm sure many other south european countries will take them . 
  pretty much a non country . 
  you are correct . 
  in 8 years they will have multiple kids too ... and they will all be taught english ... and they will all want to come to england . 
  what about when all the migrants that germany invited to come over ? 
  when they have german citizenship they are free to travel to the uk . 
  we have enough problems thank you very much .
