   mafia is taking care of that because they own much of the tourism businesses . 
   ca n't tell if serious or joke about our government . 
  definitely . 
  for more it 's more about the setting than everything else . 
  esperanto looks like reconstructed vulgar latin . 
  let 's just speak english . 
  * why do you write this way * ? 
  is spaghetti western considered european or american ? 
  but that 's simply because they 're italians speaking croatian , 
  croatian banter is tough , though . 
  a lot of people were extremely funny and nice . 
  i went to nyc and was blown away by everything . 
  i was n't expecting any less !, 
  it was really cool and great and the food was delicious and everybody was nice . 
  it also basically made my father 's year as his uncle ( who 's now dead ) always wrote letters to him about how beautiful the city was . 
  i wish i could say the same . 
  how old is the castle ? 
  it looks well kept . 
  it gets hot in there in the summer , the german people might just need some breathing space . 
  yup , same thing happened in my hometown a few years ago . 
  what a shame . 
  there is indeed a room on the eiffel tower . 
  also they stole the models at the beginning of the video from battlefield 3 . 
  because of a world fair that 's creating jobs and offering interesting insight ? 
  what ? 
  it 's been huge news all over italy . 
  it 's not like people care about baltimore riots here , i only know about them because i browse reddit . 
  every nation has its share of public unrest . 
  i already had to study latin for 5 years ; no more , i beg you, 
  no , it is n't . 
  war ~ ~ on ~ ~ for weed . 
  i 'm agnostic/atheist but i 'm sure you can pull out some more ad hominem out your sleeves . 
  keep being ignorant about history . 
  that 's such simplistic way of interpreting history . 
  i am the 96.24 per cent . 
  on the other hand , they 're god-like at war . 
  even if you say `` napoleon '' you 're gon na get more than one person . 
  that 's what they want you to think . 
  in reality this is just an excuse used by evil icelanders ( aka all icelanders ) to lure in the basques . 
  or southern european . 
  remember greece ? 
  not sure . 
  why are you asking me ? 
  they look like they have a social disorder ? 
  hungary 's flag is the same as italy but sideways . 
  the polish , italian and hungarian flags all contain the colour white and red . 
  amazing . 
  reminds me of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0kjzeh2jn8, 
  nah , you mean incomptence * and * switching sides . 
  i was taught all my life africa begins here . 
  is n't it usually the other way around ? 
   short or shaven hair chavs or neo nazis ? 
  can confirm , i play cs : go with swedes regularly . 
  my grandfather was a stereotype when talking in english . 
  he made things like pearl harbor become `` pelabb\u00f2 '' . 
  our stereotypical accent is quite infamous . 
   cries look , the only time this letter on my keyboard is ever useful : \u00e7_\u00e7, 
  lots of people shit talking the british in this thread , i do n't get it , stop generalizing . 
  the food looks fantastic . 
  i did n't understand their comment about bread though . 
  most interesting for me is greece , especially how the roman empire lived on in that region . 
  i guess that includes turkey too . 
  i do n't know about albanians , but somewhere in calabria they speak a dialect of greek called griko dialect , which is one of the two italiot greek languages in existance . 
  no need to be edgy, 
  reddito means income . 
  do n't worry , i got the joke . 
  do n't forget all the words for food you stole from us . 
  welcome to linguistics . 
  interesting theory . 
  amateurs , we had that issue a millenia ago and we just replaced that with double consonants . 
   latin words in english what 's the logic behind that ? 
  does it really matter what you think if science has already disproved it ? 
   europeans were always white . 
  sure , whenever those damn africans stepped into europe their cursed black skin turned into a pure white instantly . 
   venice is actually an island a ton of islands ( something like 120 ) , called lagoons . 
  it is also * not * an indo-european language . 
   spain like the uk is made of several country 's that goes for a lot of countries . 
  including germany and italy . 
  i 'm sure he can live without an euro, 
   now , if you 're going to tell me your anecdotes about racist incidents you 've seen , keep in mind you might be afflicted with confirmation bias , where you only notice and remember things according to your preconceptions . 
  very understandable but tut tut , silly goose . 
  ironic, 
   ( in a bad way ) that 's entirely subjective . 
  not really , in a few decades we are going to be that granny . 
  your economic knowledge is unreal . 
  well done, 
  what 's the research behing this map ? 
  i hope it 's not another bullshit eupedia map because i 'd like to share it with my friends . 
   the last natural blonde in the world will be born in finland . 
  what reason would there be for blonds to die out ? 
  not bad at all actually . 
  i live in the countryside so it 's not a fair represantation of internet speeds in italy ( you can get fiber in the big cities ) but i pay $ 24 per month for a 15mb/s connection . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  we also have \u00e7 , which is n't even used in italian and we do n't even have upper case vowels with accents . 
  weird . 
  thanks , i did n't know that , i guess it 's a bad idea to look up the definition on wikipedia and think it 's the right one . 
  i 'll have to re-define it in my mind . 
  i guess we have just two completely different point of views on the matter and i do n't think arguing about it on the internet is going to solve anything , sorry if i cut this short . 
  super ninja edit : if you 're going to reply i 'll answer tomorrow, 
  i guess you just would n't want to scroll down to read that `` cultural racism '' paragraph right there in that link i gave you ?
