  you are definitely a racist . 
  apparently you do n't know what racism is here , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism, 
  ahahaha , just looking at that guy 's profile he ca n't go and visit his grandmother without mentioning nazis and pakistan . 
  what a massive racist . 
  who cares either way, 
  oh , yeah now your comment makes more sense . 
  we know the etymology of duits/deutsch perfectly . 
  and a few thousand pounds from selling your pictures to newspapers . 
  rude, 
  i-it 's britannia , not brittania ; alemanni , not allemani . 
   there were little things , too , that drove him to return , like the high price of cigarettes and the chillier weather . 
  exactly , danish was not a language in the 5th or 9th century , those settlers spoke old norse . 
   danish is this a joke ? 
  no it does n't . 
  maybe spelling-wise ? 
  it 's definitely not a conservative language . 
   rather remove the g in french the cluster gn is produces the sound / \u0272 / , removing the g does n't make sense as the word is still pronounced / \u0254\u0272\u0254\u0303 /, 
  it 's italian ortography, 
  not as confusing as learning the distinction between to/at/in . 
  is this your first time learning another language ? 
  you just need grammar rules at the very beginning imo , yif you read and practice enough you wo n't need them at all . 
  not at all , germania comes from the germanic tribes named germani . 
   rome conquers britain and the locals start adopting latin words . 
  like what to call that place on the other side of gaul covered in forest . 
  `` germania '' . 
  the name stuck . 
  this is so wrong , starting by the fact that romans factually never contributed to english in a direct way , because english was not spoken in britain at the time of the roman invasion and conquest . 
  english was brought over by the angles , from denmark , centuries after the romans left britain ( and classical latin died out ) . 
  all latin words which permeated english are medieval and renaissance borrowings . 
  julius caesar definitely did n't invent the name , that 's basically saying that an ancient group of people never existed . 
  [ in english , the word `` german '' is first attested in 1520 , replacing earlier uses of almain , alman and dutch . 
  in othello ii ,3 , ( about 1603 ) , for example , shakespeare uses both `` german '' and `` almain '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/names_of_germany ), 
  is n't it blindigly obvious ? 
  because languages differ in the way they pronounce words and in the way words evolve in the language . 
  just like italians palatilized the ni cluster from latin hispania , early french speakers removed shortened or completely removed vowels at the end of words . 
  also they obviously were n't called alemanni or germani if you are wondering , that 's just howthe latin approximation fo their name . 
  for people who ca n't stand metal : [ hogni ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rank8rress0 ) is another faroese artist . 
  it 's an / int / meme, 
  well , you 're making a strawman argument so i 'm not even going to give you a proper response . 
  sounds like you have n't read a book since you got out of school . 
  thats pretty cool, 
  because in countries like mine catholics are a majority , and influencing the opinion of a majority can have a big effect on society . 
  are you just asking rhetorical questions ? 
   fuck everything not considered degenerate huh, 
  because it effects the opinion of catholics . 
  that makes literally no sense . 
  maybe you mean brittano-celtic culture or pre anglo-saxon culture ? 
  the angles were never ever subjugated by the saxons , norwegians or danes ( they were from denmark in the first place ), 
  i do n't know , it 's an intricate moral problem ... 
  i 'm not sure there 's a right answer . 
  i 'll let the government decide and the philosophers debate . 
  yeah , deporting \u2260 letting them die in the sea also i 'm not even sure why i 'm in this argument , the original comment first implies that the government should n't pick them up ( so letting them drown ) and then says we should deport them . 
  yeah i think so too . 
  does n't mean that the government can disobey human rights laws . 
  yeah man fuck human rights how did it even cross your mind to comment that, 
  those guys really dislike italian, 
  in italy it 's acceptable to eat it with a fork . 
  it 's not something that everybody does ( in fact it 's the minority who does it ) , but it 's not seen as strange . 
  you usually do it if you wan na be 100 % sure that you do n't stain your clothes . 
  you wo n't find norse myths in finland , that 's for sure . 
  people still practice jousting all over the world , or else it being an olympic sport would n't make sense . 
  i thought you were just going for bowmen vs mounted combatants, 
  pro tip for all romance language speakers : chivalry in english does n't imply a man on a horse . 
  you mean horse mounted combat . 
  but why are only the english requesting it ? 
  it 's not like jousting is a particularly associated with england . 
  jousting was an incredibly popular european sports during the middle ages . 
  as if the non-reformed christians commit terrorism . 
  `` occupies '', 
  we say statunitensi, 
   both nations were basically defined by language . 
  guess you better read on italian and german languages as well . 
   civic nationalism is kind of a depressingly new thing in europe you better read up on the history of germany and italy in the middle ages if you think that 's the case . 
  we live in interesting times . 
  wtf , 30 % of people are against secularism ? 
  is the catholic church really to blame ? 
  abortion is completely legal in italy witho restrictions similar to sweden 's . 
  you 've never been by a river in the winter ? 
  that 's what it feels like . 
  you wo n't be so happy after you read the cost of keeping the sea from flooding the city !, 
  the venetian lagoon is literally connected to the sea . 
  is this a rhetorical question ? 
  obviously it depends on the area . 
  nobody cares if people made a swastika graffiti in a poverty affected neighborhood , people ( and i mean literally everyone except the retards who actually make it ) are enraged when they see graffiti on the colosseum or if someone litters in the center of rome . 
  the point is that they do n't get seen by anyone but cctvs . 
  go to rome and marvel at the graffiti on the colosseum . 
  i 've never been to that place in particular , but as an italian small village inhabiter with structures similar to this : the humidity is fucking unbareable in the winter . 
  exactly , there is no semantic change happening , it already happened . 
  we literally agree on everything here , i never said english speakers get confused between the two meanings , all i said was that nobody was `` wrong '' in the usage of their words . 
  ( like the canadian commenter i replied to jokingly implied ), 
  in the case of `` actual '' it 's both a semantic change and a false friend . 
  they obviously share the same etymology but differ in meaning , hence a semantic change happened in either english or the languages which use `` actual '' to mean `` current '' . 
  true . 
  good point . 
  how so, 
  i do n't think it 's accurate to say that english has adopted co - and ditched ge - considering co - ( as far as i know ) is not a productive suffix and is only used in loanwords . 
  it 's all the same like , this is what semantic change is about . 
  nobody uses it improperly !, 
  it 's simply a case of [ semantic shift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semantic_change ) my favorite semantic shift in the english language is the word `` like '' , which in old english used to mean `` body '' or `` corpse '' and now means ... like !, 
  i know,
