  in france , most people do n't give a damn about their colonial past ( = as colonial masters ) and are n't really ashamed of it . 
  are you implying we are ? 
  all i can see in your rant is pissy french projection about ` anglo-saxon ' this and ` colonial ' that . 
  you do n't have the slightest fucking idea about english , american or canadian society , the latter of which have almost nothing in common with the former . 
  pray stop telling me about my country , and how it 's apparently identical to it 's colonies and somehow feels guilty for colonialism . 
  here 's a short lesson in common sense : why would the descendants of brits who did n't move to a colony feel guilty about colonialism ? 
  short answer : they do n't . 
  you 're completely fucking wrong . 
  you see three american cities and two international cities , no ` anglo-saxon ' cities . 
  and you know why that is ? 
  because it 's an american news site , for americans who care about america . 
  shock horror, 
   so first you were being a dick to me no  and now you agree with me ? 
  no  `` social justice '' ( not actual social justice btw ) in the form of a liberal/capitalist distraction mechanism for the middle class and a tool that keeps the drama flowing and the population divided while the ruling class is pillaging these countries no  it has spread in every anglophone country . 
  no  it 's not a `` french tendency '' , everyone has noticed this pattern no, 
  even a cursory google search says this is happening all over the world , [ particularly in paris and tokyo ] ( https://urbanful.org/2015/01/07/manspreading-and-other-clever-campaigns-changing-subway-etiquette/ ) . 
  this ridiculous ` anglo-saxon ' moniker exists simply because the french are consuming english-language media by the tonne . 
  it has nothing to do with ` colonial guilt ' since this happened in the uk , which is not and never has been a colony . 
  social justice has its roots in the us and presumably it worked its way into canada from there . 
  any divide between english and french speaking society is due to a language barrier , not an ethnicity . 
  this ridiculous french tendency to stick ` anglo-saxon ' in front of anything they dislike ( and i 've noticed this increasing ) is becoming frankly ridiculous . 
  you ca n't chalk this up to a nation having english roots , america is vastly different from england . 
  if it is n't easy or rewarding , why do you expect people to do it ? 
  this is n't even a fucking argument , i 'm literally just explaining that people eat like shit because it 's the cheapest and most convenient way to have a varied diet . 
  what you hope to achieve with this tirade , i do n't know . 
   this gender/culture war bullshit that is spreading like wildfire in anglophone countries . 
  did you not read the part where i told you to stop talking shit, 
  gender studies exist all across the world , stop talking shit . 
   this bias is clearly a result of the exact same dynamics that give men better access to power in our society . 
  i do n't think that 's right , the bias exists because women are viewed as inherently better than men . 
  studies conducted by eagly and mladinic show that people ( especially other women ) tend to associate females with nurturing characteristics . 
  the paedophile scares of late have led to overprotective mothers who , like in the study mentioned earlier , typically view women as incapable of sexual abuse . 
  this leaves men as the only alternative . 
  now , the nurturing characteristics that tend to be associated with women are , in my guess , due to the typical role of mothers in raising children . 
  i would not , however , view that as sexism towards women . 
  it could n't possibly be , when men are not viewed as positively as women and the allegations only have negative effects for men . 
  that 's why i object to the term patriarchy . 
   nobody claims that , and neither does the term `` rape culture '' . 
  look it up . 
  you should probably google the ` teach men not to rape ' campaign . 
   countless studies prove the efficacy of affirmative action . 
  it 's not `` racism '' in any meaningful sense of the word . 
  you brought up systemic racism yourself -- affirmative action is not it . 
  i do n't see how laws that put one race above another could not be systemic or institutionalised racism . 
   close to 100 % of black americans are descendants of slaves , and suffer the inherited consequences of that to this very day . 
  it 's not fucking `` racism '' to try and correct that , even if there are poor white people who should also have a chance . 
  are we talking about america or are we talking about goldsmiths university ? 
   the problem is people are accustomed to feast like kings . 
  chicken nuggets are not a feast . 
   the potatoes you described , while not optimally cheap ( or healthy ) , is still cheaper than fast food . 
  not really . 
  in a supermarket , the potatoes would cost you 98p , six eggs would cost you 85p , cream would cost you another 85p and nutmeg would cost you # 1.25 . 
  that 's # 3.93 for a single day 's side dish . 
  the chicken nuggets and chips were # 1.47 for five meals . 
  you 're underestimating how cheap terrible food is . 
   dude . 
  they are literally stored in the water they were cooked in . 
  if preservatives are added they are added to that . 
  however , neither is unhealthy . 
  they 're stored in the brine they 're cooked in after they 're reconstituted with preservatives . 
  preservatives _ are _ unhealthy . 
   you 're just moving the goal post . 
  i do n't think you understand what the phrase ` moving the goalposts ' means . 
  i literally have n't changed a word of what i 'm saying . 
   til , dried products promote cancer . 
  or something . 
  it 's unhealthy to dry rice you know . 
  stop it . 
  all rice is dried , you moron , otherwise it would never make it out of asia . 
  i do n't even know why you 're continuing this . 
  i 'm telling you that in the uk it is cheaper and easier to eat bad food than it is to eat healthily , which is why there is so much obesity amongst the working class . 
  if you ca n't understand that , stop replying . 
   your argument against people can do this is people do n't want to do this . 
  now you 're getting it . 
  it 's taken six reiterations but you 've finally understood that people like to taste their food . 
   where is that added to rice and beans ? 
  supermarket beans are literally stored in brine if tinned and soaked in preservatives if not . 
  rice is largely untouched except for the drying process . 
   your moving the goal post , either admit that healthy is cheap or tell me why it 's not . 
  i have , a dozen times , over and over and over again as if i were in my own dantean circle of hell , surrounded by shrieking rice-and-legumes harpies . 
  my contention is that the diet you are suggesting is dull and time-consuming and that poor people would rather live on frozen processed junk food . 
  i do n't even know why this is an argument because i think both diets are equally appalling . 
  what are you trying to achieve here ? 
   i agree , and that 's another reason . 
  the problem is not that you ca n't eat healthy and cheap . 
  my argument is that it 's much easier and more interesting for these people to eat crap , and that inflicting steamed broccoli and plain rice on them is offensive . 
   see the problem ? 
  because you 're accustomed to it . 
  there is no problem with my diet . 
  duchesse potatoes are not junk food . 
   what do you weigh ? 
  around 12 stone from lifting . 
  it 's also irrelevant , this argument is n't about my eating habits . 
  i 'm not proposing that the poorest take dietary lessons from me , i 'm explaining that eating healthy , flavoursome food is difficult on a tight budget . 
   tell me exactly what makes it unhealthy . 
  added brine , salt , flavourings , preservatives and colourings in supermarket ` fresh ' food . 
   so you 're saying that four nuggets and 300g of chips are a meal . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's also nutritionally inadequate . 
  again , that does n't matter a jot to the people eating it .
