i think you overestimate the us and underestimate the uk . 
  traces of american pop culture might be found in western europe and fade out as you go further east , but british influence can not be understated the world over . 
  remember that the uk held the world 's largest empire until as recently as the 1950s . 
  australia , canada , new zealand , india , south africa , egypt and america itself are all sons of the empire , most of which loosely follow the british parliamentary system and legal structure . 
  britain also enjoys more influence in europe due to its eu membership , more influence in the commonwealth due to its position as the seat of the crown and more influence in nations that were run as proxy states during the empire - china , argentina ( until recently ) and thailand amongst them . 
  britain is also in the enviable position of having crown dependencies in key trade areas as a result of informally owning the seven seas until wwi . 
  americans of all people should know that . 
  america was founded under principles laid out by 17th and 18th century english ( and french ) political philosophers . 
  i do n't think you can argue that because a hollywood movie might be popular in australia , the uk 's founding of australia can be denied , or that because an american song hits # 1 in france , the napoleonic wars never happened . 
  american influence is positively superficial at the side of the uk . 
  do you hear yourself when you talk, 
  ground pork fillet , diced apples , sage and onion and an egg to bind the ingredients together . 
  toast some rolls with wensleydale on the top half , then stack the ingredients together with rocket . 
   scotland did not occupy ireland for 1 day , never mind 800 years . 
  [ lmao ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bruce_campaign_in_ireland )  everything i mentioned about what happened to scotland , happened to scotland when it was within the uk . 
  no ethnic cleansing has ever happened in the uk . 
  if you 're trying to refer to the highland clearances , those were forced migrations , not ethnic cleansing . 
  you 're right about the rebels , though , but lets not pretend that nationality has anything to do with whether treasonous people are put to death . 
  your victim complex is clouding your view of history . 
   and the people who came to be known as scotch irish were solely from the border regions of both scotland and england . 
  the * scots-irish , were primarily from scotland . 
  english immigration halted in 1641 at roughly 40,000 people . 
  scottish immigration continued for another century after that until they constituted over 90 % of the population . 
   ca n't tell if you are trolling when you say scotland started the wars ... 
  so scotland would never try to invade england without reason ? 
  scotland had nothing to do with [ the battle of flodden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_flodden ) ? 
  or [ the battle of solway moss ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_solway_moss ) ? 
  how about [ ancrum moor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_ancrum_moor ) ? 
  did mary never [ plot to murder good queen bess ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mary,_queen_of_scots#plots ) and take the english throne ? 
  again , stop looking at history through a lens of victimhood . 
   at the point of the wars of scottish independence , england had already taken over wales and ireland , and got the welsh and irish to invade with them . 
  at the time of the wars of scottish independence , scotland 's empire in ireland was larger than the norman one that had also conquered england & wales . 
  every country in history made a grab for glory when it could , scotland is no exception . 
  your narrative of scotland as an innocent , righteous nation hounded by a bloodthirsty neighbour is complete bullshit . 
  you ca n't complain about what happened during medieval wars that scotland started - you gave as much as you got . 
   was it england or scotland that occupied ireland for about 800 years ? 
  both , but scotland 's expansion into ireland was larger than england 's . 
  there 's also a very good reason the ulster planters were called ulster-scots and not anglo-ulster . 
   they too have been subjugated by the english wales was , scotland certainly was n't . 
  they were the ones that dragged us into the uk , not the other way around . 
  scotland did more to harm ireland than england ever did . 
  no , you asked if the eu was stopping something . 
  what that thing is , you did n't specify . 
  i 'd support english independence , but what the fuck the eu has to do with parliamentary devolution , i do n't know . 
  you 're tilting at windmills . 
   which clearly indicates they do n't need it . 
  ... you read about the tripling of english university fees at the hands of scottish and welsh mps and concluded that this system is totally fair ? 
  perhaps if i mention that england receives less money per head ( by a margin of 40 % ) than scotland , wales and northern ireland ? 
  or that english nhs users must pay for prescriptions in a vote decided by scottish and welsh mps whilst they kept their own free of charge ? 
  i do not understand how you can read about this atrocity and decide no action must be taken . 
   the issue is that the uk balks at any cost , no matter if there are benefits too . 
   except for bossing the other around , of course . 
  which is accomplished how , exactly ? 
  scotland , wales and northern ireland have their own devolved parliaments and assemblies that allow them to protect their interests , whilst england does not . 
  scotland , wales and northern ireland have more influence on england than england does over them . 
  for example , the recent tripling of english university fees could not have happened if it were voted on by english mps . 
  scottish & welsh mps cinched the vote . 
   if you only take deals that only have upsides and no downsides , there 'll be very little deals to make . 
  which is why the eu needs thorough reform . 
  if you ca n't see why a nation would resist a union that has more negative than positive effects , you ca n't seriously expect me to value your opinion . 
   still in denial , i see :p no . 
  they do the same thing to us , n their minds the uk is to blame for the slave trade . 
  not the west africans who enslaved them or the americans who worked them to death in cotton fields , but the opportunistic captains who supplied a demand . 
  never mind that the uk was behind the abolitionist movement and that slavery has never been legal in england , great britain or the uk . 
  it 's highly ironic that both south and north americans choose to blame european nations for colonisation . 
  i do n't believe they 're to blame , but it takes a lot of gall to blame the descendants of people who chose not to colonise the americas as the descendants of people who did . 
  the iroquois gave him the nickname after he destroyed 40 iroquois towns and countless settlements . 
  it can also be translated as town destroyer or burner of villages . 
  where do i start ? 
  * the uk is n't struggling to find it 's identity after losing an empire . 
  that happened fifty years ago and has absolutely no bearing on anybody 's life today . 
  * england is n't the big bad wolf of the union , we actually get worst deal out of the four home nations . 
  * the food is good here , the stereotype was begat by french chefs who demeaned british food in order to be employed by british aristocrats after the french revolution . 
  it found further ground when american soldiers stationed in the uk during wwii found a nation under rationing with little to no fresh food . 
  * we 're not the only nation that flocks to shitty resorts in spain over summer . 
  * regarding the eu , we 're not self-important for asking for exceptions ; the union is usually working against our interests . 
  anyone who holds the opinion that the uk must commit or fuck off should know that the uk would rather fuck off than be fucked over and that means nobody benefits . 
  english people of the past did n't have a hand in the extermination of the native americans , either . 
  we actually had measures in place to stop the americans attacking them and allied with them during the war of american independence . 
  there 's a reason george washington is called the devourer of towns and not lord cornwallis . 
  [ yeah this is 100 % serious debate published by the twitter geopolitical journal of 2015 ] ( https://www.brandwatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/25.png ), 
  the newspaper version is british and published solely in britain , the guardian website caters a global audience . 
  they even have a devolved australian section because their readership is so large . 
  the guardian writes for a global audience . 
  i 'd expect this in the newspaper , but not on the website which collectively has more foreign readers than britons . 
  probably because the lowest age for leaving school in the uk is sixteen , it makes our hdi lag too . 
  i 'm unsure why the uk is being singled out when poland is performing higher than the average western european nation , though . 
  surely ` poland outperforms western europe ' is more impressive than ` poland outperforms the uk ' ? 
  it 's funny that the pope is still issuing orders in 2015 , it 's like living during the reformation . 
  that is the least true thing i have ever heard . 
  it rubs me up that the bill of rights _ is _ the british bill of rights . 
  at least call it something else , like the revocation of the rights of englishmen . 
  there 's no more cctv in the uk than there is anywhere else . 
  the concept of there being more comes from a shitty study that counted the cameras in a shopping street in the centre of london and extrapolated that figure for every single street , alley , road and footpath in the uk . 
  on top of that , 92 % of cctv cameras in the uk are privately owned . 
  the whole ` dae 1984 cctv big brother ' trope is completely baseless and survives only because people keep repeating it without thinking twice about how ludicrous it is . 
  it 's a refutation of your assertion that ` manspreading ' is an ` anglo-saxon ' ( a bullshit qualifier , be honest ) problem . 
   your society is like this  no it is n't  yes it is  no it is n't  yes it is wow such adult debate u sure schooled me, 
   it 's facilitated by the fact that the uk , the usa , australia , canada and new zealand are all multicultural societies and pride themselves on being so . 
  ... no  on the continent , e.g.
