  everything you 've listed so far is a slight levelling of the playing field . 
  if you honestly see england being given the same rights as scotland as pandering , i do n't think i want to share a union with you . 
   essentially a promise that a scottish mp could n't ever hold the great offices of state again ( pm , chancellor , homsec ) [ citation needed ]  it 's not like scotland is n't routinely called subsidy junkies that ` citation ' is a link to polly toynbee 's opinion column . 
  in her opinion ( once more uncited ) , scots are oft called subsidy junkies . 
  there is no evidence to substantiate that . 
  polly toynbee 's opinions are not facts . 
   in the press or our fm is n't subjected to horribly racist [ 5 ] [ 5 ] and sexist hatchet jobs the first thing you linked to was a criticism of another guardian opinion piece ( steve bell writes under comment is free ) , to a political cartoon designed to insult leaders . 
  is david cameron 's representation as a slimy english fop considered racist ? 
  is nigel farage 's representation as a middle english snake considered racist ? 
  fuck no . 
  you 're looking for reasons to be offended , especially the second one on which nicola sturgeon 's head is photoshopped onto an obvious metaphor . 
  there 's nothing fucking sexist about that . 
   it 's not like the press has n't accused our entire country of losing its marbles in several instances one single instance of a * daily mail * *** opinion piece . 
  ***  tell me , what is it then because i 'm not seeing it . 
  perhaps it 's the [ clamour for more devolution ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/more-powers-for-scotland-what-happens-next ) , to contrast with england 's complete lack of devolution . 
  maybe it 's interwoven with [ scottish polls ] ( http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/which-of-the-following-qualities-do-you-think-best-describe-english-people ) calling the english ` arrogant , less friendly , less polite , racist , xenophobic ( ironic , right ? 
  ) , right-wing and more likely to ` whinge ' . 
  whereas a [ poll by english and welsh voters ] ( http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/how-favourable-or-unfavourable-are-you-towards-the-scottish-people-generally-en ) determined that the english and welsh are twice as likely to be favourable to scots than unfavourable . 
  maybe it has something to do with the [ scottish opposition to evel ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/comment/columnists/deliver-us-from-evel.26176095 ) , without which scottish votes would not have been able to triple english university fees . 
  or maybe it 's because [ the scottish only just support an english parliament ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/6264823.stm ) , much like their own parliament which made scottish universities free , as long as you are n't english . 
  so yes , you 're very , very hard done by up there . 
  i simply do n't know how you put up with it . 
  degrees are a guarantee that the graduate has learned and is fit for purpose . 
  self-education is a nonsense concept since most people do not have the capacity to teach themselves . 
  have you ever taught yourself a programming language , or a painting technique or something similar ? 
  you fall into bad habits . 
  that is why teachers exist . 
   nobody ever got a movie career based on their schooling . 
  nobody got a job in front of a camera for a degree , but the people working behind the scenes did . 
  the choreographers , script writers , costume artists , historians where appropriate and all the rest of them went to university to hone their craft . 
  we 'd live in a sad little world if there were no educational institutions for the arts , i really ca n't believe i have to defend them . 
   fields where it matters your opinions are n't facts . 
  arts education matters just as much as education in science or mathematics . 
  no , i 'm tired of the constant pandering to scotland in the news and in politics . 
  it 's literally impossible to be ignorant about scotland when all you ever hear about is how scotland needs even more devolution and representation and how maybe it needs more money , too . 
  ignorant my arse . 
  feel free to disprove the existence of scottish labour , scottish conservatives , the scottish national party , the scottish liberal democrats and the scottish greens . 
  edit : use your words , reddit . 
  if you disagree , explain why . 
  downvotes are not disagreement buttons . 
  of course there are . 
  your stem degree would n't be such a source of joy for you if you lived in a miserable world without art . 
  i also disagree with the premise that a degree has to yield an easy job to be inherently valuable . 
  i should be able to study the classics for the sheer joy of it and work my way up to a museum curator , if i so choose . 
  i should be able to study drama and appear on the stage or in film . 
  not everyone wants to live a puritanical existence in grey stem world . 
  any party with scottish in the name will get votes . 
  hence scottish labour and scottish conservatives . 
  i wish i was joking . 
  i do n't think that 's true , by your philosophy every job in the arts is unnecessary because the degrees required to get them are pointless . 
  are you seriously suggesting all russian media outlets just sat around a table and decided their ultimate purpose was to be a worst example of bias to teach people a lesson in objectivity ???? 
  the kremlin is pumping this shit out 24/7 to keep russians distracted from the corruption and shadow-warfare they 're engaging in . 
  this is n't performance art , it 's unbridled propaganda . 
   if uk \u00b4 s prime minister or germany \u00b4 s councillor ( ? ), 
  says something radical smaller nations will have emergency talks . 
  leaving the eu is n't radical , though . 
   uk \u00b4 s conservatives are in uk \u00b4 s governing body so their talks are taken seriously by other nations . 
  the conservatives are n't likely to be in government in a few weeks time . 
  in fact , they 're not in power as we speak since parliament was just disbanded after the queen proclaimed an election . 
   uk \u00b4 s opt-out stuff just makes united decisions impossible united decisions are impossible anyway . 
  europe is arguably the most diverse continent on the planet , a one-size-fits-all approach is not possible . 
   even angela has said that we cant give privileges ( like opt-out of schengen ) to uk only without eu crumbling to the ground as then every eu nation would want some kind f privilege every nation does , as i illustrated several posts ago . 
  so i ask you again , why is the uk taking all the heat for doing what everyone else is doing ? 
   lets say angela said that she will make referendum of resurrection of nazi-party wouldnt uk take it seriously ? 
  leaving the eu and nazism are n't comparable , but just to humour your comparison , nobody would be worried if it was unlikely to happen and angela merkel was about to be removed from power . 
   scotland vote was just `` empty politician 's promise '' but it actually happened except it was n't , it was proposed and held by the scottish parliament who do n't need to make empty promises for elections as the snp have had the scottish government for eight years . 
   mostly that ttip and other usa minded proposals east-europe dont like those too much . 
  the uk does n't like ttip either , the conservative party do . 
  the fear of ttip wiping out the nhs or becoming another method for tory privatisation is very , very prevalent here . 
   uk has been linked to ttip as main nation behind that deal in eu . 
  details about ttip are deliberately scarce so nobody can be said to be the main component in the deal . 
  i 'm willing to bet germany is just as involved , if not moreso , in ttip than the uk is . 
  none of this has anything to do with the uk apparently demanding opt-outs , either . 
  this conversation has gone completely off the boil . 
   uk is the first country to actually say that they will make referendum . 
  ` the uk ' as a nation has n't said that . 
  the conservatives have promised a referendum if they are elected which is about as likely as a snowball 's survival in hell . 
   so was `` free scotland-vote '' and that vote really happened first of all it was n't a `` free scotland '' vote , scotland is already a ` free ' nation . 
  secondly that was n't an empty promise , the scottish parliament proposed it , passed it and then held it . 
   pushed forward uk minded policies and some other countries dont want that kind of policies . 
  such as ? 
  my mind is drawing a blank here considering that the uk is largely powerless in the eu . 
   uk is only one who tries actively avoid to follow the deals that they have already made . 
  like nato \u00b4 s 2 % proposal and schengen no promises have been reneged upon , and what would the point of the uk being in the schengen zone be , exactly ? 
  we 're an island , you ca n't exactly just walk here . 
   referendum ... . if vote end on `` we want to leave '' uk is still not leaving ? 
  there is no set date for a referendum and all opinion polls indicate that the uk would vote to stay in the eu . 
  talks of a referendum are empty politician 's promises . 
   also other nations need to follow laws that uk is making that damage or change our nation and we are not crying about it . 
  what authority does the uk have to pass laws in other nations and how have we damaged your country ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   from other nations perspective uk seems to want the `` good '' parts of eu and not the `` bad '' parts . 
  other nations do precisely the same thing . 
  half of europe does n't use the euro . 
  at least five countries to my knowledge are n't in the schengen area and denmark alone opted out of the defence policy . 
  so why is all the focus on the uk ? 
  the uk is n't trying to leave , there 's just active dialogue ( like there is in every other country in the eu ) about the pros and cons of staying or leaving . 
  and following the guidelines of your first post _ is _ escalating a diplomatic problem , what you 're basically saying is that the uk should fall in line with what _ you _ want and if it does n't it should be fucked over to the highest possible degree . 
  that 's a pants-on-head retarded way of doing business . 
  if diplomats thought like you do , there 'd be a horrific amount of war .
