   uk will not get those `` rich boy club '' deals after leaving eu again , the uk is n't leaving the eu and if you think the rest of the eu is n't negotiating deals for themselves you 're fucking blind . 
  the uk is the eu 's whipping boy when it comes to opt-outs and rebates . 
  everyone else is doing it but only the uk is in trouble for it . 
  the gall of some people to claim the uk media is anti-eu when their own media has stuck the uk in a pillory is palpable . 
  escalating a diplomatic problem to it 's fullest potential is always the best idea , is n't it ? 
  wwi was a hoot , let 's do that again . 
  pegi ratings are backed by law in the uk , so they 're compulsory here . 
  it 's illegal to sell games to unaccompanied children under the age indicated on the box . 
  this does n't involve ` the state ' , either . 
  this is a few schools in cheshire threatening to contact authorities if children are seen with inappropriate games . 
  social services would ignore the calls as a nuisance , as they are under no obligation to contact people based on tip-offs . 
  the police are obligated , but they would not waste a police officer 's time and would instead send a community support officer round to explain that the games are inappropriate . 
  community support officers are citizens , not police , and do not have powers of arrest . 
  this article is making a mountain out of a molehill and / u/dclauzel has an ulterior motive for posting it . 
  this one * in particular * , does n't . 
  i do n't know about that , look at / u/zanell 's post history . 
  i do n't see how reminding parents of what age stickers mean is `` intrusive '' or regulatory . 
  you seem to be pushing an agenda here . 
   if the us media started inserting anti-english bias or patronizing attitude you would notice that instantly i do , there 's been a lot of that recently from fox news . 
  falsified information about guns and the nhs and whatnot . 
  i 've seen similar horseshit come from the uk about bulgaria but not from the bbc . 
  if you search the bbc for bulgaria it comes up with [ a list of results ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/search?q=bulgaria ) that are mostly sports fixtures and news . 
  the only negative thing i can see is about underfunded bulgarian care-homes , which was produced by and shown on bbc alba , the scottish wing of the bbc . 
  i was n't calling you a moron , also . 
  i was talking about the sort of person who believes the anti-bulgarian and anti-romanian content published in the daily mail and elsewhere . 
  your choice in the guardian is a good one , but be wary that the guardian is ultra-left and very contrary . 
  there are no british news sources you should n't take with a pinch of salt . 
  i think you might be suffering from a confirmation bias here . 
  while i do n't read the bbc as a habit , i watch bbc news every evening and i 've never seen anything that could be construed as anti-bulgarian . 
  the lack of facts is largely because we have n't had a census recently , so there 's no way to ascertain how many bulgarians or romanians are living here . 
  if the bbc has articles in which they display an anti-bulgarian bias i 'd like to see them as what my tv license fee pays for matters to me . 
  accusing the bbc of being right-wing , however , is a bit of a stretch if you ask me . 
  also that documentary sounds like almost like borat or hostel . 
  do you have a link ? 
   if you were , trust me , you would notice them . 
  i do notice these things , i enjoyed watching morons becoming inflamed over a problem that did n't exist . 
  edit : also owen jones is an opinion columnist and a huge sensationalist , i would n't trust what he has to say if i were you . 
  [ pretty overwhelming , it would seem . 
  ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2015/03/18/exclusive-londoners-are-least-likely-to-accept-a-gay-or-transgender-child/ ) what makes you think the nation is so anti-gay when all evidence says otherwise ? 
  i 've honestly seen none of it on the bbc . 
  other news sources have put out some absolute drivel but the bbc has been fairly level headed about it . 
  those news sources were the ones that accused the bbc of either not reporting or downplaying bulgarian immigration , usually using inflated statistics . 
  the right wing often accuse the bbc of having a left wing bias ( which i suppose it does to some degree ) , so this was the newest weapon in their arsenal . 
  as for channel 4 , that 's a uk-wide channel . 
  scotland are no more pro-bulgaria or anti-ukip or whatever this subreddit would have them be than the rest of the uk . 
  i 'm pretty certain if you asked most britons if the government should encourage gay marriage they 'd reply with yes . 
  none of those peers are hereditary and this has been removed from the context of a thirty hour long filibuster . 
  i do n't blame them for sleeping to be honest . 
  [ ding dong you are wrong ] ( http://fc05.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2014/359/b/5/lgbt_rights_europe_map_2014_by_saint_tepes-d8b6cif.png ), 
  i was with you until you mentioned the bbc , they 've actually been accused by numerous ( retarded ) news sources as downplaying bulgarian immigration . 
  also it 's the uk-wide media , not specifically england . 
  the rest of the uk gets a free pass on / r/europe a lot , but the hysteria happened there too . 
  but yes , newspapers and news articles are not our fort\u00e9 in the uk . 
  i hear france has some similar complaints . 
  were you expecting anything else ? 
  opening a british tabloid is like unfolding used toilet paper . 
  well the romania/bulgaria hysteria has died down , you 'll be pleased to know . 
  the hype that surrounded it all came to a terrific climax when several major news outlets flocked to watch the first bus of romanian & bulgarian immigrants alight . 
  the tension was palpable as itv and the like made estimations about the millions of possible immigrants that could follow this onslaught , and when the bus came the doors swung open and a single person got off . 
  in no particular order : * brussels * immigrants in general * bulgarian and romanian immigrants in particular * the rich * the poor ( particularly benefits claimants ) * eton * muslims going further into the brussels scapegoat , i do n't think i 've ever read a headline that used the word ` brussels ' in reference to the eu government that was n't complete nonsense . 
  wow that 's rude, 
  u wan na fuckin say that again m8 you me outside lets fuckin go * yeah , we should n't let the french have all the fun . 
  yeah , it 's a stupid thing to do , i just did n't expect a nation with a history like france 's to ban flag-burning . 
  u fuckin wot m8 how about you shut ur fucking hole m8 before i shut it for u eh * thanks for the information . 
  i would n't have expected that of france . 
  is there a reason that law was enacted ? 
  do you really think there are people here who speak french but not english ? 
  it 's nothing . 
  the war was n't the fault of your people or mine but the fault of a few people like himmler who wanted to start a war , or churchill who wanted to prolong it . 
  they exist in every single country and emerge when the situation is ideal for them . 
  there 's a phrase from the balkans that applies here : `` in a sewer , shit floats to the top '' . 
  you 're whitewashing german society in wwii by implying it was peachy for everyone who was n't an undesirable in the eyes of the regime , which is as far from fact as it gets . 
   germany signed a treaty saying they 'd pay reparations . 
  they have not . 
  yes , they have . 
  they 've paid back the full sum of what they promised . 
  they are under absolutely _ no _ obligation to give greece anything else . 
   i do n't think the question of reparations is connected to the war anymore at all . 
  so what the fuck are they for ? 
   a ) you might have an argument that the bombing of germany by the allies was too harsh - but that 's on the us and uk , not greece this is n't a blame game , i do n't know why your heart is so set on pointing fingers . 
  what i said was that germany suffered . 
  who did that and why is irrelevant . 
   b ) there 's a huge moral difference between a defensive and an offensive war which again matters not . 
  today 's germans did n't wage that war and neither did the german public who lived in fear under the nazi regime . 
   c ) i 'm sorry , but no , [ ... ] you absolutely can measure destruction and greece [ ... ] had the harder deal first of all , there 's no tally of who was fucked over the most in wwii , but i 'm certain that if there was germany would be very near the top of it . 
  secondly , this this is not about blaming people for what their ancestors may or may not have done . 
  you say that you do n't believe in that but for the past four hours you 've argued the opposite . 
   the uk [ ... ] got off very lightly fuck you . 
  if you 're going to respond to this comment with yet more of the same then please fucking do n't . 
  i 'm tired of reiterating what i 've already said . 
  what he 's saying is that this sub would be much more welcoming if tempers did n't get so inflamed over the subject of leaving the eu . 
  currently the only position you can take in this subreddit without being reviled is to stay in the eu , join the euro and the schengen zone and condemn any briton that wants to leave . 
  since support for staying in the eu is relatively low and support for joining the euro and schengen zone is non-existent most britons feel unwelcome here . 
  and this is / r/europe , not / r/europeanunion . 
  it 's possible to be european and not a citizen of the eu . 
   they are trying to put an end to the topic without admitting their country 's obligation to pay this is an obligation in _ your _ opinion . 
  there is no legal imperative for germany to do anything . 
   would you also rather live in occupied athens than in nazi germany ? 
  neither is more pleasant than the other . 
  both had widespread bombing , war and starvation .
