  this is not a competition about who had it worse so do n't try to frame it that way . 
   hitler had a very high approval rating all though the war well that 's a flawless statistic you 've convinced me  i certainly do n't think modern germans are responsible for the sins of their fathers , although i do think they 're responsible for living up to the treaties their country signed . 
  which they have . 
  your guilt-tripping them does n't support the former part of your statement , however . 
   whitewashing nazi society is not ok . then why do you participate in it ? 
  the germans have refused to pay because they already paid them in the 60s . 
  the greeks demand more for unjust reasons ; they are n't still rebuilding from wwii and thus have no reasonable cause to ask for more . 
  and while i agree that guilt is a poor motivation , i have to disagree that germany are avoiding the topic , they 've firmly said that greece will not receive further reparations . 
   what was wrong with what you wrote was the suggestion that germans suffered under the nazi regime . 
  are you really saying this the nazis suppressed freedom of speech and religion , imprisoned people for listening to radio stations that were n't state approved , enlisted all german children to spy on their families , sent boys as young as eleven to die as cannon-fodder on the front lines , executed non-supporters _ by guillotine _ and interred their own people in extermination camps for expressing doubt in the regime . 
  the city i live in was reduced to dust by the germans , but i 'd rather live under skies full of german bombers than under skies full of british bombers in a country where your every thought could lead to your execution . 
  i 'd refrain from calling them obligations since greece did n't care squat for them until their economic downturn . 
  the greek government is clawing at germany for more money and the germans understandably dislike that . 
  if the germans felt guilty they would already have paid the reparations , your argument makes no sense at all . 
  as for ` one-sided distortion of history ' , i do n't see anything wrong with what i wrote . 
  the germans had more than their share of suffering in wwii just as much as the rest of europe . 
  recognition of that is n't one-sided in the least . 
   germans seem to hear `` wwii reparations '' and melt in a pool of incoherent guilt i 'd say it has more to do with the germans disliking greece 's motive for claiming reparations . 
  any anger felt in germany over wwii is directed towards people who have decided modern germany is to blame for either world war . 
  guilt does n't enter into it and as far as i can tell it never has done . 
  most germans that lived through the second world war have no reason to feel guilty as they had no part in it . 
  i , for one , refuse to put further blame on a nation who suffered from the same bombing attacks as the allies did and had to put up with the nazi regime 's oppression to boot . 
  london is n't populated by innovators , it 's populated by a few dozen russian oligarchs and the 8.3 million people who exist to serve them . 
  lol, 
  what, 
  show me in that documentary where the _ britain good france bad _ agenda is being pushed and i 'll show you a persecution complex . 
  is nobody allowed to criticise france ? 
  you 're quick to jump on the twatty `` the uk dislikes france '' bandwagon but not quick to dispute it 's points . 
  do you actually read the things you say or just wipe your dick on the keyboard and hit enter ? 
  [ london . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4e8vfrtsfu4 ), 
   it 's one of the two decent sorts of cheese that you can find in the uk [ we have more , on-average better , cheeses than france and italy put together , thanks . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_british_cheeses ), 
   scotland and england have vastly differing positions on the eu [ not true . 
  ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3131/scots-want-eu-referendum-but-would-vote-to-stay-in.aspx )  it 's not about canonising or demonising spend roughly five minutes on / r/europe browsing through british political news . 
  the rife and incorrect use of the phrase ` little englander ' is indicative of just how completely wrong you are there . 
  this desire to excuse the scottish , welsh and northern irish is frankly embarrassing . 
   scotland is a modern country with a representative representation election system that accurately reflects the vote of the people in parliament , while westminster with its antiquated first-past-the-post vote continues to uphold an outdated one party rule westminster rules over scotland , wales and northern ireland also , and gets no more support in england than it does elsewhere . 
  the reason this contrast exists is because scotland , wales and northern ireland have devolution in the form of a parliament or assembly , whereas we do not . 
   and before i forget , the house of lords , it 's really time somebody clears out this nest of crooks and pedos . 
  the house of lords was a fine institution until tony blair , a scottish prime minister , dismissed the rights of peers of the realm to sit and instead filled it with his corrupt cronies . 
  this is not an english fault . 
   or look at energy . 
  scotland is turning its head towards renewable energy , nuclear disarmament , civilian as well as militarily , while westmister is building and heavily subsidising nuclear power . 
  that is true , but westminster is made up of scottish , welsh and northern irish politicians who also support that . 
  an issue needs only 15 % of an english vote alongside the scottish , welsh and northern irish vote before it can be passed at the expense of other english mps . 
  such a case happened not so long since , where scottish mps formed the cinch to triple english university fees . 
   england and scotland are n't a good fit and they never were . 
  i agree , but not for the same reasons . 
  this also is n't an english fault ; scotland formed the union . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33wwdm/its_a_week_and_a_half_till_the_uk_general/ ) thread just says everything you need to know about euro-reddit 's understanding of british politics . 
   also , eu immigrants contribute 2 billion pound to the british economy . 
  so , they 're not `` stealing your jobs and money '' . 
  the fact that eu migrants contribute to the economy does n't mean that mass immigration has n't contributed to a job shortage . 
  there are genuine issues the uk is facing such as a lack of housing , jobs and strained health service . 
  these are all caused partially by an influx of migrants . 
  reducing it to `` dey took our jerbs '' is insulting , especially to the scores of working class tradesmen who have lost their market to eastern european migrants . 
   my hope is that scotland and wales go for it alone and leave england where it wants to be , in the past . 
  scotland and wales are exactly the same when it comes to attitudes to the eu according to every single poll conducted on the subject . 
  why are european subreddits so intent on demonising england and canonising scotland and wales as saintly bastions of pro-eu thought ? 
  it 's fucking alienating . 
  idk which schools you 've surveyed but most teach german and a significant number teach italian . 
  you say that as if the rest of europe is any different . 
  there 's definitely more for an artist in london ; there are more galleries , museums and more artists to learn from . 
  east london alone has the highest number of artists per square mile than any other part of europe . 
  london also has a much better arts heritage than berlin , playing host to the pre-raphaelite brotherhood , william turner , jmw turner , hogarth , william blake , barbara hepworth , henry moore and countless others . 
  living in london as an artist is much , much easier than getting by in berlin . 
  london is crawling with collectors and independent galleries , most of which are non-profit organisations looking to showcase upcoming artists . 
  there 's also the added bonus of london being several cities within one ( westminster , camden , kensington , chelsea , etc ) . 
  and if you 're into other cultures , london is the only city in the world with immigrants from literally every single country on earth . 
  if you have the funds and the knowledge necessary to live in london then there 's absolutely no competition . 
  especially if you ca n't speak german . 
  [ angela of the house merkel , the first of her name , queen of berlin , queen of the westphalians , the bavarians and the saxons , lady regnant of the bundesrepublik , protector of the eu , kaiserin of the great grass sea , breaker of greece , mutti of deutschland ] ( http://www.ziher.hr/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/dany-mhysa.png ), 
  german and french are standard here , and spanish and italian are optional . 
  they tend to be forgotten pretty quickly , though , since there are few opportunities to use them in the uk . 
  even outside the uk people tend to switch to english when you talk to them regardless of your proficiency ( or theirs , for that matter ) . 
  i actually remember more fragments of old english and latin than i remember of spanish , which is embarrassing since my ex-gf is spanish . 
  i was raised as a catholic and converted to anglicanism , so my comments should probably be understood in that context . 
  catholics in my experience are almost always more devout than anglicans . 
  most people in england are anglican and , as a result , non-religious . 
  the anglican church has more to do with village f\u00eates , wassailing , sponge cakes and choral music than it has to do with the bible . 
  the church is a social and national institution , but not a particularly spiritual one . 
  catholicism in particular is distrusted pretty widely in england , because it differs so much from our own way and we 've often been at odds with it . 
  it 's a complete antithesis to the anglican church . 
  in most people 's eyes , anglicanism conjures up cosy images of villages , belfast sinks and aga stoves . 
  catholicism brings to mind the conflict in northern ireland and varyingly successful plots to murder members of the royal family . 
  islam is the other main religion on the national concious recently , but most of the tension has faded there as people have come to understand that extremists do n't colour a religion or it 's adherents . 
  mentioning god or putting your faith into your decisions would probably cause people to think you 're a cretin . 
  the anglican church is like an inoculation when it comes to religion ; whilst anglicans might be christians , there is no real christianity there . 
  i 'm assuming you 're american because this sub is absolutely full of americans with the same thread as yours . 
  every other thread is a `` rate my itinerary '' thread in which the op has a set number of days to be in europe and has to visit far too many countries and wants to drive to every single one of them and leave the rental car in another country . 
  while a trip like that _ is _ possible , it 's not enjoyable at all . 
  one way car renting slaps you with a large fee when you take the car into another country . 
  it also is n't quite as simple as hiring the car and dropping it off elsewhere , you 'd need to find a company that has the right sort of car as well as having branches in the countries and cities you want to visit which is as common as rocking horse manure . 
  even if you could find a rental car it 's a poor idea because european roads are not like american ones . 
  they 're not intended for driving extremely long distances from one country to another . 
  i used to drive to paris from england semi-regularly because my ex was scared of flying and the trip took the whole day and left me too exhausted the next day to leave the hotel room . 
  keep your travel limited to overnight trains and use planes for long distances . 
  flights around europe are dirt cheap if you 're willing to put up with a budget airline . 
  i 've seen one-way flights from england to prague for # 35 before which makes it cheaper for me as an englishman to visit prague than it is for me to visit london from my home town .
