   the price per meal you use is probably what it would cost to eat rice and beans which is nutritionally adequate if you add a carrot and an orange per day most people do not want to eat rice , beans , carrots and oranges when they could instead eat processed foods . 
  i do n't know why i have to keep repeating this every single post . 
   the only thing that you think is stopping anyone from eating like this is a notion that food must be feastful to be dignified . 
  butter and milk are not feastful . 
   it would be better , i stipulate , to lower your standard for food so you can spend money on something that is more important than celebrating christmas every day and having a birthday party for breakfast . 
  duchesse potatoes are not christmas food , or birthday party food , they 're just fucking food . 
  they 're a side-dish for literally anything and they 're also irrelevant to this debate . 
  my point is that i eat well and i think others should be provided with the means to do so as well , not made to lower their standards and live in the victorian era . 
   the fact that you think it 's not dignified would be hilarious to me , were it not for the fact that it 's so wrong and ultimately harmful . 
  eating plain rice and beans is a humiliation . 
  it 's wrong and harmful to expect people to eat blandly . 
   i 've proven you can eat cheap and healthful , your only argument against this is you do n't wan na . 
  no , my argument is that what you propose as a healthy diet is not healthy and that it seems like a punishment for people who would rather eat junk food . 
   how is processed food and ready-meals cheaper than rice and beans ( or other similar diets ) ? 
  chicken nuggets at a cheap supermarket like asda are 72p for twenty , a 1.5 kg bag of chips is 75p . 
  that 's at least five meals for # 1.47 , all of which taste much better than plain rice and beans . 
   you probably have and you do n't even know it . 
  alas , it does n't matter . 
  do n't assume you know the first thing about my diet . 
   yes , and that 's still not cheaper per calorie than what i said , is it ? 
  you did n't stipulate ` per calorie ' , and nor do the people who shop in supermarkets . 
  they care about meals , not counting every grain of rice and every single bean they eat . 
   it takes 2 minutes of preparation and 20 minutes for it to get ready from start to finish . 
  it takes four minutes to microwave a ready meal . 
  it takes fifteen to throw some frozen junk into an oven , and it does n't take any supervision in the meantime . 
   they are still more than nutritionally adequate . 
  def more nutritious than fast food . 
  considering that people consume this crap every single day , i do n't think that matters to them . 
   grass-fed beef are no more much healthy than any other beef . 
  they are all shit , really . 
  so people should just stop eating beef because you disapprove of it ? 
  even so , that 's such a non-sequitur , grass-fed beef that 's been hung properly is good meat . 
  it 's nutritious , it 's healthy and it makes good gravy for your sunday roast . 
  it should n't cost the earth , especially next to bad cuts of poorly raised cow , brined for weeks and bombarded with preservatives . 
   again my criticism to you is that you 're saying that the poor should adapt some kind of standard that is above what anyone really needs . 
  right , the poor should just eat their gruel and be thankful for it . 
  they do n't deserve a certain standard of living because they made themselves poor , deliberately and maliciously . 
  in fact , we should n't even allow them gruel , we should open the stately homes for them to beg for scraps under the table and lick the plates after the rich are done with them . 
   here you show that you have grown accustomed to fats , sugar and salt from shit food . 
  i live with a chef and spend the greatest part of my monthly outgoings on good food and drink , it 's one of the greatest pleasures in my life . 
  i would n't dream of serving a guest plain mashed potato when i could add cream , egg yolks and nutmeg , before brushing the piped mash with melted butter and baking them to create that crisp crust on the outside that makes them so fantastic . 
  and that is because i would never , ever expect people to subsist on tasteless bland mush . 
  go to france , or italy , where they have their culinary affairs in order . 
  good food is cheap , and they know how to cook it , every last one of them . 
  i see absolutely no reason to expect people to eat poorly when it 's entirely possible for them to eat well . 
  i also take great offence that somebody would eat plain mashed potato and claim salt is a ` treat ' , and then tell me i do n't know how to eat . 
   you 're insane . 
  why should a poor person take dietary advice from someone who clearly does n't know how to cock cheap food cheaply ? 
  why should they take advice from somebody who thinks plain rice and legumes are a meal ? 
  perhaps factory workers in china would find that acceptable , but as an englishman i have this weird notion that people should be allowed to live with dignity . 
   no , the point is you should be comparing cheap healthy food with cheap unhealthy food . 
  i did . 
  what you contend is that the poor should live on legumes and rice , which most people are not going to do if they can live on processed food and ready-meals for the same price or less . 
   do you really recommend poor people not buy cheap food because `` it does n't taste very good '' no , like i said above , they will go for the unhealthier , better tasting food , than the healthier , dull tasting food . 
   what you 're missing in these foods are the salt , fat and sugar from fast food that you 've become accustomed to . 
  _ i _ have n't become accustomed to anything , neither have the people who live on processed food . 
  i ask you again , do you really think they 'll buy healthy , more expensive food that requires preparation and seasoning , or do you think they 'll buy frozen fish fingers and potato waffles for half the price ? 
   how long does it take to walk to mcdonald 's , order a meal , eat it . 
  and walk home . 
  how long does it take to boil potatoes and eat them ? 
  why are you talking about mcdonalds ? 
   yes , and most products in supermarkets are cheap and healthy also . 
  not true , not true at all . 
  meat in supermarkets has added water , salt , preservatives and colourings . 
  fruit is grown under unnatural conditions that leave them nutritionally deficient . 
  grains and legumes are dried for longevity , with the same effect . 
  supermarkets put profit above all else , which leads to inferior produce . 
  the way i see it , you have several options . 
  the best option is to shop at a market , since the prices are low and the quality is high . 
  this is not possible for most poor people , as the markets are held while they are at work . 
  the next best option is to buy premium supermarket produce - free range eggs , grass-fed beef and organic vegetables . 
  this is again , barred for poor people because they can not afford it . 
  the next option is to buy ` fresh ' supermarket food - pork with added water , fruit grown in unnatural conditions and if you fancy some chocolate , vegetable-fat based , low-cocoa rubbish . 
  this is available to poor people , but most choose not to follow it because they do not have time to prepare the food . 
  this leaves them with the only remaining option : processed , frozen junk food . 
  it 's cheap , varied , tastes acceptable and is quick to make . 
  it 'll fatten them up and make them weak , but it 's not as though they have a choice . 
   two heads of broccoli will cost me a euro at my local store . 
  that lasts me for two meals . 
  i can eat that with potatoes , which will run about the same for two meals ( that 's a lot of potatoes ) . 
  i can mash the potatoes , then i do n't have to make a sauce ( although i can make a sauce with water , vegetable stock and flour if i care to ) . 
  right , but that takes time , which they do not have . 
  it also does n't taste good . 
  mash is inedible without added butter and milk . 
  broccoli requires salt , vinegar and olive oil , not to mention the time taken to steam . 
  if you can get by on that , and actually eat gravy made simply with flour and stock , then good for you , but you wo n't find many people similarly numb in the mouth . 
   i can buy two kilos of oats for 1.5 euro , a jars of peanut butter for 2 euros . 
  that 's about 4 euros for 20 days worth of breakfast , so about 20 cents per day . 
  and for # 1 you can buy a kilo of nutritionally void rice crispies and wash them down with 95p of gross uht milk every couple of weeks . 
  necessity is the mother of invention , and the supermarkets ' quest for profit has led to a number of ways to produce cheap , inferior food . 
   it 's shit food still . 
  and you think they care ? 
   you 're comparing cheap shit food with expensive healthy food , that is the problem with your conclusion . 
  ... that 's the entire point . 
  healthy food is expensive , unhealthy food is cheap . 
  the only unhealthy foods that are n't expensive are staples that need to be cooked or prepared a certain way to taste good . 
   you do n't need to make it interesting . 
  like i said earlier , given the option of pre-seasoned chicken nuggets and a more expensive whole processed chicken , which do you think people would pick ? 
  you might take no joy in eating , but the majority of people want to taste their food . 
   who are these people who do n't have an hour to spare weekly , but have half an hour to spend daily driving to and from fast food joints ?
