  i have literally no idea what you 're talking about here . 
   and why are you talking about markets ? 
  you think the only way to get potatoes are from a farmer 's market , or what are you talking about ? 
  most items sold in markets are cheap , fresh and healthy . 
  they 'd be the solution to this problem if they were held at times that working people could attend them . 
   the problem is not lack of time nor resources , the problem is lack of knowledge . 
  right now you 're showing lack of knowledge also . 
  i mentioned that several posts ago , and i also do n't take kindly to that accusation from someone who ca n't google ` clean eating ' or understand that processed food is cheaper than fresh food for several very obvious reasons . 
   so whole foods . 
  or food , as i like to call it . 
  processed food is also food . 
  when asked what marque of car you have , do you reply that you have a car and not a jaguar ? 
  would it hurt you to not be an arse ? 
   cooking rice is easier than `` bake at 200 \u00b0 for fifteen minutes '' . 
  boiling potatoes are easier still . 
  right , but unless you want to live on new potatoes and plain rice , the only alternative is processed food . 
  people want to eat a varied diet , poverty restricts that . 
   `` clean '' is not a proper term for food , i do n't know what you mean with it . 
  clean eating ; i.e using only fresh ingredients without preservatives or flavourings and preparing all food yourself . 
  this is difficult for the poor , who lack the time to shop at a market or prepare dishes in an interesting way . 
  as noted in the above article , this trend has resulted in higher food prices for quality food . 
  free range eggs are better than battery eggs , grass-fed beef is better than beef with added water and colourings and organic rhubarb is better than forced-growth ; but they are all more expensive and they do n't guarantee a varied diet . 
  when an organic free-range large chicken is # 9 and a battery raised small chicken with added water , colourings , flavourings and preservatives is # 5 , and a family-size pack of frozen chicken nuggets is # 1 , which do you think the poor would pick ? 
  lots of supermarket food is bloated with added water , flavourings , salt and preservatives , so much so that they are n't healthy anymore . 
  if you want to have a varied diet the cheapest option is to buy frozen processed crapola . 
  the price issue has stemmed from middle class trends of clean eating . 
  they were willing to pay more for fresh food , so the supermarkets rose their prices in response to that . 
  on top of that you have to consider that the very poorest are more than likely to be the least educated . 
  food education in high school only lasts until you 're fourteen and is easily forgotten . 
  these people know little about food preparation besides ` bake at 200 \u00b0 for fifteen minutes ' . 
  pair that with the likelihood of their working long hours and they do n't have the time or knowledge to have a healthy diet . 
  situation is dire please send cheap universities and free prescriptions, 
   ( unless salmon is really a cheap food in the uk ; here it is kind of a luxury , costing something like 2-3x the cost of chicken ) . 
  being an island full of rivers and lakes means we have plenty of fish to use up . 
  the article is pretty spot-on in its analysis , the sample foods are staples that should cost a lot less than they do . 
  i do n't know why you put homophobes in quotes , if you think that gay people getting married ruins your own marriage you * are * homophobic . 
  at least have the decency to admit that . 
  everything is going [ very american east coast ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k66ue.jpg ) for summer which blends in pretty well with [ ordinary english clothing ] ( http://timelesselegance.pl/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/men-preppy-style-01.jpg ) . 
  as for women , they seem to be wearing big floppy hats a lot and that 's all i 've really noticed . 
  elgar is famous for [ land of hope and glory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpewpk_dl7m ) and [ nimrod ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqvovgct5lw ) . 
  land of hope and glory is about england , like most of his works , so they 're largely unheard of outside the uk . 
  nimrod is very famous , i think . 
  holst is a late romantic composer who wanted to compose a musical equivalent of the english language . 
  he 's mainly popular for composing the planetary suite , a series of pieces written in the style of the god each planet is named after . 
  [ jupiter , bringer of jollity ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz0b4stz1lo ) , and [ mars , bringer of war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0bcrccg01i ) are the best , if you ask me . 
  elgar and holst are much more famous in england than they are outside , i think . 
  it probably has something to do with the last night of the proms , i do n't think a year has passed without both of them being played . 
  i 'm gon na start documenting times when the french and their ilk use the phrase anglo-saxon to prefix things they do n't like so nobody can call me paranoid next time i point it out . 
  as for breaking up the eurozone , it clearly does a good enough job itself . 
  i doubt that , you 'd never be able to hawk them and the forgeries would be subject to carbon dating or analysis at some point since they 're in a museum . 
   expect rains and stupid people a swing and a miss . 
   segregation is when a law forces people to separate . 
  [ ding dong you are wrong ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/segregation )  when people separate naturally for cultural reasons , that 's communautarism . 
  ` communautarism ' is a crock of shit . 
  a french attempt to feel different . 
  segregation is precisely the same thing , do n't attempt to lecture me on the use of the english language . 
   dna defines people . 
  determinism is also a crock of shit , but if you 're going to accuse me of xenophobia , do n't turn around and tell me that non-european genes cause disruptive behaviour . 
  especially as an algerian . 
   de facto , the british multicural model is being enforced by the eu . 
  the made-up ` british multicultural model ' was forced on the uk by the eu , ipso facto it is not a british invention . 
  i do n't know how many other ways there are to rephrase this for you . 
   you might have noticed i 'm a eurosceptic ? 
  and again , french people see this , and they turn to the fn , because they want their borders back and immigration from african/muslim countries to stop . 
  i have no fucking time for anyone who thinks france is more euroskeptic than england . 
  french moaning about english border protection is loud enough to hear from dover , your complete inversion of the facts is fucking fascinating . 
   they pile into calais because they want to join their families who are already in the uk their families are in calais with them . 
  they moved via the schengen zone and were blocked entry into england because of england 's refusal to join the schengen zone , hand in hand with our sensible immigration policies . 
   england is only protected because it 's an island you think england is an island , but i 'm the fool ? 
  christ almighty . 
   if the uk does not help france might turn a blind eye and let them cross except france does n't have that power , since british border control is in france and vice versa . 
  you , personally , do n't have that power either . 
  the graceful feat of mental gymnastics you went through to reach these conclusions was absolutely beautiful , though . 
  it must take a will of iron to not only ignore facts , but to completely invert them . 
   you do n't need my help to find these articles , the british media is full of it . 
  okay , while we 're making generalisations , i 'm going to mention that i hear the french moaning about their appearance in the british press very often . 
  all i have to say to that is , there 's no smoke without fire . 
   everyone in europe  euractiv.com jesus wept . 
   france and england have been fraternal enemies for hundreds of years . 
  france and england have warred , yes , but france and england also founded the entente cordiale and took down germany in wwi & wwii . 
  clearly your understanding of history has the clarity of mud and all the dogma of the catholic church . 
  why the french care so much about a non-existent rivalry , i 'll never know . 
   do i think the french aristocracy has never earned money ? 
  no i do n't that is literally what you said , word-for-word . 
   unlike you , i like history and i do n't spout off nonsense . 
  ... because this post is a furious comet of common sense sailing righteously towards the british multiculturalism and french assimilation that absolutely , 100 % , certifiably exists . 
   and again you 're making mistakes . 
  the french aristocracy was mainly destroyed by the french revolution . 
  which was caused by aristocratic consumption during a time when france was penniless . 
  your ridiculous assertion that the french aristocracy lived on savings while the british aristocracy earns is demonstrably false , when the british aristocracy were and still are prohibited from having a career and the french aristocracy killed itself off by living beyond it 's means . 
  the only saving the french aristocracy managed was the hoarding of grain during a famine , for which their heads decorated the place de la concorde . 
   they 're turning the world into a huge supermarket , where cultural identities are erased , mobility of workers and mass immigration are creating a clash of civilization , the middle class is crushed , a new underclass of workers is created around the world ask the british public who is doing these things and the answer is likely to begin with european and end with union . 
  british ` multiculturalism ' is made possible only by eu regulations , of which france is at least partially responsible . 
   i understand that you might be shocked about it , you 're not familiar with it as it clashes with british multiculturalism . 
  communautarism is not a concept up for debate in the uk , it 's just the way people live . 
  ` british multiculturalism ' is not a thing , no matter how much a euractiv article says it is . 
  ` communautarism ' , which is called segregation in real money , is not a french concept and nor is it a shocking idea . 
  segregation amongst minorities is a hot topic in british politics . 
  but with your catastrophic understanding of british politics and history , i wo n't expect you to understand that . 
   you think that a bit of algerian blood makes someone algerian ?
