  no , i think being half-algerian makes one algerian . 
  the lady doth protest too much , methinks . 
  if you really , honestly believe that france is a paradise of assimilation , feel free to explain marseilles , the most dangerous city in europe , or the parisian no-go zones . 
  are they britain 's fault ? 
  what abstract explanation do you have for those ? 
   migrants come to calais precisely because they want to enter the uk , they see the british multicultural model as more welcoming and easier than the french one . 
  they pile into calais because they speak english . 
  they stay in calais because england 's immigration laws are more sensible than those of france . 
  people in glass houses , and all that . 
  they were n't barred from the event , a students ' union representative posted about it on facebook asking white people or men not to attend , and then the students ' union stood behind that . 
  there 's nothing stopping anyone white or male from showing up anyway . 
  the student who said that has no authority over any other student . 
  it 's one thing for white people and men to be _ asked _ not to attend an event by a non-authoritative students ' union representative and another for all white people and men to be banned completely from every anti-racism event occurring at ucl . 
  the first is an idiot student saying something ridiculous , the second is institutional racism and sexism as well as blatantly false . 
  what is n't ironic about being racist at an anti-racist rally ? 
  sensationalising the title to attract more views . 
  the actual title of the article is `` students ' union backs excluding white people from ` anti-racism ' events '' . 
  that summarises that the students ' union of ucl have backed a union representative who ironically asked white people and men to stay away from an anti-racism event . 
  the part of the title you added misrepresents the truth ; white people and men are not banned from attending anti-racism events on any uk campus . 
  if the presence of white people in england is a micro-aggression for them i 'm honestly amazed that they made it out of the womb and all the way to ucl . 
  y' know editorialising is against / r/europe 's rules right ? 
  a more accurate title would be `` students ' union representative asks white and/or male people not to attend event , is raked through reddit for karma '' . 
  you have that backwards . 
  the legislation says a company can not have ' a policy of treating persons who share the protected characteristic more favourably in connection with recruitment or promotion than persons who do not share it '' . 
  this is merely saying you _ can _ hire a disabled/female/homosexual person instead of an able bodied/male/heterosexual person . 
  it also stipulates that `` a [ must be ] as qualified as b to be recruited or promoted '' , which is the axis on which positive discrimination spins . 
  discrimination is not legal in the uk . 
  and yet it 's still illegal . 
  [ cambridge ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/positive-discrimination ) defines it differently , but it seems most dictionaries define it similarly to oxford . 
  weird . 
  positive discrimination is more in the line of women being bought drinks at a bar or having the door held open for them . 
  inconsequential stuff . 
  actual discrimination of any sort is completely illegal when it comes to hiring people or providing services . 
  after the russian annexation of crimea went largely ignored by the us , i do n't think we can really say that . 
  the only countries we can certainly say would defend an eu state are other eu states . 
  the uk , france , spain and italy are the only nations with armies that are capable of that . 
   that is n't possible , there are negative effects attached to anything . 
  well of course there are , the fact that eu membership comes at such a high price is one of those . 
  the eu needs to take as much as it gives . 
  my point instead is that systems that unfairly benefit certain nations and have a large negative impact on others , like the cap , are thrown out in favour of a fairer system , drying up the need for rebates or exceptions . 
  what that is , i do n't know , but i do think fairness has to be an eu doctrine in future . 
   the british and the americans have criticized the french assimilation for a very long time [ citation needed ]  it 's a cultural difference between france and the uk . 
  when it comes to unassimilated immigration , france is _ far _ worse off than the uk . 
  thankfully , as an island nation , we have been shielded from the worst of the schengen zone 's nonsense . 
  think of that the next time you drive through calais . 
   the duc de la rochefoucauld was entitled to his own opinions was n't he he 's entitled to an opinion , he is n't entitled to prefix his opinions with misplaced xenophobia . 
   the protestant english liked to earn , the catholic french liked to save which is precisely the reason the english aristocracy are still in place while the french aristocracy no longer exist . 
  grain stores and all that . 
  but if you think the french aristocracy have never earned money , i 'd like for you to take off your blinkers and think about the choices you made in order to believe that . 
   so if something is anglo-saxon then i can not dislike it that 's a deliberate misrepresentation of what i said . 
  what i said was that anglo-saxon is not a french phrase for ` thing i find distasteful ' , it 's an ethnicity . 
  if i used afro as a prefix for things i disliked - the afro tendency to mix shit and vomit together and drink it as a medicine , for example , you would be similarly annoyed . 
   i am serious about native europeans becoming minorities in europe one day i ca n't help but ponder what caused an algerian to oppose muslim immigration to france . 
  in the meantime , take solace in england 's lower rates of immigration , or the migrant camps that house thousands in calais who are unable to enter england . 
  soak up all that ` french assimilation ' and ` anglo-saxon multiculturalism ' . 
   the multicultural model is a very anglo-saxon thing considering that the saxons are renowned for driving the celts out of england to create a mono-ethnic state i 'm failing to see what you 're getting at . 
  i 'm honestly tired of the french propensity to stick ` anglo-saxon ' in front of anything they dislike . 
  see also , the time that the duke of rochefoucauld called the concept of earning money a terrible , anglo-saxon thing . 
  anglo-saxon is not a pejorative and it is not a phrase meaning ` thing i do n't like ' . 
   they 'll become a cultural minority in the next decades in their own country . 
  you can not be serious, 
  the exact same situation is seen in all corners of europe and was n't voted for by any anglo-saxon nation any more than it was voted for elsewhere . 
  i know being french comes with a lot of baggage when it comes to england , but do try to steer clear of raking england into situations that have patently nothing to do with her . 
  i get the feeling this is just going to create more tension . 
  the eu needs to work out a system that allows all member states to get what they need from the union and avoid any negative effects . 
  eking out exceptions for the uk alone is n't going to cut it when denmark , the netherlands and sweden are also becoming increasingly euroskeptic . 
  remember , everyone , it 's the west that 's victimising russia . 
  what the actual fuck are you even talking about, 
   why you think an election is `` extremely unlikely '' is beyond me . 
  the chances of the conservatives winning the election are 50:50 as you say . 
  the chance of them delivering on their promise is even lower still . 
  i do n't think it 'll ever come to fruition . 
  i have no idea why it 's so widely discussed in this subreddit since a referendum is extremely unlikely to happen and there 's very little discussion of it . 
  maybe ukip 's constant fuck-ups keep it fresh in everyone 's minds or something . 
   how could you possibly have a home secretary , education secretary , or prime minister be unable to vote on their own proposals ? 
  `` if you do n't specifically mention something i 'll assume the worst ! '', 
  - you, 
  you gave an example of a political cartoon designed to lampoon politicians as evidence of racism and a picture of nicola sturgeon 's head photoshopped onto miley cyrus as evidence of sexism . 
  i replied that the cartoon was like that to all politicians , including english ones . 
  the wodehouse image of david cameron and little english depiction of nigel farage is ` racism ' in the same vein that the cartoon you linked to was ` racism ' . 
  note that these are caricatures , intended to exaggerate and mock . 
  you do n't get a free pass for being scottish . 
  the only reason i 'm having to stress this is that scottish sensitivity to racism is at an all time high , even calling the lewes bonfire float of alex salmond racist . 
  complete nonsense . 
  if you would like some actual xenophobia , i 'll relink [ this poll ] ( http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/which-of-the-following-qualities-do-you-think-best-describe-english-people ) , in which scottish voters decided the five characteristics that describe the english best are arrogance , unfriendliness , rudeness , racism and xenophobia and whinging . 
  what a lovely people you are . 
  no , my rebuttal to that is that opinion pieces are just that - opinion . 
  there is nothing authoritative in the opinions of polly toynbee , which makes them useless as citations . 
   go have a think about how evel , as proposed , would work . 
  how could it not neuter the cabinet system . 
  evel has n't completely worked out yet , since it 's unlikely to even happen . 
  if it were to happen it would likely except the prime minister . 
  i 'd probably be more likely to care about that if that was indeed what the scottish public cared about , but it is n't . 
  reflected in the snp website is the widespread opinion that [ they are dismayed the attention is on england ] ( http://www.snp.org/media-centre/news/2015/feb/hagues-evel-plans-are-confused-and-shambolic ) , for once . 
  please tell me how , i 'm dying to hear . 
  if they were , england would be getting the most pandering . 
   it 's not like ukip are threatening to cut # 1200 per capita from a # 12000pc budget for scotland which would leave scotland still # 2300 better off per head than england 's # 8500 . 
   it 's not like cameron is pandering to english nationalists with his carlisle principle ensuring scottish institutions ca n't discriminate against english people is pandering to english nationalism in your mind ? 
  amazing . 
   malformed evel proposals english people voting solely on english laws just as scottish msps vote on scottish laws is pandering to nationalists ?
