  i was dining at a restaurant . 
  i chose the same homemade burger than my so and i was asked for the cooking . 
  i 'm a rare girl and he 's mid rare ... 
  but a few months ago i dined in a fancier restaurant ( not a typical parisian troquet , the chef was from lyon with lots of medals and stuff ) and i was n't asked . 
  i guessed he wanted some creative licence because the menu was not furnished but the plates were truly exquisite and presented like in cooking contests for pros my mom likes to watch ( she has a cooking degree herself and has been working in one of such parisian regular caf\u00e9 / bar/restaurant and comments them a lot it 's enlightening ) . 
  the day i finished to write my only ( imho ) good fanfiction and started reading the reviews and saw the amount of favourites it got on ffnet . 
  i was so proud and it was absolutely great compared to everything i had written before . 
  i never quite managed to reproduce that but it made me want to be a writer of children books . 
  ( yes , a fanfic written as a children book , you heard right ), 
  well , healthy womb here : it hurts when a motherfucker whenever i ovulate . 
  however , i guess people with conditions might take measures and check with ovulation tests or other check ups your gf 's doctors would know about . 
  thanks , i actually think i can make it , now . 
  i am the citadel . 
  yeah , my mom got her first cell phone in 97 in france with a big ass itineris logo slapped on it . 
  she did n't have a lot of people to text with but i definitely noticed the function when looking for the snake game . 
  i have these unique boots from warbands which give you advantages when you run on chilled , burning , shocking , desecrating ground . 
  this is so unfair !, 
  as a woman , i dig this . 
  i always remember motherloe but !, 
  ; does n't work with it . 
  or it might have up til 2 , i just spent more time on 3 because the 2nd was my step sister 's and we did n't visit often . 
  my old high school is a huge thing in the middle of the woods . 
  whenever we needed a nice place to drink booze disceetly we 'd skirt the security measures ( teachers were attacked with knives , we were considered a place with security risks + it 's in a zep so more state money for a poor neighbourhood ), 
  it was surprisingly easy . 
  there are three official entrances : junior school , high school and cars which , in france are for school staff and deliveries only . 
  so the thing was surrounded by a wire fence . 
  of course it was cut on a regular basis so people would bring booze , expelled students would come and play basketball or football with us at recess and hang out ... 
  not exactly secret , but after the second stabbing ( by someone who entered with a stolen badge at the front ) , they made more efforts to seal the breaches ... 
  which was a shame because i used it whenever i ran late . 
  the front door was only open for ten minutes each hour to allow students to go to their classes . 
  this was good times . 
  my favourite place to get drunk was the toilets at the junction of buildings b and c which were actually the main building and its wing . 
  i had all my classes in b and c is where i met my bff who was studying in the special rooms with materials to study several fields of engineering . 
  also , it was near the teacher 's room at the second floor ... nobody expected anyone to drink there . 
  as i said ... best of times . 
  i wonder how it 's going now . 
  well , muslims do say it in countries with a majority of muslims , i 'm pretty sure it 's a thing a politician can say in israel too . 
  it does n't make theocracies less ridiculous . 
  the number of times i found money in my pockets because i always buy oversized clothes with giant pockets is amazing . 
  every winter/summer when i dust off my seasonal clothes , i feel rich . 
  of course , in winter , there 's always more in my winter coat . 
  multiple playthroughs so i can romance the shit out of everyone . 
  ( garrus 3 times , cullen 2 times , fenris 6 times , anders 3 times , alistair 2 times , leliana 1 , zevran 1 , jack 1 , kaidan alenko : friend with benefits . ), 
  i have the tits but i hate showing them off to anyone but people i 'd like to have sex with and doctors . 
  so no webcam . 
  at all . 
  non negotiable . 
  i edited my post, 
  i edited my post, 
  i edited my post, 
  was it ? 
  anyway , you can find me almost anywhere with that same username ... 
  of course if you 're a supermodel and enjoy videogames , you 're welcome , but we 're here to play games not stare at your abs/boobs , if i wanted to do that i 'd go to pornhub , not twitch . 
  that 's my strategy with hiawatha ... 
  now if someone could make shirts for girls with bigger boobs and a flat ( ter ) stomach ... 
  the only time i worked for a non profit as an employee and not a volunteer , i was so happy to get that minimum wage part time position for six weeks . 
  it was also my first real job . 
   to making franche-comt\u00e9 a better place, 
  fixed, 
  i broke a fight once . 
  i split my lip taking a blow . 
  but i heard the guys reconciled because i intervened and was hurt because of them . 
  i 'd never be so selfless while sober . 
  especially whem the fighters are as wasted as we were . 
  it 's actually a classic . 
  i 'm the only one of my family who 's into metal , though my mom enjoys heavy and my siblings like classic rock . 
  and my sister 's spotify 's still logged in , so i intersped r & b , rap , reggaeton , zouk and other african musics with some metallica , children of bodom , nightwish and a drop of amon amarth . 
  she actually followed the artists she told me ( because she was no fool , she knew it was me ) . 
  i 'm 25 on the ninth , what does that make me ? 
  my method to find out if the moon is waxing or waning does n't work south of the tropics . 
  what am i to do ? 
  on the internet : penis size of fictional characters . 
  in real life : why i was trying to remove the engine part of a small kitchen tool to clean it after making mashed potatoes when i could just watch what i was doing . 
  we seriously still argue about why i try to remove as much risks as possible before soing one thing . 
  we also argued about putting the spare boards for the furniture we built farther away because i 'm convinced i 'll always stubb my toes and knees and he just says `` watch where you fucking walk i 'm not moving my shit '' it 's infuriating ... 
  it was my understanding that terminology says `` assigned male '' , but it 's correct . 
  i hope she keeps playing high level league , she was the only support i really looked forward to see play this season . 
  do n't forget insisting that fukushima did not contaminate the soil or the plants growing in them , making them absolutely fit for consumption with nothing more than a dressing and a grain of salt . 
  german communists . 
  it was really funny one day on tumblr when some anon there told me i was some sort of `` uncle tom '' because i did n't speak about black history month on my blog , even accused me of stealing selfies to make me look black . 
  i 'm french , i did n't even know what bhm was until three years ago when i first created the damn blog !, 
  ** sweats and looks around nervously **, 
  she uses her gender as a campaign argument , i ca n't stand it in hillary because she has been part of the `` boys club '' for a very long time thanks to white money priviledge . 
  being a woman will get her slurs and some people wo n't vote for her sure . 
  i 'm not certain what establishment means ( en not first language ) but i know for absolutely sure that someone endorsed by so many people from the day she declared she was running for presidency means that she is definitely priviledged . 
  it was hard work because she 's a woman , but i 'm certain her money and business sense worked more than other parts of her brains . 
  also , texas is five times france . 
  so the omelette is always dressed to the nines, 
  that 's why french people buy their cigarettes in spain/belgium/italy ( rayez la ( les ) mention ( s ) inutile ( s ) ), 
  just googled currency conversion . 
  i have a newfound appreciation for french beef meat prices . 
  i always thought those were the coolest but nobody in my class had read about scandinavian mythology . 
  and now kids , this is how you make sure boys wo n't touch you with a six foot pole until you grow boobs . 
  i think the gym trainer using electric pokemons has a raichu , but that 's about it . 
  i did n't listen in geography class it seems . 
  dare i turn it into a contest ? 
  i do n't plan on telling my mom i 'm bisexual even though she 's a lesbian . 
  she 's not biphobic or anything . 
  i think it comes from that period cps was onto us for physical and emotional abuse and the shrink told me i was at risk of repeating my mother 's mistakes . 
  my mom regrets them now and she did n't beat us unless we had stolen money or something , but when i discovered i liked women , i suppose the only thing i thought was `` omg i 'm like mom , i 'll beat my kids and guilt trip them when they get bad grades '' and i could n't stand it for a very long time .
