  ** gets a new kitten **, 
  if marriage brings you healthcare , do it . 
  source : contracted a pacs with so for better looking glasses ( welfare state only gives you so much budget ... ), 
  my cat opens the fridge and most dors if there is n't a closing mechanism . 
  he sinks his claws in the rubber or simply pulls with his paw from below . 
  it helps that he 's a huge brute . 
  we 're keeping my sister 's kitten while she joins the military and she was afraid he was going to eat her baby y' kno ... 
  still has n't happenedbyet but the baby wants to play is starting to get on his nerves . 
  this night he came and hid beneath the covers with us because shz would n't stop poking him to play fight . 
  so two clever things even if he had n't calculated the heat our three bodies would give off , my hubby told me he left by the time i fell asleep . 
  and for now kitten has n't shown much intelligence . 
  she 's just a bully . 
  a fifteen centimeters long , 300g bully scaring off a 1m 7kg piece of meat . 
  i hear them hissing still ... 
  makes me extremely happy that even though my grand father is dying ( like amnesiac mummy in a hospital bed does n't recogniae his children when they 're in front of him ) , she 's still laughing with her sisters when they crack a joke ... hope it continues when he 's gone . 
  i was vaccinating a kitten today . 
  at the vet there was this malinois ( excuse me for french names of breeds ... ) playing at attention whore and treated thz lobby as her hugging and smooches machine . 
  my cat liked her . 
  there was an old lady waiting for a diagnosis on her own cat who scratched her belly . 
  then i was called and so was the malinois and her mistress so i went ahead with my business . 
  my cat is four months old and is actually my sister 's . 
  the baby was rejected from the tit ( still taught how to behave and go potty but she had to be bottle fed as the mother did n't let her near her tits ... ) . 
  we galk , we vacvinate the baby and the nurse barges in on the doctor and us and tells us the old lady 's cat has fiv ( cat 's aids ) . 
  so she makes me wait since i have a healthy preteen and i wait . 
  when i come out , i see the lady in tears trying to walk and smile i ask her if she 's okay , she tells me she 's not and i sadly smile and let her pet my own . 
  she 's called back into the room and i see a dog with a broken leg . 
  i know my sister made the little one visit her litter mates and met dogs so i try to put the cat bag close but she hisses . 
  i figure out that i should n't have done that with a dog with injury induced stress ( big berger , i thing berger allemand judging on the fur ... ), 
  while i wait for the bill to be printed a man comes in and asks about his old 19 years old cat who stopped eating and used to go out but now stays indoors on the same chair . 
  the nurse asks if he drinks or moves . 
  he answers just from the armchair to the place where he accepts to drink a little bit of milk , no solids , and he still moves to take a piss at the appropriate place and he 's blind . 
  the nurse explains thatbhe 's probably just a bit old and can come for a stomach exam . 
  meanwhile maybe trying to make him eat cream or cheese because there are more proteins . 
  the man is really happy and says `` i was scared we 'd have to euthanise him !, 
  i hope he stays with us a few more years . '', 
  and the nurse tells them they just incinerated a 23 years old cat the day before because of a kidney disease contracted in infancy so there was hope . 
  i paid my bill when he went away , i did n't want to pry so i did n't stay to hear if the fiv positive cat was going to be treated or euthanised , the lady had seemed so devastated ... and my little one was shifting in the bag trying not to stand in her urine so ... time to go home !, 
  tldr : i hope i gave you more hope in humanity by telling you how owners can care and be deeply attached to their pets : my sister gave hers to me because she know i know cats and have money , met a man unwilling to euthanise his pet despite signs of old age , another coming to treat his dog 's broken leg and a lady devastated by an often fatal disease in her cat . 
  also free hugs malinois getting her belly rubs from owners and nurses in the clinic !, 
  the only movie i considered walkibg out of the room for was transformers 2 and i did n't because my boyfriend ( now husband ) had paid the ticket , it seemed disrespectful to him , even if michael bay and megan fox deserved it ... 
  so basically , the free travels part of schengen applied to commonwealth countries ? 
  well , fuck me ray bradbury . 
  he 'll find a way to turn this info to his advantage . 
  well , considering the only now dead person i knew who did not directly die of head injury was actually suffering from dementia and old age , i think evolution , for our own safety should backpedal a bit ... 
  hope it made les r\u00e9publicains use the word daesch like they used to for at least a day . 
  people who read the media well or watch le petit journal will understand what i mean ... 
  well , the only clue this is cosplay is that she missed the little right cheek scar at makeup and her sword is obviously foam , even if the armour is very very well made so it does n't look so fake . 
  the photo was edited mostly for colour and lighting it 's actually as mych a good work as crafting an armour and a sword . 
  photoshop demands skills too . 
  my work laptop pc can run skyrim at 30 fps , i used it to play mobas on the go . 
  that and civ5 when i 'm at my mom and i 'm bored . 
  why not make it like akali 's ult ? 
  since it does n't dash like hers , having him gain a charge on kill ( no assist ) should not be too op ... 
  i 'd rather not see any living animal on fire thank you . 
  this of course includes humans . 
  i sometimes try to remember my early childhood and get scared doing so so i ask my mom about them . 
  there are many that leave me upset because i now realise the great misery we were in or how it happened when i was so young and no child should ever feel like that ever :, 
  i have a dark memory of being scared in a room full of women who looked angry and watching tv . 
  i was scared they would start to fight and hurt me : this was in a single mothers shelter our dad had left us in while he looked for jobs and renewed his visa ... 
  my little sister 's funeral , also the first time i met my grand parents . 
  i remember holding the stroller where my little brother was seated and being in new clothes because i had few of those , usually my mother 's shortened clothing . 
  this was quality and african in style , i guessed my grand mother had made it for me , she still sews a lot of clothing for her grand kids , i have two dresses at home i use as nightwear ... 
  then we had a home with relatives of my father , i had never seen so many black people in one pkace , i 'd always been in places were there were a lot of different colours of people and here it was black people everywhere , it felt strange . 
  anyway , there was an attic that was off limits . 
  however my little brother had started to walk around so i followed him upstairs and we played for a while on toy vehicles except it was a room so big , bigger than even the shelter , and it was so cold ... we were about to leave because it gave me the creeps ( brother too young to call me chicken or anything really i was bigger than him and he qas in this period where it 's all yes , no or mamaaaaaaaa ! ), 
  when we got caught by a witch !, 
  who turned out to be `` auntie '' charlotte or whatever , one of my father 's `` relatives '' who yelled at us that kids had no business here and chased us with a broom . 
  downstairs , my mom was n't there , only my actual aunt jacqueline who scolded us again , but she was less `` evil sorceressy '' because we had seen her at the funeral and knew her better ( also she 's actually my father 's sister ) and she also gave us biscuits because it was 4pm and her kids were having tea at this time too . 
  then i do n't know how many months later , i fell down a flight of stone stairs during one of my father 's jazz band 's rehearsals in the garage and i was looking for the source of the music or him idk . 
  the guys played songs to make me feel better , apparently i did n't hurt myself too bad but my mom 's terrible shriek when i fell probably sent child me into the land of `` something bad happened let 's vocalise my anxiety '' . 
  i remember thinking my dad 's band mates were arab angels instead of black angels because they were tall and most of them were white like my arab mom . 
  tldr : remembering stuff from before you 're five is scary because everything is so big it 's frightening and everyone is a witch or an angel . 
  do n't shit talk the master shit talker kid . 
  well fucking done luna !, 
  why so serious ? 
  i might not play khazix in particular but there are like as much lol champions than pokemons by now , i know the game , been playing since 2010 . 
  also please bring arguments next time , the other guys who responded to my comments did . 
  and finally , as popular as reddit is among riot devs , do you really think they take into account every two cents that 's thrown onto social media and include it in the game everytime ? 
  after people with actual arguments have weighted pros and cons in a polite enthusiast debate , this idea might be taken up higher by a community manager in his californian office and maybe it will please the devs and they 'll think about it . 
  several days and or months will happen before they assign a guy to draw them a picture of what is actually feasible in the state of the game , making it as viable and balanced as they can . 
  on powerpoint probably with lots of ugly figures and transitions . 
  so no , us shitters who have literally a little idea how kha ` zix works cuz i liked to play him mid back in s4 or in featured game modes such as one for all literally wo n't stop tossing ideas into the pot so it can be properly stirred into a constructive debate , thank you . 
  thank you for your comment and your time . 
  the reason why i uninstalled the game and guess what ?!!, 
  they made an android version not two days after and i uninstalled that game for fucking nothing because i 'm wasting precious time in my life in freaking brawls !, 
  or zeus . 
  or odin . 
  you know the guys who invented it all . 
  french ppl usually get the dumbledore , but some instead of pronoucing it just like that with a pronounced \u00f6 sound as the e , do say dumb-le-dore , usually very young kids or people who never heard english in their lives . 
  ( which is hard to find because music ), 
  in the first movie , you can hear some of the french voice actors , do n't remember which one , saying it once or twice . 
  i laughed in the movie theatre i remember well , because i thought i was so good at english , what with harry potter making me go to the library to get more material to learn more than school was giving me at the time . 
  i usually find it hilarious now as an adult to have six or seven years olds read the name and say dumb le dore , sometimes even dumb le dor\u00e9 . 
  it 's starting to be a tad more rare , though , even if they did n't hear spoken or sung english , they know about harry potter and know it 's deumme-beule-d'or . 
  edit : considering the addition of links to vocal examples but this os going a bit far outside the original topic ... 
  it 's a nordic tradition , swedish kings have to tour their country once elected by a council to submit themselves to the people and see their popularity . 
  do n't know too much about swedish history though so i do n't know if a king was rejected by the people even once . 
  maybe gustav vaasa ? 
  my few finnish history classes at uni made him sound like a dick . 
  is wearing a hijab without following the islam religion considered cultural appropriation by american standards ?
