  my mom loves everyone of her children sweethearts so ... 
  it 's been seven years now . 
  my first game with olaf when the champ was just released . 
  i feel old . 
  i think someone says it in the books too . 
  i also think that 's why davos seaworth is a very important character . 
  poor smuggler from flea bottom got ta keep the cast grounded . 
  i agree with you . 
  indeed if you take the varys chapter at the end of adwd , yes that makes one more pov char with a modest background . 
  however , jon has had it rough but has been a lord 's son all the same , living in a castle and all , never needing to steal . 
  kids like him end up in modest situations compared to their noble siblings but rarely in dire situations . 
  also yes , now that no title protects them , the stark babies are n't priviledged . 
  but i like davos because he started low and then rose and he is a pov char . 
  since littlefinger is no pov guy , he 's not on my list of the `` interesting little david becoming king '' ... 
  so mobile data plans do n't work either ? 
  i do n't get it ... info always finds a way usually ... 
  that 's why you have to store it abive the boob , not below , not between but abooove !, 
  if she has a sweat problem it might still smell though . 
  still , you ca n't take that away from us . 
  this is one of our best safe places for credit cards or cash or even your phone when you 've made yourself pretty in a party . 
  because pretty clothes do n't have pockets for a reason . 
  i just bought a dress with shit pockets just because it had actual pockets , albeit silken ones you wo n't dare put more than a receipt and a 5 $ bill in ... 
  what i get out of all those answers is that we should be honest and straightforward . 
  however , i 'm still afraid i might get shamed or dumped for saying `` i 'm not okay with pizza , i want sushi . '', 
  or `` i totally want to bone you ! '', 
  because people got ta realise we have a history of being silenced because women were supposed to keep their mouths shut a while ago , we 're too few women to know how to actually say what we want and not to rely on our boobs to get stuff we want . 
  so thanks op . 
  i hope more women read this and try to speak their minds more . 
  my gay friend is a system administrator working at facebook . 
  he had dreadlocks ( yeah no strong bias against white boys in dreadlocks in france ) sometimes mixes electro music and we sometimes talk about boys . 
  but we usually talk about computers . 
  i still call him my gay friend when we 're together but we 're not friend because he 's gay and i 'm straight and we happen to like sucking dick . 
  we 're friends because we met on a video game and realised he was going to be at my school for a conference and we started to single out hotties there together and i joked saying he could be my gay friend . 
  we never even once talked about anything fashion related except once when he proposed me to make me locs because i 'm black and my hair is perfect for it but i refused because i do n't like dreadlocks . 
  this is the best i can explain . 
  but gay friend is not gay friend ... 
  then i hope i never have that kibd of gay friend . 
  i would n't know what to talk about with him . 
  and even then `` i 'm married '' is not a no , so i 'll take it as a compliment and ask for proper consent or proper rejection . 
  too bad i learned to be this honest only when i was a few years into my relationship , we would have had less hurdles if i had stated my mind clearly ... 
  there should be one for the possible `` keep the lyrium '' romance , no ? 
  i do n't know you but if you do n't intend to bore me to death with fashion talk or gossip , we might even get along . 
  last time someone tried that in the fontainebleau forest he was caught . 
  cops fined him hard . 
  please be naked only in naturists camps . 
  or if you want to do it in the fontainebleau forest , do it during prostitutes work hours , they always watch out for the cops . 
  prostitution is illegal in france and you 'll find them in periurban areas such as the infamous parisian woods the boulogne and vincennes woods . 
  in fontainebleau there are the fontainebleau domain , it 's a huge maze with wild animals , but there are still roads , very public and popular roads ( autoroute du soleil etc. . . ) . 
  guess to whom the black truck with blackened windows parked near the road in between two trees belongs ? 
  a prostitute who 's waiting for a knock on her door , a fifty euros bill , her/his/their fingers crossed `` please , let him be a normal dude and not a psycho '', 
  and that 's why some people tell me liking sansa is stupid : they ca n't understand that she ca n't be arya 's clone and/or that a lady can be strong and badass in her own way . 
  how do we give gold to that op ? 
  i 'm working as a referee for an online video games tournament website while looking for a job . 
  i started when i was an intern there and having my pay double wqs great ( i was paid the minimum gratifications for interns in france ) . 
  now i work for them for the same amount , do n't intend to stop when i find a regular job on regular hours . 
  what ? 
  i stayed renegade by having mordin join the crucible !, 
  double bacon : mordin is alive and you get to fuck wreav sideways like warlord does a fertile female !, 
  as a french person , i find this thread is accurate . 
  salads are the best : buy salad in the tiniest bag possible , little tomatoes , tiny mozza balls or tiny cheese cubes . 
  add your favourite pre processed meat ( chicken cubes , tuna , meatballs , salmon , surimi , ham ... ) add the cheap bottle if vinaigrette in a box and grab it . 
  lunch time is open the box , crack open the packagings , a generous dollop of dressing , close the box and shake . 
  usually gets me through the extensive french lunch break without a dessert if i down a bottle of water after that . 
  i still often forget the box , lunch at mcdonalds and then eat salad in the evening so i 'm not a regular ... 
  in france , apprenticeship requires being enrolled in a school just like internships and have very strict pay rules based on a percentage of the smic ( the actual minimum wage for individuals above 18y/o on a regular job ) and their age . 
  on his apprenticeship , my little bro who 's over 21 was earning about 600 $ / mo. 
  my mom , then 48 in reconversion earned 800 $ as a cook in a restaurant while studying to have her first diploma ever and my sister who was 19 only earned that with her waitress tips ( fancy diploma to serve in fancy h\u00f4tels , yes it 's a thing here , but we have an excuse , we 're french ! ), 
  all of that to discourage child labour ( some kids under 18 can enroll in apprenticeship based curriculums ) and the hiring of many apprentices to replace actual workers , especially since older people.can join like my mom did after raising us alone 17 years . 
  also the company gets to pay your school and you have to go to actual classes still in between so it 's great . 
  i still have my mom 's lesson materials ... 
  it 's with the other cook books . 
  well , i want a ride in one of her expensive old cars . 
  pedal to the metal . 
  sad/good thing is charles does n't seem like he 'll abdicate in favour of his son like some european monarchs did . 
  sad for charles who 'll be in a quite short reign just after the longest , probably good for william who probably wants to stay a dad as normal as a dad called windsor-mountbatten can be . 
  also marge as a devout woman could be a darn terrific change of her social status and power . 
  she always managed to get loved . 
  never saw angry , but i saw scared and i saw pissed . 
  scared was when a student came with a revenge streak and stabbed a teacher . 
  we were in our high school class , history and geography teacher droning about european union something when we heard yelling . 
  female and male , make voice saying lot of unsavory mysogynistic shit . 
  teacher wakes up , prevents us from going to the door , sneaks a peak herself and turns on her phone before as she shuts it quietly and calls emergencies then the director . 
  she was white as a sheet , not an exploit on her part since she 's a ginger but she was so scared we sort of stayed silent for ten minutes until someone knocked on the door : police + medics from emergencies services asking what we saw . 
  those closest to the door had seen the blood , so did the teacher , myself and others only heard the yelling `` you dirty whore '' , the usual . 
  later we learned he was a bad student and a violent angry young man , the teacher who was attacked had a hand in his definitive exclusion from the school . 
  he sneaked in from the sports field which are separated from a forest by wired fences only . 
  it 's a huge high school . 
  and pissed when was my philosophy teacher defended my lazy ass by saying my classmates were bovines when we were debating something and added a new idea . 
  a classmate said i was going off topic in a very disgusted and condescending tone i was used to : i was one of ghose good students who did n't work to have the best grades because i 've been always mocked for it by my peers . 
  except my teacher would hear none of it and praised my lazy ass but saying '' she does n't work , but at least she uses her brain '' . 
  he dismissed us ten minutes early saying he was too pissed and he could n't bear seeing us anymore . 
  since it happened late in high school i was n't directly picked on since we were so much more mature than before and it actually made me do my homework in more classes than french , english and history to sort of honour him . 
  he died of a aneurism break two years later , but he 's still my fucking hero for this particularly blas\u00e9 rant . 
  so you 're lucky i 'm with my brother who remembers better than me as he was in the guy 's class in junior high : the teacher survived her wounds . 
  two male teachers actually left their classes to restrain the attacker , one was lightly injured in the process . 
  the other teachers who like mine were less brave or physically able had called the police and they came lightning fast with ambulances . 
  our high school is in a sensitive area called zone d'\u00e9ducation prioritaire in a zone urbaine sensible , basically , in 2004 we had small riots so the police is always ready to make any intervention at our school . 
  all of this actually saved her . 
  that and the fact her attacker struck during class in the widely used main wing of the school . 
  check lyc\u00e9e andr\u00e9 malraux in montereau fault yonne , i do n't know if news outlets talked about this , but they probably did because of the politics going on at the time ( sarkozy had just been elected ... ),
