  yeah , people who are so poor they ca n't afford any upgrade to their old rigs or to go to the cinema and buy their favourite artists works , rejoice , for it 's your fault you ca n't escape your gloomy life in your favourite free to play game or cultural productions . 
  pray to kuduku and maybe you 'll loot a brand new ssd . 
  it 's been a month and he still has n't changed it . 
  i 'm guessing he wo n't . 
  i mean , once you have that psd ready , you just click the eyes ... 
  hello . 
  i was about to say i 'd kill for this ring and i did n't know why . 
  now i know i need this ring and i 'll just have a hard time rolling the elreon 4c life mod on it again . 
  ( hierophant arc + eo + mom with two auras , should be 3 for pol ), 
  't was a dark night when we arrived at the summoner 's circle . 
  trique . 
  i think they want longer teamfights . 
  i do n't know if it changed ( prolly not ) but one of the reasons the hubby and i stopped playing dota2 was that you os ghe enemy , or he gets os 'd . 
  there is no middle ground . 
  and i do love minutes long team fights that grip your guts and test your button smashing self control ( or your keyboard + mouse durability ), 
  you are right . 
  i watched some dota2 pro competitions , but in my experience as a player , i felt the battles were too short and one sided . 
  i pkayed six months at release , though , it probably changed with balance patch and i trust your post since you say you play regularly . 
  it 's less about the place than the state of mind . 
  you know whrn you 've stopped drinking to be sure you get admitted to the club but vomit anyway because your stomach just says `` fuck no '' the moment you 're before the bouncer waiting to get in it ? 
  well , me , on my favourite lace jabot shirt at tokyo decadance 2008 in paris . 
  the bouncer allowed me in to wash myself and i got back into the line . 
  being sober made the experience extra stressfull ( i dislike clubs but it was my first outing on my first year of college and it was a bit different on the paper though it had the same effect on me ) . 
  thankfully everyone in the queue and in the venue were very nice about it so i became not the girl who came with a pink lace jabot shirt and kissed her college friend , but the girl you give advice on how to wash the vodka-wine-riisipiirakkat-superfruitjuice-jackdaniels off the lace . 
  best night ever / s, 
  when do you think you 'll be able to ship the app worldwide ( or just europe ) ? 
  i ca n't wait to get it as i am not satisfied with the third party apps i 'm using . 
  it 's super common to ship an app to a limited pool of countries . 
  it 's an alternative to a closed beta : they ship to countries where people mostly speak english to have a lot of feedbacks without hiring a foreign language support team and they limit the number of bad reviews . 
  the question is : when will we have a good enough version that reddit is comfortable shipping internationally ? 
  in my case i had to keep at it . 
  in france , anyone without a degree is sort of considered lacking . 
  no college degree or a very different one can work for freelancing , but hr tend to have these little boxes they have to put people in and a degree is just non negociable . 
  some people have been trying to break that elitist culture but it 's a bit hard . 
  to give examples , my husband 's best friend entered the same school as he did but dropped out . 
  he ended up a developer thanks to a friend of a friend when he needed a job to pay his wow sub , but he had a hard time getting raises of evolving in his career because of that . 
  and now to me : i have a deug ( undergraduate ) in finnish language and culture and i am going to have my diploma in webmarketing recognised when i finish paying a school but i still do n't have a job . 
  i think the hr realise while reading my cv that i spent 4 years to achieve what most people do in only 2 years of college when they see the line about the deug . 
  so there is prejudice in that ( i refuse to think ot might be about my exotic name or my skin colour yet - french people put photos on cvs though it 's not mandarory anymore , it 's embedded in our culture ), 
  so i 'm extremely envious of you . 
  i wish you the best of luck . 
  do you have a link to your portfolio ? 
  my mom is exactly like your dad . 
  like she does n't hear from me for months and she just cooks this whole meal for me when i visit and my little siblings who still live nearby tell me `` do n't worry , it 's to make up for the meals she missed because she was worried about you '' . 
  it also does n't help that she 's anorexic on dialysis . 
  when i was 14 , my mom told about how parenthood was just being scared all the time : she told me that years ago , she called the doctor on one of my littler siblings a few days after her birth because `` she was n't breathing '' . 
  she died of that sudden death thingy two months later . 
  this is one of the reasons why i 'm terrified about having kids . 
  i was very little when it happened so i only remember the funeral a little because my gran brought me an african dress to wear after it was over and my little brother bit my sleeve but the gloomyness and depressing atmosphere follow me still . 
  ( no , this is n't the day she told us we were supposed to have a sister , she had kept her in the family 's documents and we were often tasked to retrieve them when we needed to register to some activity/administration bs that needed a birth certificate excerpt and all the family 's in that notebook , so we knew of a baby sister that died at three months old for a long time ), 
  unless i 'm ill , most of my farts are silent without systematically smelling like you 've left those eggs to rot next to the dead body in the dresser . 
  i mean the witcher did it . 
  why not us ? 
  i do n't care if you do n't wat us to be sidetracked from the maingame . 
  i wat playable wicked grace . 
  replace multiplayer with that if you 're on a tight budget !, 
  ok so errbody adressed what i wanted so i 'll add something i do n't want :, 
  shitty cross platform development . 
  i played a series on my pc that i know was available on consoles and got used during dragon fights to : ctrl+a selects all players so that they move together as one to avoid dragon fire and zones . 
  in dai , this disappeared entirely . 
  i get this was a new engine , but damn !, 
  why ? 
  i had to move to tactics ( that i always hated ) and move four dude-ttes one at a time . 
  this was so counter intuitive for me . 
  even now i still ca n't play normal difficulty because of it . 
  also , dao ad da2 behavioural tactics screen was still there but very very badly diminished . 
  i missed being able to have a character focus on a difference target than mine ( like the biggest baddie taunted by alistair/aveline ) while i zoom around with my rogue or mage because it seemed all centered on the target the inquisitor is hitting . 
  it sucked . 
  thanks for allowing my rant to come out r/dragonage, 
  also playable wicked grace , cameos , no more traipsing the wilderness for more elfroot , origin stories , tevinter , solasmance closure , tresspasser consequences , more dwarves , more qunari , more ancient elves , answers , zevran , fenris , hof , anders , merrill , antiva , rivain , nevarra , par vollen ( too soon ? ), 
  i think it is . 
  spirits embody feelings and virtues of the different races . 
  everyone hopes and yet , everyone desires . 
  inquisition did tell us that the breach made the spirits trapped by it go mad and distort themselves in contact with the waking world . 
  i think both solas ad cole tell you that . 
  so the veil coming down in one go would also have that effect . 
  so demons and spirits turned demons would still seek powerful beings to suck their mana and more importantly , mages could still seek out demon for their power . 
  no veil just makes it even more easier . 
  as to why solas still wants to carry on tearing down the veil when he saw a bit of the consequences in inquisition ... well ... maybe he 's confident about his and his people 's ability to control/fight these demons or maybe he 's starting his mental heath cabinet of psychoanalysis for spirits of compassion turned despair demons . 
  cue , solas with glasses taking notes before cole lying on a couch talking about his relationship with his mother . 
  hmmm sorry bout that, 
  the waiting is so intense , the anticipation is so thick you can only cut it with valyrian steel . 
  the theories fly and go boom faster than fireworks and you can trust bookreaders to whip up one out of the tiniest detail and cross reference it with the show . 
  this subreddit ( and fandom forums ) is the reason why i write fanfiction in general . 
  should 've exxed it . 
  i upvoted for the gif you added with your edit . 
  it goes right in my gif safe, 
  thank you . 
  `` you know , i sometimes think we sort too soon ... '' - albus dumbledore . 
  or every incidence of anything involving a group of people . 
  peers are your best worst enemy . 
  so , is this what arthur dayne 's sword should have looked ? 
  well , i counted on my fingers . 
  does it count as a calculator ? 
  it is known . 
  my contract arranges for 4days ( fixed term part time in france with work shifts written on the signed contract ) : i never worked better in my life . 
  the only source of anxiety was the shortness of the mission , so i grinded freelance contracts . 
  so we have a miniature fallout game waiting for us there ? 
  gender identity is diverse . 
  at least the fifth .
