  this is not an experience i wished to live again , so i sort of stuck to the same characters because i ca n't play but once in every few months and only with four friends . 
  lol scared me into playing only aram and two or three premades a month . 
  i feel like a sandbox mode would help . 
  also not waiting for the appropriate rotation of the hundred and nearly fifty champions we have to try before we buy , hots style would be great . 
  because they do realise they kept the free champs rotation to ten slots when there are so freaking many of them ? 
  maybe make us win slots with lvl up like hots , go to fifteen or twenty ... 
  i dunno , this seems so stupid since they said it would n't go out anyway ... 
  do n't diss map reskins !, 
  some of us have been wqiting for them to do that again in a freaking long time . 
  i miss my fucking harrowing/snowdown summoner 's rift !, 
  the devil sounds like al pacino i like it . 
  european people . 
  vegetarian people . 
  people with diabetes . 
  also my favourite pizza topping is smoked salmon . 
  in my country it 's often dubbed `` pizza norv\u00e9gienne '' . 
  huffpost = jvc of news . 
  jvc has many wrongs when it comes to handling news . 
  ( understand doritos and money ), 
  but to me , this is their greatest sin, 
  still , when it comes to electricity , sony keeps to a standard or another . 
  i 've been syncin ds4 on different ps4 using the charger of my one plus one and as a pc gamer , the fat ps3 cable you have would actually be very welcome in my home . 
  i think riot just found one outta ten new harrowing skin . 
  ( great job mate , keep up ! ), 
  you forgot about how the european union wanted to get the kids away from the parents and separate them because mr and ms google had too large a family with too large a set of skills ... 
  what is the proportion of male doctors and female doctors in the whole medical body ? 
  i 'm looking for an instant messaging thrill . 
  i usually never follow up and meet up though . 
  too chicken and too attached to my significant other for that . 
  also , does n't help that french people in paris region are real horny and would hit up anything on tinder . 
  uninstalled the app cuz it had gotten seriously creepy ... 
  no sane person keeps their bra on during sex , even big breasted person . 
  i am one . 
  and you would hate black absinthe . 
  it was my mom 's favourite movie for the sex scene and it was my favourite for the ending . 
  i was a kid ( about twelve or something ) when i saw it , but i think i 'll definitely watch it with my mother again ... 
  come to france . 
  80 $ , that 's what us people pay for 10go and unlimited calls/texts on a regular carrier . 
  i 'm paying 10 $ / m for what you have ( cheap because double data offers and buying the oneplus one separately , the market usually prices that around 15 w/o phone or 20 with one ... ), 
  i would like to be able to teach my kids naturally that it 's ok to be different . 
  judging by the way things are going , my kid is gon na have family from all over the world with different skin colours , but colours do n't make your sexual orientation or your gender and you have to realise people can be different aside from that . 
  i 'm really scared about having a queer or ace kid and not being able to say more than hit up the internet or talk to your lesbian grandmother because i ca n't talk about it from experience yknow ... and even then the kid might not even want to talk about it with his parents , right ? 
  i never told my parents about being with anyone or how much i struggled with being someone who likes to read and answer in class rather than make a mess like the others and watch real tv shows ... 
  so yeah , i 'm scared i wo n't understand my children . 
  or simply a very large family having a hard time making both ends meet . 
  with my siblings ( two sisters and a brother ) we used to try to find out who whas malcolm , who was francis etc. . . 
  i work for a website organising video games tournaments on the side . 
  it 's not really paid , i just went and did an internship with them and stayed to help y' know and i get a small stipend . 
  i even like it . 
  i mean i love games , i love esports ... 
  except everytime someone loses and takes to twitter to say we are racist sons of bitches and that our mothers slept with every male representant of any humanoid species just because they lost on a ref decision ( mostly cuz they did n't bring any proof of winning or enemy cheats ... 
  which we ca n't guess because this is all online and we ca n't spec 512 teams at the same time ... ), 
  good thing i 'm anonymous beind the company 's tag and my ref number on the website 's chat . 
  so any other member of the customer support club in this thread ? 
  `` stop mmos , graduate university , get into a communication or marketing master . 
  you 'll understand in 2012 . '', 
  how the fuck did she drive trucks and ambulances and repairing them in the army and did not manage to get a licence ? 
  i 'm french so i 'd say fromage et charcuterie . 
  as a french person i find this both fucked up and great . 
  our prisons are state responsibilities but they are dismal overcrowded things , especially because of fucked up laws such as mandatory minimums and other shit ... 
  i second that . 
  france is exactly where he wants to lead you : state owned prisons overcrowded by mandatory minimums policies written into law back when sarkozy started the security craze in 2007 . 
  now with the usa 's carceral population , having to shut down prisons because of limited state or federal budget will become even worse than france . 
  i say you guys should have mandatory minimums removed before you ever consider switching to full public prisons , be it on state or fed level . 
  `` oh and is it queen mother or dowager queen ? '', 
  you should check `` bear '' in finnish ... 
  but that 's only one word for them . 
  arabic has that for so many words it 's a nightmare ... 
  i am a french person who lived with an ex-muslim algerian mother in a mostly muslim neighbourhood . 
  the thing that changed here was that kids did n't understand what happened and we all misinterpreted shit based on how society had been treating us so far ( french did n't wait for 9/11 to hate on muslims , google colonization and algeria war ... ), 
  so what changed for me is that i had debates in the playground about how hundreds of people dying and planes crashing were not funny or right when all my classmates were dissing on me for `` not even being algerian '' ( because i mostly look black from my ex-jw father and i always took the pork meal instead of the substitution plate ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , this probably happened in adult conversations with a larger majority of muslims adopting my point of view : not all muslims are terrorists even in europe , but people had been angry with france for a very very long time and parents , especially muslim parents in poor neighbourhoods like mine , were often a bit radical in thought for a couple of months and do n't always realise kids repeat that stuff at school without truly realising themselves that people are dead because it happened very very far away and we were all at school and not always in front of the tv ( i was myself because that day i lunched at home ), 
  i was ten and in 6th grade at the time and because of all of that a lot of kids did n't respect the minute of silence and our class and many others had to do it all over again several times until the teachers were satisfied . 
  not the best answer either imho . 
  tl ; dr we were kids of mostly uneducated muslim adults in poor french neighbourhoods , the killing happened far away , they sometimes thought and talked shit , i called on their bullshit and people threw peas at me at lunch while denying me half of my family heritage , the part that makes two thirds of my personal identity . 
  same thing happened everywhere after 1/9/15 with much more media coverage and finger pointing ... 
  if it was n't in a park with so much green , i 'd have thought this was in paris near the opera bastille or somewhere along rue de la roquette . 
  that 's where they all flock with their dogs and their beers . 
  no wonder girls discover the clitoris around that age then , i guess ... 
  this reminds me of my history teacher back during katrinz saying : `` when france owned louisiana , there were n't any habitations there . 
  * shows severely hit areas on map * then we sold it away and people had to build their homes here , poor people , black people . 
  life is unfair and will push the unwanted elements of society into harms way . '', 
  we were sixteen years old and the most stupidly loud class in the school . 
  did n't hear a fly that day . 
  daughter here . 
  when i first met my husband i wanted to hush it because he was the forst i truly knew loved me for me and not my huge boobs . 
  i was 17 , he 22 and he was accompanying me from work to the bus i was taking late at night to go home ( classical teenager smooching in the metro included , seriously , i still laugh when i think about how our mouths were used to be fucking glued together ) . 
  one day , the dad comes to take me home with step mom by car so he comes , it 's ten pm and boyfriend is already there . 
  i panic , do n't want dad to know i have a summer fling after all , so i kiss him good bye quick and have the long hair , tatooed guy go back to his friend 's flat playing wow . 
  in the car , the atmosphere is icy , i get drilled , step mom implies then yell about me not setting a good example for my sisters , i yell back , we sulk , i go back to work the next evening . 
  dad insists on driving me home again so i have boyfriend wear a covering jacket and pointedly say hello . 
  diring the ride say stuff about him being so nice to wait for the bus with me at 11pm because little girla arent ' t safe in the streets and shit . 
  does n't win him over but the next day he proposes him to drive him home first since he 's in vincennes and it 's not on our way but very very close to the round highway around paris so no time lost . 
  he drills him nicely about what he does in his life , is delighted he 's going to be a compiter engineer and works hard and has his last internship months in advance . 
  there 's one thing i did later to piss parents off : going at his place without telling anyone intending to spend the night . 
  there dad learns boyfriend in fact lives way farther than where he had been asked to be dropped at and walked about 45min home . 
  since then it seems that my dad liked my husband better than i and wants him as a child rather than his hippy irresponsible , northern languages loving ( we are african so he always saw that as treason ... ) blood daughter . 
  always telling me to listen to him because he is reasonable and did a notoriously hard school to have a highly paid jobs ( hubby is in security ) . 
  so yeah , my husband is perfect . 
  and even my surly stepmom loves him .
