  truly , i never bothered with challenges until the torment league . 
  i was too bad at the game , honestly ... 
   i 'm going in . 
  i had the same problem in finland . 
  spent four years studying the language and culture at university . 
  gets answered in standardized speak like a kindergartener at the very best . 
  props to that girl at kamppi who sent me to a shop where the concert 's tickets were n't sold out and used slang doing so . 
  this is actually accurate . 
  til japanese are the hanar people of the human race . 
  it actually explains a lot . 
  i 'm a finnish speaker and i 'm black . 
  my soon to be husband is the one who gets randomly asked if he has a lighter and i 'm the one who has to groan `` me emme vitun tupakka , capisce ? 
  wait , i saw this question be asked months ago with much funnier responses . 
  people must be really scared . 
  wait , i 'm pretty sure i 'm your friend , mate , you ca n't ignore my / w just like that !, 
  but , is n't mib about other tropes anyway , such as police inquiries and mystery solving , buddy cops , etc ? 
  i honestly loved the first mib as a kid just like i did a bad boys with a rookie element and lots of aliens . 
  both made me consider becoming a cop back then . 
  alien lives matter . 
  or alternatively , humans are an anthropocentric bag of dicks . 
  today , i am happy i have lived in france all my life in the paris area . 
  i 'm from the department where transports are scarcest , but i still have the option to completely forego a personal automobile if i so chose . 
  thank you seine et marne express for helping me avoid central paris when i wan na go to my mom 's on the other side of the department and do n't want to handle the city of lights . 
  thank you for drawin plans for more grande couronne public transportation with the local transport companies . 
  thank you for still making anti dui campaigns on a national level on tv , in transports , in journals , especially during the winter hols where everyone will be so fucking drunk at gran 's and would want to go home to avoid aunt c\u00e9cile 's drunken rants . 
  damn , i 'd never say that in french or in front of french people , but i love my fucking dumb country so hard . 
  except some peasants would keep daughters under lock and key in hopes the neighbour has a son and some patch of land with three chickens so he can marry her off ... 
  it still has to allocate stuff and the finalisation of the installation always takes forever even on my partner 's ssd ... 
  it 's funny , because dick , in french , is colloquially `` bite '' and a lot of people pronounce byte , bit and bite the same . 
  now that is theft !, 
  i can assure you that my husband and i have n't had any sex since the ascendancy released . 
  ( sex together , i mean . 
  i do n't know what he 's up to with that witch ... ), 
  it 's alright , i grew up poor and i lived in what was technically a house because we lived in the country . 
  we moved to the city when my mom and dad separated and i was quite surprised to learn families lived in appartments . 
  i was still happy because i got my own room , something i did n't have in the `` house '' ... 
  it 's only when i read the description of it that my husband ubderstood wgy the cogs he looted off a crate in a lava room were for . 
  the first disruptor you use with it will recharge a few secs later , making it four uses , which is pretty neat . 
  i hope i can find it again next time i run the labyrinth . 
  hierophant arc is going swimmingly . 
  i had a hard time with the labyrinths puzzles , but i 'm generating those sweet charges and will soon crit like a mf . 
  i 'm very glad i swapped classes on that build , i feel tankier without feeling like i 'm doing less damage . 
  as frustrating as the lab was for me ( i raged , i got a migraine , my husband did n't deserve some of the words i said ) i ca n't remember the last time i was so happy some game level was over , so satisfied . 
  this labyrinth is better than sex , never ever change it but for bugfixes ( map generation ) or clarity ( boss fight , etc. . . ), 
  appreciation post : i love the labyri th just as it is . 
  of course , please bugfix the shit out of this , especiallu with map generation , but as the other guy said in another topic , do n't you ever nerf it . 
  in fact , never add checkpoints , but add better visual cues for izaro mechanics without changing the stuff . 
  guys you rock , i love you and i love ascendancy . 
  i get that except i usually think `` am i even alive or is some robot/alien/whatev controlling my brains and limbs like one would a puppet '', 
  this would be great !, 
  i think they can even pull it up as a map , maybe not even a unique one . 
  imagine : `` this map has traps '' or `` t5 map labyrithine depths '' . 
  i can tell you the voice actors can be different between french versions because canadians and french do n't translate songs the same way . 
  there 's a good video ( in french ) about it . 
  i do n't remember which movie had patrick poivre d'arvor ( retired news anchor ) do a voice for news reel . 
  i think it was the incredibles ... 
  there 's that . 
  i can confirm french people usually make fun of qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois with jokes that basically mean `` i do n't understand a single thing of what you 're saying . '', 
  but i 've met a qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois who did n't use an english accent when saying english or franglish words so i guess this might depend of where you live and the degree of english you 've heard in your life ? 
  do new brunswicker with french as a first language have a better english pronunciation ? 
  do they even speak the same french as the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois ? 
  so much questions now ... 
  in france , we do n't have that level of sophistication in school photoshoots . 
  it 's a neutral background , ofent very light grey or skyblue and you got ta keep your face serious ( though they let it go with little kids ) . 
  i think it comes from the fact that the poorest people also used these pics for legal documents wich is n't always allowed anymore because of new tighter restrictions on how you 're supposed to look like in you everyday life ... 
  but because of all of this , i ca n't imagine the freaking hell that would happen if a photographer for a school photoshoot happened to photoshop anyone , even fucking acne !, 
  this is completely strange to me . 
  even if i would 've been absolutely delighted to have the option back then . 
  i wonder if they do now . 
  i mean school pictures are supposed to be made fun of as you grow up and your mom brings them up when you 're visiting with the husband , right ? 
  edit : my little siblings 3rd and 1st grade picture ( same year ) was rad cuz they had been fighting a week earlier and broke each other 's front teeth , so they decided they 'd both give us their best shit eating grin , saying `` fromaaaaage '' instead of `` cheeeeese '' on both the individual pic and the class photo . 
  i imagine their classmates are having as good a laugh as us fifteen years later . 
  i would never in the world photoshop this shit and neither would they . 
  depends of the person . 
  first time i wore glasses i realised i was pretty and ever since then i still do n't think i 'm as pretty without no matter what i 'm being told or if i have a mirror just in front of my face and can discern my face 's features . 
  i do n't even know if i feel like that because people of my middle school bully or because of my own perception for spending most of my childhood and teens without any eye correction ... 
  if only . 
  if only . 
  maybe i would n't have been called `` big tits '' for years at recess and rock boobs instead . 
  well , my knowledge of american culture is based on cinema and tv shows and my us cousin 's instagram so ... 
  thanks , 
  same with flame dash , but i finally got my less duration , so i 'm warping now . 
  will i have a problem ? 
  someone in the comments said it was . 
  from what i heard , the social expectation that demands marriage is still very much alive . 
  the only reason why my `` husband '' ( we 're not yet ) have n't been rushing this is because as atheists , we do n't feel like we need it . 
  i was also raised by a single mom who was dumped by my dad for another woman and neither of those three adults who have been very important in one way or another in my life have ever been married . 
  as for the husband , his parents divorced when he was young , he witnessed his dad 's second marriage slowly go down that hell where one of them becomes a money grabbing awful person at the cost of his half brother 's sanity ... 
  yeah , this os disheartenong , but it did n't prevent him from finally popping the question about three weeks ago after 7 and a half years and we simply settled on spring or summer 2017 during the following day during which both of us contracted a strong debilitating flu strain . 
  so yeah , marriage and i hope a happy one , but we 've been living together for a while now and conaider each other as good as married as i said , is still pretty much a commitment to a lot of people as i refuse to think we are the exception rather than the norm . 
  we 're just more discreet . 
  what makes the most waves ? 
  scandalous behaviour as in divorce and cheating and anything sex related or a happy wedding betwee two consenting adults who have been living as a couple for years anyway ? 
  had i found a job earlier , i might very well have been pregnant as well . 
  tl ; dr : marriage is a social expectation people who do n't give two shits about religion or showing their family & friends that they are `` normal '' do n't rush or do lightly with tgeir highschool sweetheart . 
  such errors lead to a behavior that no longer brings a social stigma but is still considered scandalous because of the behaviours that led to it or the behaviour of people during the procedure ( see kramer vs kramer ) . 
  i 'm an arc templar , i 'll need to be lighter on my feet to use wb . 
  so fc ld lw it is , 
  excellent comment . 
  i 'll just add that it happens indiscriminately to gen y who raised their social & financial status from that of their parents and the ones who maintained the same level as their parents .
