  i still wish regular small phones without cameras still exist by the time my kids get to school because smartphones ... 
  i know what i do with one ... ... 
  in some supermarkets in france you can buy those with a top up subscription or pay a bit more for an unlocked one without a sim . 
  best buy equivalents such as fnac have them too . 
  i just hope they 'll continue when i have kids and they 're old enough to run around and i need to text them ... 
  except they 'd still be able to use internet where i ca n't see them and i do n't want that ... 
  lol . 
  i just want my kid to start high school with the same phone as i. 
  that way i can call them but they can also text their friends . 
  i just do n't want them to browse the internet where i ca n't see them . 
  what if i do n't know which ones are good or bad and i install malware ? 
  when i 'm talking about my kids , i 'm talking about kids i 'll have in smth like 10 years . 
  then give it another ten years before they are old enough to need a phone . 
  i expect to be as knowledgeable in tech as my dad then . 
  french children of migrants have whole jokes and a sketch from a famous comedian about that . 
  comedian 's name is jamel debbouzze . 
  the sketch is him getting punished ( smacked to morroco and back ) and his white friend getting punished ( sent to his toom where the playstation is conveniently placed ... ) . 
  despite it not being ethnic specific ( i had white friends who got smacked to normandy and back too ) it seems white children and kids of other ethnicities do n't deal with it the same way . 
  i hope a shrink/sociologist sees my message and manages to explain it ... 
  i think this is good for people who want to save money . 
  the study says the antibacterial soap 's germ killing power stays longer though , so i guess hospitals and such will want to keep antibacterial formulas . 
  there was a stone in my stomach the whole afternoon after i read it . 
  i was sort of depressed as i had high hopes that if this happened , robb would be broken and hurt but alive . 
  of course , i took it better once i mourned my fave ( catelyn ) and when i saw the show , i was so giddy about seeing it on screen i sort of jumped from foot to foot , unable to stand . 
  my husband had spoiled himself through wiki readings but my sister did n't know anything so she started to get antsy too . 
  `` please tell me none of my faves die ? '', 
  husband managed to reign in his smirk but i laughed and once she heard the lannister song , she left the room and only came out the next day after reading the relevant passage in my own copy of the book . 
  she 's less traumatized by printed word than pictures , animated or otherwise . 
  it took her a day because i own them in english and she took a long time before finding it since it 's not our native language ... she was quite in the foul mood after that ... 
  heapofshit answers to comment by fitsinanus . 
  i am trying not to laugh . 
  my step mom is a good mom to her kids and even her step kids . 
  problem is , she bashes my mom on her obesity , her smoking , her unemployed status all the time and says she 's a lazy fat ass when the reason why she 's like that is my father 's insistence that she raise their children at home instead of hiring baby sitters , four pregnancies and old cigarette ads . 
  ( not even counting the slightly racist comments she threw here and there ... ), 
  despite having learned a few things , i ca n't think of my step mother without breaking down because of all of my siblings i was the one who was both closer and always compared to my mom so i was pretty much stripped of all value in her eyed . 
  then , my now husband happened and she sort of called me a slut and said i was putting on a bad example for my sisters . 
  the only thing that actually makes bearable the rehashing those memories is that she did care . 
  otherwise , she would n't consider her daughter to be my sister despite the two of us only related by a common country of origin . 
  i 'm 5 years old . 
  bacon reader showed me this too and i was on my data plan in paris around the outage ... 
  towncrier or bard or mayor i guess . 
  i love the theory that the dark cloak sansa flees kl with is the repurposed ( dyed to conceal the blood and extra fabric cut to fashion a hood ) kingsguard cloak the hound left behind , but it 's hardly fact ... 
  i admit that i ship sansan in a little corner of my head . 
  but think about it : a cloak belonging to one of the two people who 'd been half decent to her in their twisted way ? 
  also , where would it have gone ? 
  to another fake knight ? 
  to the trash for it belongs to a deserter and a traitor ? 
  ( everybody knows traitors blood is strong and he left plenty of it on the white cloak ... ), 
  better think she repurposed it like people used to do a lot with clothes and garments . 
  sansa is a lady , she can sew , she already dyed the dress arya stained with a blood orange in agot , she knows dark dyes cover the red . 
  she 's also not 2 metres tall of freakin anger and alcohol , so she 'd have trimmed the bottom to sew a hood ... 
  also , prisonner in kl , lots of time on her hands . 
  can i keep my little never to be canon fantasy then ? 
  that 's why decent internet connection is a basic human right now . 
  my mom is a cook , always cooked at home and now i 'm alone with my husband , we barely cook and check the recipe on the web every second ... 
  the most creative i got was when i roasted chicken legs . 
  i accompanied it with rice and i had a sauce to go with it but it was what i did all the time . 
  so i opened a can of veggies and upturned it pouring it all in the rice + tomato sauce casserole = makeshift ratatouille/basquaise/whatever . 
  you ca n't please everybody . 
   but thank you for your comment . 
  i like jordan now . 
  thank you . 
  this makes me think of samson and calpernia . 
  i do it too . 
  am i male ? 
  was i lied to ? 
  as i read the comments i realise i have a male behaviour and my husband has a female behaviour . 
  maybe we should swap ? 
  source : never changed my sheets myself beetween 2005 and 2010 ( before 2008 mother would sometimes do it ... ) until i moved in with hubby and he has us do it monthly or when we get sick . 
  i do n't . 
  because i 'm trying to stay calm and not tell at him for fucking up . 
  again . 
  but i do raise my voice higher when talking to my mom always . 
  let 's start a club !, 
  based on the price of housing both rented and bought in paris , france , i highly doubt that . 
  source : am an \u00cele-de-france dweller . 
  i 'm not often coming back home to see my mom as i am too squeamish to handle her kow she 's sick . 
  but one day i force myself because it 's been a year and my brother 's here , have n't seen him either . 
  it 's a sunday and i missed the bus so i send a text to my mom i 'll be up the hill in 45minutes rather than ten . 
  ten minutes into the hike , brother calls says `` do you truly need to be picked up because my car 's breaks are malfunctioning . '', 
  i say `` do n't bother i can walk , do n't you go down that hill without breaks ! '', 
  once i 'm up the hill , my brother is being escorted out of my mom 's by police officers and they 're yelling . 
  turns out he did n't tell my mom about his breaks when she asked `` will you pick your sister up at the station '' but simply asked back `` which one ? '', 
  which infuriated my mom . 
  they argued , my brother was in his violent phase so she called the police . 
  to punish him i stole his xbox . 
  to punish my mom i lectured her on multi cultural communication and anger management all day . 
  it was the second time this happened , the last time he had shaken her up like a tree and moved one of the thingies in her arteries she had to go to the hospital . 
  i hated this . 
  now he has his own flat and my sister took his place at her home . 
  she 's handling them way more diplomatically than i could . 
  edit : i hope this was n't too french but here 's the tl ; dr : went to visit family only to find out my brother was arrested while i traveled there because my mom and him ca n't communicate . 
  i hope this was n't too french but here 's the tl ; dr : went to visit family only my brother was arrested while i traveled there because my mom and him ca n't communicate . 
  or maybe a human being whose interests are not limited to porn or whose potential interest in sex does n't include group sex . 
  too bad french are largely submissive in general and fran\u00e7ois hollande is one of us too when it comes to a lot of international politics bullshit . 
  i still do n't like you , fran\u00e7ois , truly but ... putain vas-y go fran\u00c7ois !!, 
  there will be in france . 
  i think we have the largest and the most complex vacations system ever ... 
  that 's why i always say `` ggwp '' instead of just `` gg '' in every videogame . 
  hots just makes me feel like i 'm talking to the void and i feel so alone ...
