  fallout 4 's been out for a while now . 
  are n't you supposed to be at work ? 
  i agree . 
  i 'm doing the same thing with my computers right now and my dad was the one who first assembled our first word and excel worthy rig back in 2000 and sparked the curiosity out of donated parts he asked his colleagues for his `` yearly '' visit . 
  it 's legit the only cool thing he did for me as a kid . 
  i still resent him forgetting my birthday . 
  dat bike , though . 
  sadly , it 's marketing and monetization 's fault . 
  best is on mobile because absolutely no regulation is in place since it 's a more recent way to browse . 
  however , they should look at theit reboind rates on mobile , it should be huge , you can do that in ga now . 
  sadly since it 's drowned in all the website 's perf stats they only show the higher ups the good , bigger , harder and longer kpis ... 
  know what , i 'm more frustrated about not seeing a hatching than i 'm sad about a snake having a good meal . 
  i remember , when i was a kid , we had the transparent ds1 controller . 
  i did n't like the vibration because tiny 10 y/o hands , but my little brother and sister always fought over it . 
  it also meant that i was always guaranteed a spot in whatever game we were playing and being the big sister has its advantages . 
  you know , before your little brother becomes buff af when you become teens ... 
  is n't he like twice her age ? 
  i know we 're supposed to like 'em mature and all , but man ... 
  indeed , i was n't suggesting you did , sorry if it came across like that . 
  the way you say it , it truly feels like winter on the show has finally come . 
  i did n't want to make a post for it , because i do n't have a significant disability like yours . 
  however , since i was banned from any fps and even some other games ( skyrim and fallout 4 , dishonored ... ) because the camera movements give me nausea in under ten minutes , i felt exactly like you and managed to snipe in a fps game for the first time . 
  so yay blizzard for making games accessible to everyone . 
  i highly suspect they studied long and hard on it for the sake of all people with disabilities and people with motion sickness . 
  if the chateau rouge kfc restaurant in paris was to close down for a full day because the staff did n't show up , i 'm not certain the area would n't turn into a fox news-worthy no-go zone . 
  welcome to the life of a trans woman . 
  sometimes she even gets raped or killed or both . 
  have a nice day . 
  my husband would anser `` throw my fat ass his way . '', 
  and i wo n't complain , i can definitely seduce 'em and choke 'em between my large boobs . 
  a way more interesting/happy way to die than any burglar deserves . 
  hubby still do n't wan na admit not everyone 's attracted to women though . 
  suicide is sin , child . 
  well , small hands were never associated with tough guys so ... . . 
  my mil 's dog does exactly the same thing . 
  except he 's a bichon . 
  a few years ago , a south of france journal made an article about an old lady losing her wallet . 
  it was returned to her via post with a note saying `` i took your cash because i 'm in a tough situation i 'm so sorry , but here 's the rest of your wallet '' . 
  lady was glad she got her wallet back and said `` i hope he 's alright , now '' to the journalist . 
  with this comp , i would 76 and plant healing beacon on the pl for extra heals . 
  that 's about the only thing i do n't fail with him . 
  mmy favourite is to flank defenseless junkrat while he drives the rip tire . 
  as a fat chick i feel weird because i think the only way you 'd accept someone like me is if i worked out ( which i hate , as any self respecting gamer/nerd can ) or it would make you stop working out and i would feel guilty if it made you sad or less confident . 
  or you 're watching your killcam . 
  i keep it on in case it gives me symmetra tp location, 
  it would be nice . 
  players could bring their masters ( maybe cap the number of masters and no doubles ) and decorations to a pool the guild officers could tap into or there could be a true guild master we could level as a guild to level up our hideout as some sort of uber zana ? 
  maybe even make a special map device with more than six portals to uber maps to emulate raiding ? 
  would require tons of dev ( networking for ex ? 
  ) , so i 'm just jotting down my dreams on a reddit post so the internet remembers when i said it and what i said in my stead . 
  you seem like a good guy . 
  makes me want to work on my flexibility . 
  well , i do like swimming , but anything hindered by my boobs will annoy me . 
  i plan to try it all again once i have the reduction done . 
  true that . 
  i already lost 15 kilos i never regained just by stopping to drink any kind of soda and having proper thrice a day meals . 
  i 'm still overweight though . 
  that 's why i changed the word after `` nerd/gamer '' to `` can '' instead of `` do '' in my original comment because i too know gamers who enjoy a workout and nerds who pump iron . 
  i admit the fault did happen but i thought it out . 
  sorry i did n't change the whole sentence in my hurry to get the message out before taking the metro though ... 
  this is already what i do . 
  i went from 100 kg to 90 that way . 
  i had to get pielonephritis to lose an additional five . 
  newsflash : overweight woman is still overweight . 
  i already eat healthy and walk whenever i can on parts of my commute . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  i think it 's because i 'm lazy and the only sports i enjoyed as a kid were basket ball and football/soccer which i ca n't do anymore until i find a sports bra in my size . 
  also.finding team mates : uuugh . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  i 'll look around . 
  hello , i recommend that you read my answers to all the other people who told me exactly that in the comments before you . 
  have a nice day . 
  i think it 's a good @reapernames, 
  i used to boil my pastas with a cube of pot-au-feu broth and keep the water to make a pasta soup in winter . 
  then my husband added cheap cocktail sausages to the recipe . 
  now we do it still but we grill big montb\u00e9liard or toulouse sausages and drop them to finish cooking with the pasta . 
  also , when i was alone , i 'd buy tomatoes and cheese and ham and cover them in olive oil and lemon juice . 
  remove the ham , you have a salad that 's suitable for those of us who do n't eat meat . 
  cheese brings the proteins . 
  seriously , my mom 's not finnish but she made a decent salmon soup . 
  i started learning finnish years later and learned of the lohikeitto , even ate some at a half finnish mate 's home in paris . 
  went to finland . 
  ate a salmonsoup . 
  this is the opposite of bland , the amount of dill you guys drop in every meal you 're allowed to do so is astonishing . 
  it burned my tongue , i could barely taste the salmon and the potatoes did n't help wash it off because ot was cooked with all that dill !, 
  i 'll have some more riisipiirakat , though . 
  and cinnamon buns . 
  and blackberry cakes . 
  omfg , the college years memories . 
  i 'd always take the cheaper makkara because i usually came to finland last minute , but being drunk and finding that grilli ... 
  except the time i went with my now husband for tuska in 2012 and we bought mcnuggets instead . 
  i was so drunk , but it was n't the same y' know ... 
  man , reading you ama makes me want to go to finland again . 
  it 's actually pretty weird when you 're used to drenching your chicken nuggets in tabasco and eat your kebab with extra harrissa without even batting an eye . 
  i say burn , but i also felt the same burn when my mother forced me to clean my teeth with thyme essence to strengthen my weak gums , so maybe `` burn '' is n't a good analogy in english . 
  also , i love dill . 
  just not in the astronomic quantities finn put in their freaking soup ... 
  sorry for kilograms i 'm on my phone being miserable in the toilet because i do n't know what to do with my life other than let my husbamd bail me out as usual ... 
  height : 169 cm female from chanteloup , france ( the one next to disneyland , not the other ), 
  i dropped from almost the hundred to the nineties when i stopped drinking soda .
