  at my age , my mom could rent on a minimum wage . 
  she did n't have any qualifications and my dad failed college . 
  i have more diplomas than both my parebts and was so desperate for some qyick buck , i started a self entrepreneur company . 
  if i 'm even allowed to visit an appartment to rent , i 'm lucky or the guys are desperate to get rid of a bad thing with obvious flaws . 
  in fact , since i 'm currently my own boss on a single client i had to literally harass to get because he would n't hire me when he had need of my skills and simply did n't want the extra costs of an employee , and my husband is paying for my housing and food when i have my student loan to repay , i should n't complain . 
  winds of winter , season 6 , i do n't know but please can something come and seal this freaking breach already ? 
  one day i asked my mom why my left boob was bigger and to reassure me it was normal , she told me how my little bro went to her with his own question about how his left nut was bigger than the right . 
  i guess my father dumping us for another woman when we were little kids meant he asked a lot of questions to my mom instead of him . 
  especially things relating to manhood since he ( and his sisters too ) were all too busy trying to impress him at varying degrees ( my teen crisis was directed at him i wanted the bad attention because i was old enough to have lost the hope he 'd be a real father to us , he was one only for my little half siblings , i guessed because he was finally mature enough for having kids , the thing he 's been disseminating since he was eighteen ) . 
  i 'm sorry i stopped at `` morales legs '' i 'll edit when i stop laughing so hard . 
  so , i 'm sorry my dirty mind took the better of me . 
  i too was convinced that after xul we were going to have another diablo hero , so thank you for giving us an idea . 
  i think they made too much heroes with the heroes , so i thought about imperius and malthael for no other reason that they are unexpected and blizzard likes to surprise us . 
  thanks for the info gathering . 
  i think ot sad people just remember the flower gifting and not the whole fight for our rights things . 
  however , cleavages and bare midriffs aside , blizzard girls have always been well written and independant leaders and warriors , falling only rarely into cliches and this valla / gazlowe pic is absolutely great and hilarious . 
  good job . 
  wood 's face reminds me of cole from dai when i played with my old gpu and sometimes his face would n't generate in full , making his chin and nose extra pointy and his eyeballs bulge because one layer of `` skin '' was missing . 
  this is creepy . 
  upgrade your rigs , kids . 
  tl ; dr : not exactly beating one , i just killed the horse and made sure he was very very dead . 
  the game is path of exile in case you 're wondering . 
  well , i died level one in a game against a kind of boss that was not at all hard because my mates were hurrying me in a stupid hardcore race . 
  it was 2012 , very early 2013 , the game was still in beta , i had just come from an easier game to play i had not mastered , i 'm the girl who 's less skilled at games because i play for the story and the feels rather than the farm and the achievements and i was pretty pissed when they teased me about it back then ( also a hardcore character means i had to recreate it to play with them adding to the humiliation ) . 
  the game launched an expansion last month and some of those friends picked up the game again ( they had left , leaving the husband and i to duo ) . 
  today , i 'm more skilled at the game , i had a proper character in softcore ( no permanent death ) , i did n't die as much , as i used to ( record is 450 deaths , 50 of them on the same boss . ), 
  guess what happened when i said on voice chat that i had just died on something not especially easy nor difficult and bitched about it being my third death of this run ? 
  `` well you did n't die on hillock level one this time . '', 
  the friends laugh and the husband looks at me , so smug . 
  this joke is old , old , old . 
  but now i 'm more confident . 
  so i start to describe how i imagined him whispering to my womb for our yet unconceived children how i died on hillock at level one . 
  extensively so , describing him teaching our kids how their mom one day died on the easiest boss in the game at every dinner and even scold them like `` do n't be like your mom and die on hillock '' . 
  i described him as a dad making jokes , dank and sweaty . 
  i showed him what it truly means to be nightmare . 
  i have n't heard him joke about him in a while . 
  next i 'll attack the receding hairlines and his aching back . 
  it ` sfunny because krapula means hangover in finnish . 
  i feel like there is great potential for a joke . 
  i do it the other way around . 
  i have him wait all day , usually as i prepare and make myself more traditionnally pretty ( hair removal in strategic places and my legs ) and i cook him a burger and then he had a bj . 
  i usually wake him up an hour later for the sex . 
  i always recognize one of them ( the one on the back in this pic ) cuz she looks like her dad , the other ( talking to reynolds ) looks like someone else in the family i guess so i only realise she 's mini-obama 2 when her sister is around . 
  good thing i 'm getting my new ssd from the shop today . 
  the updates could n't install properly for a while and i realised why . 
  i thought a 64gb ssd would be enough to house my os , but video games d.on ' t agree . 
  so new system ssd inc. 120gb . 
  should do the trick . 
  on a side note , did it happen only to legit copies or are cracks affected ? 
  edit : the games are technically on a 1t hard drive , games just tend to install shit on the system partition and i have a lot of saved games and badly programmed free to plays . 
  the downvotes seem to stem from this particular incomprehension . 
  what 's taking space is saved games and mmos storing stuff in the main drive . 
  i 've got an internal turned external ( because space in the old rig ) 1t drive and buying the 73 $ 260 ssd i wanted was out of my budget . 
  i was very fine with the 60g for two years until win7 refused to update because it did n't have any place because ncsoft , gameforge , bethesda and their ilk store so much shit in my documents or appdata or roaming without always allowing you to change that . 
  well now , i 'll be reinstalling windows with the `` user files on another drive '' trick , using my old 60g ssd , the one that recently hit the limit . 
  i bought a pack of five instant noodles without the flavouring , it 's really useful . 
  i cook them with shrooms , whatever meat i 've got and frozen vegetables from whatever ready to cook stuff we got and add a big spoon of teriyaki sauce in the stew after the square of beef or chicken stew properly melted into the water . 
  we eat that on evenings . 
  when i plan to eat ramen at work , i bring a box with the noodles and the teriyaki sauce inside and buy any kind of instant soup with a meaty flavour from the convenience store near the office and add boiling water . 
  we also buy proper ramen and change the regular shrooms by black shrooms then . 
  also i am an alien who has loved brocoli forever . 
  even as a kid so the office version has some . 
  i 'll try the lime thibg one day when i 'm nog using teriyaki ( it 's supposed to have some sort of citrus/orange but smaller thing in it and i do n't wan na mix them ... ), 
  i care about cruel because i 'll farm the challenge on it soon . 
  i 'd definitely dog a daily cruel labyrinth post , sticky or not . 
  mines and garden are my favourite maps with spider queen in a full premade party =(, 
  it is an expensive piece of technology or it was for us at the time , but people do n't understand why eight years later i still have beef against my bro for stealing and doing whatever woth my psp over the false pretense of using its `` broken '' status to practice ( he was starting to study electronics ) . 
  it happened when we were 17 and almost 16 respectively and i 've stolen many things of his in retaliation , including a xbox 360 for something i only used for a year ( albeit intensively ) and the battery had probably died and repairing was going to cost money none of us had . 
  but it was the p!nk one with tekken 4 still in it because i had gone crazy on that game . 
  my mom had the money to buy expensive presents for everyone that year so my brother had an expensive something too . 
  it was a symbol , a symbol of my mom 's first year of going back to work after having kids and it fucking disappeared . 
  i 'm 25 now and i 'm still pissed . 
  omfg , this is horrible !, 
  i think we 've all been asked to see `` what is wrong with my computer '' ? 
  since i was thirteen . 
  sometimes even hardcore hardware shit i started to learn about only when i left my teens . 
  seek professional help if you 've spilled coffee on your laptop , no 15 y/o can help you !, 
  maybe you cam help me . 
  as a speaker of english as a second language , i ca n't truly decide if unhinged is like `` a little mad '' or `` batshit crazy '' . 
  am i unhinged because i 've been holding a grudge for long or because of something else ? 
  stem cell stuff could get a lot more reasearch grants , i guess ... 
  thanks for the honest answer . 
  i leave this thread more knowledgeable in english . 
  however , i broke the cd tray of the 360 so i 'm not giving it back =(, 
  i always thought voltorb was pok\u00e9mon 's idea of a meta joke , but i 'm still looking for the others . 
  i 'll have to ask my dad about the exact model , but i think we got you beat with twelve including three toddlers . 
  `` classmates '' started a petition to have me fired from our webmarketing school . 
  these are my friends . 
  see how they glisten . 
  see this one shine , how he smiles in the light . 
  my friend . 
  my faithful friend . 
  same for the french version . 
  i have n't even considered buying it in french and my hubby 's waiting for the full versions that will come when it 's complete , he 's happy with the show . 
  he 's also very proud he managed to read my copy of agot thought but would not like a repeat of that ordeak . 
  sadly , in france and in spanish speaking countries , a lot of people do n't speak english . 
  in games like wow it does n't matter because a lot of gamers will try to get info through sources in english , that 's why my hubby 's writing and reading is extremely good , and he too was appalled by the french translations , mostly because , pretty much like in spanish , we do n't have the same shortcuts they do . 
  ( jaina port-vaillant . 
  [ screams internally ] ), 
  but at the same time , a lot of meaning and subtleties were completely lost anyway because a foreign crowd does n't have the ability to understand all the nuances .
