  my mom 's birthday 's on valentines day . 
  also my dad was raised by jw so he forgets all the time , thinks i 'm the one whose bd is the 14th when it 's the 9th . 
  and there 's the time my mom 's sister sent red roses to my mom on her birthday . 
  she 's been my favourite real life troll since then . 
  ( she signed `` love , you beloved sister f. '' ), 
  also , such statement is clearly denying the fact that americans vote . 
  i ca n't imagine a politician in my country saying that kind of thing ( well , ok , one circumstance , but still ... ) and you 're supposed to be the beacon of freedom and democracy ... 
  you are just not in sync . 
  this takes time and is only rarely achieved the first times and/or in one night stands . 
  it seems the girl who made it removed it , i hope it is n't a dmca over orange gobelin 's music , but she showed how to transform a metal band t-shirt into a girly fit with only scissors and elastics . 
  sadly with metal shirts and big boobs , you got ta be careful or the cover of the album you so love will be hidden beneath your underboobs . 
  if i remember well , she cinches the waist by cutting the sides horizontally in several places , then knots the cloth together to make a sort of grill . 
  then she cuts a cleavage . 
  since it 's metal she does n't sow over the cut to smooth it over , but i think i would to keep it longer because the threads might decide to make a great escape . 
  duncan could not believe his bad luck . 
  he had made the rounds , but he had always come too late . 
  first , orzammar . 
  he had been there on a sort of quest of will . 
  if he could sense no malice in the deep roads , he would start this recruiting spree . 
  sadly , it seemed the horde indeed gave the dwarves a reprieve and started to invade the surface . 
  duncan stepped over the mutilated body of a dwarven woman with blotchy skin . 
  she would become a brood mother if he left her . 
  her haunted eyes lost their light as the dagger sinked into her chest . 
  after a brief visit at the provings where a young man with the brand of the casteless was being executed for maker knew why , leaving duncan pensieve , he left the underground city . 
  the hahren of the denerim alienage had a promising girl who was abducted by the son of the city 's arl the day of her wedding . 
  it seemed he did n't like them feisty . 
  her cousin had tried to save her , but he had ended up in a cell , beaten and subdued * a proper knife-ear * duncan heard the guards snicker , making duncan 's lip curl in disgust . 
  he saw the woman 's head , dipped in tar , on a pike at the door of the estate . 
  her gracious elingated ears had been cut with savagery and stuffed in her open mouth . 
  duncan turned around . 
  he travelled north to highever , to see if the cousland boy had made progress . 
  last he came to eleanor 's home , the boy had been the kind of child who could n't pass up a good story . 
  duncan had thus obliged the boy and recounted the tales of the first and second blight when griffons had not already been extinct and the grey wardens rode them . 
  he had made sure the boy knew of garahel then , hoping to foster a more neutral view of elves , even as his parents treated their servants adequately and never culled the highever alienage . 
  but when he saw the flaming city from afar , he was not so sure . 
  the castle had been spared , but duncan realised why when he found aedan 's cousland 's corpse slumped over the equally dead body of a man who had orders on his person . 
  duncan recognised arl rendon howe 's writing and was suprised . 
  howes and couslands had been friends and allies for ages . 
  and yet , they had attacked this room , where a woman and a child , the sister in law and the nephew of aedan resided . 
  duncan found them in a closet and smuggled them through the secret exit . 
  he escorted them back to denerim and entrusted them to queen anora herself . 
  he needed to try and recruit someone and be fast about it . 
  the imperial highway it was then . 
  the circle of magi fared no better . 
  no knight commander ever surrendered their templars , usually , but gregoir did consent to give him a young boy who had served three years already , even if he looked a bit young with his fat cheeks and his impossibly curly blond hair . 
  it wouls be sad to see the boy struggle and maybe die of the lyrium deprivation , but he was young and strong . 
  he could endure , even if it meant he could no longer subdue mages . 
  duncan sighed as first enchanter irving was cut in his attempt to cite names of his own, 
  `` do not try to save your ~ prot\u00e9g\u00e9e ~ '' gregoir countered . 
  surana will stay in observation . 
  after what she 's done , she ca n't be allowed to be set free to wherever the grey wardens will fly ... '', 
  `` not even if i conscript them ? '', 
  duncan smirked . 
  `` you need to do it in her presence . '', 
  gregoir recited the ancient treaty . 
  `` and the doors to the cells require two keys . 
  one of which is in my possession . 
  i will not surrender it , not when she could be the accomplice of a blood mage or enthralled by him . '', 
  duncan knew when to back down . 
  a fully trained templar was already enough and gregoir probably knew that . 
  however , en route to ostagar through south reach , duncan had a terrible nightmare that startled ser cullen . 
  `` are you alright ser duncan ? '', 
  the young man asked . 
  `` yes ... we are going to need more recruits . '', 
  the man told him . 
  so they veered east in direction of the brecilian forest . 
  with any luck , it would n't be zathrian 's clan who inhabited the woods in this season . 
  marethari usually left for the free marches this time of the year and the other clans he knew , ralaferin and lavellan never usually dwelled in ferelden , unless there was an arlathvhen . 
  the dalish clan however was tense . 
  they were indeed clise to a village , but there was something else . 
  a young woman came to him , her great green eyes matching her face tatoos . 
  `` what is your business here , shemlen ? '', 
  the woman all byt snarled . 
  `` we are grey wardens , come to recruit in these difficult times . '', 
  the woman did something duncan did not expect . 
  she hushed them in an aravel and then started to cry . 
  marethari was dead . 
  apparently , she had explored ruins and found an ancient elvhen artifact . 
  it was usually good news to the dalish elves seeking to restore their lost lore and free their people from slavery and alienages . 
  `` but the mirror ... 
  it did something to tamlen and mahariel ... she tried to save them but ... and i. . . 
  i ran ... and now i ca n't give you anybody because we lost our keeper , we lost two hunters and myself barely escaped with my life . 
  i have to lead this clan now ... '' young merrill , too young merrill , dried her tears and held her head high . 
  `` we are truly sorry but for the survival of this clan we can not spare anyone . '', 
  duncan understood . 
  life was rough for the nomadic elves who upheld their ancient beliefs . 
  cullen had been amazed by the clan , though . 
  `` surana had told me about it , but her memories were few , since she was taken to the circle so young , '' he babbled . 
  `` but those people are eve braver than i thought ! '', 
  `` how do you know so much about a mage , templar ? '', 
  duncan questioned . 
  the young man turned red and started to stammer . 
  duncan was confident that he would n't have any problem with him with the grey warden mages then . 
  duncan was out of options for recruiting , but he had a good lad and he was confident in his success . 
  so they were on their way to the korcari wilds where the king 's army waited and sent the three youngest recruits with junior warden alistair to collect their darkspawn blood . 
  overhearing the man laugh at a joke cullen made , he realised the men had known each other as they trained in the chantry . 
  hiever , alistair had been recruited before he took his vows and still knew how to use templar abilities . 
  maybe he could help hone cullen 's own so he did not lose them when lyrium made itself scarce ... 
  if he did n't die from withdrawal first . 
  duncan sighed .
