this has been quite the time since i heard of sopa . 
  when i was around 16/17 , i actively fought against the hadopi law ( that cuts the internet to people who cant `` protect their own internet connection against hacking '' and basically `` download illegally '' . 
  when it passed , i could n't do much , i was n't technically of age to demonstrate on the streets and this stayed a really `` nerdy '' matter for quite a time . 
  then it passed and people were brought on trial on stupid grounds . 
  a 55 years old high school economy teacher accused of downloading movies he had n't seen and musics he only vaguely heard about or heard in his schools corridors , played by students on their mobile phones . 
  he had to pay himself his train ticket to paris and an hotel room during the week ( meaning he had courses to hold that he could n't ), 
  another victim was the mother of a young 20 years old woman who lived in her home still . 
  the mother asked `` my daughter did it all the downloading monitored , should i fill a complaint against her ? '', 
  the answer was yes . 
  hadopi had turned france upside down and tore families apart . 
  sopa works on an even larger scale and threatens the whole internet !, 
  everything that infringes copyright would be subject to this law and forbidden on us network , making transcontinental communication a lot harder . 
  consider that i usually read most of my news in english on american medias such as cnn , youtube , googlenews ... 
  if any link infringes copyright , the site hosting it could be blocked by usa 's ips ' . 
  i am against all mechanical and purposeful regulation of the internet and i am happy riot games shares my views on sopa , making me proud to be a league of legends fan and player . 
  this kind of mechanical processes can be used to other means ... look at china !, 
  please , talk to your congress and senate representatives . 
  you elect them , they must listen to you : tell them how you feel this infringes your freedom of speech and that of others that ca n't use reddit , youtube because it has been taken down by sopa . 
  no to made in china internet !, 
  no to sopa !, 
  thank you . 
  elyza , the french chick who 's now old enough to vote in 2012 and kick hadopi 's butt ... will you be bold enough to do the same ? 
  i do n't have a junk , but i wanted to say something nasty : nether blade . 
  you 're welcome . 
  how do you solo queue at all ? 
  lol !, 
  =d i meant how do you find the patience actually . 
  i hate long queues . 
  i did had several minutes long queues when i was down to 1k elo, 
  i feel like a boss to be a 1k1 now because it means that i suffered ( and still suffer now ^ ^ ), 
  because they 're famous , you 're not . 
  i absolutely loved those !, 
  the dragon age ones are cool too , 
  extermination is not the way , my dear , 
  i think it 's safe to assume that a lot of us will play the scientist or explorer paths , indeed . 
  raidy tou reupr\u00e9z\u00e8nte yurope ine zeu wilde starre lore sube redite , monsieur . 
  * salutes with half a baguette raised to her temple looking as pompous as the stereotypes that describe her people *, 
  firefly . 
  the only 2000 's sci-fi series that my mom watched before i did =p, 
  i really thought buck 's look and the spellslinger were heavily inspired of malcolm reynolds . 
  i ca n't wait to see him in a dress and swearing by his pretty floral bonnet . 
  oh , pretty neat idea . 
  shall we start the internet harrassment already or should we behave ? 
  awesome . 
  just please no comic sans in the next ones ? 
  can we try to find a new typo together on this thread ? 
  i like this one : http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/pathway+gothic+one, 
  and this one had a flair to it : http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/aldrich, 
  think about it , this is freaking sci-fi , 
  but it 's only for web , since it 's google webfonts . 
  does anybody know any other sites that allows downloads of new awesome typos ? 
  well , i 'm pretty much screwed , though i find it a really good choice . 
  so basically , darkstar is batman ? 
  definitely my choice as a daughter of a north african and a camerooneese dude . 
  i think the food in the rest of westeros would as bland and acid to me as a salmon soup with too much aneth . 
  but i do love finnish pastries and piirakat !, 
  also , if i chose to have some fun on the wrong side of the blanket , i wo n't earn the cersei treatment but gazes much more like those i 'm given today which i 'm perfectly used to now !, 
  guess i 'd rather be a sand than a trueborn for that though ... 
  yeah ... singing and writing fanfictions wo n't help at the wall proper but i 'd be a sexier recruiter . 
  we 're looking for secondary targets really at this point . 
  also , some people in our group want to make a real company out of this . 
  it 's a graduation project , so there 's this possibility ... 
  thank you for your input it was most helpful . 
  i 'll probably mp you later . 
  in france doodling on the copy is almost a criminal offense , as if you disrespected the teacher grading it ... 
  however teachers are taught to teach / provide / demand students use spare paper for doodles , calculus , writing first thoughts ... because only geniuses know the answer straight away and write them clean on the dedinitively to be graded paper ... 
  anything to justify incest ... 
  mine actually wrote to my parents that i stopped doodling in physics and chemistry class as if it was an exceptional acomplishment . 
  little did he know that i had instead started a writing frenzy !, 
  perhaps because abortion is banned by the faith . 
  that was my assumption ... 
  i mean , my grand parents are jehovah witnesses i 'm pretty sure they would n't agree with abortion . 
  also lollys has been described as simple / dim witted . 
  maybe her parents did n't even realize she 'd get pregnant ... 
  i tried the french translation to pick up the names so i could speak of it with my husband and sadly , some names are poorly chosen . 
  however it is very difficult to translate names and convey all the subtext in a language that is so different . 
  the hound = le limier for example loses all the feral part of a hound because limier does n't convey the same bestiality as hound . 
  but i am being a linguistic nerd and you were talking about spanish . 
  this is just like paris . 
  think of it : there 's a chat alert when you see the enemy team got dragon/baron . 
  why not test a feature like it with reksai and sion 's ults ? 
  it would take a lot of testing so it does n't interfere with the important items bought notification ( wards , trinkets , abyssal scepter ... ), 
  modern history . 
  this was my favourite part of school : knowing the history of capitalism and economics and stuff was awesome . 
  and we did n't learn just about the two last centuries of french history , we learned of the us , russian empire a bit of japan , i had a blast . 
  and it was technical too a bit . 
  less for the l section of school ( google french lyc\u00e9e please xd i 'm on my phone and it would be too long to explain ... ), 
  when i see all of this i wonder what went wrong with y' all . 
  i see what you ask and aside from the very ciscentered and heterocentered quality of our sex ed , the main problem with french school is the technology class and the great gap between teachers whose formation include almost no pedagogy and students who struggle to be integrated to the republican system we have a very good quality syllabus . 
  it is just apploed by people who are experts but do n't know how to teach it . 
  it is extremely weird to see y' all ask for sex ed or what in france we call education civique which teaches us our basic rights , our institutions and how to vote . 
  i hope you guys succeed in gaining the right to have more relatable classes . 
  i learned where coal was mined how important it was for commerce and the next year we did the same with oil . 
  in this modern history we learned of world war ii and of the cold war and how the is funded what would become the ajatollah khomeiny . 
  i learned how the 5th republic came to pass in france and why de gaulle did that . 
  i hope you learn that bout your leaders and your teacjers teaches you to watch fpr important ressources how they 're important . 
  you 'll learn to predict wars . 
  i got in trouble for that too but it turned out i did n't listen to the material that way and had bad grades as a result . 
  except in my last year of highschool when i breezed through english and the teacher let me read in peace . 
  to thank him for that i usually brought books in english in the class so the themes would match .
