  if you ever find it , understand french and like musicals , starmania ends pretty badly for the hero . 
  since there are english versions of some of the hit songs , i guess an english version was made . 
  ( cindy lauper 's the world is stone is the english version of le monde est stone . ), 
  it 's old now but it 's one of our best musicals ( maybe the only one ... ), 
  with the way it shines i wonder what she would look like in full colour . 
  she 's gorgeous !, 
  ... ok i do n't want to have my period again . 
  or a child . 
  i was the weird kid . 
  americans give peanut butter to their dogs oo, 
  is n't sugar actually bad for dogs anyway ? 
  yes but her back is all bent . 
  mine is . 
  that 's why i have my lower back completely killed because i always slept on my belly as a kid and did n't stop ... 
  driving over bumps hurt the biggies even if you wear a bra . 
  maybe i should get one ... 
  do you know there are more than one pride flag ? 
  good thing my back hurts then , maybe i can get a diagnosis other than `` probably my huge boobs '', 
  i hate hachis parmentier . 
  i always hated that dish with a passion . 
  it is a fixture at lunch in schools and they were allways overcooked with super gross cheap meat reheated in acid tomato sauce . 
  this man ruined my life as i can not hear the words hachis and parmentier without gagging . 
  i never get out at the parmentier metro or bus station if i can avoid it and will always make the walk from oberkampf or r\u00e9publique . 
  that morning i woke up , nose into male genitalia during my high school years . 
  actually they are . 
  they just roughed up some babushkas to make place for the tourists in the pretty places such as the seaside and stuff ... 
  in france , only the bachelor is costumed . 
  usually , something ridiculous . 
  my husband went to a friend 's `` enterrement de vie de [ jeune ] gar\u00e7on '' ( replace gar\u00e7on with fille for the female version , `` young '' optional as some people still have them for second weddings etc. . . ) and against the tradition he told me about it because i could n't be at the actual wedding anyway to snitch about it to the bride . 
  so they dressed him up in a bear sleep suit and made him drink flavoured shots . 
  he described his friend as a `` rainbow puking teddy bear '' . 
  and now that i 'm writing it in english it sounds way cooler ... 
  i think the sound designers will be proud they gave such a good impression with their work and eventually pitch the sound one way or the other . 
  sorry imma talk in kgs but i too think she cheated even though i 'd take surgery anytime . 
  i struggled to go from 100 to my actual 88 and i was quite sad to regain the 3kg i lost to nephritis a year ago . 
  ( sure ingesting nothing but watered down apple juice for a week does wonders on your waistline ... ), 
  not a hellblazer reader : i loved the fuck out of keanu 's constantine . 
  this movie is great . 
  i should see it again . 
  it was the feelings of a lot of french people . 
  we are a people who can embrace religion but in our language , we say `` i 'll think about you '' or say `` you are in our thoughts '' rather than `` my prayers go to you '' . 
  in itself it 's weird because french language has a lot of religion based expressions , albeit a bit less than english , thank you revolution and the 1901 law establishing the secularity of administrations . 
  we are also taught not to rub our religion in peoples 's faces because of that so that might be why the expression is different . 
  hearing or reading '' pray for paris '' sounds like that . 
  or it could be because prayer is supposed to be the last resort , when the world is ending and we know we 're going die , then and only then will tell you `` y' a plus qu ' \u00e0 prier '' which is hard to tra slate but amounts to `` now we can only pray and hope '' besides the fact that the word for hope is not even in the sentence . 
  so this comic says basically : please , do n't rub your religion in our faces when some guys is using one to further their bloody agendas and tomorrow , people will use these murders to further stigmatise the regular folks who follow this religion . 
  also we 're not dead or dying waiting for a last sacrament to absolve us of our sins , praying sounds a bit extreme , di n't you think ? 
  i 'd like to quote david thewlis ' character in kingdom of heaven to orlando bloom but i 'm on mobile . 
  it 's quite accurately describing a lit of french people 's opinions right now , probably including muslims but i 'm not muslim myself so ... ... 
  this os the story of how i was born . 
  my mom is lesbian . 
  my dad turned out to be a childish selfish jerk but y' know she only realised when she became pregnant with my little sister ... love blinds and all ... 
  you meabt the first thing , right ? 
  but is n't the first draft just the beginning anyway ? 
  if a first draft was given in now , i 'd expect the book in winter ... 2016 !, 
  i thought they gave win10 away for free to avoid a new windows xp situation where win7 refuses to die long after support . 
  that my sister would bring her cat to the veterinarian . 
  she 's been accepted into the military so i 'm going to keep her cat whose five months old now still no vaccinations and no plans to have her sterilised . 
  since i have a cat myself i 'm going to spend the money i was saving for a new graphic card and a new case because my old one is too small . 
  lafayette is lucky to be so damn cute , seriously . 
  no one can resist her . 
  not even my cat hating mother . 
  ( she 's a dog person ), 
  well , the french did n't give a rat 's ass about their african soldiers beliefs , they just did n't do proselytism . 
  source : a movie about wwii but heck it was probably the same with less resistance in wwi : indig\u00e8nes / days of glory https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/indig\u00e8nes, 
  makes me quite happy that despite being extremely messy , husband and i still try to make room in our schedules for sex or at least hugs . 
  because with the way i put the toilet paper rolls , i think i 'd start a war because it 's always , always not the way he puts it . 
  also we close the lid because dumb cat so it 's not an issue ... 
  not exactly women in general , but friends who have known each other for at least an amount of time proportional to their confidence and/or shyness or prudeness whatever it 's actually called . 
  it takes me a month to be comfortable naked around a girl , but that 's because i used to go to finland every other summer . 
  saunas and swimming pools require that you shower naked and there were n't always private stalls . 
  my best friend who is half finnish , half italian ca n't stand to be in less than her underwear with me and is uncomfortable with me naked . 
  we have known each other for seven years . 
  learning tera and wildstar skillshot based mechanics . 
  i stopped playing for a while because i was so focused and stressed , i messed more often than not . 
  did n't even go back to tera . 
  thankfully , since you do n't have to level up a whole other class to switch your playstyle in wildstar i witched to healing and i managed to finally get my silver lining dungeons to go raiding without breaking a sweat . 
  but damn , the darkness that is ssm , though . 
  i still suck at most of this !, 
  the events of wildstar are packed with red zones and you have to either dodge them , jump over them or even stand in them !, 
  then you have to master the interrupt armour abilities and time them with the group ... 
  even in path of exile or minecraft ( fperson creeps the f out of me , if i hear an arrow i usually jump from my chair and send my husband into a laughing fit ) i did ' t get that much stress . 
  i could n't just sit back and pew pew my burst and cycle my spammer . 
  `` there are no girls on the internet . '', 
  i wish i had gotten polaroid dick pics as a teenager , but there was already mms when boys started to get interested in me . 
  even then , a polaroid dick pic would have garnered much more respect than a costly mms . 
  edit : as considerate and fun as your proposals sound , i 'm not a teenage girl anymore and have plenty of erect members at hand in pictures and in the flesh . 
  yes , i wrote that . 
  i suppose they 're just stuck on the news reports ? 
  ok , this one i definitely want to see . 
  one guy above wrote a fill that had almost nothing to do with harry potter i do n't see him downvoted , sorry , i think it 's unfair . 
  you could have just told him it was from fallout and to play the freaking game !, 
  it happened to me during flashback , i never play hc ... 
  i just got my sister 's cat to keep while she 's away in the military and she does exactly that ( from the jumping hig to the gentle shoulder nip ) . 
  she 's three months old now and my sis had to bottle feed her because she 's the runt . 
  seeing a baby lion that 's like thirty times her size do the same is extremely disturbing ... 
  86 and 91 couple . 
  two cats , just bought a house . 
  91 is sick and tired to repeat the same sentence over and over again every day since 86 made the purchase . 
  let me find a fucking job before i bring a tiny life that depends on me for food affection and education to our family !,
