  shaved pelvis . 
  it would n't have looked like a birthdate in most parts of europe anyway . 
  husband and i been together for seven years , living together for five and pacs ` ed ( sort of civil union ) for three . 
  his brother presented him to me at a pick nick . 
  i drunkenly made comments about how gorgeous he was and how badly i wanted to kiss him . 
  i only did it a month later under a summer rain in the tuileries garden , our first date . 
  ( seems ridiculously romantic yeah ... ) . 
  i sort of pushed myself onto him and looking back , we both realised that if i had n't been this straightforward , we would never have been together . 
  i was his first kiss too ... 
  he 's five years older than me , but he 's always been the shy sickly thin boy focused on his studies . 
  those guys need straightforward people to boost their confidence and make them realise that they are romantically and sexually attractive and desirable . 
  i will always tell my children our story . 
  unless you are in a consensual polyamoroys relationship . 
  then you should let every party know about the state of your relationship . 
  yeah , because all muslims bomb mosques on the first friday of ramadan . 
  oh wait , they were kurdish and their womens only wore hijabs and were free to move around , nobody cares ... 
  i 'm pretty sure we have a movie or a sketch about it in france ... 
  i 'm sure we have some sort of humorist who made the joke the dude who started this comment thread is talking about in my country of birth , which in france . 
  i did n't have the time to actually check though ... maybe the movie mais qu'est - ce qu'on a fait au bon dieu would count ? 
  i played the monk when it was f2p because i loved monk in diii but not enough to buy him at 10k gold . 
  an overextending tychus and then an overextending illidan blamed me for for not being tanky enough ( tychus ) or healing them enough ( illidan ) . 
  i was sort of a noob for both games still trying out builds with the healing trai , but i still saved a few of my teammates . 
  it made me quite mad inside even as i stayed polite ... 
  i never got yelled at that way when i played tyrande or uther , but i had n't been playing in a month , i was shocked ... and then not so much because i spent that month playing an mmo as a healer with dps ' who ca n't bother to get out of the red zones to avoid damage because they need to stay ahead in vortex meter y' know ... 
  i hate this mentality that 's all about the memememememmemememmememe and the worst is even in pretty level headed people with experience in gamrs , this way of thinking stays consistent accross multiple games of heroes and multiple video games , even in one where you know each other a lot because you 're a medium sized guild in a game that 's losing players and turning f2p soon . 
  so much you commiserate with healers of the opposing faction about the guys who say `` i died because healer did n't heal me '' when they were os 'd by a nova ulti and shirked away from uther 's ult ar the last moment because they were trying to kill her clone ... 
  also people avoiding your healing skillshots for a kill they die for . 
  * facepalms *, 
  with the lags on ws sonce f2p i 've been playing hots more often than not ... 
  man ... 
  i 'm so guilty of nine ... never played pathfinder though . 
  this was a fun read and you reminded us that we 're not just playing with characters but with people above all . 
  you deserve that best of , man . 
  good thread , good comment !, 
  i hope she came back to play again . 
  i used a calculator all the time and get my team mates and gm to help me , you could totally help her , you seem to have the necessary pedagogy to help her realise her problem is not one ( at least not in a game ) . 
  is n't that from a movie with john cleese ? 
  i do n't know the real english title i saw it with my mom in our tongue but it 's like a fish named wanda ? 
  there 's a scene where wanda ( the human wanda ) and john cleese meet that looks like just that : `` we do n't need to talk just please shut up and kiss me !!! '', 
  i 'm pretty sure this could be about dragon age relationships in general anyway . 
  ( that and the kink wanda has on foreign languages ... ), 
  i ca n't say i would n't have sold it . 
  this gives me great faith in humanity and makes me rethink my ways of thinking ... 
  upvoted because clumsy comments promoting scepticism should not warrant so much downvotes . 
  also do not know how to spell the english word for `` avoir l'esprit critique '' so i went with `` sceptique '' and added `` icism '' cuz i think i heard that one ... 
  duly noted . 
  thank you . 
  bossy , i assert my dominance to mask my feelings of inadequacy and my lack of self confidence through grammar naziness and acting the know it all teacher . 
  i 'm a pretty annoying kind of girl ... 
  back in season one , the tooltip said the damage applied to minions without even mentioning champs . 
  i got it right away . 
  wtf happened in s3 ? 
  no , it 's patrick . 
  zack and mirri make a porno ? 
  not weird but my now husband was trying to steal my drink because i am turning very promiscuous when i drink . 
  i had invited a friend visiting from finland so everyone had to speak english with our nasty accents so i remember that shit quite well . 
  first , i say the most obnoxious thing like when we hear i have never had anal sex i ask if only a centimeter count to piss him off ( we were already together ) . 
  then we switched to truth or dare . 
  i was dared to speak finnish for the remainder of the night so i drunk more because finnish is much easier to speak when you 're drunk so my friend had to translate to my then boyfriend now husband `` i dare you to have sexual intercourse with me in the toilets '' to him making him even more pissed ( and teaching me better cjoice of words too like dick because i only knew pussy and ass ) . 
  he was turned on and we did it when people eventually passed out . 
  too bad the nerves got the better of him , but he made it up to me another night in the privacy of his own home . 
  turns me on every time . 
  european or african birds ? 
  i was especially horny but hubby was n't because of a 12 hours long shift . 
  so we went to bed spooning and i masturbated ( i do n't have toys ... ) . 
  he took my boobs from behind me and caressed them . 
  i did n't last very long after he started to do that . 
  turned out i did n't turn him on by going solo he just thought it cute and funny that i had to take matters in hand and fell asleep quite fast when i was finished . 
  still best masturbation session ever . 
  wait ? 
  i thought we were n't supposed to have passwords that are composed from words that are in a dictionnary ? 
  that 's why my passwords are finnish words in a case defined by the type of service ( partitive for social media , genitive for games etc. . . ) ... 
  egg . 
  i think we have better television than some other countries . 
  so that 's what circlejerk is all about ? 
  jw ca n't even divorce unless the spouse gets `` exvommunicated '' ... and evegn then my aunt made sure her husband was reintegrated so she would n't have to . 
  he was excommunicated because he beat up his kids pretty hard ( like seven year old and busted nose hard ) . 
  she had him reintegrated by quoting several bible verses about discipline at home allowing the belt , even if half the congregation was still shocked because the kid had to go to the hospital and cps was involved . 
  and i tell you , in france , cps gets involved deeply . 
  they 'd all have been in deep shit for abuse anyway if they jad n't accepted to get their kids placed into the system right away , even if only my '' uncle '' was physically violent . 
  i gave my computer aids because i did n't want to pay for the sims 4 . 
  i think i can relate . 
  that and i knew emule . 
  i have yet to see a game where sprinting does n't end in sudden death ( and in a frustrating loss of progression either in hours and/or loss of xp points ), 
  i think the flow was too strong . 
  try to keep your garden hose straight when the water is flowing at its max ... 
  please put that back . 
  luc besson is as much as an a-hole as canal + anyway ... 
  he and his company ( europa corp ) sue a lot as well . 
  except for fighting games . 
  do n't play fighting games on mechanical keyboards . 
  man we have skittles in france !!, 
  i used to binge on them as a teenager , just find the biggest carrefour in your area and scour the sweets and chocolate aisle . 
  i swear to you we have them . 
  might edit with a pic since i 'm going to paris , monoprix might have some, 
  i 'm sure because we did n't have american products on the foreign foods aisle in my area . 
  i definitely remember one day a neighbour had given us leftover chorba during ramadan and my mother knowing she had kids gave her a whole bag of skittles when she gave the plate back and i was quite upset because the chorba might have been delicious but damn , the skittles !!!, 
  now that i think of it i have n't had them since i graduated from high school and left , maybe my home 's carrefour was the only one =(, 
  edit : it might be because i work in webmarketing , but i googled `` skittles france '' and ended on this article about an instagram campaign they did for the french market : http://www.webmarketing-com.com/2014/01/31/25852-skittles-debarque-en-france-avec-la-renne-beau-attitude, 
  they would n't have made this effort if you could n't find skittles in the country aside from american shops but it 's from late 2014 things could have changed .
