  this was going to be tough . 
  that 's also what he thought when a darkspawn blade went through his stomach . 
  the genlock who retrieved it confirmed him this was a blight . 
  no genlock were usually found on the surface . 
  duncan 's gaze turned to the tower where the fire was n't lit . 
  he hoped nothing had happened to cullen and alistair . 
  they were their last chance to beat this blight . 
  i want to continue this but i 'm on mobile . 
  players of the game probably know what i 'm hinting at . '', 
  you know what ? 
  maybe that 's why they love her ? 
  my so is bearing me each day , every day , even when i make him a bill in heating , even when i forget to take out the trash , even when i constantly say i 'm hungry , even when i say `` what do you wan na eat '' even though what i really mean is `` let 's go to the restaurant '' , even though we argue because i think affirmative action is a necessary evil and he believes this is a terrible idea because of the risks ( we were talking about teachers quotas in state examinations selectioning the 50 first results in females and males to fill a hundred positions in schools ) , he bears with me when i speak about fanfiction and the penis size of fictional characters even though he told me several times he does n't want to hear about that and definitely not when it comes to dicks . 
  he comforts me when i 'm sad about being poor and tell him i 'm lucky to have a rich man even if he thinks it 's stupid and does n't make a scumbag meme of it , but he could make plenty of those . 
  he has the fodder . 
  it does n't mean he has to dump me . 
  if he stays with me , i 'm proud , because he loves me for who i am . 
  tl ; dr : if you 've made a scumbag wife post on valentines ' , consider if it really affects your relationship before dumping her because maybe you love her because of her defaults rather than her qualities . 
  i was n't popular in my webmarketing school . 
  i 'm like a mix of hermione granger and luna lovegood and also since i spent four years at uni before coming i was also an older student ( well , my fellow first years were the same age as my little sister ... ), 
  so imagine my hilarity when i learned three of those `` little siblings '' made an online petition to remove me from our class . 
  because i talk a lot with the teacher at the end of class . 
  because i ask and answer questions , sometimes broadening the subject . 
  sweet , sweet summer kids . 
  i sadly did n't quite manage to quit shortbread , rice , pasta , hiney in my tea , my fil 's homemade jam and the occasionnal sweet ( about once a month , one sweet sweet bag of pure sugar ) but yeah , after a year of toning it down , i can tell i feel better physically , if i 'm a bit down mentally , but that 's probably unemployment speaking . 
  is n't `` student '' another name for `` soda taster who eats pizza/pasta every day '' ? 
  one day my mom changed phones and i got to use the old . 
  the new phone had a snake with walls i was n't gaming savvy enough to beat the high score she made , but the other had no walls , i would travel from one side of the screen to the other to eat the dot without eating myself until i crowded the screen so much i could n't move anymore ... 
   comminications, 
  yep , i 'm not reading further . 
  got ta save that laughs box for my dad 's jokes . 
  this is hard . 
  i think the weirdest is the moment after you 've been hit hard in the face where it does n't hurt yet . 
  the first time was my father punching me when i was seven . 
  i felt like my ears were filled with cottonwool and i knew my nose was hurt because obviously a grown man 's fist had punched it from a mean hook , but it did n't start to hurt after a while , even though i cried on principle because i did n't know why pretending to kick my freshly circumcized six years old brother in the nuts was punch-worthy ( also , i 've always been daddy 's princess before that ... ), 
  and a second one would be , not being aroused while having sex . 
  it 's funny how dick in your vagina can feel funny . 
  you feel it , it 's not bad , the stretching is actually nice , but i 'm not in it and just keep dirty talking , that way the so can have fun despite feeling a bit lonely . 
  weirdest valentine 's day ever , but it was fun to roleplay the part of the kinky girl . 
  i could be in positions i hate and he loves ( like elbows to shoulderblades ... ) . 
  would recommend to asexual people who like to please . 
  all i got was a nasty blob of saliva on my leather jacket . 
  an older lady with her grandson accompanied me to another wagon gave me a handkerchief . 
  managed not to cry until we were at the station i had to change for another line . 
  i was seventeen , doing the universities information days , ( `` porte ouvertes '' events ) , allowed to take the train all the way to paris on my own for the first time with no adult supervision and yet this was the worst day ever . 
  tl ; dr : 17 yo girl played deaf when approached by a man who wanted to sit too close in the metro . 
  was spat on , had a nervous breakdown before the building of the university she wanted in the next year . 
  of the last time i played deaf when i was accosted by a man . 
  so he 's going to have another robert baratheon style banquet with his wife this weekend ? 
  few years ago when people started rioting , it was on french news and everything ... 
  i 've seen this movie as a kid , i only remember the bowling , the `` invisible man '' and the mentor being dubbed by the same french voice actor than alan rickman in harry potter . 
  good times . 
  that 's why load bearing walls are thicker lines in the plans . 
  you got ta keep those . 
  because they want americans to watch it on tv . 
  i have the same problems whenever i have foreign friends over and want to show them kaamelott . 
  ( m6 is just a bag of dicks , but at least astier took back his rights on his arthurian legends parody ) . 
   stop it dad . 
  double flame totem witch, 
  so the hierophant with arc i 'm theorycrafting is still relevant or am i forbidden to play it in march because of you ? 
  bitch , please , i have n't taken care of those in months . 
  i simply got a `` you 're prickly '' and then we had sex and hair did n't do anything to squick us . 
  i love arc eb mom , so i 'd like to test it with a hierophant , but the blade vortex i failed last league haunts me so i 'm undecided ... 
  so , a while ago i had changes of heart , usually i 'd fall into depression and think about leaving because i 'm not worthy etc. . . 
  turns out he realised it everytime and his reaction is what reminded me of our love . 
  we consider ourselves married for a long time but the official contract is not marriage and we officially got engaged a few days ago . 
  now i 'm starting to see the end of the tunnel both in my personal life and in terms of mental state and i 'm happy i stuck around because he 's always got my back and i do n't think i 'll ever find someone like him anywhere else or that i 'd even be alive without him . 
  this man literally saves my life everyday . 
  my boss and his wife are like you , minus the religious side but actually work and twins got in the way . 
  today they 're making it work because they respect each other , they like the association the started ( promoting the internet as a tool to empower the poor and the homeless etc. . . ) and of course they love their children . 
  they think about breaking up in extreme cases ( falling in live with someone , the kids get older and understand etc ) but right now it was my understanding that they even had sex from time to time , like a friends with benefits agreements but between spouses . 
  it 's crazy but it 's great . 
  or on the top if the head or the temple . 
   i 'm pretty sure that i selected the correct dialogue option, 
  what i always think after an interview . 
  i know , i just ca n't seem to get out of my mana problems without eb . 
  when eb changed , i still rocked it to t8 maps before health became a problem , but i was mlaying with that ring which changes part of lightning damage into cold and nobody could ( dum dum dum dum ) touch this , not sure i can get it this league ... 
  whenever i spent the summer in finland , i 'd try to get a return on investment by asking some of my friends to give me their empty beer cans . 
  you get a few cents for returning those to a recycler and they party all year while i 'm only there for a couple of weeks so they happily give them to me and we just keep drinking outside of the festival and have fun , something that is very common , especially in music festivals and festivals who do n't allow alcohol within the premises . 
  so it 's no surprise people sort of make a living off it and those people ask me nicely to surrender my bag of cans and i say no thank you but i need it too . 
  they understand ( or do n't want my group of friends to come to my aid if they start a fight ) . 
  however , the other big fishers are fair game , especially when it comes to finns vs migrants , something that 'll prolly get worse next summer and is the reason why i do n't exactly regret having no money for the trip this year . 
  the finn dude called the festival security on the migrant woman and insulted her heavily in finnish while she pretty much did the same in her own tongue . 
  the dude even said can collection should be reserved to finns and foreigners had no business leeching ( omfg you 're collecting empty beer cans if she leeches what does that fucking make you ?!, 
  ) , and when i heard that i hid my own bag because i do n't exactly have the local looks either ... 
  this was pretty pathetic to see really , especially when he started to shout `` finland to the finns !! '' . 
  that was my third tuska festival and i was happy the next year when i could afford a ticket and avoid such drama ... 
  i 'm truly not in a hurry to go back , france is already shitty as it is with the migration flux but i 'm scared about finland during festival time just because of that anecdote . 
  i do n't want to see little far right leechers gang fight migrants over empty beers omfg grow up ffs !!!, 
  blessed !, 
  blessed !, 
  secretly , your mom was scared to death . 
  your mom ai n't mad max . 
  tell my husband the amount of sweets i 've eaten all day . 
  which was n't the best decision either ... 
  all that sexual content that made teenager me 's eyes bug out and seek more adult readings is going to be disappointed if there are n't any sex demons on screen . 
  my big boobs get notice whenever i have a bad bra day ( mostly bra 's end of life ... ) so i just unclasp them , other wise they fall all the way down to my belly button and everyone knows because big boobs draw the eye , ykno ... 
  do you know why they did that ? 
  because apple has monies . 
  lotsa monies and a lobbying team . 
  that 's what i did whenever i got caught by a fundraiser for an association in the streets but i do n't look like a teenager anymore ... =(,
