  i moan because vibration feels good on me so why not on dicks . 
  also psychologically , i figured out that a moan could make him feel like i suck dick better when i really suck at it ( ha ) . 
  it works . 
  depends on the woman and her mood/tastes . 
  i like me some cervix pounding burst once in a while, 
  i have had the same experiences with people asking me specifically to smother them with my boobs . 
  because giganormous breasts in white chicks is n't hot enough idk ... 
  wait what sperm is acid and can ruin your stomach or wait what my mom gave her kids sex ed ? 
  it 's less embarassing than you think when you 're used to it though i ca n't speak for my brother since our dad wanted nothing to do with the birds and the bees thing . 
  get a job , pay my school so they give me my diploma and not a commandment to pay in june when everyone gets to the graduation ceremony , make sure this extra room in the new house does n't stay a library/general mess for too long by keeping this job until the end of the trial period which is notoriously difficult in my line of work in mh country . 
  i 'm losing my confidence quite a bit cuz i 've been looking for six months and my husband is counting on that to give me permission to drop the pill because of the loan for the house . 
  i also have a student loan myself , starting to pay back in august , so i definitely need that goddamn job no matter what , or at least several new clients that seem to always be drawn to my cheap freelancing prices but always seem to think it should be even cheaper because i just `` post lolcats on the web to the odd angry customer '' . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  but at first i wanted to say '' lose weight '' and even though i 'm indeed overweight , it feelt like the least of my worries rn . 
  ( 170 cm 90kg a third of which might just be my boobs ), 
  bodyblocking is the reason why i switched from symvanas onmy to etc , johanna , diablo and other tanks . 
  i 'm having a blast . 
  ca n't play anub ` arak to save my life though ... 
  yeah but he dives in and he 's a pain in melee so i sort of go all cocoon of death and `` you shall not pass b * tch !, 
  in my dad 's country there 's such a big deal about second names and we have to recount the history of the parent you 're thus named after . 
  except my mom and my dad were not married and my grand parent shunned them for a while until they lost a baby girl to a sudden death and they reconciled . 
  so for some reason , my brother nemo is suddenly called timoth\u00e9e by my grandad and i 'm his half because my first name looks like my grandma 's . 
  one day i was a teen at a family gathering with fellow jehovah witnesses my grandma wants to impress with `` traditions from her country '' ( which are truly from the colonists ... ) she explains at length why my younher siblings are called timoth\u00e9e and nana ( except that my brother 's second name as i said earlier is nemo , my mom 's choice ... ) which are names of our great great uncle and aunts on my grandad 's side . 
  and then i get asked what my second name is and i sort of whisper it because i never liked it since it sounds like `` koala '' and my surname like french for coconut so imagine the playground nightmare when i was a kid !, 
  and my grandma pales . 
  she becomes whiter than the freakin queen of england and says something like oh it 's not important . 
  i learned later that it 's the name of my dad 's first girlfriend who birthed her son that his parents would n't recognise as his since camerooneese law require that the parents do it in the stead of a minor father and he was n't 21 at the time . 
  so they packed him to france to study medicine against his will ( he failed , like , hard ) and he never saw her or his son again . 
  the boy is 11 years older than me , that 's the only thing i know . 
  ( that would make him 36 i think ... ), 
  edit : i 'm stupid and i ca n't count , he 's 36 , not 46 . 
  when my dad was 18 , he liked a girl . 
  he had a son with her . 
  their parents were pissed . 
  majority is at 21 years old in his country . 
  they separated the couple because they are parents and the kids are minors . 
  my dad made his own life in a country where he has less oversight . 
  he gave his daughter ( me ) his old sweetheart 's name as a second name . 
  also definitely not an asshole , i 'm always this confusing . 
  spiky . 
  it 's funny how systems designed to promote reason and critical thinking in every citizen once applied to society end up being raised on the pedestal of divinity , even as they hush down the importance of god or deny it . 
  i feel like my country did that and we 're not a dictatorship ( yet ? 
  i lived with an old woman when i was in high school and she had many dogs . 
  i did n't know it was truly possible for a dog to eat your homework , but the draft from the french door blew my english elective paper from the table to the dog 's empty plate , excep it was early morning and it was almost breakfast time . 
  the thing was so freaking slobbery i trashed it but i was also too scared because i had a reputation for never doing my papers no matter the class and i did n't want to disappoint this teacher because i admired her so much and she understood me and gave me extra stuff to do when i was bored , well a big deal for me , so i told her anyway . 
  i 'm certain she still has a good laugh about it every now and then because my mom and my caretaker sure did laugh hard with her at the quarterly parents-teacher gathering . 
  judging by the lip twitch some teachers gave me in the corridors after that , so did the whole school . 
  or maybe i was a paranoid 15 years old idk ... 
  i check social media at night and during occasions during which i 'm kot supposed to be on my phone or i do n't even have a client at the time ... 
  there was a huge ad campaign a few years ago in my country to help doctors . 
  it was on tv and it was a mom who was back from the doctor and telling her husband their kid had a simple bronchitis . 
  the dad asks if the doctor gave them antibiotics and she says no like this is such a stupid idea and the dad doesnt let go . 
  it ends in '' [ bunch of common illnesses such as bronchitis ] : antibiotics are n't automatic '' and since then when a french person gets prescribed antibiotics we freak out and think we 're dying . 
  but on the plus side i think we might be on the right track to slow down that train thanks to this old ad . 
  i 'm a pedestrian who spent quite a lot of time in paris with headphones blasting . 
  please use your fucking signals so i know where the fuck you 're going . 
  i concur , there is floss at some supermarkets in the dental hygiene department and in pharmacies , but we do n't floss in france ubless you want to be considered a hygiene maniac . 
  it 's basically seen as unnecessary . 
  however , dentist visits are a yearly thing because it has a good refund rate under the welfare state for basic procedures such as removing the plaque and treating cavities . 
  however , i think it 's all lazyness on our part because my gums never looked better since my husband and i switched to `` floss like '' toothbrushes with extra long hairs made of floss on the edges . 
  it seriously destroys my plaque even if i still bleed , my my dentist rold me my gums are just too fragile because i would n't brush during my teenage years and the damage will take decades to repair . 
  so the name is `` interespaces '' in french ... we bought them at a simple leclerc so it could be in any supermarket anyway ... 
  and this is the one that took our interdental virginity :, 
  for the story , my husband and i did n't take the time to go to the dentist for a little while so the dentist prescribed us post surgery mouth wash and a sanogyl post surgery extra soft toothbrush since we had to do the plaque removal in two sessions . 
  we then went back and picked this one which looked like we could use . 
  since then , we do n't stop the brushing anymore . 
  even if the aquafresh one hurts like a mofo and makes me bleed harder . 
  ( i know i am seeing the dentist again next month ), 
  and i wonder if the creampie blobbed away from her vagina like the bubbles of water and food in the nasa videos . 
  hi , i studied finnish a long time ago and one of my teachers had us translate complicated carelian tales to make the translation class mean something : she meant to publish the results under all our names ( sadly i went into depression around that time so i could n't participate ) . 
  would you like me to give her your business contact ? 
  as i said , she likes to give meaning to her class and a project to translate for a proper magazine could be interesting for the students and even enlighten them about computer science . 
  however , we 're not english so it 's a bit outside your original plan , but if there are other teachers like her in english speaking countries , i 'd say , take the chance to contact them for help . 
  imma buy myself a reseller package and start a french version skrolli , brb . 
  after playing dai i understood why varric was unromanceable at the time . 
  now they do n't have anymore excuses after what bianca did . 
  sorry for the french , but this joke based on an old ad is too good to pass up : rendez nous le nain !, 
  people who said harding , you do n't have scenes with her but if you flirt enough you get more flirt dialogues when she 's by herald 's rest . 
  basically you reached an agreement and she calls you pet names . 
  did n't olay trespasser but i 'd be disappointed if she did n't even have a slide in the endibgs ' powerpoint like `` yes the inquisitor is still dating lace and they 're ridiculously happy '' ... 
  `` splitting tevinter mages in half '' sounds way more arousing than it should ... 
   flay every loyal altus to death, 
  ftfy, 
  thank you very much for considering it . 
  hope your project takes off internationally . 
  i can read your simplification articles quite well they 're neat !, 
  i 'm broke but i watched a few streams/vids . 
  i just wanted to point out that while not all altus ( alti ? ), 
  are magisters , all magisters are altus . 
  since altus are families of very good standing owning slaves , we can assume that a lot of altus will be executed and stuff indisciminately during a rebellion . 
  source : french revolution , specifially la terreur . 
  this is the reason why my finnish friends never got that bottle of absinth i promised ... 
  question for people working on checking people in : what can i tell you to get to that single seat near the emergency exit again ? 
  last time i was simply the first single traveler and she simply asked me if i had a good english level and she was convinced when i simply told her i was going to finland for a reason , but i 'd like to be guaranteed that spot again , even if i check in five hours before it flies ... because i will anyway ... 
  i think he knew all along . 
  it 's heavily implied that they were about to secretly tie the knot and bianca chose her career and funding by standing him up at the altar , even though she spent her official wedding day away , again i feel like we need a dragon age novel or a comic with varric explaining that they were unravelling a plot where a crazy dwarf was about to rule the carta and assassinate the whole mer hant guild instead of maintaining business relations ( soon in a fanfiction near you ) . 
  so imo , varric is too hung up on bianca until what she does kn inquisition . 
  wo n't say a thing cuz i do n't remember how to format for spoilers , but after that i imagine varric finally turning that page of his life . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll definitely do that .
