  take the hound for example . 
  in french , he was translated by le limier . 
  now , le limier is a perfectly legitimate translation . 
  it translates the search hound part of the name properly . 
  however , to translate the savage side of the hound we could have gone with le m\u00e2tin , which is not a common word in french as it is n't used anymore . 
  and to translate the loyalty , they could have gone with simply `` le chien '' or even le `` toutou '' which are basically `` dog '' and `` doggy '' . 
  but the latter implies total submission to the point were the hound would have been left toothless and the former lacks the image , unless you bring it youself with the idiom `` avoir du chien '' which means `` have character '' . 
  because honestly , a dog is a dog and calling it a dog is pretty lame in an epic fantasy setting or just in war ... 
  some names could go ahead without translation , but names have power . 
  especially in books when names evocate a special feeling or a special history of the place . 
  a lot of people who do n't speak english know the word king , but would they know the word '' landing '' ? 
  not so sure . 
  here , have a port-r\u00e9al and you 've got the port and the king , even though the landing disappears because including it would require the reader to know extensive toponymy ( ? ), 
  to piece the meaning together ( like my hometown 's name has a meaning no one always knows montereau fault yonne , where the yonne river falls . 
  into the seine river , but that 's not in the name , right ? ), 
  so tl ; dr this is pretty much a `` malfoy '' situation here : you 've got to know what each character stands for and writers often use this trick to do it , so we absolutely have to translate it for some crowds . 
  * le limier, 
  ok generally it was tertiary characters or because of the brienne pun above . 
  in french it 's vivesaigues which is the coolest name and really mindful of toponymic ( ? ), 
  traditions . 
  vive is vivacious and aigues is quite old but running water , usually torrents and waterfalls come to mind . 
  when i chanced upon the name in a fanfic , i thought of winterfell in a snowball . 
  pretty and cool . 
  did n't help this was a sansa pov fic so idealisation of her old winterfell home it was =d, 
  i think they did n't know if the series would meet success at the time and did n't want to pay for a translator for too long . 
  then they kept at it for monies . 
  neither do we think of our city like the place where the yonne falls , we always refer to the seine because it 's better known . 
  but i always thought it sad when reading spanish fanfics that there is no difference when we speak about the hound with fear or with contempt , something we have in the original and thanks to the not so bad french translator , we have too . 
  well , i think i misspelled it , it must be petitjon because i just landed on grandjon 's page . 
  this is the best literal translation to french i 've seen in ages , though . 
  especially when you 're sleeping on guard duty . 
  you can still wake up and warn the others !, 
  oh right . 
  then it 's still useful when guard duty 's a rotation and you have one in the middle of the night . 
  same , i did n't play between the very first league and bloodlines and i was like what the frigging fuck what 's this ? 
  it looks like someone unleashed the fury of thor but i 'm on the ledge !, 
  farming for the labyrinth after killing dominus helped me win my first deathless malachai on a character even on merciless . 
  my mates congratulated me and promptly reminded me on my `` dying on hillock days '' . 
  fun times . 
  i one of those people who are `` bad '' at games . 
  basically , it means i die . 
  especially when i go out of my poe comfort zone and start going melee ( my funniest experiences in both arpgs and mmos were on melee characters ) . 
  my record is something like 325 but that 's when i stopped counting . 
  it does n't in lol , but it does in most pvp games i know . 
  they tell me why i died and what can i do to change that . 
  in lol they just mean `` more mr , more armor '' or `` was badly placed , nvm mb '', 
  it 's funny , when they first revealed the unique belt , i puked in my mouth a little . 
  reading their explanation made me do it again . 
  the concept is genius , it 's just ... 
  brrrrr . 
  this game 's lore is creepy . 
  in a genius and creepy kind of way . 
  it 's funny you chose the duelist to make the ugliest character in the game . 
  perfect arse is perfect no matter what he wears . 
  as a speaker of english as a second language , some of those i write with an `` s '' when the word is spelled with an `` s '' in my language and a c when the word in my language is too different . 
  same with s/z ( recognise/ze ), 
  my mom has awesome snipe hunt stories from when she was a saleswoman in a bakery . 
  never been in one in a game ghough . 
  did n't even get into the fishing thing . 
  played too much torchlight . 
  is n't it like that on anyone ? 
  i mean , even my templar is dwarfed . 
  never play maraudeur , though , so i never tried ... 
  so basically , this student is playing dragon age inquisition in real life ? 
  rip innervating locket, 
  it makes me respect them even more . 
  even though i must admit i was freaked out when i first entered the lunaris temple and when i first saw the avian retches . 
  this is the reason i named my second bv character `` venusdegilette '' . 
  my hubby and i have gotten together so our worships could find complementarity . 
  i worship dried meats and charcuterie . 
  he worships cheeses . 
  we do appreciate foreign recipes , especially italian meats and i love cheddar myself but we truly sometimes go into very deep discussions about this and tgat flavour of charcut ' or cheese . 
  we are n't that good with wines , though , we usually ask our parents and do n't even buy it for the everyday meals . 
  proof that french are not born somelliers . 
  is n't it supposed to be the swiss ? 
  in france when we think of germans , punctuality is n't the first thing that comes to mind , but rather the beer and the cuisine . 
  the craziest thing we did was probably when i was a kid and my mom took our idea of having a dinner which courses were all dessert foods seriously . 
  she made us do a shopping list , we had to help cook/cook in my case cuz i 'm the elder and i was twelve so i had access to grownup tools like the electric blender thingy for the cr\u00eape and the brownie dough and i learned to use our oven that day . 
  i think the worst of it was that none of us kids made a fuss or whine or had to yell to get it . 
  tl ; dr when i was 12 i wondered how rad a `` diner-go\u00fbter '' would be and peacefully discussed it with my little siblings . 
  my mother delivered in an educational manner about how to do your groceries and cook/behave in a kitchen . 
  at least you did n't set the whole business on fire . 
  in french we both say `` anim '' and `` anime '' for the japanese pronunciation and i 've heard people with different mother tongues do the same except for tongues which never has silent voyels ( finnish speakers say anime , i heard english and dutch say both ... ), 
  my comp is a 2009 custom rig . 
  i improved my fps a bit by changing the old ati 4870 to a r7 260 oc . 
  i still rin the original 2.67 i7920 i plan on oc ` ing soon . 
  in perandus pack , i drop to two fps max . 
  i changed my hd to a ssd . 
  nothing changed but loading times , esp laby . 
  my husband changed his computer two years ago with current gear including a 3 + ghz cpu and a r9 290 from ati . 
  when he meets perandus mobs , he drops to five fps max . 
  also , i sometimes play on a laptop continuously running the game on 30fps . 
  the game is unplayable if i have a showy build or if there is fire/shock ground on a map . 
  the only difference between then and now is the orb of storm . 
  i often use arc w / spell totem storm call , now i use oos instead . 
  i only gained a few fps . 
  op should be happy . 
  to me it was the oteger way around . 
  `` you better find me a son in law ! '', 
  `` when will you two move in together , hurry up already ! '',
