  so thank you madam s. for sharing your family 's experiences with your students and scheduling a school trip to the shoah memorial in paris and showing us legit old rationing tickets and nacht und nebel the move . 
  never sugar coating anything or leaving out the bad stuff , from collaboration to german bitch hunts , and being overall the best history teacher i ever had . 
  oh man , tech companies are gon na be so pissed . 
  the uk government is going to have a hard time finding good encryption tools for their own services because they 're probably get the fuck outta here ... 
  and here i thought us french were the worst with our projet de loi renseignement ... 
  wait , it 's actually on par with that shit . 
  yeah no wonder cameron and valls get along ... 
  do you manage to have protected sex or is n't there any condom on sale that would fit you ? 
  well , i dream of bioware games a lot . 
  no , solas , you are not invited . 
  when i use it 's so we change positions to have one of those penetration angles ... 
  damn i love that position . 
  you can hit the sweet spot doggy style too if your lady arches her back . 
  if she 's ok with it , hair pulling can be a nice addition ... 
  after we come , my husband 's sometimes still hard and he does it in my ( sore ) vag . 
  this is the worst torture as even then he still needs a ten minutes pause while i 'm still horny af and pauses usually turn me off . 
  scouting the premises ? 
  i wish they were more advanced than us and left earth after one great musical show . 
  while i completely agree with you and know the seriousness of the subject , i was making a reference to popular culture . 
  hmmm ... part of my family are jws and we played pretend all the time : doctor , mommy and daddy , kingdom hall meetings ( i always sat out of this one but my aunt and uncle were happy their kids did that ... ) , plane pilots ( never military planes but still ! ) . 
  never underestimate the imagination of kids whereever they grow up , even in their limited means , they have role models and will play pretend !, 
  based on my experience i 'm glad these videos are out there and my uncle got excommunicated from the jws for a time . 
  they 're not the best but my cousins would have suffered less if this existed in the 90s and 2000s . 
  my grandma told me pokemon were evil for jws because `` monsters do n't exist '' . 
  i never could play my gameboy at her house . 
  also there 's a hilarious french christian fundamentalist video on yt about pokemon . 
  a must watch if you know french . 
  `` i knew you would come , sister . '', 
  wrath said . 
  compassion said nothing and merely let her wings carry her above , way above her prot\u00e9g\u00e9 , salma . 
  compassion still remembered the girl she had found years ago . 
  now , she was a warrior . 
  what has she done , she thought as the women fought . 
  she was going to die . 
  she had told her everything she knew about wrath , about the fires that burned her heart to cinders until it looked for even more fuel and turned to the land . 
  land that she sowed with salt to reap blood and murder . 
  compassion , the little shred of a fairy had awoken in such field and found salma . 
  she told the little girl who had orphaned her . 
  and now wrath the immortal , the heart of hell , was about to burn salma at last , because compassion told her how to quell her fires . 
  salma struck and wrath was dumbstruck . 
  `` i know you are angry . '', 
  salma said , her voice soothing and calm . 
  `` i know you are hurting ... '', 
  the fires flickered for a second and compassion 's heart fluttered . 
  she felt like flying down , attracted to the mortal enemy . 
  she closed her eyes , ready to be the water that would quench the flame . 
  `` you know nothing , child ! '', 
  wrath suddenly yelled , in a panic . 
  `` i will leave you a charred skeleton !, 
  like your pathetic village ! '', 
  salma 's eyes hardened and her arm caught fire as the dueling women fought . 
  compassion knew then that she was going to die , but not in a good way . 
  `` i hope salma will be alright ... '', 
  a few years later , wrath , the immortal , the heart of hell burned another village and let another little girl live out of a feeling that was so painful that she could only flee it , leaving a tiny fairy , a shred of her dying heart beside the child . 
  the fairy awoke in a pool of dried tears and was moved when she saw the lonely child . 
  `` come here , i will help you . 
  my name is compassion . '', 
  hope this shit is n't too bad or too incomprehensible ... or outside of the subject ... 
  that 's exavtly the reason why i never root my device after a full year has passed . 
  also , custom roms always fit better when they had a little time to squat some bugs . 
  ( i 'm a nexus fan turned opo recently ), 
  origin does n't let me use my cloud save in the cloud . 
  since hubby does n't want to backup his saves elsewhere cuz he 's to lazy to try and find where they are , i ca n't play bioware games on his high end computer . 
  when it comes to dao and me2 it 's ok , at least i got my mods ... 
  but i 'm too scared of modding dai in case it says `` lol nope '' like when i tried to play with secondary screen on and at launch , when i tried to play with programs runing in the background ( this issue was solved a few weeks after though ... got ta love bioware by thinking about us dx9 gpus ... ), 
  you , sir , have never met a french person . 
  especially white and arab french . 
  in frznch we say black people are lazy to hide that the majority of white and the arab minority are really pretending to work rather than do it . 
  source : am french of both cameroonese and algerian descent working in an office full of white people . 
  thank you . 
  i needed to cry to that line . 
  again . 
  if only they could have done the same at octoberfest . 
  hubby stole a 1l glass . 
  it 's still gathering dust in the cupboard ... 
  guys , anyone here manage to actually say my full name and i 'm buying pizza . 
  i expected a sound recording of my rl name , but i guess reddit is full of good people . 
  that is not my full name . 
  i do n't kbow why people do n't find the discoloring of their urine funny and seek to eat beets and get medicated more often . 
  we did that when i was a kid . 
  i actually never freaked out and just asked my mom why and she explained it was the beets . 
  my love for beets has spanned 20 years now and i never get tired of it . 
  if it did not hurt like hell , i would even get nephritis in my kidney again for the funny af color my waste had turned !, 
  i think they have it wring there . 
  i do n't know how are slaughterhouses in denmark , but i think a tougher legislation about them all regardless of religion would have worked better . 
  the only thing they get now is muslim and jews buying meat that was not raised anf slaughtered and dk and that 's going to be an economical and public health hazard in my uneducated opinion . 
  this almost killed my mum . 
  her heart did n't hurt , but she knew something was wrong and she called everyone but medical emergencies to ask us ( which means teenagers , college students , delivery guys and a project manager ... ) if she was having a heart attack . 
  that includes my father and stepmother whith whom she does n't even get along . 
  stepmum and mum often laugh about it now because stepmum yelled at her `` why are you calling us ? 
  go to the hospital already , do n't dawdle , you lazy woman !, 
  my understanding was that autism in general was badly diagnosed in females . 
  when a friend went to the doctor to get approval for mastectomy they took a long time to examine them and realised they were autistic ( they were already in their early twenties then ... ) when their parents already had their kid examined for this as a child and been told `` nay , mentally healthy little baby girl ( sic ) '' . 
  i remember having problems after a few months without lol and goibg straight back to adc . 
  the creeps power has slightly changed , my old main 's lvl 1 damage too and i missed every single last hit in every game . 
  so i focused on it in the game . 
  totally ignoring the minimap . 
  totally ignoring enemy duo . 
  getting wrecked . 
  getting spat on my my team for feeding .
