  i find it dumb myself because many christian and jewish communities had and have their women cover their heads in many situation including daily lives but still , what about now-now communautaristic , sometimes in a very good way , do n't get me wrong , america ? 
  how many more germs do you get from duct tape compared to cryotherapy ? 
  just to compare , i 'm having crisis because of that wart on the inside of my side , basically in the groin , ykno ... . 
  my fil 's second wife was such a bitch during their divorce procedure that she forbade my husband 's half brother from seeing his father and his bro by locking her and her son in her room . 
  she lured him in by telling him to look for his new video game in her room . 
  we were coming for his fourtenth birthday . 
  even now a year after the dovzorce she thinks my husband is his father 's minion ready to steal her son away from her , her son is in a depression that is kind of induced by the fact that she lets him out only to go to high school and we only saw him at christmas because their father called and we called him and he was sort of happy to show up at our door while she slept late this christmas morning to drive three hours to visit him . 
  he spent dinner hunched over texts on his phone and i think it might not be from school friends , he doesb ' t seem to have many ... 
  thank heavens , he turns eighteen i. may and graduates high school in june ( or july if he fails something important ) . 
  based on the few ambitions he lets rrickle out , he wants to do as my husband and go to this fancy computer engineering school and he 's a lazy ass so he 'll want a room closer to paris ... 
  if the mom has n't ate all the money she got from the divorce ( which i honestly think she has , but then i know my fil will stop sending the alimony to her when the kid is of age ... ), 
  judging by the game dragon is playing , i know why they wanted a dragon ... introduce them to some choice dragon killing galore when they 're older , please . 
  i met someone from my hometown at work , ykno the kind , you went to high school together but he ran woth the jocks while you were a nerd and you never ever spoke to each other . 
  for some reason he recognized me when we ended up interns at the same company in the same department and started working together . 
  my mom is a former muslim now turned atheist and i consider myself an atheist too , but i was taught many things about islam so i would respect my family and friends whenever wherever ( so during ramadan , i usually eat very light soups and salads when among muslim folks ) . 
  my buddy , let 's call him y. , at the beginning of ramadan tells me how much he just wants to drink coffee and it 's the only thing he misses during ramadan . 
  months earlier he told me he did n't really pray five times a day while he still maintained a pork free diet . 
  to me it makes no sense as i was always told that the five pillars of islam were : profession of faith , prayer , charity , fasting and the pilgrimage . 
  in the end , not eating pork is probably the least offense to god you can do and everyone is making it such a big deal , like you 're going to die on the spot and go to hell over a rule that 's supposed to help a bunch of guys who are living without a fridge in the desert . 
  while prayer and profession of faith are like the two first lines of the list of must fucking do or sheitan 's got you . 
  and he had n't even done his prayers in the morning either , knowing the fast was going to tire the heck out of him even if he was up at the good hour for once since it 's summer . 
  `` you 're not a good muslim ? '', 
  i tentatively said to him that day because seriously what right do i have to judge if someone is a good or a bad muslim ? 
  y. sort of shrugged , admitted i was right and told me he just did n't care as long as his parents were n't told . 
  at midday , i made my instant soup in my cup and he poured himself some coffee since we were the only ones in the video game room that day . 
  also mortal kombat was all the rage and we did n't think playing that was compatible with a month dedicated to purification and reflexion on your faith . 
  so coffee and half a smoke it was . 
  everybody was a bit shocked cuz i do n't smoke and i hate coffee but even the other muslims figured it was his business . 
  from then on i know he drank a coffee a day during each ramadan . 
  i hope he did paid it back up in winter ... 
  well , my husband does n't want to come back , so wildstar became our family game , his half brother is lvl 20 now . 
  i hope our potential future kids will play gw2 with me and not turn to the dark side . 
  it did n't do shit for my pain or my acne as it was promised , but i got even bigger boobs and the pill saved my anemic sister 's life so i 'd definitely recommend it as early as 15 y/o ( my sister had to take it at 12 and to be sure she would ` nt misunderstand stuff about sex and things , we did n't tell her about the contraceptive part until she was 15 so it stayed a simple drug for her blood flow in her mind ), 
  please tell me someone watched my old youtube videos of me singing about video games and makes me sign a record deal and sing a duet with adele dazeem !, 
  ( because fuck if they 're going to get my name right ... ), 
  it 's funny how in my language , a bath robe is the one you wear when you 're out of the bath/shower and the `` bedroom gown '' ( lit . 
  translation ) the one you wear cuz it 's comfy at home and that 's why i was n't wrong when i read `` dressing gown '' in the first place . 
  not if i was the one monopolizing the family computer for `` research purposes '' ( i.e. 
  harry potter smutty fanfic ), 
  this was the second part of the 2000 's in a poor suburban african-french family , not everyone had the internet in our neighbourhood , we had just started to realise we 'd had to give up on the minitel . 
  there was a mourning period and everything . 
  ssok i did n't even give that info, 
  shame !, 
  galio : ding ding ding !, 
  losing things . 
  i lise shit all the time and they end up in stupid places like where it was supposed to be in the first place !, 
  and for a reason no one can explain , whenever i ca n't find something i immediately think it 's lost and i 'm a wreck and i 'm snappy to my husband and loved one and geberally i become a terrible person , i sometimes also cry . 
  happened this morning while looking for my pill box i 'm supposed to carry around as we visit family for the holidays so it had moved from my desk to my bag to my coat to my laundry bag . 
  also it 's a new house and we keep misplacing stuff so it 's stressful . 
  also contraceptive pills are not fun to misplace in any case . 
  yes . 
  sometimes i like it when it 's tickling my anus just right but it has to be just so because i 'm not fond of anal . 
  mine was like that . 
  we practiced so i started having longer ones because it apparently feels better for him if he 's in while i orgasm . 
  which means more action for you , clitoris which is always great . 
  you 're totally normal and was i not married i would forever go on dates in which we 'd have fun and get to know each other in a womanly fashion . 
  my husband and i met as virgins ( i had gone second base a few times but he was a damn cinnamon bun ... ), 
  he once blew an opportunity in high school with a girl who 's now his bff and resigned himself to be the poor lonesome virgin until he met me . 
  he was quite happy about staying a virgin because he did n't really care about it . 
  he simply wanted to finish tech school and have a job , did n't even had any plans beyond that . 
  i just happened and jumped him because i was like `` omfg i ca n't be 17 and a virgin ! '', 
  and he was the cutest and the sanest and also he allowed himself to be receptive once he noticed my very subtle approach ykno ... 
  tldr so some ppl are comfortable being virgins at 22 thinking it will probably come or they do n't need it or simply being mistrustful of women and relationship because of stories of family feuds or divorces . 
  some are like me like `` omfg shake it off baby '' and jump the first cute guy she 's ok to 3rd base with . 
  source : 115g, 
  hot heavily sugared coffee with milk at home . 
  all over the laptop . 
  during a game session . 
  try to heal your group in the dungeon with only one key . 
  my mom is sort of the same . 
  i 'm her overall favourite cuz i 'm the elder and i was wanted , the others are here because female health people neglected to notice the pill does n't work on chicks with naturally high blood pressure . 
  my sister inherited my mom 's sense of humour and they often hang out . 
  my mom and lil bro often do n't see eye to eye but sometimes i see them close to each other and they speak quietly or snicker so i think they share something . 
  my husband hates when i speaks english because my voice is naturally high pitched and i speak even higher in english . 
  i 'm french . 
  metric system indeed . 
  i 'm a royal . 
  please tell the guys who downvoted to watch pulp fiction . 
  it was aion . 
  the pirate boat in the sky and i was a cleric . 
  thanks . 
  i play wildstar now . 
  huge-boobed women who play other video games all over the world go back into hiding . 
  i 'm of african descent . 
  we breed fat ass . 
  hey it was 2010 , i was young !, 
  i 'm into one particular french pen and paper rpg and that 's all ... 
  camerooneese and algerian and people constantly ask me if my family is back `` home '' in guadeloupe . 
  european bra size . 
  115 is the circumference of my chest below the boobs and g is the cup of my smallest boob . 
  semen is delicious and will never give you stomach aches and oesophagus scorching acidic reflux . 
  i thank my mother dearly for debunking this myth early since we have a history of stomach diseases . 
  there is this porn movie that was dubbed in french and it sort of became internet famous bescause of excessive dirty talking in the old 60/70 's parisian accent ( the same you hear in the movie hotel du nord ), 
  the french name is ma\u00eetresse tr\u00e8s particuli\u00e8re , the year is 1979 . 
  it 's considered both the best and the worst dialogue of all time because it 's porn but in the manner of old french cinema ... 
  the second is the sequel of the other with just the sound . 
  the language in both videos are nsfw but the images are sfw . 
  so much penis . 
  it 's also very good in several positions depending on what your lady prefers . 
  source : my vagina,
