  my economics teacjer was n't happy though ... ( it was back when the harry potter books were in every store in their english versions before the french translation was ready ... ), 
  if you do n't keep track of who votes or not and in which area , how do any of you make sure no one votes twice ? 
  i 'm french and when i registered ( six years late ) to vote they asked me to carefully check if i was n't automatically registered in the town i had my military census made . 
  because there are extremely heavy fines and jail terms for people who are registered in two places : because it would allow them to vote twice . 
  basic census with name date of birth and voting booth is what we have to make sure all goes well . 
  though i 'm pretty sure non voters are as numerous at my place and in yours ... 
  actually the article mentions school sanctions for the other time it happened such as video chats and screen sharing . 
  however they deemed this offense grave enough to involve the authorities . 
  either green truly broke the camel 's back on that one or the teacher is a closeted gay and was startled to see two men kissing on his desktop . 
  why do all european right wingers put on a show for extreme right voters these days ? 
  i ca n't seriously think of anything french that is n't already in the bible . 
  but everybpdy know the beast of gevaudan thing ( thank you teen wolf ) . 
  and everybody knows the dame blanche ( white lady ? ), 
  which is pretty much the corpse bride of the latin americans : girl dies before her wedding day , appears before people looking for her murderer . 
  poor chap dies of fright or has a terrible accident within days depends ... 
  she 's still blamed for car crashes in the fog of country side roads ... 
  scatter them seeds on bread before cooking it . 
  i 'm an assistant on twitter for the referees on a video games tournament website and believe me : having a whold team of twelve to twenty four years old assault you because they do n't agree with the referee 's decision like it 's cod champs or lol worlds is exhausting . 
  also , my mom must suck a lot of dick and the referees ' anuses must be bleeding now ... because on twitter , insulting someone is so much easier ... 
  misses the \u00e4 in the finnish sentence but otherwise this is an accurate translation, 
  so can you see thestrals now ? 
  both are good . 
  sadly , i think they 'd rather you play mp and spend platinum on chests =(, 
  but this is a great idea !, 
  i 'd love it , reminds me of saints row challenges . 
  88 hours for me without hissing wastes and only two dragons killed . 
  my completionist is now at 60h with one dragon and just finished the weawh and hlta quests . 
  i 'm sorry hinterlands . 
  you were raked . 
  also husband finished it all in about 110h if play . 
  we still have n't played the dlc, 
  she does n't hate the hound , she just relates and regrets being a prick and not killing him . 
  my husband just spent an hour brushing my hair just because i had left it dry naturally and did n't put it in my usual bun . 
  he said he bottled it up all day but we went to bed and he said `` go get your brush '' . 
  after that he rubbed my clit and boob til i had an orgasm and he fell asleep before we could even mention actual coitus . 
  i ca n't bring myself to get the brush back ... 
  i 'm just crying because this was so intimate and beautiful ... 
  i still ca n't believe it happened . 
  and if you were a european calling ss on your na smurf you were called a nazi who did n't know to call mia . 
  it 's miss or stay safe . 
  before smart ping back when for example ezreal was just released and had healing spells you had to call mia in chat and on the eu server ( back then , the sole of its kind ... ) this was the most common way to do it . 
  i feel for you man . 
  that 's why i moved to hots because i suck at dota and at least hots is new enough to warrant less features ... 
  except it has freaking replay !!, 
  awesome seinfield gif , so freaking true !, 
  i do n't have unexplained memories . 
  i have blurry memories however that were later explained to me or their significance revealed only years later as i thought about them . 
  the first of those i figured it out when i was six : i remember that before i was four , i know because my brother was born but my sister was n't yet , we were in a specialhome for single mothers in difficulty ( the fact that it was for singleothers was revealed even later by my mom ... ) . 
  the atmosphere was bleak and there were only women and the children were always outside even at night . 
  the tv was broadcasting in the common room . 
  so when i reminisced that when i was six , i realised that we were poor and all those women were poor and angry and desperate . 
  from this day and for ten years i made my best to cost the less i could . 
  rarely asked for a gift . 
  waited for birthdays and christmas and even then mostly asked for books or music . 
  simple things . 
  i regret that now because my mom told me she was sad that i never asked as much as my younger siblings who do n't remember ( or even lived ) through our darkest times ... 
  it was a batman and robin reference . 
  i think he also confirmed it one day at a convention but i 'm on mobile and do n't have it handy ... 
  i think this was just a metaphor . 
  bible written by zoophile hater confirmed, 
  if i do n't care i just focus on the now . 
  however the first time i went where the guy i cared for lived , i looked everywhere to have a clue of what he likes so i could please him later . 
  so because he had a lot of anime posters , a life size tiger plush on his bed and a dragon statue on a pile of mangas on a desk , i decided to give him another statue for his birthday . 
  ( a chick with fairy wings on a tiger , mostly clay and plastic for the wings ) . 
  it 's srill on his desk now we moved in together . 
  now we 're trying to set a date for a fucking wedding and we ca n't seem to decide if we should marry before or after crafting the babies and how many of those little shits we should spawn . 
  sometimes i wish i had n't given him that and then we cuddle and i bless my observation skills . 
  bitch please !, 
  tuck it in the plastic of the whole package now empty of pads . 
  thank you c\u00e9razette for allowing me to spend my life without blood . 
  he was initially a one night stand and we were tiptoeing around each other because we found out we liked each other more than that and wondered if the other would flee if we told stuff like `` can you stay a bit more '' . 
  thankfully i noticed he liked me and gave him this birthday gift to make him confess his feelings if he had more and our relationship grew to a regular monogamous relationship from there with othe meaningful gifts from him then from me and so on . 
  maybe it was n't clear enough in the message sorry . 
  so ... what about taxis stop paying said overpriced license ? 
  what about uber propose them more competitive wages ? 
  what about not giving hooligans the satisfaction of feeling they 're roght to scare me to death to approch my train station , mr. cazeneuve . 
  i mean , all of this in the end is about taxes i guess . 
  you 'll oust uber because they probably optimize their corporate taxes instead of paying the full 33 % and you 'll keep the dumb taxi driver who does n't see the big picture leashed to thos fucking license ... 
  my grandad with his daughter . 
  they were n't even married when they had us and he 'd be extra mad he is n't a muslim because ... y' know ... at least he 'd be bilal ... 
  do n't quick save after the arrow was shot . 
  now i 'm stuck in an orc 's den and i ca n't run fast enough before they kill me . 
  my last saves were ages before that and i do n't want to rediscover all the road to riften ... 
  in dragon age origins and ii when you leave the fight with at least one squad member alive , they usually say something akin to a thanks or rather not a thanks but a sarcastic plea to be careful next time . 
  i do n't remember exactly the text ... 
  one of my neighbours when i was ten ( my mom still lives here ) decided that the best way to make kids stop playing in the common areas of the building was by emptying a tear gas can . 
  i was the oldest . 
  the youngest was a little girl of five named zineb , our brothers arthur and ben-youssef and i all had the common point of being of color and having an algerian parent . 
  the woman being known as a bigoted bitch and her hisband a front national militant we had a councillor invite us in what used to be a local court and was closed when the french justice budget was cut there . 
  i ca n't imagine we were the only people who had this mandatory visit to the councillor for good neighbouring relations . 
  i suppose that without any racism involved , people will always be dicks to their neughbours because of noise of fences of anything ... ... 
  i concur : there were very bad witch hunts . 
  girls who married/slept with the german occupant were mistreated and publicly humiliated . 
  anyone with a german sounding name were shunned ... french and german never really got along but the first few months after the end of the occupation people lashed out really bad . 
  my history teacher 's parents lived in a farm and they told her pretty bad shit happened to them because they let an officer sleep in their barn after he was injured in a resistance attack during the occupation . 
  they did n't have a choice back then because they could have lost the farm and have to rely on the supply tickets . 
  they usually donated them to the needy who lived in the town and could n't grow their own supplies and food ( even the farm 's crops were requisitioned anyway and they had to live on what would have been considered bonus before ) ... 
  i was very lucky to have this history teacher because my grandfather was too young to enlist at the time and the rest of my family are from cameroon which was not really a french colony so my grandad was n't drafted . 
  he would have deserted anyway i guess because he 's a jehovah witness . 
  so i have nobody to talk to me about my country 's history at home aside from my books and my mom when talking about cold war geopolitics .
