  it 's my husband who helped me come to terms with it , actually , because we like to talk about girls and what we like in them . 
  however , to my mother , i 'll always be straight as a rod . 
  i still ca n't imagine me telling her that . 
  and my dad ... well he 's a bit homophobic , having been raised by jws and stuff , even though he thinks my mom 's ok because he 's known her for a long time and has been avoiding the kingdom 's hall like the plague for decades so ... 
  i had the same problem on my second year studying finnish in college . 
  i hope you got back on your feet . 
  it 's possible , i did it myself by finding studies i enjoyed . 
  everybody wants companionship . 
  i think all of us are aware of our romantic and sexual preferences early and girls are no exception : everyone talks about the object of their desires . 
  when i was twelve , i talked about boys at a pj party . 
  wondering if j. would finally notice me , when would my boobs would grow so i was finally considered a woman and not a girl , gushing about which people you 'd like to have kids with , occasionally impart the `` wisdom '' your parents passed down about sexual relationships ( i was lucky i was informed ... ), 
  so yeah we might be a bit shy because of the mighty sword of damocles that is the `` s '' word and all its variants , but girls who are not asexual usually like boys ( or girls or whoever ) too but they do n't have any more clues than you guys do . 
  i think your parents are on reddit and you don ' r want them to see anything you might have to say . 
  it took time for my husband to realise that , but please talk to the most rational family member about it . 
  give then the doctor 's orders and such . 
  if you have the patience and energy , educate them about it . 
  one day , they ` llhave a doubt and call you and it might be a day you need family support . 
  it 's been years since my husband told me i was `` crying over nothing serious '' and he supports me well because i took the time to do that . 
  unconditional love is extremely rare and is one of the beat remedies out there . 
  as a french citizen of algerian and cameroonian descent , being called american is extremely offensive to me . 
  is african even a proper race ? 
  africa is one big continent . 
  like my mom from algeria and my dad 's from cameroon . 
  i 'm pretty sure if my very white mom ever went to the us she 'd never be seen as a woc . 
  also , is n't a teacher 's job to fucking teach what countries and continents are ? 
  just because my late grand father was racist af and shouted everywhere that algeria is n't on the african continent does n't mean our generations should believe that kind of stupid misinterpretation of the french colonist propaganda . 
  i have no fucking clue about the english answer to your question . 
  thanks . 
  i still consider myself french first , though . 
  i 've never crossed the mediterranean . 
  if i were to believe the american part , i feel like diving from the back of an eagle guns blazing to bring peace and burgers to the lands of my ancestors . 
  it 's alright do n't apologise , i had guessed but i lack the language knowledge to follow up with the joke , it makes me really sad . 
  i tried once . 
  it was a bit slower ghan with china or india , but it worked fine . 
  i sometimes start in the uk for a bit of challenge . 
  does that even count as a win if you die seconds after that from the enemy 's nuke ? 
  or are we playing 1v1 league of legends ? 
  i like to start with uk . 
  it means staying off the radar with benign symptoms while you build resistance to climates but once you 're in the american or african , the real game starts . 
  i learned it 's just a matter of gameplay . 
  that 's because one 's looking straught at the camera and the other 's looking a bit higher because he 's dragging on his cig . 
  i think their faces are actually quite similar . 
  wtf ? 
  do n't communication agencies in the us know how to do proper media training ? 
  someone give me their names cuz i ai n't chosing them . 
  great scott !, 
  be careful with those words . 
  you 'll wake up the chocolatine vs pain au chocolat wars . 
  so ... can we break the news and say that creation myths are just myths or should we rename them `` theories '' to use words they understand ? 
  i did n't play portal 2 but i understood that reference and used it several years ago when asked to describe and sale a product in finnish as a written exercise . 
  i had full marks . 
  my flash is on 6 . 
  i 'm a monster . 
  i stopped dominion when my queues started to last forever . 
  i moved to infinite crisis , but the game was not as exciting and in the end , they too gave the priority to their 3 lanes 5v5 modes . 
  when will i get a proper moba capture mode i can properly compete in ? 
  with a ranked queue , balancing . 
  when dominion was introduced , that was all i was waifing for : a dominion ranked queue . 
  and now you , riot have failed me again when i have been coming back quite often , mostly to play with my friends , but still ... 
  i am so disgusted by this imma puke , brb . 
  it 's servers they 'd rather stop paying or use elsewhere , i think ... 
  mouse button 6, 
  watching my best friend play was equally rewarding when i found the solutions before him . 
  for some reason , my husband loves to have sex in the shower . 
  it does get uncomfortable for me because of ghat `` lubrication + water = nope '' problem , but he never lasts very long so i 'm happy to please as long as i get to have sex in my favourite position the next time . 
  well , at least she did call the police when she noticed something was wrong . 
  well , for his defense , without wow , there would n't be any hearthstones . 
   professor kim has also found that rats bred to depend on alcohol drank less if they were injected with chilli 's active ingredient . 
  so eating spicy kebabs with extra harrissa after a binge was just the after party ? 
  i want your dentists ' adress . 
  i might come more often if i get to play while i wait . 
  no matter if i suck at these ... 
  i think you meant `` too bad i 'm not interested in sucking phalluses with my mouth '' . 
  always thought moon t would be a great name for a rapper . 
  it 's funny , in france my so and i commented on how this was rated with our equivalent of pg 13 ( except it 's 12 ) and a guildmate from switzerland or belgium ( ider ... ) said it was forbidden to minors who had not reached their 16th year to see the movie . 
  are we french people psychopaths ? 
  i read this while listening to amon amarth and it was glorious . 
  the notice always says to test on only a small patch of skin the day before , though . 
  make sure to tell your `` friend '' that . 
  it 's because of allergies . 
  whenever i 'm away from home for a long time , my husband removes his pubes with tweezers and he says that 's the best . 
  also , no itchy stubble as it regrows and no hair on my tongue when it ... well , it 's glorious . 
  it lasted two weeks until something started to grow back , but we also noticed it did n't regrow as much as before . 
  he is also pretty hairless . 
  except on the legs , he 's half-gorilla . 
  he did n't do it in a while though since i have n't been traveling so much the last few years . 
  my husband has no idea of how long i 've been amazed by men 's hipbones . 
  they do , but also in very muscled ppl with very low fat . 
  my husband is just extremely thin . 
  also , did i mention trans guys ? 
  wether you 're on t or not , i love your hipbones . 
  tweezers contain no allergens and unless you 're not using it right , it wo n't cut the hair and make it regrow harder . 
  why the fuck do you girls allow your sos to forget your anniversary ? 
  every year , a week before the date , i ask him `` what do you want to do ? 
  i 'd either like a restaurant or a movie and then sex , but if you have another idea ... '' and then he can add whatever he likes because it 's the fucking anniversary of the day you brought light in their lives !, 
  if you 're the only one remembering , then be the one who buys a fucking gift and surprise the bastard . 
  first , maybe he 'll remember it better in the future if that 's what you 're worried about , second , you might like his reaction of pure happiness because he loves you too . 
  third , it 's his anniversary too , he deserves it for putting up with you , trying to guess what you want every second of your life together . 
  like seriously , how old are we ? 
  six ?
