  god !, 
  yeah but a lot of supermarket stocks for the dutch market is also meant for belgium and france , mostly because our countries are so close to each other and belgium is also bilingual . 
  i bet you like those french cheeses made with unboiled milk and the charcuterie , 
  i 'd say france because `` pr\u00e9servatif '' . 
  but i 'd like to know how it 's called in italian , can you tell me ? 
  well , you sure ca n't apply for the french one !, 
  my mom ever since she got her heart attack . 
  it revealed a ton of health problems in her including kidney failures . 
  every time i see her after a bad dialysis , i 'm afraid she 's going to die before my eyes , i want to puke and i usually try to get back home asap where i promptly feel terribly guilty for not spending more time with her or caring more for her to extend her life ( like finally making her get back in touch with her siblings for that kidney transplant she needs , but i understand her , we 're both the eldest and stuff ... and she 's too proud to ask my father . ), 
  i do . 
  i however got to see my mom 's heating bills as a child and now lock the thermostat at 19 celsius and wear a sweatshirt . 
  `` and please , try to get out of the house and work out a little , even just walking !, 
  and try to eat healthy foods once a day . '', 
  my mom in 2008 when she shipped me off to college . 
  `` i wish you were as slim as you were when we met . '', 
  my husband , 2015 . 
  when high school stopped , so did pe ... 
  also , these require such a big budget i always thought they were shut down because of the lack of benefits . 
  they probably should have made a more book accurate eragon movie if they wanted that but still ... 
  dude , i 'm 24 , live with a husband , just bought a house . 
  we still have candy for breakfast , bun toasts with either apple jam or honey or both in them for lunch and dine of freaking fried chicken at dinner in front of our computers playing freaking video games . 
  please , do n't feel guilty for having candy for breakfast . 
  i own a man and he owns me . 
  we signed papers and everything . 
  did i mention we eat dinner in front of our computers playing video games ? 
  do you think we have time to go to the gym ? 
  this raid boss ai n't gon na kill itself !, 
  why am i not surprised to see this on finland 's first national channel ? 
  ( even if of course finn tv will cover their national team 's on any sport ... yes including sauna olympics , wives carrying and football/soccer ... ), 
  i did n't know there was a bell inside but i figured that the brasilian player made the ball bounce instead of throwing it right away like i would at basket ball so his mate would be alerted by the noise . 
  but the bell is a nice touch yeah . 
  this is rare everywhere . 
  source : am parisian pedestrian . 
  i read this and imagined puppets acting it team america style . 
  `` elvis is alive . '', 
  i looked at ben with eyes as big as saucers . 
  he was always like this , but it had become a lot worse these past few years . 
  `` i saw him . 
  i was in the bathroom , brushing my teeth and when i finished he was there !, 
  smiling at me ! '', 
  je said , looking crazed , his hair still missed , his shirt stained with water and what i assumed was toothpaste . 
  `` ben ... come on , let 's go to bed ... '', 
  `` i just told you i saw elvis !, 
  i wanted to cry , but i knew ot would just make it worse . 
  maybe if i kept up with it ... 
  `` maybe we can look for elvis now ... look , if you 're scared , stay here and i 'll be on the lookout ... '' i told him , trying to sound reassuring . 
  his lip trembled and so did his left hand . 
  for a moment i was scared of the man who had been my husband for a hundred and sixty three years . 
  however , he seemed to calm . 
  `` of course honey . '', 
  he said , hos voice carefully neutral . 
  `` i 'll wait for you in bed . '', 
  he stiffly kissed my cheek as i got a hold of my cane to rise again from yhe bed and inspect the bathroom . 
  it was so tiring , every night ... maybe i should get in touch with his doctor , say it was getting worse . 
  three hundred and sixteen was way past our prime after all ... 
  in the mirror , the face i looked upon felt filiar and unfamiliar at the same time . 
  i remember my twenties when my voice was honey , my eyes framed in black lines and the grey was not yet dilluted by the various operations meant to restore my sight . 
  i was asked if i wanted surgery to keep my features youthful , but i did n't need that and unlike amy , i had not touched any drugs , living way past the twenty seventh mark . 
  i sighed as i heard my beloved ben 's voice asking if i had found elvis yet . 
  i sobbed . 
  we cured everything but this eluded us still . 
  fuck you alzheimer . 
  aaaand thats why breton chicks are not to be triffled with , les enfants !, 
  grey eyes , eye liner , honeyed voice died young after abusing drugs , i thought i had setup amy whinehouse well enough but this crap has been written on the phone during my daily commute ... 
  please , these puns are killing me . 
  maybe i 'll change it to whitney houston or something . 
  i 'm not at all happy about how this turned out ... 
  you might want to put it in the feminine genre `` les cousines dangereuses '' for the full effect . 
  edit : it seems i misread the comment . 
  i missed the `` male '' part of `` male cousins '' ... that 's what i get for being stupid and french . 
  not the best but hilarious . 
  i lived at an old lady 's house for two years . 
  she had just moved to a new house which had been unoccupied for two years following the death of the previous owner . 
  our garden has a great view of the garden of our neighbours and their living room 's french doors . 
  one morning in august i wake up as early as my friend and we prepare to have very early breakfast in the garden watching the dogs . 
  cue elderly gym rat neighbour coming out in all his ( very ) impressive glory . 
  my friend looked appreciatively . 
  i was sixteen and had very little exp\u00e9rience with the male body in general , i simply averted my eyes with that awkward embarrassed smile saying something like `` guess someone did n't get the memo '' or something funny that made my friend laugh out loud . 
  two weeks later they had propositioned each other and started a relationship . 
  it did n't last because he could n't talk about anything else other than sports and i guessed the sex was n't that good but of course she never exactly told me about that . 
  i am french too and i think les cousines dangereuses would make a wonderful name for a marc dorcel movie . 
  where do i start ? 
  buckets ? 
  shotgun wedding ? 
  chicken testimonials ? 
  in mmorpgs , you do n't die from any jump if you end up in water . 
  one day i forgot wilsstar hoverboards float on water . 
  as i told in a comment response higher up , i was used to this quirk when i started wildstar ... 
  except i forgot ws hoverboard work on water there and you do n't dismount when you hit the water . 
  at least ws cemetery has the sass to help you make light of it ... 
  do n't read kotaku unless you like to follow an author . 
  i recommend yannick lejacq for hots he 's great and actually plays the game . 
  peppered with hearthstone arena mechanics ( chose among three ) . 
  i think they wanted something that could work as a filler just like lol aram does without losing the spirit of hots ( objectives etc. . . ) . 
  this is way much better than aram . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i truly enjoy comebacks in lol , they 're so rare especially at my wood 5 level while i fight during the whole of a hots game because i 'm certain that my efforts to come backk ** will ** be rewarfed . 
  because i 'm an assassin , one with a passion for innovative rapping , dropping so fast you 're probably having a problem to follow the captions . 
  even if it was deaf , i 'm pretty sire the smell would do it . 
  jiggling a box known to hold treats , though ... works every time when my cat feigns deafness .
