  `` backpacking a month through finland without money making a long stop at the russian border ? 
  have fun ! '', 
  as someone who has recently decided to overclock her cpu in a 7 y/o mavhine that was open 3 times ( add ssd , change gpu , add second ssd ) i dread the moment i 'll have to open it for a real cleaning . 
  the cpu fan looked horrible . 
  as horrible as the initial gpu 's fans . 
  like a spider had decided to live there . 
  france here . 
  in winter i lunch on microwaved prepared meals that are 2 $ a piece . 
  in summer , i make salads and sandwiches ( baguette ) for less than 50c for a meal and they 're a lot healthier . 
  it took me a long time to realise i should do it better than that : when my husband found hairs and toilet paper under his fingers . 
  went flaccid faster than you could say buttcrack . 
  depends on your vegetables . 
  when i say hot prepared meals , i still buy more pumpkin soup than tomato and pepperbells because autumn/winter veggies are cheaper during their own harvest season . 
  or at least they are in france ? 
  i think my so is about to . 
  we considered ourselves married since we signed a pacs ( there 's a good wikipedia page about it ) but he recently popped the question and we 've invoted family to celebrate . 
  except he gets this sickness everytime there'a a social call . 
  he ca n't eat , sometimes he 's as colicky as a baby , but that part is getting better . 
  he just ca n't enjoy parties . 
  i think i 'm going to propose we have the ceremony with only our direct family ( our fathers both have five siblings , i have more grand parents alive than him , his uncles had on average two point four kids , my parents had about three-four kids on average including the jw part of the fam and divorces , second marriage etc that makes for about two hundred guests without the friends . ), 
  i live near disneyland paris . 
  i 'm quite scared too . 
  i know this is supposed to be basic decency , but i know too much girls who were neglectful and ended up provoking accidents when they were certain they could get away with it . 
  i know i could get away with it , could have for ages , but like it takes two to tango , do n't `` forget '' your pill or leave a bubble in the condom , ffs !, 
  wait until you both are freaking ready !, 
  that 's it . 
  that 's the only rule i have n't bent yet aside from not eating horsemeat . 
  when i was 17 , i ran away from home and spent the weekend at an internet friend 's place , only telling my dad which town i was in when the phone calls became too insistent . 
  he let me go after that saying i had just graduated from high school i was supposed to start becoming my own woman now . 
  ( which turned out to be hypocritical in the sequel of this story ), 
  so here i am , with good cop dad half authorizing my sortie going to party . 
  with all those internet friends , we went and had a picnic in champs de mars , that 's the big parc the eiffel tower is at and it 's customary in summer to go picnic and drink there . 
  now , one of them was an older guy who was playing matchmaker for his little bro for a while . 
  my friend had several problems brewing and i humored him . 
  the little bro was 22 and i thought him handsome despite the flat white ass , but hey , he had a dragon on his shirt . 
  so i start to get drunk and my friends watch over me so i feel safe and then i hit the sweet spot : it 's night and for some reason , i can spot a few stars so i go sit next to the little bro and we speak . 
  what 's he doing ? 
  computer engineering school . 
  you ? 
  just got my bac , going to study finnish at uni . 
  then we talk about hiw worried we are about his big bro my internet friend who 's cheating on his wife with a barely legal girl at the time . 
  they have kids , i saw them once at a forum meeting and he talks to me about them , saying he loves his niece and nephews . 
  i get less buzzed with the cold and the talking but he 's nice and i want to see him again , but time is up and we get into big bro 's tiny tiny car . 
  the friend i 'm staying at and myself are the first to be dropped and we all kiss our cheeks , y' know the annoying french custom . 
  i stop at the lil bro and say `` so , you have a choice , we make out or we do la bise '' . 
  he says i 'm gon na start with just the cheek kiss and i 'm asleep quite fast when we 're finally in bed/couch . 
  the morning after , i realise i did n't ask for his cell phone number and i feel dumb . 
  so i ask big bro about it and he happily gives it to me , he 's trying to help get his lil bro laid and i 'm a virgin too he knows so he thinks it 's a good action anyway . 
  i send one of those provocatively sexual texts i was known for in the forum and a lit of people had warned him about and he says '' sorry , i 'm in a train to marseille to meet friends . 
  i 'm back in a week . '', 
  and i do n't even have to recall a week later because he just texts me when he 's back in paris . 
  i decide he 's the one who 'll get my cherry this day when i organise the whole first date in a pub near bnf on the 8th of august 2008 . 
  i would ' t be able to stay the night because my siblings birthday is the eight and we had a dinner planned , but i was determined to go first base . 
  second base was reached a week later , that 's when my dad accused me of setting a bad example for my sisters , when i 'm the one working in a restaurant for pocket money and chose to spend it in beauty products for my man . 
  in shame i get dragged off back to his place with several empty threats scaring mybnew boyfriend away . 
  the cherry was picked only in september when i started the pill because in the end , working in a restaurant made me too tired . 
  he told me the his school was starting again and he did n't know if a relationship would hold the strain . 
  i said it was ok , we had fun . 
  the next monday i showed up with chicken , freshly shaved legs and pear ice cream ( he loooooooves pears ! ), 
  he told me it was the day he realised he loved me : because i did n't give up on the little thing we had and gave us the soil to grow . 
  i realised i loved him when i went shopping with him and we both hated it and shared that hatred together for people and ccrowded places for at least an hour . 
  this man proposed to me last month but i refer to him as my hubby since we signed a pacs agreement together . 
  we 're receiving the parebts for lunch in the house he bought and we 're waiting until i finish paying my school shit to start the mini-mes machine . 
  i could n't be happier with him . 
  i usually bathe only when i 'm feeling particularly dirty ( weekend at my mom 's with her horrible almost out of order bathtub , so mich she usually sponge bath ? 
  a weekend of gaming with the fianc\u00e9 and chilling with so much sexual intercourse thrown in the middle my thighs and butt turn white ? 
  sorry for the tmi , i just love those weekends and we usually bathe together after that . ), 
  edit : to ward off the incest , i added a mention of the only person who can cover me in white goo and get away with it : my wonderful future husband . 
  i 'm a lavellan lover because of all the implications of having a dalish inquisitor . 
  but i only romanced solas in my second playthrough . 
  and yet , the last dialogue in trespasser gave me chills ( i 'm broke so i just looked it up on youtube because i write fanfiction and needed the closure ) . 
  just for the trespasser ending , so full and charged in feels , it 's so fucking worth the heartbreak . 
  this is like my second favourite romance after the one with the chaotic evil ranger in nwn2, 
  ( i ` ts been so long i forgot his freakin name !! ), 
  my mom liked tomb raider but she 's not a gamer . 
  the sex is actually happening more at my own home with a fully functional bath ( with a drain that actually lets the water flow ) in the house my fianc\u00e9 bought last fall . 
  sorry for the accidental incest . 
  thanks !, 
  tl ; dr explanations : money , pride , neglectful children , including myself for a while but now it 's because i live far away and have money problems of my own ( student loan , no job but a lousy civil service , french style ), 
  women are not interested in hanzo 's chest because he 's not in a patticularly sexy pose . 
  garrosh could because he is mostly sitting in a position of power ( the ruler pose ) and most women find the power it radiates to be sexy . 
  so who is sexualised most in a society in which you 're taight every step of the way `` you 'll have sex/people will want to have sex with you '' ? 
  this snake is biting its own tails , and hard . 
  i am glad the tracer butt pose was removed . 
  i am glad this shitpost is here to remind us to look at ourselves and think of how the rest of the blizzard games and the real of the world is steeped in sexualised content aimed at both men and women . 
  tl ; dr everyone will see what they wish to see , especially if it hits the dick or the ego of males or toys with females ingrained fear of sex ( because taught or shown it was bad/dangerous ) . 
  social justice warrior . 
  it 's funny how the term is thrown around like an insult . 
  context : i am french . 
  i too dislike people being extremely vocal and agressive when they perceive ban injustice or a slight . 
  but throwing around sjw like an insult actually demeans people who are truly fighting for their rights . 
  imagine yourself in the france 1989 , when the people of paris swarmed the bastille prison to free the political prisonners there and show their anger against a government that had plunged them in debt ? 
  guess what they 'd have been called in 2016 ? 
  imagine yoursel in 1773 , throwing boxes of tea into the boston 's harbour ? 
  guess what the english noblemen , loyal to king george iii , would have called them ? 
  call sjws something else if you want to insult them , fighting for anything makes you a warrior and i wear the three letters acronym like a badge of honour whenever i 'm fighting for my rights ( like a few weeks ago againstvthe new law about weakening job regulations in my country ), 
  guess what people who are favourable to the law ( mostly big ass companies ceo and some littler entrepreneurs ) would call me if they met me ? 
  i recommend watching john oliver 's last week tonight on transgender people and bathroom bans https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hmoax9f6moc, 
  i did n't write it as a shitpost if anyone else is wondering . 
  more like `` everyone is made aware of sex and will be more or less affected by it so anyone complaining about it , even joking about someone complaining about it will look like an asshole to someone else '',
