  we had regional elections in france a week after the paris attacks . 
  the far right got a lot of votes in the first round . 
  when asked by the polling people , they said they 'd done it because they wanted more security after the attacks . 
  except regions do n't handle security at all , it 's a national prerogative . 
  they gave power to fund planned parenthood , schools and syllabuses , roads and highways , economic stuff and companies creation to guys who think lgbt is a std , that the only thing planned parenthood does is abort babies and further the `` gay agenda '' and think hiring only `` french '' people will solve youth unemployment ... 
  but nobody votes in local elections anyway , the turnout was historically low for a second turn led by the far right , whenever it happens the turnout skyrockets to 90 % ... 
  and why a father is scared for the safety of his children . 
  `` now is not the time to watch independence day . '', 
  one day , my siblings and i unlocked dr boskonovich on tekken 3 during the holidays and it quickly became my main and i was beating everyone in the household . 
  my little brother was so salty ( because he should be the one winning , he 's the boy and girls only play pokemon ) he yanked hard on his controller . 
  so he brok the cord and dr boskonovich disappeared for ever because the pins in the memory card had been damaged . 
  i had to go back to nina williams because we did n't know how to unlock him again . 
  hmmm ... 
  i 'm pretty sure that if you felt coerced and/or under threat you can have that resignation be cancelled but ianal . 
  maybe a prud ` hommes expert can confirm ? 
  do they know that odin is basically more swedish than finnish ? 
  someone should tell them , maybe they 'll be scared enough to return back to their moms and beg for sausages . 
  well odin was an old one eyed man with crows . 
  ukko ylijumala brings the thunder and is the ylijumala , the god of above i guess so i always thought ukko was more badass and feral and odin was wiser ... 
  but i 'm not a finn i just studied the language and culture at uni for a while . 
  i was at a friend 's grandma in kouvola . 
  i had been there almost a month , it was back when i felt fluent in finnish and then i hit the back of my head on the table when retrieving my fork from underneath it and instead of regular plain old boring `` putain '' only the granddaughter would have understood i go and just drawl one long `` peeeerrrkele '' . 
  everyone froze and she withdrew my right to call her mummo . 
  so imo it was like very offensive to old 80 y/o grandmas . 
  i almost always use helvettiin . 
  except for the odd vittu here and there and even then it does n't feel as offensive despite the whole female genitalia thing . 
   tell that to reddit . 
  tell that to europeans !, 
  we have made the devil out of the far right so much that the genuine ultra nationalists that do n't want to exterminate others and conquer the world like those fuckers always get lynched . 
  my best friend is exactly my opposite , she is for a sovereign nation and anti eu . 
  i just think it 's sad and i think she has a point and it 's one solution on the broad end of the spectrum . 
  but whe she speaks people dismiss her as racist . 
  this is very awkward for them when i 'm present of course because i 'm the living proof she does n't lie when says she has a black friend . 
  tl ; dr europe was traumatised by the first half of the 20th century, 
  except when it comes to ice hockey . 
  i swear those people go to war whenever they hit the ice !, 
  the only trace of it is a satire from the first guy to ever write finnish dow . 
  ( mikael agricola , 16th century lutheran who was translating the bible in his tongue and wanted a small fable to mock the old gods of old ... ), 
  then there were the songs and the kalevala and it sort of replaced it no ? 
  not finnish : the d in odinin sounds awkward when i say it . 
  is n't it supposed to change to a softer letter when in genitive form like that ? 
  like helsinki  helsingin or ottaa  otan ( to take another example that 's not a noun ) ? 
  would international papers have written about it if they had been called `` ukon sotilaat '' ? 
  what i read in the thread also gave me the clue that this sounds ridiculous in finnish but i have n't spoken it in years ... 
  man ... 
  i need to find a language porn subreddit . 
  let 's meet again there . 
  omfg the first time i went to a sauna someone yelled about sauna tonttu , was that it ? 
  i think there must have been a joke going on before i entered because apart from trying to scratch my underboob i do n't think i 've done anything ** that ** inappropriate ... 
  i 'm going to my mom 's on monday and i think imma get that sleeping old rig we had and i wrote my first fanfics on to make a nice nice modern rig out of old bones ... 
  try to watch gutierrez judas kiss , this will eclipse everything else he 's done ( but then i 'm too young and too french to have seen him on stage ... ), 
  well , twitter is alight with the whole `` 69 is the new 27 '' and have been hoping for another ( in ) famous 69er to drop like a fly this past twenty minutes ... 
  username checks out . 
  it 's funny because husband and i did it once in the bath and now we have a house with a tub again he wants to do it one more time . 
  our second appartment only had a shower . 
  but i think that despite the dryness he likes the suction and the feel of wet and naked boobs too much to pass up because we did it several times in showers , including once at 4 day long lan party in the gymnasium 's ( empty but functional ) showers . 
  actually , every muslim think that god is great . 
  there are a lot of muslims in france . 
  so no , it 's not too soon . 
  it 's too late . 
  185 years too late . 
  by the way the hulks trunks never get ripped , i 'd say the hulk 's got something to compensate ... 
  well , at least you can talk about fictional johnsons with your husband . 
  mine is n't that supportive . 
  i saw a video on my facebook about a girl doing dick pics for a living . 
  she dresses them up and uses a pro camera and everything . 
  edit : i found the dickpic photographer http://uk.complex.com/style/2016/01/professional-dick-pic-photographer, 
  cyclone coc blade vortex here . 
  i noticed it when i used a crit + kb shrine because i ran out of blades since with my rare platinum kriss even with increased aoe nodes the cyclone is always smaller than the bv and i * dumdumdumdum * ca n't touch this !, 
  it 's annoying as hell ... 
  and for the first time in years of speaking the language , i feel like i do n't een-gu-li-shu . 
  could you eli5 this joke for me ? 
  it sounded like a joke at least ... 
  i 'd rather hit the spouse , delete the lawyer and facebook up , i 'd even get away with everything because double x. . . = /, 
  but i ca n't stand to do sports so no gym , thank you ... 
  rn i use fortify , cyclone , coc and bv while i wait to 5l my voll 's protector with vorici . 
  planning to switch to a 6l like the above with life leech gem . 
  i play a tanky version of the build . 
  i generate blades with crits from my cyclone . 
  since i have the voll 's protector , both generate power charges but i still need to touch things with cyclone to get any blades , though . 
  or because they do n't think kids are actual people with brains . 
  or if they do they should understand high school maths at 11 . 
  or if they do , they should n't become like their mother ... 
  or their new wife is there and they want to show her his ex is not a threat because she a dirty lazy fatass lesbian . 
  actually , scrap that i ca n't understand why my dad dissedy mom whenever he came by , especially since when he came alone they 'd watch sci fi flicks and laugh together . 
  ( my step mom 's one of those `` fantasy is n't real so it 's not culture '' people ) ... 
  and then he 's out and we do n't hear of him until a few weeks after the next birthday when he comes with a lame gift . 
  it 's funny because french minimum wage used to have `` guaranteed '' in it too . 
  nobody 's ever happy to hear they 're going to get minimum wage . 
  used to be a nice thing to hear before wwi though ... 
  my life became a living hell when internet realised i was a woman a few years back . 
  no i do n't want to maximise my chances to conceive . 
  not when i was 17 , not now . 
  my husband , whenever we speak of sex seems to think all men are always in the mood . 
  except i have several counter examples i found during our 7 + years together . 
  i 'm pretty sure if i 'd followed through with it those times i 'd have been guilty of rape . 
  no , he was n't ill . those times were when we had a serious row and when he was in a depression a few years back . 
  i think media is n't helping by amplifying it some more ... 
  mine is too easy to guess in a reddit thread . 
  funny , i was thinking the same yesterday .
