  but a lot of activists and freedom fighters are demeaned when they 're called sjw , even when they are legitimately oppressed and fight to oppose the wrongs they 've been subjected to . 
  that 's what i wanted to say in my post . 
  sorry if it was unclear . 
  also , that would require parents to know themselves of healthy sexual relationships and want to talk about it with their kids , thus imagining their little babies having sex . 
  no one wants that . 
  this felt better than crushing purity suzanne fielding with harmony kavita thakur . 
  waking up at 6:30 every morning . 
  my day is longer , i can even play video games after my morning shower because i do n't have kids to take care of like my boss . 
  i 'm way more alert and work more and more efficiently every morning at work . 
  i 'm less useless in the afternoon , even in summer and even without a nap . 
  i get to bed around midnight during the week and between one and two on weekends for a natural wake up by a hungry cat around ten . 
  ( poke , poke , meow , feed me human or i shall exwcute you with excessive poking and chin rubbing ) . 
  my husband says i 'm also better in bed now , but i do n't know if it 's because i got thinner recently . 
  i am that friend . 
  not your specifically but an annoying `` all about me myself and i '' person . 
  shut.me.out . 
  it 's an order . 
  otherwise we never learn to shut up about ourselves and we 'll even start to turn you , change you , affect your mental equilibrium . 
  please , just stop talking to your friend one day aside from `` hey , how are you , fine , good . 
  got ta go , have a nice day . '', 
  and you 'll be fine . 
  i remember the first friend i lost that way was one heck of a wake up call . 
  i still ca n't keep them all , but i 'm starting to shut up and listen once in a while and it helps . 
  your friend should learn that and come back to you when he learns friendships go both ways . 
  do they ship to europe ? 
  edit : they do for the things i 'm interssted in ( towels ) but they 're charging so much i 'm giving up . 
  guys hair advice are the best because us women are receiving so many contradictory advice from so many different sources we 're swamped . 
  you get to experiment more and are rewarded for your efforts . 
  i always listen to my husband about hair even if we could n't have more different hair ( his is very thin and greasy , mine are normal to dry and afro ), 
  but what of people who assume anyone fighting for any kind of fight they do n't always know about and call that feminist or black lives matter a psycho who always cry `` outrage '' at any little thing one day and a sjw the next ? 
  i get your definition , but people sometimes do n't go that deep when they just want to slap a tag and be done with someone/some issue they 're tired hearing about . 
  not exactly food i eat differently , but we have a device to make croques monsieurs : they are a bread sandwich with ham , emmental cheese in and on top . 
  you can add an egg to `` le faire madame '' as in turn it into a croque madame instead of croque monsieur . 
  then you put it in the machine ( not unlike a panini machine ) and let it toast your stuff it 's delicious . 
  so a few years ago , my hubby and i used to put old cantal cheese on a slice of bread and heat it up a few seconds in the microwave . 
  one day i said `` why do n't we toast it in the croque monsieur machine instead ? '', 
  and this other day , about a month later , we 're having microwave heated buns for late breakfast and ... 
  i realise while putting honey on it it could definitely fit in the machine . 
  and here we are now , making sweet sweet croque monsieurs with bread , buns , jam , honey , cantal , comt\u00e9 , cheddar , salmon , nutella , banana , salty caramel , sometimes with a scoop of ice cream on top !, 
  but never chantilly cream , i think because we do n't usually buy or make any ( and oh homemade whipped cream is so tedious to make ... ) . 
  there has to be some kind of punishment for men who carelessly leave their sperm inside women 's vaginas . 
  then you use a condom . 
  then you throw condoms at people 's faces . 
  who knows , with enough force we might get it to sink into their thick skulls . 
  sorry the clash . 
  i 'm going back to jos\u00e9phine . 
  not the guardian angel . 
  not the employer , but i 'm freelancing user support and refereeing for a video games tournament website . 
  we sometimes hire kids ( usually 18 to have less legal problems ) over the school breaks and holidays and the cv and cover letter are required because :, 
  it shows some pieces of your character in it : are you a lazy bum ? 
  do you write well ? 
  this is important because we already get lambasted over our spelling and french people are the naziest grammar nazis to have ever grammar nazi ( see last months reaction to the finalisation of a spelling change rollout started in 1990 , it was ugly . 
  we also tend to refuse people who have experience or plan to enter computer science schools , but that 's because the boss is slightly paranoid , it 's served us well in the past so we indulge him . 
  of course since we 're a gaming company , we just wan na check a list of games the kid likes and make him a ref on a specific game ( last we hired was a fifa expert and i 'm the moba expert ) or even anticipate new trends . 
  fortunately , only a few kids forget to list their favourite games in a resume to a company that has the word `` game '' in it . 
  the others are printed , made little balls of and serve the best 3 point toss to the bin contest . 
  for now , office team is leading , but that 's because they do n't believe us work at home online team when we say we had a better toss . 
  as i said , we 're a gaming company , so we expwct it . 
  do n't mention that if you 're answering to a job offer to become an accountant in a transports company , for sure . 
  i personnally do n't know a gaming indistry worker who do n't like games in a way or the other , even just chess or football . 
  in this case , liking games is actually an argument because the more passionate about your work , the more efficient you 'll be . 
  it just happens that your work is making people play games , so you have to know the rules and having played the game and tested the rules yourself is one hell of an advantage over someone who sens the same resume to work at a hotel reception and our company . 
  i searched under `` us congress '' in both google and eli5 and i wondered if the answers were complete . 
  it seems like they truly spend a lot of time doing that for just campaign purposes and during their whole mandates , while this time should be best used in lawmaking and the fundraising delegated to people accompanying them , like many politicians do . 
  i 'm sorry if this was asked before . 
  thanks for your answer , that search was better than mine . 
  these tables are exactly what i was looking for !, 
  thanks !, 
  i considered cosplaying the quizzie with a henna tattoo of mythal 's vallaslin . 
  i think it 's good enough for a week-long con ( it stays a while , so be sure you have your week free ... ), 
  tw : sexual violence, 
  thank you for kindly reminding op that girls are also sexually assaulted in the deep roads . 
  i always thought the `` in her mouth they spew '' was forced oral . 
  de villiers ? 
  buffet ? 
  it does n't even hurt , since it 's basically paint made of plants . 
  as someone who 's struggled and struggles to keep pets until the end , even if i sort of failed by finding the most difficult of them families ( i work a lot and do n't have much time , so little kitty had to go back to my mom , but she 's young ... ) i truly appreciate what you 're doing for rocky . 
  i just want to see a terry pratchett reference in the comments . 
  do n't mind me, 
  it also helps those troops and stuff totally feel second hand or `` the best we had at the moment '' . 
  adan , minaeve and threnn do a good job of reminding you that everytime . 
  read the first couple of paragraphs . 
  it sounds cool . 
  this is exactly mg thought process when i started the game . 
  i wanted something bow based and chose a character , rolled for it ( it failed hard , did n't even get past normal and this was back when vaal was the last boss ... ), 
  and you 're right , what hit me was the number of them . 
  there is literally a french sketch about `` my grandma when she was twenty '' what she could n't say in a random conversation . 
  these three are the only songs i listen in jethro thull 's discography . 
  they 're like the blood in your veins . 
  my husband and i are so wrong . 
  when a 4870 , a r7 260x and a r9 290 give the same performances on the same game without a ssd ... you got ta wonder . 
  also , my mate had to twiddle on his motherboard to get better performances and tried on three graphic cards from two different brands and chipsets . 
  who has the money to get a new motherboard each new league/expansion ? 
  after using a 64g ssd with only os , browsers and voip stuff on it , i recommend you buy two separate ssds . 
  one of 120 for the above , one of the size your budget/imagination needs for games , a hdd for storage/movies/whatevs . 
  it 's the best i did on an old upgraded rig . 
  i play a lot of games , most of them rpgs , not all of them mmos . 
  i do n't have enough space on a 120g , even as i install them on another drive : game makes sometimes clog your my documents and appdata and my windows cd is broken so i ca n't use sysprep at all . 
  unless you can use sysprep/partitioning efficiently or ca n't buy multiple disks , buy multiple disks : 120g for system is good if you put simple voip , office and browsers in it . 
  the second disk is up to you and your needs .
