  why do you suppose rapes must be due to racism ? 
  you 've managed to bring two legal cases that , based on reading a few lines of the first one , have little to no relevance to the point i made . 
  i never specifically argued that it would be legal to return people without interview when caught at mediterranean . 
  any thought that i did is just a product of your imagination . 
  i 'm not going to spend time debunking your imagination further than that . 
   you want to know the upsides of the right to refuge ? 
  not specifically . 
  i wanted to know the upside of the policies that leads to current conditions . 
   how about human decency ? 
  what particular point of increased rapes do you find to drive human decency point ? 
   denial of support of dictatorial regimes ? 
  why do you think the current immigration policy denies support to dictatorial regimes ? 
   saving innocents ? 
  based on what do you suppose this is true ? 
   error in your thinking is that you are assuming there is actual room for decision . 
  there is , as demonstrated in practice by many countries . 
  have you still not understood that the current policy is in line with the law ? 
  i 'm not sure if i would agree with that . 
  even if so the law can be changed you know ? 
   by your logic , any freedom would be bad , because it has the potential to increase rape or theft or anything . 
  what a nonsensical and ridiculous view . 
  what i have done is asked for upsides for this downside , which you , for example , have n't addressed , and have rather opted to derail the conversation to something completely different . 
   i.e. 
  the fact that people have rights and right to residence should be a citizenship right , or an eu citizen right . 
   people have rights and these can not simply be overruled depending on the mood ? 
  i would n't suggest deciding anything with mood . 
  straw man . 
   that each person has the right to be viewed individually in terms of actions and consequences ? 
  this does n't apply to movement principles . 
  rather people with some citizenship have access to visa free travel or right to residence , and others do n't . 
  not sure if you had any arguments in your post , or if it was just general angry venting . 
  seems more like the latter . 
  the traditional cowards way out when faced with issues that could end up questioning their views . 
  which is why it should be important to understand that the assumption within the second question was n't important , because the second question only tried to make the former clearer . 
  my real question is :  so what is the upside that 's worth the downside ? 
  the latter comment posed as a question should clarify the former question to you . 
  so far with it being on plus i see that you are the only one having problems understanding the question . 
  i 'm not sure i can help you . 
  are you aware that replying to questions with questions is n't what you 'd normally call a conversation ? 
  are you going to reply to every question with a question ? 
  this point is to be highlighted because ? 
   when you account for poverty , war , stress , and ** living in a xenophobic environment ** , the result is still clear . 
  there it is !, 
  those xenophobes deserved it . 
  since the policy you prefer increases rapes you must justify why it should be continued to be implemented . 
  the message was n't that hard to understand . 
  the second category is entirely within the first one . 
  since it 's about appropriate reactions , and there 's a pointed downside , now you must argue that the upside is worth the downside . 
  so what is the upside that 's worth the downside ? 
   how about the fact that people get integrated and pay taxes than in turn pay the pension of old europeans ? 
  is this a conclusion that you have drawn by looking at the employment rates and the types of positions these people end up being employed in ? 
  farmers are n't any kind of special category that have a right for the daily activity they prefer . 
  here the case would n't proceed on some arbitrary grounds that his not really a bad person . 
  religious people would then defend the law by labeling people for dismissal to be edgy , fedora , and by using other similarly objective arguments . 
  thus the law would remain there as a blanket law to punish the `` bad people '' . 
  that 's the only thing that the blasphemy law in finland is used for . 
  thanks for quoting and bolding the article . 
  really comes in handy . 
   we get back some islands to satisfy our nationalists great idea , absolute fantastic . 
  this has always worked so great in europe . 
  with this amazing thinking we will finally solve any territory conflicts . 
  i mean what 's the worst that could happen , a world war ? 
  haha . 
  this is exactly why it works . 
  honestly it 's not at all the first time i 've seen american news services spin similar shit . 
  i saw this same thing pulled of in a murder rate map on a newspaper site . 
  irrelevant . 
  it 's very clear for anyone that 's worth talking to . 
  now if you had an attention span that was n't so short , you 'd understand that it is n't my position . 
   but you want to restrict the recreational industry no . 
  that 's where you understood wrong . 
  i think you have trouble understanding the concept of why you were asked to provide reasons for restrictions . 
  perhaps it 's due to lower english proficiency or something . 
  either way i do n't think i can help you in your confusion . 
   what ? 
  i ' arguing for `` people need to be able to do fun things on their day off '' . 
  i agree . 
  it seems there 's no actual reason you responded to me then . 
  yes exactly . 
  that 's the side you are arguing for it seems . 
  the side where if people do n't need stuff it should be banned . 
  therefore as people can live without going to cinema it should be banned . 
   recreational industry needs to be able to be open on sunday . 
  why would it ? 
  people do n't need it and the workers need their holiday . 
  that 's the side you are arguing for and i 'm asking you to provide any valid reasons for that nonsense . 
   people need gas ?!, 
  i mentioned the shops in them . 
  if you have this level of trouble reading and comprehending i hope you would n't respond to me . 
  and even to this , why ca n't they just get gas on saturday or friday ? 
  again this is your side of the argument you are arguing for it seems . 
  just arbitrary restrictions with no reasons provided . 
  so by that we have concluded we should keep the shops open and restaurants and cinemas closed on sundays . 
  so why is it the other way around ? 
   one man 's restriction is another man 's protection repeating this kind of empty and meaningless slogans does n't get us anywhere . 
  a restriction could protect someone , it also could not . 
  i asked for the reasons for restrictions . 
  now protecting someone could be valid argument , but the assumption that restriction protects someone is invalid . 
  / u/chairswinger even went ahead and admitted he likes restrictions for themselves ( and not because they protect anyone ) . 
  i compared your opinion that restrictions do n't need any reasons to a country that seems to use that principle wildly .
