   nobody gives a fuck about your sexuality that seems highly disingenuous considering your participation to the thread and the next statement :  i ca n't stand this pride bullshit . 
  at this point i think the point where you attempted to think is where it went wrong . 
  sounds like you 've put a lot of thought into this . 
  do n't worry , we 'll get some electric conversion therapy going for you . 
   i assume you 're being sarcastic . 
  no i 'm honestly looking forward to you explaining what the issues with tourist catering , souvenir shops and cheesy catering businesses are . 
   entire streets and neighbourhoods repopulated by tourist-catering establishments ... souvenir shops , cheap booze selling pakistani 's businesses , cheesy restaurants , etc. 
  what 's the downside to these ? 
   prices for everything ( especially housing , because bnb ) goes up the mistake here is thinking that you have some innate right to live in an apartment you do n't own . 
  that 's the exact opposite what other answers are suggesting to me . 
   unregulated mass tourism destroys the city and how is that ? 
  by what logic is it greedy ? 
  do n't be a moron . 
  have you ever tried not being a moron ? 
   that 's fair enough but i 'll remain skeptical . 
  * ... while refusing to do any research to the subject that would debunk the basic level errors in my idiotic assumptions . 
  * you are a moron . 
  an utter and complete moron . 
  so have we determined that countries with nuclear weapons do n't need the eu ? 
   have a tested iq of 156 great for you . 
  what 's the relevance ? 
   well , what is your perspective , then ? 
  i have n't been arguing they are accurate or well made , but only that it does n't require your friends to have answered them . 
  and they do n't need to either . 
  the reason why you do n't understand this , is that you are very uneducated and therefore stupid . 
  worse still , your failure is not only that , but also arrogance and laziness . 
  you have never spent any attention to finding out from a neutral perspective how these polls are formed , yet you think they must be flawed . 
  that 's a failure in much deeper level than merely not understanding a subject , even when the subject is important . 
  oh look it 's the `` i do n't understand statistical samples and i do n't want to understand them '' comment again . 
  next up : remove possibility to install vpn applications : http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2017/07/30/apple_helps_out_chinese_censors_by_removing_vpn_apps_from_store.html, 
  he 's or hers post quality has been approximately the same for years . 
  thanks for that . 
  article seems to be readable by using google translate , and provides further context . 
  i recommend people to look at it . 
  i came here to state that your idea is stupid , not to make my own ideas . 
  it is not necessary to do the second to do the first . 
  in fact making up these shitty ideas with no research is exactly what we should n't do . 
   most psychological diseases worsen in the twenties , citation for that, 
   i was thinking of something along the lines of the youth brigades from the former communist countries and we should copy them since communist countries were well known for their prosperity and efficiency , which is why all westerners are flocking to the comparatively more prosperous eastern european countries ever since the curtain came down . 
   students would volunteer -  the government might provide a small stipend nice attempt to misrepresent facts such as that erasmus spending does n't in any way equal to a `` small stipend '' , and that you proposed to move people around the continent in some sort of insane public program for this . 
   in this sense , it would be a venue for different nationalities to interact with each other . 
  yeah the amazing advice continues . 
   perhaps i did n't give enough detail as to what i was thinking . 
  or perhaps your ideas are just not that great . 
  this is similarly ridiculous as thinking there 's no climate change when the weather is cold or it snows . 
  as if moving students half a continent away to perform menial tasks in a forest is any sort of reasonable idea . 
  that idea is so fucking stupid and the simple fact you have to be explained something like this makes me question things . 
  such as how did you end up with such an abysmally low level of logical reasoning ? 
  what kind of educational programs have you attended ? 
  it 's useless for the reasons i already mentioned . 
  what you need to do is read the post and it will clearly name a reason why . 
  personally i think it 's rude to reply to my message after not having read it . 
  because fuck doing things in an economically efficient way !, 
  more importantly the fact that you are lazy and arrogant , as evident by not bothering to do any research about the subject , as the figures do n't resemble actual subscribes of national subreddits , and furthermore the since you have no idea why , and thus you ended up with this useless map and nonsense analysis . 
   germany 's population is going to shrink by 12 % , which will inevitably make our economy shrink absolute nonsense . 
   he referred to them as `` subhuman '' and `` cockroaches . '', 
  4chan claims more victims ? 
  thanks for your quality response . 
  your participation was truly invaluable . 
   your thread -  your video is youtube commentary i have neither made the thread or the video . 
  getting a fact like this correct would be required in order to have conversations . 
   for humorous/non-political stuff  part of an official interaction i 'll leave it as an exercise for viewers to determine if they would classify everything to fall under these two specific areas . 
  except you do n't use this standard as evident from [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=site%3ayoutube.com&amp;sort=relevance&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=year ), 
   there is literally zero point in doing this except that 's not how it works , media manipulation and propaganda does work , and it 's exactly why it 's done . 
  that 's maybe what you want the reality to be , but it is not . 
  there 's overwhelming evidence that political censorship by google has been the case for years : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_by_google#youtube, 
  the things is , a lot of people live in this denial about this , despite there existing overwhelming evidence that it 's absolutely correct to say that google or `` alphabet inc '' , the owner of youtube does censorship for governments . 
  here 's an article where you can just read a couple of examples : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_by_google basically in order to operate in a lot of countries you will need to do political censorship and manipulation , and this has become the normal operating procedure for international companies . 
   but can we please stop this nonsense ? 
  absolutely not if someone gets upset about it like you !, 
  i could have probably defended turkeys development direction in that manner just a few years ago . 
  it turns out i was completely wrong . 
  turkey is definitely going towards that path at pretty high pace . 
  either way nuts regions are not really a fair comparison in this way . 
  there 's certainly no indisputable method which could be settled upon , but a better one would be forming metropolitan areas with the same criterions for example . 
   there are no reasons to keep shops open \\ - / u/defrgthzjukiloaqsw how far do you have to have your head in your ass to type out something as stupid as that ? 
  that 's the stupidest thing i 've read on reddit . 
  makes absolutely no sense , none what so ever . 
  just stop and think about what you write for a moment . 
  you argued that they are allowed to stay open for reason of fun , but since shops exists for reasons other than merely just for fun , there is a more solid reason ( necessity ) to keep shops open . 
  just to make it clear you did n't present any arguments for the law . 
  being gay and muslim makes this a topic that includes the attitudes of this religion to this sexual orientation . 
  that 's exactly what you should be able to answer , rather than just launch personal attacks . 
  however , i 'm just guessing , but to me it seems you have hard time dealing with criticism of religions or religious people . 
  tips the standard i 'm offended by the comment , but i have nothing to present against the arguments in it - comment . 
  also finland . 
  google being smarter it gets users to do the spyware/botnet participation themselves . 
  in other words based on that description : government became slightly smarter and stopped wasting a huge amount of money on something incredibly ridiculous . 
  what relevance does your question have ? 
  mine is that i 've compared countries that i see as being comparable to a large extent . 
  eu-countries that you would probably call western ( in global sense ) . 
  they have pretty much the same trade-area rules determined by eu , and so work with the same economic principles . 
  public sectors , that although differ in size , have similar goals . 
  also similarly measured statistics , where as for your comparisons i 'd be less inclined to claim so . 
  i do n't think you can fix any issues if your attitude to them is just `` do n't know '' . 
  seems to be working pretty well tbh . 
  since you think that it is due to foreigners , would n't it make sense that the foreigners coming from higher murder rate countries would be more likely to be culprits ? 
  also would n't it be helpful that there would be actual statistics available about it , so you would n't have to default to stereotypes ? 
  questions for germans and swedes : why do you think poland ranks better here than your country ? 
  or maybe youd only have to go to the helsinki suburbs ?
