i find that most fancy cheeses taste bad . 
  might as well smuggle a cheese that someone can actually eat . 
  same with some fancy french wine , costs a lot but tastes dry and bland . 
  russia is sanctioned by the eu because of the crimea . 
  russia makes bad cheese . 
  eu countries ca n't sell their cheese to russia , so it has to be smuggled in . 
  that does n't tell us who is funding them . 
  if i went to the market and held up a sign saying `` long live trump '' does that mean trump is funding me ? 
  i would n't be thankful at all . 
  russia is an important trade partner of finland , losing them would be quite bad for our economy . 
  he 's thinking about how sipil\u00e4 will fuck-up finland while he 's away . 
  you would get daily beatings from germany , reminding you to not disobey ever again . 
  hopefully not . 
  they should have never come to europe . 
  the eu should have funded refugee centers in turkey and egypt . 
  you 're not getting my point so there 's no reason to continue . 
  yes so context . 
  in a geography subreddit you 'd use fennoscandia and scandinavian peninsuala etc , but / r/europe is n't about geography . 
  it 's more about culture , history and politics . 
  and in that context finland and iceland are very much scandinavian . 
  in regular conversation the terms are used interchangeably . 
  finland/iceland being/not being scandinavian depends on the context . 
  it 's wrong in geographical terms but in cultural it 's not . 
  sweden and finland we 're together for 750 continuous years . 
  if that qualifies as `` long shared history '' . 
  finland 's 2nd official language is swedish . 
  i 'd also include iceland in the list . 
  at least in my experience people use scandinavia and nordic interchangeably . 
  kinda like holland/netherlands or england/united kingdom . 
  not wanting to leave their ancestral lands ? 
  the government and it 's actions are supposed to represent the common people . 
  same reason why we say `` police '' and not `` the people who stop people who break the law '' . 
  it 's shorter and simpler . 
  everyone knows what it means . 
  i wonder why you got downvoted , only a very small part of turkey is in europe . 
  the vast majority of their population and land is in asia . 
  well i 'd like to see you try prohibit alcohol . 
  we 've tried it before , did n't work . 
  why legalize cannabis and add to our problems ? 
  it 's so nice to see someone who agrees with you on such an important topic . 
  they 'd be on the top of the hdi if they outlawed it . 
  good way to take things way out of context . 
  you know full well that finland had a serious economic crisis in the early 90s caused by bad policy , not alcohol . 
  so because we have 1 murderer we might as well have 10 more ? 
  because serious problems take a long time to appear . 
  semantics . 
  it 's illegal because it 's dangerous . 
  then recognize the authority of the state . 
  hard drugs are illegal for a reason . 
  no i have n't , nor am i planning to . 
  i believe we need to eliminate it , not endorse it . 
  but i have no interest in talking to an anarchist . 
  good day . 
  the high is the negative effect . 
  with alcohol you have to drink a lot to get even similar effects to weed . 
  weed causes hallucinations , delusions , and a loss of the sense of personal identity . 
  dangerous . 
  you wo n't get cancer from a single tobacco , you wo n't get liver disease from a can of beer and you wo n't get heart failure from one burger . 
  but the negative effects of hard drugs happen instantly . 
  and that 's why it 's dangerous . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm not . 
  i 'm against hard drugs like cannabis , heroin and lsd . 
  and i 'm not sorry for it . 
  i 'm also against tobacco , but not as much . 
  however , you wo n't get your mind altered mcdonalds causing you to hurt someone or yourself . 
  if you think mcdonalds is as dangerous as weed then you 're an idiot . 
  you need to drink a lot of alcohol for the negative effects to appear . 
  while weed is dangerous even in small amounts . 
  right ... good luck with that . 
  alcohol has been a part of culture for thousands of years . 
  i think it 's fine . 
  america is in a downward spiral regardless and uruguay is a ` shithole ' already . 
  not much we can do to help them . 
   i think most of people would n't risk for `` 5 bucks '' or some other amount a teenager can offer . 
  but druggies would . 
  they could use that 5 $ to buy some for themselves . 
  legalizing drugs would be accepting defeat and throwing the children 's future away . 
  unacceptable . 
  the effects of marijuana can be felt in small amounts , according to the article . 
  have a cup of coffee and see if you start feeling murderous . 
  i think you wo n't . 
  i asked for users , user means someone who is doing something currently . 
  bill gates used lsd when he was in his twenties , not now . 
  his id , the time and amount are documented , great . 
  now what is stopping him from handing the drugs to the teenager ? 
  no he did kill his wife , and was sentenced to 30 years in prison . 
  & nbsp ;  it is my opinion that this disorder was the direct result of psychosis due to severe insomnia . 
   by sleep deprivation , which was caused by the heavy ingestion of diet pills ** and ** caffeine we do n't know what pills these were and how they react in the body with each other . 
  could happen with any two substances . 
  it 's from the article you linked . 
  did you even read it ? 
  i have a problem with excessive consumption of alcohol . 
  oh really ? 
  you think a rebellious teenager wo n't find a way to say , pay an adult 5 $ to buy him some weed ? 
  cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome . 
  the symptoms are severe abdominal pain and violent vomiting . 
  lovely . 
   a denver man who is accused of killing his wife after eating marijuana-infused candy he bought at a legal pot shop has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder . 
  bill gates is not an lsd user . 
  he has n't used it for a long time .
