  now you have a friend who lives in ni\u0161, 
  he is handsome , i 've seen it once, 
  lies . 
  one of you wrote this so the secret of nene would not get out to the normal world , i am sure of it, 
  thats a pretty good album, 
  from a tit that was n't strong enough, 
  why didnt the cat continue the blowjob ? 
  the new disturbed album , at least for me . 
  `` the vengeful one '' was the only awesome song , all others were between okay and so-so . 
  oh , you know , `` justin '' ;d, 
  is there anyone here who has achieved a c1 level at home , by themselves ( or b2 , anything thats close to fluent ) ? 
  if yes , how did you do it , what were your methods and in what time did you accomplish that ? 
  i am glad i am informed of this, 
  which is the best ? 
  i dont know any of those and i want to listen to them, 
  did you seriously write `` p in v '' ? 
  are you 12 years old ? 
  im not very active lately , and i wont be in the near future since i will be having exams , but i 'll be happy to befriend anyone . 
  after all , the more people you follow , the better you can compare yourself to other learners . 
  same username, 
  happy new year, 
  no we can not, 
  happy new year !, 
  i want to shitpost properly , i dont think i am doing it right as of now, 
  you are making a mistake by trying to force yourself to love something you dont . 
  if you have to learn it , ask help to learn it , but if you dont like it , do not try to deceive yourself . 
  if you ask me , i think you should learn serbian , which is better than any of those languages because you will be my friend, 
  if there was any single picture that needed context on this sub , its this one, 
  what ... ? 
  i masturbated when i was a kid and now im blind, 
  you need more weed, 
  dip it in ice , that usually helps me, 
  maybe stop smoking so much pot, 
  yeah i do feel something, 
  i like your username , can we be friends ? 
  depends on how fast you get to level 7 , 
  but no seriously , that doesnt happen to me in swedish , and very rarely happens in french . 
  i think it depends on the course and you might be stuck with it forever , who knows, 
  so the legends are true , it does exist, 
  well you study archaeology obviously . 
  other than that you are introverted and intuitive , not sure where i get that from , its just a feeling . 
  based on your scarf and clothing , as well as those cute bow-ties hanging from the ceiling , its safe to assume youre a girl . 
  as for how you look like , youre neither thin nor too chubby , your weight is pretty average , but i only got that from looking at your pics , in which one of the people must be you and none of them are too over or underweight . 
  also youre white , and possibly a brunette , i cant see the pics that well . 
  youre into either indie or rock music and style , but i didnt deduce it from anything , i just have suspicions based on the style your room is decorated in . 
  stuff like that would be incompatible with regular modern pop-culture standards so you have to belong to a certain subgroup . 
  the messiness and disorganization , yet very unique sets of items show what your thoughts are like . 
  you are a creative person , you often get blooming ideas , but you dont tend do finish things on time , and youre generally lazy . 
  thats it from me . 
  how much did i get right ? 
  nice to see i got a few things right . 
  i dont finish things on time either and my room is kind of like yours in the sense of organization of things . 
  do you masturbate to specifically to shrek or some other character from the movie ? 
  hey man , if you like it , its perfect, 
  what happened , did he hit a hemorrhoid or a polyp ? 
  yes , someone will need to contact its admins, 
  you are a nigger . 
  are you both happy now ? 
  i dont know if anyone noticed but the room name is 1408 . 
  thats a pretty cool detail, 
  did anyone manage to actually try some of the incomplete courses ? 
  i wanted to do so many things , but all of them directed me back to japanese , and the first lesson in hiragana would not open . 
  mage is a synonym for wizard and sorcerer in the english language , and mana is a maori term for storage of power , which had many words of origin from different cultures for the same thing ( ki , chakra , etc ) . 
  if you want something new and fresh i suggest you stop looking for words to describe the same concepts and start thinking of your own . 
  whats your mom 's mental state like now ? 
  maybe start with this wiki page and see if it takes you in any particular direction : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_occult_terms, 
  if that helped bring up the duck 's mood , then it was not originally depressed , it was just sad or down , and the author doesnt have a very clear grasp on what depression is in reality . 
  oh well , i was angry beyond belief when i lost my 160 + streak due to a mistake , but then i realized after a while that its not a competition nor a marker of your knowledge or anything at all for that matter . 
  its just a tool to help you not slack off and stay on track , so dont worry about it . 
  it would not be well if that cock was only kidding, 
  does it have a word for when you feel like you want to poop but you get on the toilet and realize you actually dont wan na, 
  i actually love that one . 
  it sounds a bit danish . 
  may i ask where did you get the inspiration for a word like that ? 
  you must really like your sister, 
  hereditary diseases are at an increased risk of occurring the closer the relative is . 
  thats about the only reason , and a pretty important one in my opinion . 
  the best one was the butthurt guy who found it extremely offensive, 
  how does something like that happen ? 
  keep it up mate, 
  i just have a question , how exactly do you make a consonant between x and h ? 
  they are made in completely different areas of your mouth . 
  is there a living language example of such a combination ? 
  other than that , i think its pretty nice . 
  a bit strange that you dont have voiced consonants , but kind of cool and unique in the same way , 
  i see , after a minute of doing ridiculous tongue dances , i finally figured out a perfect balance between x and h and thought `` wow , this guy is a genius , no one would ever think of a consonant this damn hard to pronounce '' but haha i guess i didnt know what the squiggly line means, 
  cutting up the gizzard , is heard, 
  those ` soft th ' and ` hard th ' sounds have a name and a symbol , theyre called voiceless [ \u03b8 ] and voiced [ \u00f0 ] dental fricatives . 
  i know not everyone is a linguist here , but you seem to be having a very tough time explaining what you want to say , so maybe this would help, 
  he explains how he licks the vagina , except instead of vagina he calls it ` gregor ' , and both the hostess and the cameraman laugh their asses off, 
  no , but they have plans for croatian instead . 
  source is that leaked mod page a while back, 
  do take a few notes before you click , first of all , as soon as it went public the mods made unreachable that what had even a little progress it in , and second, 
  do not log in, 
  here you go : https://incubator-testbed.duolingo.com/, 
  i like this very much , could someone put this in an example so i could know how to use it ? 
  haha yes im sure , english pirate was designed specifically to teach us the language of the indigenous somali english speakers we often find on torrent sites, 
  and ignite the fire, 
  what about the figure ? 
  this is not a game , this is evil in a form of a flash program,
