  well , here 's what i would do :, 
  if she wants time away from you , its probably for your own good to get as far away from a person like that as quickly as possible before it gets bad . 
  so i would let her do what she wants to do , and if it exaggerates to love or even sex , i 'd break off with her as soon as possible . 
  but even so , if she feels like it was wrong and claims that she doesnt know what has gotten into her ( perhaps even after the love phase ) , then i would take her back , but only if she promises that she had learned her lesson and realizes that what she has done was bad . 
  so you have that option . 
  another solution would be to deal with it like an alpha macho instead of carefully and have a long as open as possible talk with just the 3 of you . 
  but that wouldnt do anything drastic in my opinion , and would most likely lead to my first solution . 
  hope i helped, 
  i wouldnt give a shit about her swinging back and forth either . 
  oh come on dude , thats a kids band , have you ever listened to a kids band before ? 
  these guys are awesome compared to some of the other kids that `` play in a band '', 
   drugs and prostitution legalized , crime disappears overnight, 
  im sorry , but isnt that a paradox ? 
  do you want to kill something ? 
  med student , finally something that i can answer and at the same time cant , since the question is sort of not that great . 
  i mean , you cant `` learn '' natural reflexes , the best thing you can do is stop immediately whatever you are doing , close your eyes and breathe slowly and powerfully in and out . 
  also , if you have a heart condition , consult a doctor , not reddit . 
  5.5 , im personally not a fan of short hair and about 4-5 kg should come off . 
  5-10 , the averagest, 
  can i enter hollywood undead if i wear one of those ? 
  its nice that you posted an after-surgery picture . 
  i love gore with happy endings . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've seen a beard this thin . 
  its like he 's growing lichen on his neck . 
  good god , the bottom right guy reminded me of myself for a moment there ... 
  it made me consider shaving off my beard ... even though i really think it doesnt look bad at all, 
  6/10 honestly , just a tad above average , but nothing special, 
  try to force a nerdier look , as geeky as possible , im sure it would fit you perfectly and you would improve your rating to some extent, 
  when this question gets reposted at least once in two months . 
  mmmmhhh ... literally the best feeling ever ... 
  looks like a typical montenegrin woman, 
  why did you put only one `` normal '' picture , and two of them with sunglasses on ? 
  am i supposed to rate the glasses on the last two ? 
  first one was 6.5 / 10 , you have very high potential to be beautiful , but its like you arent doing much about it . 
  nice to see that they are recovering from their performance at the world cup at least . 
  it looks like one of those shitty drawings that retarded kids post on devart . 
  od kojih par vec vidim u komentarima , onda bi to bio [ ovaj lik ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/skallagrimnilsson ) , i obavezno [ ovo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucia9judnkvmyc4smqtxcwqg ), 
  in serbian , we call that ` zimnica ', 
  one thing i noticed on reddit is that a `` what '' , or `` what the fuck '' after somebody 's extremely weird statement makes people almost always burst into laughter . 
  i think that literally everything is perfect about you except your eyebrows . 
  they just look like they dont belong on your face . 
  nice selfie , really, 
  8/10 , but not marry . 
  something smells fishy and im not sure what it is . 
  its nice that you have quantity in pictures , but you should really find some better ones, 
  you would look sad and insecure too if you had no eyelashes, 
  maybe you are just too desperate ? 
  you know , having very bad luck and ending up single at such age . 
  or stuff like that . 
  well there is no reason for you to appear desperate then , i think . 
  if you want an honest and faithful relationship , you can just chill around okcupid or the local bar , average joes can sometimes be very easy to find given enough time , or at least thats what i think . 
  desperation will only lead you further away . 
  well in my case , its fairly easy to be 100 % honest with girls and give them all the constructive criticism they need . 
  thats what i believe i am meant to do . 
  i also rate guys that are good looking and give them constructive criticism , telling them what in my opinion would look better from another male 's point of view . 
  they deserve it i guess . 
  but here 's the thing , i have absolutely no idea what to do when a dude looks moderately attractive or average ugly . 
  i cant just tell him `` oh dont worry , you have very beautiful eyes and truly wonderful hair im sure girls would love you '' , because inside im all like '' ... : s. . . wtf am i doing ... '' . 
  it feels uncomfortable , and i am not ready to get all touchy with those feelings towards another guy , mainly because of a feeling of respect . 
  now i want to see the `` avengers assemble '' gif and i cant find it : /, 
  i dont know dude , i have a rabbit , and this bug seems to manifest itself at random times . 
  you might be right , but it could be that the code for rabbits is just lazily written , who knows . 
  maybe you people should reconsider your scientific orientations . 
  memrise.com for starters, 
  you know , after looking at it , i must say you sure have a very nice memory , considering you 've seen a couple of years ago . 
  u la la !, 
  7/10 would annex you and make you surrender . 
  should have answered `` no , its just gon na drive off '', 
  hah , well i 'd think that it 'd be a completely unnecessary thing to add in a conlang by anyone , but at the same time interesting and fun to play with , since youre already experimenting . 
  the dude has a bigger butt than her, 
  for some reason , i imagine it must be a mormon party . 
  diarrhea , gastrointestinal diseases , tunak tunak , why this kolaveri di , more diseases related to drinking water from ganges, 
  hebrew the only read language ever resurrected in the entire human history . 
  my respect . 
  as a serb , i found it very strange that his name is ` dejano ' . 
  we have a name ` dejan ' , and i have never seen ` dejano ' , nor does anything come up when i google the name . 
  it could be that he is just playing a joke and his actual name is dejan . 
  you posted * in the wrong sub , go to / r/staindinghereirealized, 
  yes you should , you know you want to , i dont even understand why you had to ask, 
  it is said from a medical perspective that developing motor skills on the non-dominant hemisphere slowly over time actually increases your overall intelligence and other cognitive abilities . 
  too bad i cant specify which ones exactly , since i am a very bad student . 
  you are absolutely right, 
  good god , i remember saving this picture to my `` funny '' folder some 6 years ago , i think . 
  good times . 
  also , old pic, 
  op , please explain this picture, 
  erotic educational literature, 
  9.5 / 10 , so little missing to be 10/10 ... 
  do you mean rate the cap ? 
  i didnt mean that you are missing something , i just wanted to say that you are so very close to 10/10 , but at the same time not really a complete 10, 
  i think you should , i dont think purple looks good on your face , * everyone has a style that seems better or worse . 
  but thats just my preference . 
  if you want to stay colourful , i suggest red perhaps . 
  absolutely nothing wrong with your appearance, 
  many would probably dislike my opinion , but i liked you better when you were heavier . 
  the reason to that is because you had some nice curves and a very nice ass , and now you are just thinner , with your curves gone . 
  or at least thats how it looks like from the angle of this picture . 
  i suggest you dont work on adding or losing weight , but instead on gaining definition ( curves ), 
  what a coincidence , i started reading monster musume recently too , believe it or not , its because that one guy posted it on / r/manga . 
  ya 'll best agree that miia is the best wife .
