  or if the difference is like , 20 or 30 years . 
  i almost had a deja vu right now and i have no idea why . 
  for some reason i checked the comments section to see if anyone wrote `` the key or making funny youtube videos is the element of surprise '' or some similar shit like that . 
  i dont even know how i came up with that . 
  deja vu-s are scary . 
  i would , but i dont think she 'd be eager for the kind of coke i want to give her . . 
  you mean this isnt the original song ? 
  well holy fuck , i hope its swedish, 
  what are your plans for later on in life ? 
  `` tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk !!! '', 
  what about swedish though . 
  i have my rights and i want swedish, 
  for me the thing that pisses me off the most is when i make a mistake either because im too tired or when i make a typo , and i lose a heart . 
  i never noticed until now just how badly i type . 
  in a way duolingo helped me learn to make a lot less mistakes when i type , and im thankful for that , but also very very angry . 
  i think everybody wants that , but it doesnt have to be what everybody * needs *, 
  im sure i saw this technique in devil may cry, 
  i check every day too ... and i cry evrytiem, 
  yes you are , is there anything else you want ? 
  i sense a strong amount of psychological projection in his words, 
  becomes \u00c5landed, 
  yeah it could , but the top comment by / u/wesleykin is still the best advice, 
  that was a really funny sentence , but i really wish swedish was out . 
  really . . hehe ... what a. . . strange coincidence ... 
  i promise im not a swedish spy or anything !, 
  whoever drew this didnt take into consideration that he most likely wasnt bald during his life , since he shaved his head only to be able to fool tenzin 's family . 
  please mods , you keep saying how youre gon na ban this kind of shit , but it still keeps happening . 
  yes but i would assume that he didnt because he didnt know he was an airbender until the two worlds united . 
  instead he could have had that ` regular ' hairstyle for all i know . 
  this is what it truly means to be a slav, 
  i love the music at the end . 
  as if it ended like a happy fairy tale . 
  you guys are just the best \u2665, 
  thats called a bulla , and it contains a liquid that is almost identical to your serum , unlike a zit that contains pus . 
  popping it would not be very nice . 
  mansa musa died in year 1337, 
  whales are mammals and therefore wont die above water , because thats how they breathe anyway . 
  serbia here , my town isnt very nice , you wouldnt want to see it, 
  maybe his mom was grossed out and didnt wan na touch that shit, 
  this is most likely a lie, 
  hehe , alright then , let me introduce you to ni\u0161 . 
  first let me show you the nicer part of ni\u0161 , this is the ` tvr\u0111ava ' ( literally means fortress ) , one of our greatest landmarks , which stands on the coat of arms of our town : http://serbiathroughamericaneyes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/nis-serbia.jpg, 
  then here is the ' \u0106ele kula ' ( meant ` skull tower ' in medieval serbian ) , outside : http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/29690388.jpg , and inside : http://tejiendoelmundo.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/monumento_macabro.jpg . 
  a little backstory about it ; it contains the heads of i believe about 500 serbian men who rebelled against their turkish occupators , which was supposed to serve as a demoralizing factor for the population , yet the legends say that it sparked an even greater rebellion . 
  then we have the monument of bubanj ( bubanj means drum btw , though in this case , it is the name of the place ) , these gigantic three fists were raised in memorial to the innocent children and women killed during wwii : https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3107/4564594292_7e5faff770_z.jpg, 
  i hope you liked that , now for the parts that i dont like , we have these uncleaned streets for example : http://www.blic.rs/data/images/2010-10-04/79162_nis1-u-ulici-djuke-dinic-djubre-na-sve-strane_orig.jpg?ver=1286204137 . 
  that one is , if i am not mistaken , the entrance to the main bus station in my town . 
  like , hello ... !? 
  a freaking central bus station looks like it could be easily mistaken for an indian slum . 
  and this is not the only example , the streets are like , being cleaned once in a week or two . 
  next , we have a fucking ` cigan mala ' on several places in the town ( there most likely isnt a word in english for this , so lets just call it a ` gypsy habitat ' ) . 
  i couldnt find a picture of the ones we have in , but here is how a typical one looks like , no difference : http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/64927576.jpg , and believe my words , these places actually exist right in the middle of a normal looking town . 
  thats it for my virtual tour , hope you enjoyed \u30fb \u0c6a \u30fb . 
  i wasnt really trying to put a bad name on my town , i just wish people would care to at least try to change something , it really has the potential to be a beautiful town , though that doesnt change the fact that i love it very much . 
  *** sorry for editing , i realized i made a lot of typos . 
  yo , i replied to another dude about the landmarks in my town and other stuff , check it out in the thread in case you want to see . 
  a youtuber . 
  who lived 4000 years ago . 
  you 've probably never heard of him . 
  i do not have a question for you , i would just like to remind you that you are not nordic nor will you ever be . 
  i remember when i first read the pooping bandit , great times . 
  honestly , it does deserve to be in the eternal hall of fame . 
  simple and interesting, 
  i am so totally using this when an occasion for it shows up . 
  this is the first time , i 've seen my language on this sub , though i had n't been here for too long , but nonetheless , i am very happy . 
  is anybody here learning serbian and would want to be tested out ? 
  no , that one is actually true , and not only that , but interestingly enough , the number of serbs outside the country surpasses the number inside . 
  but you see the problem is that these migrations took place some 50 years ago ( maybe ) , which is some three generations ago , and most of these people dont identify themselves as serbs anymore , nor do they know how to speak the language . 
  haha , well first of all , it is ` ja u\u010dim ' . 
  ` ja sam nau\u010dio ' means ' i have learned ' , and i suppose you wanted to say ' i am learning ' . 
  i could help you in case you have a couple of questions or need someone to test your skills , for you see , i am sick and off uni * this week , so i guess you could say it is not a very interesting week for me . 
  message me in case you wan na talk . 
  stomach is the first thing that came to my mind . 
  i also added a couple of people from this thread , since im in need of someone to follow too . 
  in case anyone likes the languages i study ( or the profile pic of my bunny ) , you can follow me too . 
  i am ` wladamac ' , exactly like my reddit username . 
  what is even more interesting than that , for me , is the fact that he takes the next picture is supposedly worse and bleaker weather for a full depressing effect . 
  duo the crime novel enthusiast, 
  he might be a little retarded, 
  mine too , but from the image quality, 
  in my opinion , youtube comments without reddit armie posts are the lowest kind of shit . 
  are those really female ? 
  well what should be interesting to you guys is that in serbia , we have a thing called ** \u0160atrova\u010dki ** , which is on the list of a few * natural constructed languages * . 
  it is basically a way of talking , which uses these ` inverted words ' , and im not sure i can post it in this sub , since we do not have a word for these ` verlans ' , we just have a word describes the act of using them as if it were a language . 
  i know , man, 
  i have the same problem . 
  i didnt really count which stage it is , but at some point , i stop growing apples , and no matter how hard i try , i literally cant get past that level . 
  has anyone found a solution yet ? 
  did anyone beat the game . . ? 
  can you please tell me what happens in the end , and most importantly , what happens to the young witch ? 
  edit : i would have stopped playing this laggy and unbalanced game completely , but i wan na know what happens to the young witch ; _ ;, 
  bionicles, 
  ahem . . if i could not start a fight that would be nice , but ... miia is the best girl, 
  kebab = gyros , not the same as :, 
  \u0107evap - barbequed minced meat, 
  i want more pictures like these . 
  where do you get them ? 
  fucking japs and their crooked teeth, 
  i am so using that sentence when the occasion pops up, 
  holy shit , are you trying to tell me that with duolingo and just a little bit of extra on the side of it , you can pass a b2 ?
