  also , `` we searched through `` obscure '' forums and websites , until we found the `` expert '' who could explain how the `` hacking '' was done, 
  too bad there was only slow-mo , dont these people know you have to put real time speed first and * then * slow-mo . 
  jeez ... 
  you !, 
  i added you from a previous * thread like this . 
  how the hell do you find time to make 1200xp per week ? 
  how many hours per day are you exactly on duolingo ? 
  i liked sexion d'assaut before i started learning french , literally not understanding a word they say, 
  that feel when youre 26 and still attached to your parents, 
  i wish there was more like this, 
  coming from a second world country , i learned only now that croissants are not supposed to be thin and empty inside : s, 
  that reminds me , i used to have a folder with dolphin vaginas, 
  i love yee more than i loved doge back when it was popular, 
  so was he a pirate or a wizard ? 
  i am confused , somebody help, 
  i like krarar the most, 
  wait , you mean sets can stop being gold . . ? 
  how often does that happen . . ? 
  i think i might be worse after all , hehe, 
  i dunno man , no matter how hot a woman is , if she types like a paraplegic or takes days to answer messages , i drop it immediately . 
  there will come a time later on in life where you will find a nicer girl who is just a cute and not technically impaired and uninterested in you . 
  man , the internet sure ruined me too, 
  i believe this is called `` killing time '' in english and other languages , but it is still cool, 
  hahaha oh gosh i choked on my chocolate while i laughed , it caught me so unexpectedly, 
   wake up in the morning because too cold, 
   live in shitty third world country, 
   wonder if i 'll have food today, 
   or if someone will shoot me, 
   remember that at least i dont leave in bulgaria, 
   get back to sleep with a smile on my face, 
  post pics, 
  i am a professional pussy scientist, 
  dumb kids, 
  listen to this comment and forget about the people advising you that smiling all the time is a good thing . 
  i studied psychology and i can tell you that euphoria ( by the definition a form of happiness without a cause ) is a pathological ( abnormal ) emotion . 
  all emotions are phenomenons that exist because of a certain cause and normally serve to lead you to act a certain way to find a balance with that cause . 
  but sometimes emotions do not function like they should and they lead to various pathological forms . 
  now , the reasons for euphoria could be various , there could be a dysfunction of the emotion itself , or an outside factor ( craving for attention ) that makes a certain person express it . 
  but all in all , as i previously said , nature gave humans emotions to solve their problems , and pathological emotions wont solve anything , so ditch what everyone else said about smiling all the time , just listen to this guy and smile when you really feel like you should . 
  but honestly , smiling is just one of the factors , if you wan na learn to socialize better , you need to learn a looot of other things too, 
  btw i hope i didnt bore too much with the psychology crap, 
  its actually a perfect sentence . 
  there is a tradition in sweden in which you need to drink 20dl of oil before your first beer at a bar ( its some very old tradition , look it up ) . 
  the sentence is actually amazing for teaching strangers how to ignore that strange custom . 
  from the genetic perspective , pretty awesome . 
  all recessive alleles that would otherwise be overlapped with another recessive from your kind are basically gone . 
  so pretty much the best combo you could get when having genes passed down . 
  there would be so many bad attempts at trolling that nobody would visit reddit from the amounts of cringe, 
  you should see a dolphin pussy , mate, 
  its almost as if someone wants a shitstorm, 
  well youre a faggot either way, 
  do you have more ? 
  i wan na watch the full video, 
  i know man , fuck them . 
  lets go ride some bikes . 
  ja sam te downvote-ovao zbog \u0459\u043e\u0459-a, 
  i have reddit gold too and i did not know it hides your pass , so cool :d, 
  lets give it a shot !, 
  username : wladamac, 
  i know a lot of people with the opposite problem, 
  pm me three, 
  what do you think the hobbits did on their journey to keep themselves entertained without any women ? 
  this could actually prove to be a good tv comedy , `` businessman vampires '', 
  it must be widely used , as it is a common fact that rarely any japanese girl has tits, 
  there 's only 3 chapters so far , and i 've read them . 
  its pretty weird, 
  there you go *, 
  why are their bodies all baloon-like ? 
  is she a native speaker ? 
  or does she speak irish with an english accent ? 
  im asking because if she is native , irish literally has the same phonetic vocabulary as english does , which is a really interesting fact . 
  i can bet that the person who wrote this does drugs from time to time, 
  what the fuck did you fucking say to me, 
  oh my gosh , if you do that in arabic , he goes at normal speed and then slows down at about 75 % of the text , creepy as hell [ @_ @ ] ( https://translate.google.com/#en/ar/dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot%20dot ), 
  which of his works is about stuff like that ? 
  i wan na read too now, 
  you should not be comparing yourself by the efficiency , for many reasons listed in the comments . 
  the only thing duo will ever need is a competition for xp , the time spent studying . 
  i 'd like to see them try, 
  you what they joke about danish , it is not a language , it is a throat infection, 
  man , the germans did it good for once, 
  soon, 
  chumma, 
  oh yes , i did not see that the producers are swedish , why are they speaking german then ? 
  the beautiful thing about indians is that the high majority ( most likely including ketan ) are in fact , believe it or not , serious, 
  it is not dank enough for your tastes ? 
  you should consider making different rooms that allow only a certain number of visitors that makes the room stable, 
  berta is my hero, 
  usually people who post in this sub never actually want their problems to really be solved , they just want other redditors to console their troubles with kinda sorta helpful advices , or their problems are just minor teenage stuff that they think is terrible . 
  rarely is there a person like you with serious problems , so this is not a place for you , visit a person who fixes problems for a living ( a therapist ), 
  also congrats on your wizardry in case you happen to be a virgin too, 
  are you indian ? 
  finally , a fellow gentlesir that understands that the woman 's sexiest feature is her brain . 
  allow me to * le tip * my fedora to you, 
  i did it with a pen but without a paper, 
  well no matter how its called , i understand what you are trying to do , and let me tell you , changing the way you usually think in your first language for the constructed one is a lot harder than you might believe , even if you are convinced you have stepped outside the box . 
  that ` confidence marker ' is a genius idea . 
  how did you come up with it ? 
  do you have any other cool ones too ? 
  im sorry if i seem like a noob for asking this , but can you tell me more about it ?
