  right ... 
  they already have that and they call it / pol /, 
  i had sex with you . 
  how are babby formed ? 
  did that dude really make that picture or did you add those letters yourself ? 
  just wondering, 
  reported for repost, 
  that is a perfect penis, 
  le tips fedora, 
  you recognize a deity amongst slavs when his adidas sign glows, 
  this is not the same kind of squatting , but still , that dude 's having it pretty impressive, 
  also , he is not the king , there is only but one i would ever vote for be king , and that is the gentleman in the white top and a cigarette on the picture above, 
  hello there , i had a similar problem in my youth though not as drastic and extreme as yours . 
  you see , when i was about 3 or 4 years old i accidentally went into the kitchen and being curious and everything , pulled down a kettle of boiling water all over my face and body . 
  i remember none of that , its as if my mind had subconsciously deleted those memories , but apparently , as my parents say , i was hospitalized for a couple of months and used a product that luckily , removed 100 % of the scars from my face and neck , and i can tell you the damage was very severe . 
  still , because i was hospitalized , and probably in bandages and stuff , im not sure why exactly , but the scars from my left upper arm about 5cm above the elbow to my shoulder never healed , possibly because my face and forearm werent at all times covered by a piece of clothing and it was easy to do so on those areas . 
  so now i am 21 and i strictly avoid wearing t-shirts with very short sleeves , also rarely ever take off my shirt , because i hate the idea of telling this story to people every single time , mostly because many dont know how to react properly and it appears as a much bigger deal than it already is . 
  though that still didnt stop me from training swimming for 2 years and stopping when went to uni . 
  but my question is : now that you 've read to my story , may i hear how you face these things ? 
  what do you do every single time a new person notices you have scars and creates a sort of a drama . 
  for example , every time that * i * see a person with something odd about them , i try to act cool about it , and dont usually ask unless its important to know , but what when like , you try to be all cool and funny about it , and someone still completely changes their viewpoint and starts behaving like you have cancer or horrible deformities and will die in 2 months . 
  i just really dont know how to act around those situations , and maybe im just overreacting or taking it too directly , but it still makes me feel uncomfortable every time i have to begin the story anew . 
  how do you , who has much worse scars , many of which are visible , deal with this ? 
  oh well thank you , thats actually very good advice . 
  also thanks for reading my story, 
  beard makes you look manlier ( every beard does ) but old , if i were a girl , i wouldnt want to date a guy that looks like a dad , while no beard makes you look young and like youre taking care about your looks, 
  your call whatever you wan na do , but i suggest no beard, 
  and what are you expecting it to say exactly ? 
  it probably says something about gay sex with 10 dudes sticking it in each other 's butts in circles . 
  i dont even know whats funny anymore and whats not after a time on this sub , so i just started laughing to everything, 
  do almost-changes count ? 
  in that case , it would be reddit 's almost-change to remove upvotes and downvotes and instead put a percentage of people liking the post . 
  i dont really give a damn about other websites , they can do whatever i want , but i couldnt bear reddit doing this to us . 
  penis + vagina, 
  so is he like living in russia or something , or are we south slavs just nice enough to be considered russian ? 
  rip off your shirt , jump on the nearest table , scream from the top of your lungs and shout `` diiiiiiiiiick '', 
  he would be flattered, 
  well for me , i wish i slept less . 
  some people i know sleep for 5 hours and feel completely rested , i sleep 10 and cant get much work done . 
  im super pissed about that . 
  i wish there was a way to sleep less and still feel rested . 
  thats not a very good drawing of seth rogen , at least not his face , the artist still needs to practice, 
  i know how to use imgur , thank you very much, 
  a comment not related to the context of what you wrote , but to your username . 
  did you intentionally make it spell out `` ju '' in binary code , or is it just a coincidence in which you typed random numbers ? 
  kind of wondering ... 
  what a gentleman, 
  i especially like the part where he buys cosmetics . 
  im sure that would have been a great joke , like :, 
  `` excuse me , do you have anything for rotten flesh , i think i have worms in my thigh '', 
  i think the slug is supposed to represent the neckbeard hitting on her or something, 
  maybe your friend is just an enormous wuss, 
  god damn it , i want to be an internet legend of johnny depp secretly creating youtube accounts to mess with people , just like we have that legend of bill murray that eats a cigarette and says `` nobody will ever believe you '', 
  he of course , created all those youtube accounts and agreed with the ~ ~ theory ~ ~ hypothesis . 
  in fact , johnny depp is actually 16 % of youtube . 
  also known as the `` transcended level '' of the beard, 
  * le * beta is a matter of attitude , * le * fedora is a matter of choice, 
  nonetheless , this not `` what the fuck '' . 
  say whatever you want about this comment , but you only liked because it was shocking , there is nothing unexplainably surprising or hard to understand about it . 
  reminds me of how it was in serbia a couple of months ago . 
  and thank god i lived in the south , i couldnt imagine how it must have been to voyvodina . 
  bless us with your dark protein powers, 
  and usa, 
  you look like a cool guy . 
  i dont know dude , i think # 3 is the best , with a little grooming and styling from there on , it could turn out to be a lady killer . 
  i think that by looking at your dark eye circles , its pretty apparent that you wear make up a lot . 
  my advice is that you go out more into the sun without make up on . 
  kinda , but not very in my opinion , second and first picture have potential only, 
  about three fiddy , or maybe 20, 
  that is why i always abuse this whenever i plan on posting an opinion that disagrees with the topic . 
  pretty dangerous that it actually works , but not in the sense that you get upvoted like crazy , just that you dont get downvoted below 0 , or at least it was like that for me . 
  its not nice to discuss which country has the ugliest people , but yes , sweden might very well be # 1 in prettiest . 
  well what surprised me most was when i was about 3 years old and found out that girls dont have weewees . 
  my entire perspective about girls has changed since then . 
  i think that hippos and indians could be great friends . 
  is it really pronounced like ` jew ' in english or is that guy just speech impaired ? 
  i always thought it would be like [ dyu ], 
  for me , it was remembering which noun is - ett , and which - en . 
  pronounciation maybe too . 
  but thats it , really, 
  heh , dude , literally every language has idioms . 
  if those were the hardest parts in swedish , then that means everything else was too easy . 
  also thanks on the feedback about the genders , that makes things a loot easier for me . 
  no , im not native english and am seriously asking that question, 
  well to be honest , i have no idea , i gave you a 5 because i thought you looked as average as it could get , other than that , i think youre doing pretty well already as it is . 
  also , dont hate your smile , a smile looks good on every person . 
  5.5 / 10 you, 
  3/10 frog, 
  brunette suits you better, 
  7/10 on first three , 9/10 on the last one , no idea why that particular one hit me so hard, 
  4.5 / 10 or 6.5 / 10 , im really having a hard time rating ... 
  3 before, 
  6.5 after, 
  girls post their best looking ( many of which filtered ) images with excessive make up from naturally sexy angles and then ask to get rated and then later on are happy that they got good compliments . 
  this should not be allowed in here , what is the purpose then , its not like you look like this 24/7, 
  and also , what does it really mean to you to know where you stand with things like that , what was the purpose of posting , to find compliments about how nice you look with make-up on ? 
  4/10 , ignore people who post anything above the average 5 , i think it is pretty apparent that you need to lose weight . 
  that said , you 'd probably be a 7-9 , just like a comment somewhere in here said as well, 
  not the bangs , never . 
  first was only average 5 , third was the 5.5 perhaps , but you should probably experiment with different hairstyles or hair colours more , i think this can be made a lot better than it already is,
