  what do you mean you may be all wrong , you are the one who posted the picture , are you saying youre not sure what the joke is either ? 
  about 5 i think . 
  not really sure about the exact rating , so i will give it a pure average, 
  hnnnnggg ... im gon na give you an 8 , i dont give a shit that everything above 7 is undervoted , this is totally worthy of an 8 for me . 
  perhaps grow a beard if you can . 
  one of those cool rugged beards . 
  beards are like , the universal improvement suggestions when it comes to male advices . 
  try it out , doubt it will fail though . 
  4.5 / 10 perhaps, 
  5.5 / 10 kinda average-y for me, 
  so white basically ? 
  you didnt happen to fap to [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/bfcok ) , did you ? 
  i would not forgive you if you did, 
  op , perhaps you should tell us what is the exact problem , meditation or religion are indeed good ideas , but it really depends on what kind of a person you are and what is bothering you . 
  wan na share some of your thoughts with us ? 
  i dont care how you could not have known , sometimes there are just things you dont know . 
  but op , how in the world did you manage to not know precisely 50 % and also calculate it ? 
  that is so very amazing . 
  thank you , jesus, 
  i le accept your challenge !, 
  this is the nicest funny video ever, 
  was it a raid from 4chan ? 
  i wouldnt go for anything light . 
  i think that it just doesnt suit you . 
  both red and black were okay . 
  if i may make a remark , the make up does nothing much to improve your looks in your case , i suggest you rely on and nurture your natural beauty . 
  8/10 from me, 
  well alright . . 
  as much as i do , i should tell you that you better rub something into it at this stadium . 
  did you know that the new iphone is microwave powered ? 
  i just saw it and i cant believe my eyes . 
  try it out when you buy it . 
  then i dont fucking know , perhaps he should try rubbing garbage onto it to stimulate bacterial growth . 
  `` was ist * dies * '' maybe ? 
  hey , i just found out about this sub today , so forgive me if im a month late . 
  looks like we had a similar fate , except mine was done with boiling water , i accidentally pulled a handle while my mom was cooking . 
  also , it is my [ left arm ] ( http://i.imgur.com/und0wp4.jpg?1 ) , not my right arm , and the scars look different . 
  perhaps by combining our scarred arms we could make a full scarred body . 
  orrrr ... combine our normal arms and make a normal body , i dont know how its supposed to go . 
  i didnt know about this forum :o, 
  nor about that grammar rule ... 
  thanks a lot dude !, 
  red i think , and yes , sexy , very . 
  oh , is he still alive ? 
  are you people fucking kidding me , is there really a super weird ending , or is the ending the part where / v / looks away and it just goes around in a loop . 
  i keep waiting forever like a retard thinking something would happen, 
  :o :o :o, 
  6.5 / 10 , average in a nice way , if it makes you feel better i think you look pretty as it is already . 
  perhaps someone else will have a better suggestion, 
  9/10 easily, 
  well to be honest , it kinda does, 
  le butte \u2122 xd, 
  10/10 , my king, 
  yes , and now i speak fluent cactus . 
  awesome website . 
  the first thing i ever googled was probably rabbit pictures . 
  but i didnt know how a rabbit in english was called back then so i typed the serbian `` zec '' . 
  what was the first thing you googled ? 
  * can you recall perhaps ? 
  do not sit on cold concrete . 
  you will later on die a horrible death . 
  our grandmas had it all figured out . 
  some things arent allowed by the rules of a certain language . 
  but everything is allowed by a human mind, 
  i must thank you for that advice as well . 
  how are you satisfied with your life in nigeria ? 
  could you please give a bit longer description from your personal point of view ? 
  it has been irritating me for awhile , and i finally stopped reading bleach in the middle of this chapter and will swear never to read it again . 
  goodbye sweet prince . 
  for me , you will always be the best anime and will have ended when aizen was defeated . 
  i shouldnt have pushed myself into reading a dead manga past its true ending . 
  is his name kenny ? 
  well not too ugly op , you are definitely above average , probably a 6/10 now, 
  is the irony that the date is at the same time as the premiere of book 4 legend of korra ? 
  and that nobody will be seeing korra because of this . 
  our god knows how to preserve his followers . 
  come back with better pictures, 
  3/10 , 3rd picture 4/10, 
  5/10 , super average, 
  post pics without make up if you want us to rate features, 
  a lot better , perhaps 6, 
  you could technically marry both of them and have threesomes whenever you want . 
  does that sound like a possible option ? 
  faget, 
  i have a better idea . 
  it is not a serious anime , no terrorists nor cdc , its a comedy sketch in which there is a really cute girl that tries hard to love everyone , but everyone she touches gets a high fever and starts bleeding from the holes and eventually dies . 
  taste the blood , taste your fate, 
  swallow your pride with your hate, 
  i like that one much better, 
  mirror or alternate link please ? 
  i cant reach it anymore, 
  i dont know what most of these girls are talking about , when i get horny , i dont feel any warmth or itchiness , that just seems disgusting . 
  what i want when i get horny is a damn huge cock inside me , preferably of every guy on reddit , and i will even do anal with those that like my comment . 
  fuck i got so horny right now, 
  could anyone recommend me something along the lines of devil may cry or metal gear solid ? 
  im not really looking for classical or light stuff , i just basically want something ** energetic ** to listen to, 
  its nice that you have many pictures , but it would be even better if they werent filtered or in the dark . 
  based on this i can only give you about 6 + / -1, 
  body 9/10, 
  face 6/10 , reason : looks rectangular,
