  you know what else is hard, 
  unidan 's penis, 
  awwwieeee !!, 
  good god , that is adorable, 
  does that technically make you an archwizard now ? 
  such epic, 
  very like it, 
  wow, 
  all hail the mighty wordsmith, 
  african american, 
  very handsome, 
  g..grandson-kun , d. . do you want to have a taste of my sour cherry pie ... ? 
  maybe you should return to where you last saw it before you dropped it, 
  burn the kid some dubbed dvds in the desired language and let it watch cartoons ( or play video games or stuff like that ) . 
  i dunno man , you look a little younger , at least 2 years, 
  it really hurt my heart when i saw him crying in the 2nd picture . . 
  it should go away by the time you hit puberty , so dont worry about it, 
  jason li is a retard, 
  literally , from pissing on the floor , letting dog shit rot , keeping nude pictures around , this is the only thing that got me the incredibly disgusted . . 
  dear god ... 
  so nothing specific happens if you win ? 
  guess youre not such an idiot after all, 
  well at least he preserved the tendon of peroneus tertius . 
  if that means anything to him , that is . 
  just imagine how many nerves or blood vessels he severed on the top side . . 
  stuff thats not allowed to be shown on google . 
  nothing deep and mystical about it , its literally stuff that should normally stay banned , for the most part of it, 
  lol , that first comment `` this woman clearly has diseases '', 
  well no shit, 
  make sure you get that covered up , as well as the sperm count and stuff , if you ever decide to do an ama , just a reminder, 
  even better . 
  im never again going to write anything ever again about marijuana . 
  whenever someone says `` its good '' or `` its bad '' , im just going to slowly walk away from that conversation, 
  for fuck 's sake ... 
  in serbocroatian its `` materica '' , but we can sometimes call it `` utroba '' , which means intestines/guts as well, 
  serb here , i can help you . 
  but you should tell me where youre from first , so i could know how much similarity your native language has to serbocroatian . 
  also , in my experience of language learning , if you use only one book , you are never going to get anywhere at a pace you desire . 
  so i recommend you start off learning vocabulary with memrise and if you reply back , i can send you websites that have detailed grammar and a torrent ( unless you live in germany of some shit ) with at least a hundred classroom books in . pdf , to go along with it . 
  you should learn it much faster that way, 
  http://ielanguages.com/croatian.html#top ( croatian , but the differences are minimal ), 
  just a note i will have to give you , i was looking over and over and have unfortunately not found one website with grammar explained in detail to the very core ( its not a very popular language ) , but these are good as well , so my suggestion is that you run through all of them without concentrating too much at once and try to understand it for yourself . 
  also , this probably might be helpful, 
  replied to op , check back on the thread, 
  well , exactly how there is this one common cell that divided into prokaryotes and eukaryotes , and thus that one specific little cell later literally created everything else today , the higgs boson did the same to every atom or whatever in the universe . 
  it kind of makes sense if you consider the big bang to be like cell division , except in physics, 
  oh well , then i guess i understood that wrong as well , i swear i read this one article that explains how the higgs boson created all of space or something , who knows which one it was now . 
  thank you for replying to me and telling me otherwise, 
  first comment explains it all, 
  poor girl probably had to switch town and change her name from all the shame, 
  and here i was thinking `` fromage de les pieds '' ... `` leg cheese '' . . what could that mean . . is it a phrase or some stupid name . . ? 
  and then i saw it ... 
  this , i wanted to type this , but i still checked the comments to see if someone had already said it . 
  i wouldnt have explained it better than you did, 
  damn , when you put it like that , doge looks like captain komamura from bleach . 
  i totally have the bestest idea for the next funny picture , but im too lazy to do it myself in photoshop, 
  im 11 and what is this, 
  im just curious , where did you get these stats from , and do they apply to the whole world or just europe , usa , europe + usa or stuff like that, 
  edit : nevermind , it was already explained and i missed it when looking over the comments, 
  have you heard about le new meme , dog ? 
  do you like it ? 
  if that is the case then i want to believe that some day lemaymaycoin will become a reality as well . 
  i would invest so much in that ... 
  i dont really understand what happened , can anyone explain please ? 
  the way he constructed his sentence makes me wonder if he is german or something, 
  well . . the dude is right , technically ... 
  the only problem is how he put it into words, 
  but i dont disagree with him at all, 
  rest of the body ( by itself , so excluding tits ) 7.5 / 10, 
  7/10 definitely, 
  get rid of the underbelly , its disrupting the perfect line running down your anterior, 
  7.5 / 10 , would pick up chicks with, 
  not at all like that , maybe if it were bigger it would be cool and catchy , but not like that, 
  about 4.5 / 10 maybe, 
  6/10 , do something about the acne thingy or whatever that is , im not really sure , other than that all seems to be cool, 
  6 probably, 
  8.5 , dont cut your hair , most people arent lucky enough to have strong hair like that, 
  i wonder how your back 's like if your arms are like that, 
  6/10 kinda looking douchy, 
  8/10 , awesome deleted photos , i especially liked that deleted one, 
  haircut looks good , now grow a beard and your transformation shall be complete, 
  i 'd have to say something between 1st and 2nd for hairlength , and definitely 1st in beard , other than that 6.5 / 10 by itself, 
  6/10 you kind of resemble my biology teacher, 
  5/10 you are not exactly ugly , so as about as average as it can get, 
  6/10 car, 
  6.5 / 10 left dude, 
  4.5 / 10 right dude, 
  3/10 nature , you guys could have found a better place to take a photo, 
  6/10 , 24 years, 
  but no seriously 5.5, 
  just keep up the work in the gym and its all gon na be cool, 
  hello =  m'lady, 
  saying hello back to someone =  friendzoned again, 
  what is your favourite type of poop ? 
  if that elephant were human , im sure it would be swedish, 
  * le tips fedora *, 
  damn i love audiomachine, 
   you can be `` sexy '' in hobo clothing, 
  immediately thought of [ brother sharp ] ( http://chic.se/files/2010/03/brother-sharp-china-434x289.jpg ), 
  hyperd ** o ** ntia , also i 've seen worse cases than this,
