  they are barely able to get you to a1 level . 
  your best option is to hope you have someone in the town where you live who can tutor you , while you use www.memrise.com for support in faster learning . 
  god bless you , first world people . 
  thank you . 
  youre the first one thats ever taken notice of it since i created my account * \u25d4 \u25e1 \u25d4, 
  you are my spicy curry , the tech support of my life \u2665, 
  words in english that end with the latin masculine - us are acceptable both in the english plural and the latin plural , but english plural is more common and the largely preferred one . 
  i decided on reading the comments before i watched the episode , and after reading that i was just like '' ... what the fucking fuck ... '' . 
  but now i guess it all makes sense . 
  im not sure what this is , but its really cool, 
  anon is the hand of god , the dark messiah . 
  that was so funny yet so painful to watch, 
  do you think that just because they dont want to get laid with you , they dont want to get laid at all ? 
  or that everyone who wants to look nice consequently wants to get laid ? 
  i dont want to seem like im arguing , and know that i wasnt one of the people who downvoted your comment . 
  honestly i am fully against downvoting anything that goes against one 's opinions , and its one of the downsides for reddit , but oh well . 
  i would just like to tell you that you should point it out a bit more clearly next time you make a sarcastic comment , and dont act so smug when people dont understand top anything , not just sarcasm . 
  its obviously not for the reddit karma , who gives a shit about that , its about avoiding unnecessary shit from other users . 
  congratulations on that question , man, 
  did you and the teacher ever get it on ? 
  these wounds they will not heal : , (, 
  i always thought that in order for you to have abilities like that , you 'd need to live in a different reality , with a very different set of universal rules and laws . 
  that way , its more or less up to your imagination based on how you create the laws of that world . 
  for me , creating a set of boundaries by bent scientific laws is much more fun than making magic be a contradiction to the already existing ones . 
  however , i dont have anything in particular in mind right now , just a random bunch of scattered ideas that i dont think are worth sharing . 
  also , your english is fine , but it should be ha ** rr ** y potter, 
  i think you mean, 
   twf no anime faggot gf, 
  good god , man , your browsing history was kind of ... surprising . 
  dont you have any real hobbies ? 
  im not sure i understand the question right , could you specify in which way exactly do you mean different ? 
  for me , there is that feeling , for example , when you want to say something in one of the languages and you think ` oh shoot , there is no adjective for that in this language ' , and you have to improvise and think of another way to say it . 
  or sometimes you have to rephrase your entire sentence , basically making the same opinion and thought being expressed in a different way , and you think to yourself ` wow , i cant believe how different that was , and yet it was the same thing ' . 
  ** also , its so funny and weird when you begin by phrasing a sentence according to the rules of the language , and then the way that sentence was constructed influences the next part from your train of thoughts , and when you compare your writings in two languages , sometimes its like it was written by different people , just because the languages have different sets of rules, 
  that would be my worst nightmare if i were drunk at a house party, 
  should have, 
  no , but it makes you morbidly curious, 
  \u010cuvari means guardians in serbocroatian . 
  its a nice coincidence . 
  they love it here and say its the best time they 've ever had, 
  some of i 'm ways to seduce people are to not suck at basic english, 
  im sure you 'll hook up with a nice curvy , transgender , nurse dad one day, 
  how old are you ? 
  is that some dj or breakdancing move ? 
  if you want to survive in russia , dont drive, 
  apparently i didnt if the sea is the key , i thought it was because of laponia and santa claus , may i know why ? 
  in case youre collecting stuff like this , let me add belgrade if * you didnt know , it means ` white town ' in serbian . 
  any idea why ? 
  do the french think maghrebi women are sexier than theirs ? 
  man , i dunno , i mean , this has some potential to be funny, 
  is everyone so overwhelmed by the girl 's cuteness that they arent noticing that the guy behind him is groping his thigh ? 
  there are a lot of females characters i like so i cant make up my mind , but the only male character i 'd ever go gay for was 25th bam as [ jue viole grace ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/towerofgod/images/f/f6/violevslove.png/revision/latest?cb=20120515130148 ), 
  you could go vice versa with that and make the paki flag a flag of muslim india . 
  oh , you mean like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rj96a.jpg ) ? 
  i really must agree with you because i can relate to personal experience . 
  however , the difference with me is just that i was neither exceptionally smart nor talented in what i wanted to do , i just really really liked it , and that interest pushed me on until i realized that 80 % of what you do in university is shit you 'll forget by the time you start working . 
  but as you say , most people wont back out because whatever you rely on * , whether you have igh intellect , talent , or simply curiosity , or neither except sheer willpower , you 'll pull through . 
  it only fucks up people who have their expectations sky high . 
  i have a much better idea , how about you learn about the rest of the world instead ? 
  does this work for senses only ? 
  could you link colours or sounds to something other than senses , like for instance emotions ? 
  i dont mean link them like you do regularly , for example when a sad song makes you sad , or the colour red reminds you of blood and therefore rage , i mean more precisely and profoundly , in the same way that your senses interact . 
  do you really need an explanation for this ? 
  once you understand what the term ` social construct ' means , you should be able to realize that it can not be something that is biologically determined . 
  well now it got me thinking , there could actually be some probability of death . 
  wound causes inflammation , then with poor medical treatment combined with low immunity you get sepsis , and therefore death . 
  its not impossible . 
  so . . are you gon na go ? 
  thanks man , my ears died, 
  holy shit , youre fucking amazing , i know the op but it never came to my mind, 
  welcome to reddit then , i hope you 'll like it in the future with your new account, 
  too many *, 
  this is only the first step in the resurrection of the ancient race of the hotdogmen, 
  what i learnt from this thread is that depression can be cured by any hobby whatsoever . 
  this is basically a hobby thread . 
  that looks like a typing mistake , while the other one is a grammar mistake, 
  yes , almost as if . 
  his fault for putting it up , dont beat yourself up over it , just post, 
  haha , i expected some sad and depressing stories about moving on , but this is actually about funny pics of things that shouldnt be where they are, 
  `` so uhhh , hey there '', 
  ohhh now i get it , i was staring at the title for a full minute maybe , im such a retard, 
  soviet ritual , you mean ? 
  that could work for french very well, 
  xdxdxdxdxdxd, 
  i think that you cant prove something which did not originate from logical thinking in the first place . 
  basically very few things in life are obtained through logical processes , despite what people might think , humans are simply creatures that obtain information by observation and experience . 
  religion is a part of someone 's culture and inner self and there is nothing to prove or disprove it if someone likes it being there . 
  also , most people see it as a bad thing that someone has something to believe in . 
  if you want to change someone to be like you , that is your personal problem then . 
  looks similar at first , but if you look more closely , its not tite kubo 's style, 
  i agree , it used to be actually disgusting a few years ago , now its just retarded . 
  i guess whoever is afraid of it must be terrified of penises, 
  dont misunderstand the cause and effect . 
  the cartoon doesnt make you retarded , you only become a brony if you were retarded already to begin with . 
  and if you are able to see what is wrong with those people , just dont worry and watch it if you like it, 
  you might like islam or buddhism , depending on what type of person you are . 
  good thing is , the people would be willing to help you out even if you tell them you arent sure whether you 'll be joining them or not , so if you really wan na do it , give it a go , man . 
  you 'll only get peace and joy once you find what youre looking for, 
  just make sure you buy the animal dinner before you screw it, 
  i thought this was just a joke , do people really believe in this ?
