  4/10 , thats not how you do the facial hair on the chin , for god 's sake !, 
  i have no idea how to rate this, 
  wow dude , congratulations , you literally jumped by about 5 points, 
  yes , the difference is extremely noticeable, 
  4/10 , this is not above average, 
  you look like youre british and your name could be sue or sally or marry, 
  5/10 , the averagest, 
  well sure , i 'll give you examples from what i 've found in google images , for example :, 
  these are all the types of chinstraps , but the difference between that and you is that you cut the upper half of the chin hair , which is especially apparent in the 3rd picture . 
  kinda like these right here :, 
  this might be my own personal opinion , but the guys in the last two pictures look ridiculous , and if you want to have facial hair and still appear as a serious man , you should consider changing your facial hair style . 
  well . . to be honest , im sitting here thinking and no , i think you couldnt possibly look better than you already do now , you might only do this and that to experiment with different stuff if you want . 
  also , i usually give people 5-6 and i 've never given a 10 so far , i just try to be as realistic as possible , so dont worry if i gave you a 8.5 with a 9 somewhere here in the comments , youre the highest i rated on a guy so far . 
  thats good i hope, 
  edit : i mean yes , i thought i was in / r/rateme , my bad, 
  4th place/10, 
  maybe 4, 
  youre a cool person, 
  21 , swedish or korean, 
  2/10 on photo quality, 
  well i dont know , i like it , 7,5 / 10, 
  i think it isnt if you can still chew normally, 
  first pic 9/10 , second 7.5 / 10 , its like the angles make a huge difference, 
  first picture is very bad , and second one is practically useless , why would you post something with your sunglasses if you want people to rate your appearance ? 
  but anyway , third is 6.5 / 10, 
  is that album the before or after weight loss ? 
  in case its after , i deeply apologize , but i think losing at least another 20lb couldnt be bad . 
  it looked from the thumbnail like he was wearing glasses and looking to the left, 
  i suppose so, 
  what was your reaction when you found yourself on the banner ? 
  did you laugh , take it as a joke ? 
  or were you a little bit mad that your picture is somewhere else ? 
  please do tell us . 
  i think you look much better than that , the whole half-beard style was probably too immature , you look like a serious man now , or at least to me you do . 
  if i were you , i wouldnt really change a thing , but in case you decide to grow a beard one day , i suggest you do a full one , like zeus , the point is just not to look `` eccentric '' . 
  i hope my advice helps, 
  now hold on nigga , he said `` married '' ? 
  good lord ... 
  i dont know about you guys , but i 'd gladly die from eating too much of my wife 's delicious food , just as long as im in my 70s or 80s, 
  im surprised people from central african republic or other countries know how to turn on a computer , let alone surf the internet, 
  she 'll even suck your cock if you ask her nicely . 
  looks 10/10 to me , i dunno, 
  nice , but cant rate until more pictures are put . 
  what do you mean exactly by that . . ? 
  oh wow ... yeah i see ... i feel embarrassed now . 
  i think 6.5 / 10 , an above average, 
  this isnt wtf , many cultures have this type of thing , this is just really funny, 
  i dunno , from what i understood , it can be interpreted differently . 
  by deconstructing things in his brain and knowing them before he experienced them , he probably means that he 's too fat to run ( or do other stuff ) , so he knows his limits and calculates them as failures before they even happened . 
  sort of makes sense for the first half at least , im not sure what to say about the snowboarding though . 
  the charcoal walk , you retard , not the smearing , that was an accident, 
  they are working on their new project ( which i think was going well at first , but now is kinda starting to get shitty ) . 
  also , they announced the fourth movie a looong long time ago , like some two years ago or something , and no news from it since then . 
  9/10 , my type, 
  there was just a thread about how some people got their fetishes started , if someone posts this quickly over there , they might be responsible for someone 's new occupation in life . 
  now that i think about it , it depends . 
  there are words for that sort of thing in other languages , but if you use chakhna for that purpose only , then it is indeed unique . 
  for example , in english , its called ` snacks ' , but snacks dont have to be necessarily party or drink things , so there you have it . 
  jebem mu sunce , care to give an example of that in a couple of sentences ? 
  i am serbian and i have never heard of that . 
  did i actually write a comment on this thing ? 
  drove across the ` country ' , and in that country , visited more smaller ` countries ' . 
  either english needs to expand its vocabulary , or you do, 
  ohhh , im terribly sorry , its just that english isnt my native language and i didnt even notice the difference . 
  i mean , i wasnt criticizing you or anything , i was just confused . 
  thank you for pointing it out . 
  as a person who has learned 5 languages including english , as long as youre doing everything that the comments told you at the moment , you shouldnt worry too much , however you look at it , everyone needs time to adjust to a new language . 
  but in my opinion , it seems like youre going through that stage where your brain is trying to switch the memorized words and rules into the subconscious part , and for that , the only cure is to give it time and practice . 
  its a human characteristic , and yes , its true what the top comment says about improving it by godly speed once you get there . 
  all in all , no need to worry, 
  the word you are looking for is ` plastic ' , it is already an adjective , as well as a noun, 
  i think people dislike it because it really changed the genre for the worst , just like that new song from falling in reverse , that people absolutely hated . 
  if it was a totally new band starting a new genre , there would be no angry fans . 
  with enough sodium , that is something that would happen to human muscles , whether skeletal , visceral , or the heart , since they use sodium canals to depolarize . 
  experiments like that have already been conducted . 
  here 's the wiki link to explain the physiology behind it :, 
  8/10 , i like it a lot, 
  wow , the comment section is a graveyard . 
  i dont know what to suggest now ... do what the other girls do , wear make up , put on those attachable eyelashes , and you 'll be okay . 
  if you want that is . 
  but you are a 4.5 / 10 to me , and thats pretty good i think . 
  im interested in why this comment is downvoted to 0 . 
  i believe that what he said is correct , is it because he is not sticking to the topic or something ? 
  lol holy fuck , you looked just like my dentist before your transformation . 
  i laughed so hard . 
  but concerning the actual topic , you look amazing , congrats . 
  also i dont think your wife looked bad before . 
  ohhhh , i dont know why i automatically assume that im talking to a male person whenever there is a combination of both genders * , it is strange now that i think about it . 
  but im glad you two are doing well . 
  can i ask how long it took you ? 
  i thought it came from 4chan 's / int / board, 
  well its not really * that * massive , but nice butt, 
  cool , its cuz i 've been thinking about a summer project similar to this and was kind of wondering . 
  thanks dude . 
  i think it is already a common fact amongst all people for a very long time that 80 % of posts there are not that very helpful in advices , and are just constructed by average people finding a solid picture and typing whatever text seems `` motivational '' or `` deep '' to them . 
  im going to be very honest , i think this is actually helpful and good . 
  adults who cant bear the thought of having actual responsibilities . 
  someone smuggish who plays an instrument ( piano or violin ) , and dreams about being a respectful businessman and intellectual . 
  has a best friend who is a terribly obnoxious anime/manga freak . 
  sorry that the verdict is like this , its just that i once knew a person who kind of sort of resembled you .
