  video sam isto njegova klipove na / r/croatia, 
  for real ? 
  that is beautiful . 
  you want to use a slur , but you are actually complimenting them, 
  i think i have the same shoes , thats so cool, 
  i think jesus masturbates to that in secret, 
  how about a [ cinquedea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3wiywg-cz4 ) * ? 
  the retarded title and the pic made me laugh more than i do on regular posts here, 
  did you seriously create a new account just to post that ? 
  any chance you could get your shit straight and get things right ? 
  if not , start all over again and do something differently ? 
  also , we 're gon na need a story larger than 3 simple sentences . 
  maybe im wrong because you havent told me the whole story , or maybe i 'll get downvoted , but i got ta speak my mind . 
  i dont really think thats even that big of a deal , there are far worse things happening to people , youre probably just a fucking pansy . 
  go get your shit together from tomorrow on and get your life back in order . 
  well i hope you dont have cancer or anything , because it wont be alright , unfortunately . 
  other than that , it will be , as long as you try to work on it and change it for the better, 
  looks like an average day in brazil, 
  have you considered going with longer hair ? 
  maybe just a little bit and not too much if you prefer it short like that, 
  oh no , im really sorry , i probably should have read your history before posting like that . 
  if it would make it better , i 'd like to tell you as a medical student not to worry , even if it is a malignant tumor , you can do a great deal about extending your life even up to 10 years perhaps if you stay happy and positive . 
  a bad mental state influences the body , and that is exactly why placebo exists , so that patients could not worry and live their life more peacefully instead of having the worry worsen their state . 
  i 'd suggest you listen to all the great advice people wrote related to improving your life and just try to be happy , man . 
  its not really only about your health , happiness is something that everyone should pursue in life . 
  its obvious this was written by a guy, 
  welcome to reddit , new friend, 
  are you a troll ? 
  nearly all of the comments in your history seem to be downvoted hard . 
  if you are , please stop , you arent very good at it, 
  i once saw a somewhat drunk 20-something dude playing basketball with highschoolers in his jeans , air max nikes and wearing kajle . 
  i thought it was a pretty slavic thing to see someone do . 
  others just like to worship satan in different languages, 
  trznuti , cimnuti , its basically the same thing , it means to `` shake someone up '', 
  i think i heard that in an anime once and it had something to do with fighting stuff, 
  mislim da sam ovo video na / r/croatia pre pre dosta dugog vremena, 
  well duolingo made it clear from the beginning that it does not specialize in speaking , so whatever level youre on right now , you have to fill that hole . 
  either get yourself some tutoring , language school classes , or find a person to talk to . 
  other than that , you 'll figure stuff out along the way . 
  well im not sure if you 've tried this already , but i got my swedish on point by literally sitting on my chair all day long and breaking my tongue , having my palate and throat hurt after trying to adapt it by force . 
  maybe youre just an adult and your oral cavity has already been formed so you either need to work really hard by yourself or ask assistance from a speech therapist or something like that . 
  if you dont feel like doing all that work or that isnt available or for whatever reason you simply cant do it , just roll with it i say . 
  you wont be the first nor the last person in history with an accent and you could at least try to make it seem exotic and interesting . 
  you are technically correct , autoaggression is a psychiatric disorder, 
  she can go lower than i ever really thought she could, 
  i guess i didnt mean hurt for real , i was thinking maybe your muscles would get kind of sore , i just didnt know what word to use . 
  also , if youre acquainted with the japanese and koreans trying to learn english , you 'd know that a sore throat after speaking it for a long time is a huge problem for them . 
  whose *, 
  well done , detective , that 's a sick remix, 
  if not masturbating on each other 's faces, 
  i think you mean gyros, 
  i am worried that this has started to spread, 
  klasik , * [ cigani i brus li ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzfpvmh5szo ), 
  if you are serious about this , you should know that you can not learn a language seriously online , and 99 % of websites are ripoffs . 
  sites like that exist because many people ( mostly americans ) think that you speak a language when you can say `` good morning '' and `` goodday '' and shit like that . 
  they are barely able to get you to a1 level . 
  duolingo is the only one that can get you to somewhat b1 but there is no serbian , and memrise is only a side tool to help you with vocabulary . 
  if you cant find a tutor in your city that would be the perfect solution , but if not , i suggest you torrent some serbian learning packs and print the pdf files there and learn it as by yourself . 
  but that only works if you have learned a foreign language at least once and know how the system works , otherwise you 'd just be as confused as a lost sheep . 
  if you ever get a chance to create a sentence , be sure to add `` i do not have any debts '', 
  i dont know where you got that name from , but that is hentai kamen, 
  then i suggest you go to interpals , you 'll find lots of friendly company there, 
  is this that character greek ? 
  i see this in / r/classic4chan one day, 
  im from serbia , 5pm here . 
  thanks for replying to me in english , i thought the combo in japanese looked cool and i wanted to pitch in . 
  what are you guys talking about anyway ? 
  im not sure i understand you entirely , but piksi is from my hometown . 
  tell chia to have a nice day , he seems like a cool person . 
  im watching the videos but im not sure what this woman 's deal is . 
  its not just one specific thing like on the previous channel . 
  that is not a house that is a room . 
  hello guys you all seem nice but this place is so strange, 
  i think thats the point, 
  does anyone want to join a drawroom sometime ? 
  i dont think i 've ever seen anything gayer in my life, 
  hello jon snow , i have a question , how come youre not handsome like in game of thrones , how do they turn you into a beautiful young man , do you use magic , are you secretly a witch ? 
  answer please i also want to be in the night 's watch, 
  hopefully from you as well, 
  please let me know what time is best if you like the idea . 
  it will be great fun if you do not draw rude organs . 
  where did he go ? 
  i also love you , i forgot to write, 
  i have no experience in lewd activities, 
  can i sing in your song ? 
  nice post, 
  best kind of butt, 
  she is couisn chatles, 
  why bacon and banana ? 
  no you are right , they seem to have fused together ` popular ' , ` overhyped ' and ` good ' into one entity . 
  a game can be good and overhyped , or bad and overhyped , as well as good and underhyped , not that well known , and people wouldnt know the difference . 
  my theory is that it doesnt matter whether or not you did something bad , what you asked in your post was advice , and instead of rating it good/bad based on how much the question is worth ( upvoting the question because its a meaningful topic but telling you in the comments that you were wrong ) they downvoted you because they seem to believe that they are inflicting a means of justice on someone who has acted unfair to a person . 
  seriously , im not even 5mins in this sub and im starting to hate the rating system on reddit, 
  it would be called wasent, 
  is the internet man some new superhero who 's only strong when he 's online or what ? 
  e : oh nvm , i got it now , you were just telling him that it is the internet , and man was like ` dude ' or ` bro ' . 
  right ? 
  now i understand what nene is, 
  oh yes , that makes sense , ` tako ' means ` so ' in serbian and ` tako je ' means ` that 's right ' , which is kinda sorta similar to ` yes ' . 
  there is a connection in there,
