  your post makes me want to question reality, 
  i believe in satin, 
  so did you show her ? 
  man , i was dominating before i got banned for swearing , that sucks so much, 
  you most likely wont ever remember it again . 
  the most chance you had of remembering some of it was as soon as you woke up , by now it has most likely been buried and forgotten somewhere . 
  but if you still wish to try , just think really really hard . 
  do you remember at least some of it ? 
  i love posts like this where no matter what funny comments i try to add to this , it will never be even half as amazing as the post itself . 
  gravity defied, 
  immolate thy laundry immaculate, 
  its a shame you had to find a picture of this room filled with musicians , otherwise it would have been one of the evilest things posted in this sub, 
  i advise you stay in normal autism, 
  in serbian we say `` pis '' , but we can shoo other animals too , for dogs its '' \u010dibe '', 
  so happy ending , whats the problem, 
  rip prince and boner, 
  where the drowned ones may forever rest, 
  the sentence `` after i completeted underwater tests which were underwater '' seems almost too retarded , and made me suspect the guy is actually a godlike troll, 
  does that only work on humans , or could it be a vicious kitten killer ? 
  but yeah , real question now , when did you notice you started getting this very odd behaviour and do you suspect or know what is the trigger ? 
  sorry , i see now the question was already asked , but could you elaborate further please ? 
  more details on how it made you feel personally, 
  maybe you could find a course on memrise that has both conjugated verbs plus infinitive forms , but honestly , you shouldnt worry about stuff like that , they will come naturally and you 'll see that after 10-20 verbs the pattern repeats . 
  there are sets of rules in serbian morphology we call `` glasovne promene '' ( voice changes , rough translation ) . 
  you should know that are loads of other languages have an even worse system for conjugation , and the difficulty of ours doesnt even lie there , you just probably didnt get to cases yet , so i advise you to not waste time on these verbs and just learn them as they are by heart . 
  it never occurred to me that some people do this as a job more or less . 
  how much does a cleaner get for this and who pays them ? 
  his infernal majesty , my soul belongs to thee, 
  be respek or suk on my snek, 
  not everyone can be kenm, 
  not ** my ** heart , why did you assume that ? 
  there is no article or pronoun so it could be any heart , so in this case , yours . 
  i bet he came right after seeing that , cuz that shit was crazy, 
  he found his aroma lacked a certain appeal, 
  im a beginner and im just wondering , how is it a catastrophe if you move the queen there ? 
  you are attacking his king that way , so he would be forced to move it , and after he does , youre still left with the threat from the rook nonetheless . 
  i understand why it would be a disaster now , i thought the numbers go the other way and was looking at it upside down =_=, 
  do the h-scenes work through pics or text or sprite sex ? 
  im asking cuz im not home atm and i cant take a look now , but i 'd like to check it out later, 
  i 've seen danker, 
  balding head, 
  thats kind of his own problem , only superficially related to him breaking up . 
  how so ? 
  from his comment , he seems like the guy who should have picked president_washington instead . 
  oh shit , at first glance i thought it was clay too until you pointed that out, 
  dont worry , just watch a lot of anime and you will learn it without a problem, 
  it is definitely one of my favourite games of all time , so i recommend it to anyone wanting to give it a shot, 
  no , thats not what he meant , you need to put more thought into it . 
  try something like this :, 
  `` hey my name is tinmanoz and i am simply blinded by your beauty '', 
  or other lame shit like that, 
  i honestly hope you have one hell of a cooling system , or at least leave one side open while it works , because you might settle for some cabrito barbecue very soon, 
  thats exactly what they state on their website as well . 
  furthermore , you can not expect a real life like experience on the web , but at least the way its been designed has proven to save you a lot of time through the beginner phase . 
  and i thought he put the dildo the wrong way by accident the second time after i finally got the point , you arent alone, 
  aleksandr pistoletov of course, 
  please do research , especially on your neighbours, 
  add them as a neutral race , if that is a possibility in whatever youre making, 
  rip forest, 
  clozemaster , not many people like it , but i think its amazing . 
  probably because it is not for beginners, 
  i think for his sake , its better not to know, 
  shiiiiiiiit i had that when i was a kid . 
  i wonder where the hell it could be now , i 'd probably find it somewhere among the toys if i still have it . 
  yes , of fen yun , 
  thats not so bad , it could have been kolvin groin, 
  i would find this funny if i were no more than 8 years old, 
  i remember this being on reddit once , if not in this sub , there somewhere else , and literally the exact same thing happened . 
  as if you would expect otherwise . 
  well you are technically right , but it would have to be a pretty tiny knife, 
  there are at least 100 threads like this every year i think, 
  when he 's like that he says suka blyattebayo, 
  countries around the world, 
  africa, 
  i think you meant antidotes, 
  in my opinion 2 and 3 dont look very functional as far as the eyesight capability goes , despite the interesting design . 
  beautiful , i wish there was more of this kind of art, 
  yes , he is a professional swedish fisherman, 
  very hard to tell nowadays , but something tells me this is not legal yet . 
  [ behemoth - o father o satan o sun ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hvj32umuyq ), 
  did it try to give you a riddle ? 
  bunch of idiot kids, 
  im both sad and happy for that, 
  now if only someone would be brave enough to do this in french, 
  at least its gon na end up as someone 's carpet or something , so there could be a warm ending to it after all , dont worry, 
  of course , it all makes sense now . 
  but how come anime makes them stronger and makes us total pussies ? 
  it doesnt add up . 
  are we absorbing it wrong ? 
  attractive woman initiates an oral sexual act, 
  you sure have an interesting hobby, 
  what do you mean hard licks , there wasnt even one proper hit, 
  nahhh its oreo chess , dont be silly, 
  `` aleksander trofimov , 37 , * hacked * his friend to death '' , hahaha, 
  i dont know how you will ever recover from that one time you didnt say `` hello , julia '', 
  how poetic, 
  this is absolutely beautiful , congratulations to the artist, 
  what does this have to do with a boner ? 
  you are right . 
  something 's fishy in here,
