not ugly at all , you just look about 30, 
  was n't that for the albinos ... ? 
  i never heard anything about babies , and to be honest , it seems a bit too bizarre, 
  the penis looks like a spider, 
  best i can do to help, 
  i laughed so hard i farted, 
  i want / r/niggers back :(, 
  seems about the right size for my dick, 
  unacceptable !, 
  why the croatian flag though ? 
  make-up ... ? 
  or buy a frame that does n't press your nose so hard , i do n't have that problem because my frame is pretty light . 
  i felt the need to delete my commend since you corrected the title and it would only make me look like as asshole now ,, 
  if you might wonder by any chance why its gone, 
  i wonder how its gon na look when your leghair grows back . 
  you only listed english names ending with `` y '' , and the top comment spoke about the entire system of indo-european languages , which is he explained quite well , but i dont think you have expressed precisely enough what kind of an answer you want , like ... are you only referring to the english language , the indoeuropean languages in general ... or whatever . 
  if you have the latter in mind , do take note that hindi does distinguish a gender difference , except male nouns usually end in - a , and female usually in - i. 
  can i download/torrenet it from anywhere ? 
  or did you buy that ? 
  reminds me of a room from devil may cry 3, 
  by far the best work i have seen in a very long time ... 
  thanks for posting this, 
  is it true that norwegians have the most amount of dialects in all of europe ? 
  how many different versions of norwegian have you encountered ? 
  does this look like facebook to you ? 
  do you also by any chance poop in your hand and try to throw it into the toilet ? 
  how many of your gods are actually out there ? 
  do you guys like , live in the same house with jesus , allah , zeus , amon ra , morgan freeman , flying spaghetti monster and xenu ? 
  or do you all like , live on a cloud or some shit . 
  or do you even see them ? 
  also , what is your religion , and how do i convert , i am interested in being your messiah , you see . 
  pics or it didnt happen, 
  say something retarded in dutch, 
  how does that actually earn you money ? 
  face swap seems like the only logical solution, 
  much boobs, 
  many cleavage, 
  so did he buy the car ? 
  are you sure it was the nazis and not the americans that bombed us ? 
  cuz i 'd be pretty surprised to be honest ... 
  what was your first sexual experience like ? 
  did you get dumped by a girlfriend some 15 minutes ago or something ? 
  i dont think learning one word from another language can really be on the same level as the facts that are generally being posted in here . 
  not personally a native , but there 's a lot of them who would be willing to help you on interpals . 
  you might even find a girlfriend there too . 
  not that you asked for one , im just saying, 
  i didnt know egoraptor loved kids , so cute \u2665, 
  who killed the dinosaurs ? 
  who kill thier babbys . 
  becuse these babby cant frigth back ? 
  location : serbia, 
  talking in english, 
  totally, 
  repost from / r/spacedicks, 
  its called folliculitis , with an - is, 
  that explains so much , i was just about to ask what is wrong with it in several languages, 
  change your hairstyle . 
  you 're too old too look like an emo douchebag . 
  im 85 % positive that girls are gon na dig the new look, 
  liked your post only for the witty title, 
  say something retarded in danish . 
  you look like horatio caine in his younger days, 
  you look like your name could be alan, 
  8/10 , would eat noodles with, 
  british as fuck, 
  this is possibly my favourite picture on this subreddit, 
  youre lucky you can even get a working connection with your so , unlike me, 
  where did you come up with the name `` murday '' , it kind of takes away all possibility of anything similar to fear, 
  actual funny material i 've seen on this subreddit in a while, 
  i swear i 'd rate these , but i dont know how . . 
  penis, 
  i love penis, 
  such awww, 
  so wtf, 
  i think that is by far the most pathetic comment on gw i have stumbled upon tonight, 
  i just bought the carolus rex album by sabaton and thought `` god fucking dammit this language is beautiful ... '', 
  that summer i started learning swedish and currently im at b1, 
  you should rename the title to `` dogs in buses and other stuff '', 
  well shit , i thought it was from that trippy circus scene in dumbo, 
  be sure to tell everyone `` pizda ti materina '' when you greet them , it creates a nice impression, 
  refuse having sex with him until he has expanded his vocabulary by 300 new words, 
  thats what jews want you to believe, 
  literally, 
  sex tape of jennifer lawrence that she filmed as an offering to the existence of this glorious subreddit . 
  the term originates from the latin word `` penis '', 
  for a second there i thought he tied his penis into a knot , i didnt read the title , i just opened the link, 
  whoever did that hardwood floor has done a shitty job , there 's no way that could ever happen after youre done polishing it, 
  that poor woman at the counter has went through so much . . 
  until you put a few more stuff to read , i really cant say for sure , but i would definitely use this . 
  that 's kyphosis though , but yeah , generally every time something catches my attention like this i realize i 've unconsciously humped my back again . 
  scary shit, 
  i know , thats what i said ... sitting badly mostly gives you kyphosis , sheesh dude, 
  now find a molnstrudel and we will give you gold, 
  thats what she said , 
  a nice type , i would say , doesnt seem like it would bite you under normal circumstances, 
  if you had to write a book about this , what would the title be ? 
  9/10 , germanic ancestors, 
  second picture looks the best, 
  i hope you dont get well soon, 
  what is this ?
