  or rather mustela faecalis , as it is known in latin, 
  on those pictures , cute yes , but sexy definitely not, 
  penis ? 
  woah . . for a second i thought this post was a joke . . then i read the comments and saw that its actually true, 
  i really dont know what to say about this . . its very very sad, 
  but this is a phrase . . not a word . . phrases are meant to be unique , and this is a subreddit for words only, 
  ahhh , yes , thank you , i was not looking at that , heh, 
  alright then , no biggie , thanks for pointing that out, 
  well this is kind of strange , but its not really `` crappy '', 
  still , had fun watching, 
  you have a really word combination in a link ever , krazz, 
  also 8.5 / 10, 
  + dogetipbot 1coin, 
  does he happen to be klaus from germany ? 
  i have witnessed gypsy wagons on highways in person , i live in serbia , this is nothing new to me, 
  oh my god , this is so funny . 
  at the last level of the game , you have to confront your son/daughter who succeeded in life and is a businessman/doctor and you have to tell him how proud you are and how honoured you are to be a parent . 
  in this world there are but 2 dominant classes , the noble and high pc-user class , the filthy demonic and evil mac-users , and the dirty casuals as the rest . 
  you play as a hero from the former faction . 
  if i ever did that to my girlfriend for any reason whatsoever , i think i 'd kill myself right there . 
  im sorry i have nothing smarter to say than this, 
  i kind of got the impression that the dude is cool and not much of a neckbeard , but hey , good post nonetheless, 
  this needs to be in every language, 
  small world kdaj si slovenec, 
  i know its very easy to sit back in a chair after realizing how some people have met worse fate than you and probably say `` well according to statistics , it has to happen to someone '' . 
  but when you remember how you lack something that other people seem to have , whatever that may be , a really sour feeling grips your throat inside , for example , when you have thoughts that you might never be loved because of something that you received at birth . 
  how does one really find happiness and satisfaction in life when he copes with things like this ? 
  is it the feeling of mastering a certain skill ( like profession or hobby ) so you could have something that makes you stand out ? 
  or is it something else ? 
  how did you deal with your anxiety ? 
  so given 15 minutes each day , in what time would you say one could achieve fluency on this website ? 
  mandarin and japanese are pretty hard languages for native english speakers , and a minimal amount of time amongst experienced linguists is ** at least ** one year . 
  what part of your job is totally opposite from what we see on tv ? 
  edit : parts * , it would be cool if you could list a bunch of them , just for the lulz, 
  my girlfriend is pakistani and i 'd just like to ask you if you know a way for me to learn urdu . 
  my plan was to start learning hindi when my semester ends this july and then after about a year of doing so `` upgrade '' it to urdu , since there is practically no learning material online for urdu ( that doesnt suck balls ) , and a billion for hindi . 
  so as you can see , i was originally planing to use the internet , but if you could think up other ways , i would be very grateful . 
  also , as for my background , i am from serbia , but if i doubt that things would matter if i lived anywhere else in europe for that matter . 
  so yeah , anything regarding urdu ? 
  hodor , 
  do you prefer rice or noodles ? 
  also , what the longest you have ever put in your vagina ? 
  ( in inches approximately ), 
  my record is 5 i think , but i slept a little between 4th and 5th , so that makes a difference, 
  do you think you are cool because you are drunk ? 
  if you had a sharpie in your pooper would you be able to type actual words ? 
  if i were living in usa and had their walls , i wouldnt be surprised at all if that happened, 
  god damn i love pigs, 
  a trinket every worthy neckbeard should have, 
  i am enlightened by my own intelligence , i do not dwell in such mortal trifles called jokes . 
  woah , what a great idea to let people know when you have sex !, 
  why didnt i think of this earlier ? 
  next time i have sex , i am going to post it like this so everyone can see, 
  oh my god , everything was so funny , but i absolutely cracked up and couldnt stop laughing at the `` rick perry part '' ... 
  oh yeah , well i went to school with unidan and once touched his hand when he asked for my biology book, 
  10/10 laughed so hard , would read again, 
  what kind of a question is that , of course it would be just as edible as any other regular raw egg . 
  the only problem is that you wouldnt be able to cook it ( or boil it maybe ), 
  i think i have a similar problem , whenever i try to initiate ld too hard and take control as much as i can , i end up losing the dream . 
  if i want to prolong a ld , i have to go back to the `` normal dream '' and try to go back to ld again from there , or else i end up waking from both . 
  it sucks and i only got to prolong it like that twice in my life . 
  i havent found the solution to this yet , i just wan na share my experience if it would be of * any * help whatsoever . 
  no , not really , best i can do is jump really high , ever higher than trees , and that is a hella fun thing to do in a dream , just jump around like that , sometimes smack people that annoy you and just jump off wherever . 
  so considering how fun this is , i doubt i will try flying anytime soon . 
  also , i have indeed flown at least once in my dreams , if someone reading my comment right now is wondering . 
  test comment please upvote me ^ please, 
  im pretty sure that this is also one of the methods of how actual languages were created, 
  ohhh no ... hold on . . 24 hours ago ... tail-like pattern ... it is ... no , it is silly to think about it but ... there is strong evidence that suggests your fiance may have been bitten by the gazorgian poopytus toxiconis . 
  i am afraid that there is no hope left ... 
  alright , since honest opinions are appreciated , i think you should try to avoid styles similar to the one in the 6th picture , because it makes you look like a granny . 
  other than that i agree with the other commenters , pretty damn sexy . 
  that sentence is a syntactical horror , where are you from ? 
  please dont tell me youre native english, 
  peppeth, 
  no way ... dont tell me its out , oh good god yes !, 
  im serbian , ask me anything you wish to know, 
  ( we dont kill kids in serbia btw , we do that in other countries like kosovo and bosnia ), 
  whats a sweaty beef ? 
  puncher ( n ) , a person who punches, 
  the more you know, 
  i know that if i write something along the lines of `` this is the most horrible misuse of memes i have seen in a while '' it will be neither new nor original , but damn , that made me cringe much, 
  im not sure hipsters are really into this shit , this seems like it would rather fit the goth/metal stage , in my opinion, 
  it was extremely helpful that the woman in the end fought her way through to the man so she could place her hands on her head and scream hysterically . 
  im sure that helped the child a lot, 
  did it smell ? 
  it has to have smelled , they usually smell horrible . 
  also , go check yourself out , it might turn out to be a serious infection, 
  - sarme, 
  could we have a photo of your pants right now just for the fun of it ? 
  also a photo of you in your undies would be nice . 
  no , it just felt warm and funny , little spiky feeling, 
  im european too , i bet it smells like mcdonalds or exhaust gasses , or the two of them combined . 
  i hate people who casually write smileys in their messages , whether good messages , bad messages , or any kinds of messages that dont signify an occasion where smiling would be natural . 
  it shows that these people dont know how to communicate online properly . 
  well i gave it a like . 
  but i am now very curious to see what writing system you will make out of that to compensate for different meanings caused by your new letters . 
  well it surely would be a boring conlang if it were written in latin only , surely you 've always wanted to make your own system that has its own interesting rules , havent you ? 
  you know , like hindi is written in devanagari , chinese in its own symbols and such . 
  edit : im just kidding , it wouldnt be boring , i just thought it would be fun to experiment a little , maybe create your own fonts , things like that , i just said that because i would be curious to see how you could make it be written with few initial vowels and consonants , and then by spelling or other systems expand it, 
  that looked like gta for a second , but then i realized its actually just an idiot,
