former soviet republics estonia and lithuania suffered falls of 57.1 percent and 55.5 percent , respectively . 
  so our export to russia dropped by by half . 
  so you know what happened ? 
  business started exporting to new markets . 
  our export in 2014 was the same level as 2013 and it is way higher than any year before . 
  oh , and russian export took massive drop unlike other countries . 
  unhcr camps are missing 3/4 of needed budget . 
  glad to hear there is a country in europe prioritizing country security . 
  are you planning to build great hungarian fence towards austria and ukraine / slovakia ? 
  and they will be back in one week if they have eu passport . 
  deport where ? 
  back home to india ? 
  this allows legal entry ( without visa ) via border check point and not anywhere you want . 
  journalist could stay 20 meters away and film . 
  she probably broke laws too , by entering country illegally as there is no `` schengen agreement '' between serbia and hungary ? 
  good luck arresting thousands of migrants . 
  do n't forget you will have to process ( accept or deport ) them too . 
  as i said we have enough unemployed people and those who would like to return back . 
  problem is job availability . 
  we do n't need extra burden on tax payers . 
  yes , 3rd generation muslims in france are integrated so well ... 
  bringing migrants wo n't create any jobs . 
  but it will cost a lot to support them . 
  we have enough unemployed people . 
  that was proposed as fine for not being able to take them . 
  for rejecting without reason it might be different . 
  poland imports are higher than exports . 
  eu probably earns money from poland . 
  [ almost ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/558acbbc6.html ), 
  nope , you have illegal migrant who claims he is syrian . 
  you decided he is not ( he does n't have any documents ) . 
  so you decide to deport him . 
  where are you going to send him ? 
  who accept him ? 
  you do n't know his nationality so you have to process ( detain ) him . 
  you ca n't send some somali to turkey just because they have camps . 
  i 'm not sure if sending actual syrian would be possible in case turkey would not accept him as he is not coming from war zone ( he is in europe ) . 
  why turkey should accept somebody not from turkey ? 
  maybe you can ship him to usa or canada as well ? 
  this would bring lot of elderly and weak people . 
  they wo n't be able to work . 
  there is $ 6k one time payment . 
  archbishop promised help with integration . 
  yeah , it is not that expensive then there is sponsors from eu . 
  but investment return is pretty awful i believe . 
  well , our serious crime rate dropped a lot in [ 2004 ] ( http://postimg.org/image/5vwznwnp5/ ) . 
  allowing to enter country and free movement correlates well . 
  so if sexual offenses are very common in some country and you allow people to come from that country , sexual crime rate will increase . 
  it will reduce or solve hungary problems . 
  nothing is wrong with that . 
  that is one time payment . 
  wars in middle east and africa wo n't end near future . 
  so 10 years would cost 65k + costs for housing . 
  so that sum is laughable . 
  it is $ 539,9 $ for each person and $ 576,1 for person with disability . 
  and this is in current infrastructure and to accept more new housing is needed . 
  yes 540 is average . 
  and median is way lower . 
  and that sum is not enough to pay for apartment rent , food , transportation and basic goods . 
  each asylum seeker already costs more than 540 per month in refugee center . 
  sorry $ 6k for refugee is laughable amount . 
  we can pay that to germans so they will keep them . 
  that sum is not covering a single year of expenses . 
  i really hope you are right . 
  i do n't think you can deport them once they are accepted . 
  even if they commit crime , you only can to put them in prison . 
  just like citizen . 
  ah , i did n't read article for total number . 
  it is 780 in the op post . 
  according article you have linked - we have over 4m inhabitants ? 
  270 $ after income tax and social security payments . 
  600 $ per refugee in current infrastructure . 
  it will be needed to buy or rent housing . 
  very inconsistent play . 
  and this continues since preparation games . 
  hopefully , team will solve everything during group stage . 
  [ eisva mudu abudu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gebqxybwmqq ), 
  donated hardware or government procurement . 
  probably the second . 
  yet , real refugees are happy to be safe . 
  but they will get new neighbors soon . 
  lithuania agreed to take some refugees from camps in turkey , italy and greece . 
  these people accepts refugee status and conditions they get . 
  but all those migrating to germany should go there . 
  they want to go there . 
  they are invited by germans . 
  and germans should pick them up directly from turkey / lebanon or eu border and stop to amplify the mess in other countries . 
  but you can travel with local train closer to austrian border ? 
  and then move on foot to austria ? 
  estonians are slow and do n't speak indo-european language . 
  it is not a work for me either . 
  we love spending time in a woods . 
  well , scandinavians are hiring medics in baltic . 
  if education is acceptable language is not a barrier . 
  and they provide help with relocation , rent , learning language . 
  * currently , only 4000 to 4500 individuals are staying at reception centres , meaning that only one in twenty-for asylum seekers remain in the country for a shorter or longer period of time . 
  * they move from the country on their own . 
  hungary is not jail for them . 
  they are free to leave . 
  i do n't know what second link data means .
