  but it does n't match accepted quotas by other countries . 
  what is this shit you are showing ? 
  it is calculations did by somebody on how many country should have refugees . 
  and it shows nobody wants to go to hungary . 
  why ? 
  they are poor . 
  quotas were agreed month ago . 
  look for actual numbers and time span to pick up refugees from camps in turkey , greece and italy . 
  migrants invited by germany should be send there directly . 
  nobody else agreed to handle more than they can . 
  there is a limit of people country can take to work on integration without creating unrest . 
  also housing is major issue . 
  i do n't think you can house them in tent camp as weather is not favorable in most parts of europe . 
  and building houses costs a lot ... 
  germany no longer wants open door policies . 
  they already asked hungary to follow dublin iii . 
  they have invited all syrians to come and eliminated possibility to enter the country . 
  well done . 
  i have hard time understanding how to make all grading equal . 
  basically in lithuania school students gets grades for each subject every 3 months . 
  because grades highly depends on school and teachers ( teachers have favorite students after working with them for years . 
  also they want them to succeed further in the life ) . 
  we have national exams . 
  every student takes the same exam and it is graded by other teachers . 
  this makes grades fair . 
  and who value those tests ? 
  same teachers and school where students attend ? 
  how to guarantee grades are fair comparing to other schools and teachers ? 
  that is the lie because all of the countries has legal refugees . 
  but they are the ones who applied here and not forced to move here like cattle . 
  most asylum seekers in lithuania are from vietnam , afghanistan , eritrea . 
  hungary has way more refugees than some west countries . 
  because east is poor . 
  lithuania supports citizen by ~ 100 $ if he is in need of welfare . 
  our citizen with median salary lives in poverty . 
  pensioners live in poverty . 
  each refugee costs 540 $ in current infrastructure and it is more than our median salary . 
  we can house 100 of them . 
  should we build social housing for them ? 
  apartments with equipment would cost 80k per family . 
  where the hell we will take all this resources ? 
  reduce my grandmothers pension from 170 $ to 150 $ ? 
  reduce healthcare spending ? 
  where ? 
  should we discriminate our local people and support some refugees more ? 
  do these refugees wants to come here ? 
  do refugees want to work for 300 $ ? 
  you can rent only apartments for that amount . 
  you have n't read articles where neighbors describes that mother . 
  short summary for you : loved drinking , car driving while drunk , was leaving 4 years kid at home alone , was searched by norway policy for unknown reasons , left one child in lithuania . 
  i 'm sure she is perfect mother and child was taken for no reason . 
  there is no social housing available for citizens . 
  people are waiting years for it . 
  our refugee center can house 100 people . 
  should we build tents ? 
  should these tent camp act as extermination camps in winter ? 
  should we kick out people who live in social housing currently ? 
  dude , greece minimum wage is / was higher than your average right now . 
  it is just some nonsense without providing any data . 
  so majority of greeks was poor , they was against ruling parties , but voted for them . 
  i see the logic here . 
  how many riots greece had against government borrowing money ? 
  so why the ones who come should even try to integrate if they are already receiving all the benefits ? 
  they already live as good as locals . 
  it is not needed even to work !, 
  and it seems you have weird definition of poverty ( at least to me ) . 
  800 $ for single person . 
  are you spending 800 $ per month on basic needs like food and hygiene products ? 
  so stop giving them money . 
  provide shelter and food . 
  vouchers for other basic needs . 
  allow to work to those who integrates well so they can have better life . 
  deezer is as good as spotify . 
  yes , people recovered quickly by moving from the country . 
  i would love to see the data about work force changes in private sector . 
  saw an interview of refugees in latvia ( or maybe lithuania ) . 
  they got beds and food to live , also few euros per day as pocket money . 
  all they told is how unhappy they are and they need to get out from there . 
  there was absolutely no gratitude for the help they are receiving . 
  and government spends way more money to support them than country citizen could receive as welfare . 
  maybe the reason is contraband . 
  28 % of consumed cigarettes is illegal in lithuania and it is even higher in latvia according lithuanian news portal . 
  so in 2014 we consumed 3.75 bn manufactured and 1.06 bn contraband . 
  it is over 1600 per capita . 
  there is 10 mcdonalds in lithuania and about 40 hessburger ... 
  lithuanian average pension is about 250 , salary - 425 ( net ) . 
  our average wage is lower than greeks minimum . 
  also , there are talks about removing vat discounts on some services and adding extra taxes for our citizens . 
  our country ca n't afford to spend anywhere close to greece while we have better gdp . 
  so how can anybody expect we are willing donate our tax payers money to somebody who does n't care about their finances . 
  i have n't heard about greek plans to slice their pensions and reduce public wages and spending to match their income . 
  if greece is not willing to return to reality with help ez offered they will do that with drachma . 
  is it funny for you what there are poor countries in eu which can not run any decent welfare system for own citizens and those countries do n't want any extra burden and social tension ? 
  want solution for refugee crisis ? 
  start fixing your country policies . 
  it is your country policies attract migrants . 
  27 % hostile , and 13 % friendly . 
  and germany ignores these regulations . 
  this works as extra pull factor for migrants . 
  so germany , sweden run policies which invites people from africa and middle east and later pushes them to other poor countries .
