`` man this is really fucking greasy to be fair '' - muhammad, 
  `` you know what they put on french fries in holland instead of ketchup ? '', 
  `` what ? '', 
  `` mayonnaise . '', 
  `` i seen 'em do it . 
  and i do n't mean a little bit on the side of the plate , they fuckin ' drown 'em . '', 
  turkish cacik is generally a lot more liquid-ish compared to tzatziki , but again , there are regional variations among turkey as well , and my favorite is probably the one closest to tzatziki anyways . 
  i can neither confirm or deny that i know a bit too much about yoghurt-based mezes . 
  `` let me just draw shit on the ceiling while tripping on acid and i 'll make it 20 percent cheaper '' `` deal '', 
  to be fair it is the exact name of the country in turkish . 
  apart from yunanistan , bulgaristan and macaristan ; we have s\u0131rbistan ( serbia ) , hindistan ( india ) , suudi arabistan ( saudi arabia ) , g\u00fcrcistan ( georgia ) and ermenistan ( armenia ) . 
  an ancient word meaning `` land '' iirc . 
  shcekochikhin is thought to be poisoned by the way , and it might be polonium just like litvinenko . 
  at least you get to keep us out that way . 
  cyprus is not greek . 
  cyprus certainly is n't turkish either . 
  cypriots are cypriots and nothing else , turkey 's stance on trnc is that if they leave , 1971 will happen all over again and turkish cypriots will end up having to live under a strictly greek regime . 
  if only both countries could take their heads off of their asses and let cyprus rule itself without any extra political influences . 
  the history of fierce hatred and massacres from both sides ( i do n't want to over emphasize this and offend people , but the turkish cypriots were the obvious minority on the island , so if there was any organized killing it was from the extremist greek cypriots . 
  things have changed , a lot , though , i will come to that . ), 
  turkish nationalism is definitely on a freefall , parallel to the rest of the world ( apart from european countries who often get their jimmies rustled because of immigration issues ) , and the people of mainland turkey would be more positive about this than they would be 30 years ago . 
  the problems occurred when greece 's dictatorship era ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i wrote a twenty page paper on the history of turkish-greek relations before , but it was a long time ago , this might not have happened at all . ), 
  collided with the almost-mccarthyist nationalism that weaved its way through the media to the people 's minds . 
  there was hatred and hatred only between the two nations back then . 
  the cyprus conflict was mostly this , the greek cypriots wanted to join greece , which meant complete assimilation of every cypriot that did n't consider themselves to be greek , which led to the massacres and the invasion of northern cyprus by the turkish army . 
  the extremely tense relationship between the turks and the greeks continued after this , and cyprus was a place where cypriots , who did n't have to consider themselves greek or turkish after all were forced to choose a side , literally ( north-turkish , south-greek ) . 
  the tension was way more intense in cyprus , where the two sides of the island literally shared a border with landmines under the ground until a few years ago . 
  what changed , then ? 
  the 20-page paper was mostly on this ; and the conclusions i came to were these ; - two men named \u0130smail cem and george papandreou ( yes , that papandreou , he was the minister of foreign affairs in the late 90s . ), 
  they really tried to end this meaningless conflict , and they made a huge difference in the process . 
  \u0130smail cem passed away in 2007 , he was one of the few people i completely believed in in politics , ever . 
  before them , the relations were almost nonexistent , and it was unintentionally hilarious as fuck . 
  there was a diplomatic crisis about two uninhabited islands that were so insignificant that nobody was certain where they belonged on maps . 
  somebody from one side noticed this , and it seriously might have led to a war . 
  more information [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imia/kardak ) , please do n't keep reading without reading the article . 
  it is such a good summary of the entire problems and how unnecessary they were . 
  - the earthquakes in 1999 . 
  two earthquakes with devastating consequences happened in the span of a month in adapazar\u0131 , turkey and athens , greece . 
  in august , the earthquake which was so unfortunately in a densely populated place in turkey , close to marmara sea ; took so many lives and created extreme paranoia against a possible earthquake everywhere . 
  anyways , after the earthquake greece was the first country to send humanitarian aid . 
  i have the stats in turkish somewhere in my computer , but it was an incredible gesture from them . 
  a month later , a smaller earthquake happens below athens , but the center of the earthquake is very close to the ground , it had a larger effect than the richter scale points to . 
  13 hours later , turkish government sends humanitarian aid , and people queue to donate blood to be sent to greece . 
  i also have some photos of news articles about this , it 's just fucktons of feels everywhere . 
  welp , that 's pretty much it . 
  i hate our government passionately , and i participated actively in the gezi park protests ; but i concur with some of their attempts to fix all this bullshit . 
  they are terrible at doing it though . 
  on an unrelated note , fuck them . 
  that 's all . 
  next thread : `` what do you know about ... poland '' i need to thank some nation for hussars, 
  well , i was taught as a student that turkish belonged to the ural-altaic languages , but i was also taught that it was n't a `` language group '' like latin or germanic languages . 
  the similarity between turkish and the other three is how words and sentences are formed , or grammar in a way ; which is completely different from other european languages . 
  i know a finnish person who i talked to about the languages some time ago , and we noticed that the words were barely similar but the way how roots and suffices were used were pretty much similar . 
  the main reason to this lack of information on the roots of turkish is that the ancient turks were kind of like the dothraki from got ; they lived on horses , had a completely different culture , never settled and always moved , and never needed concepts like agriculture and text for a long , long time . 
  for this reason , linguists decided to place the language in some family and never mention it again because nobody knew a fucking thing . 
  people try to relate it to uralic languages , mongolian , japanese , korean , basque , native american languages ( seriously ) and many other things . 
  and meanwhile i lie on my bed in a hotel room in one of the most beautiful places on the aegean coast of turkey , watch the sea and write this while i wait for my phone battery to refill so i can take it to the beach again . 
  suck it , landlocked countries . 
  \u2022 our languages are really similar . 
  we are an odd bunch in europe ; finnish , estonian , hungarian and turkish are related . 
  \u2022 not so sure , but i think hungary is where `` hussar `` s were born . 
  thanks a lot , guys , they were great in age of empires ii . 
  \u2022 goulash \u2022 greatest football team of the 1960s . 
  should have won a world cup . 
  only current hungarian footballers i know of are balazs dzsagajagzjaha and zoltan gera . 
  and my team may have signed a hungarian guy named daniel tozser in early 2000s who never played in a game i think . 
  \u2022 our ancestors invaded your country for a while in the 15th century or so . 
  sorry if you did n't like the experience . 
  ottomans were n't exactly `` super-civilized '' . 
  \u2022 awkward language , although we share letters like \u00f6 and \u00fc . 
  \u2022 `` hungarian salami '' pretty popular in turkey , not sure if you even know they were known for salami . 
  wow , i really do n't know much about hungary . 
  a friend told me that budapest was a great place though . 
  we have absolutely nothing positive going on this week eurobasket is soon i guess but asik is injured which sucks gazelle dicks, 
  i 'll go out on a limb here and guess that the popular solution was to drink to forget, 
  i just ate and i 'm hungry again thanks, 
  alanya has a reputation for being the absolute worst vacation spot in the entirety of turkey , you are really getting what you paid for . 
  the greek consulate hands out schengens like candy , the prices are comparable and you get the foreign tourist treatment , it 's no surprise that many people i know from turkey chose greece as their summer vacation spot this year . 
  what really changed is that in the eyes of the average foreign traveler , greece is the quality tourism destination and turkey is the alternative cheap one -- as long as the economy is like this in greece people will keep choosing them . 
  this stereotype also explains why europeans ( except for the british who somehow know where exactly to go ) keep flocking to the worst places along the mediterranean coast just because they 're slightly cheaper . 
  also while i 'm assuming that british tabloids are going insane over the current turmoil we 're in civilians that are n't near the south eastern border should be more than safe . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are people from northern cyprus on here but this post was made at 2 am so they might be at work or gambling right now or sth i was there once for a week for a touristic visit , it 's a lot different than how i imagine the other countries as there is n't really any immediate conflict or any risk of warfare in cyprus . 
  the greek-turkish relations got significantly better in the late 90s , we both have greater concerns as of now , and cypriots are generally chill people who make cheese , drink and gamble . 
  one thing that 's great is that since the country is unrecognized by everybody but turkey fast food franchises ca n't use their actual names for legal reasons -- so burger king is burger city , mcdonalds is called big mac . 
  you finished my favorite movie and my favorite season of any tv show on the same day , it 's all downhill from here buddy, 
  would n't varoufakis leaving syriza be unexpected ? 
  i remember zizek talking about how varoufakis was upset about the negotiations but understood the ideological sacrifice tsipras had to make completely . 
  icelandic people kept telling me that they were historically allies with the us and russia for a long time when i was there last year , what changed now ? 
  i actually thought you were doing better with russia recently because of the recent economic crisis and the western backlash against whaling . 
  that 's the nicest stereotype i 've ever heard about turkey, 
  porzingod though, 
   has turkey not supported isis by training and fighting against syria no  how will this affect turkeys strategy/view of isis ? 
  isis used to be the lunatic bad guys that operated outside of our borders . 
  the average turkish person was concerned , but most people did n't see fighting a threat outside of turkish borders for the price of turkish lives to be reasonable . 
  while most people were enraged when akp 's prime minister hesitated to call isis a terrorist organization or when a turkish newspaper revealed how trucks were operating across the border to aid isis with weapons and health supplies ; akp 's voter base tended to act apathetic rather than supportive . 
   how do turkish people view isis before this incident - and what is the media saying now . 
  except for a delusional extreme minority turkish people are completely against isis , for obvious reasons . 
  the government is trying to aid isis secretly to keep from angering masses -- because they are genuinely islamist cunts who see isis as `` brothers misbehaving '' . 
  there 's a reason why they were very careful about not leaking the information though , their voter base definitely is n't unanimously behind this decision -- most of them are just ordinary people hoping for a stable government and nothing else . 
  kinda like putin 's voter base .
