   but that 's complete and utter bullshit considering the genocide and it 's recognition is an integral part of armenian national identity , i do n't think that 's `` complete and utter bullshit '' -- at least for the people who legally own land that is extremely valuable as of today . 
  there are like thousands of midges everywhere , it feels like someone 's constantly rubbing his hands all over your face unless you pay like 20 dollars for a mask or go into the natural bath ( which we ended up doing ) . 
  i probably would have died of asphyxiation if my tent did n't have a mosquito net . 
  everywhere outside of bucharest is pretty depressing , significantly lacks any decent infrastructure , and corruption is absurdly high . 
  turkish rural life standards are probably worse , but in terms of city lifestyle it 's honestly better than most balkan countries ; even the predominantly kurdish cities close to the middle east are more livable , at least before isis . 
  ayy bb ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  who became autonomous , the dutch side or the french side of the island ? 
  it 's completely a cultural thing -- there is no reason a country like romania where anywhere but the largest cities are connected with dirt roads and 10 out of 9 politicians are corrupt should get in either , but people were completely fine . 
  eu will never admit turkey because they do n't want to open borders to extreme immigration ( which is a very valid concern ) and cypriot lobbying , not because of life standards . 
  i 'd love to enter the eu as schengen visas are ridiculously short termed and expensive , but i think it 's obvious that for there has never been any sort of a chance for turkey to get in . 
  as we approach erdogan 's 15th year in office , i do n't think we get to complain about insane neighbors . 
  there are dozens of us, 
  supporters of nihal atsiz are not a sizeable minority by any means though . 
  his ideology is an extreme branch of neo-fascism , and they are known better in turkey not by the name `` atsizcilar '' , but as `` kafatascilar '' which translates to `` skull measurers '' . 
  this is because their turanist ideology is so absurd that they actively measured people 's skulls and told them how `` pure '' their turkishness was . 
  i would n't say even the people we call ultra nationalists on the political scene are this blatantly supportive of the armenian genocide . 
  [ best known for their powerful performances alongside whitney houston ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpfand5x7eg ), 
  [ never forget ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqxaadl44uq ), 
  the most french headline in human history, 
  she take my money, 
  it 's poor without a doubt . 
  i think turks get a pass though , as the language is n't even based on pie or a semitic ancestor . 
  a turkish speaker basically learns the fundamentals of a language again when they learn english , unlike a germanic language speaker where almost everything is the same . 
  i was lucky enough to start learning it at a very young age that i 'm at a native/near native level ( i also live in the us now ) , but practically no one in my family over the age of 30 speaks any english beyond a few common phrases . 
  although weirdly , like / u/louis _ kuk said job prospects are significantly diminished in a corporate environment if you do n't speak english fluently . 
  he did n't possibly cheat , there 's almost no doubt that he cheated . 
  electricity goes out for 6 hours when it is looking like his opponent is about to win , results declared at 6am in the neighborhood where his opponent was expected to comfortably win ( cankaya ) , all the votes for him are moved one slot down to the next party on the ballot . 
  the most egregious example was how in the school the opposition candidate voted in it was announced that no one voted for the candidate 's party , but almost everyone voted for the party listed below . 
  it was a complete shitshow , of course appeals were rejected and we now pretend this never happened . 
  i would assume a muslim american would n't start the post with `` this is how a muslim would reply to your post . '', 
  but it might just be me . 
  is muslim roleplaying by random americans a thing now ? 
  turks generally are very susceptible to believing that authority is a sacred , untouchable concept from my experience , so people in power are comically respected and on the other end people in power expect a lot of respect . 
  so there 's this inherent subconscious belief in many people that there 's a greater power holding them back from achieving power in a social or corporate situation , even when they barely try to make things happen . 
  for instance i 'd say six out of ten people you would ask on the street would n't know who einstein is , but everyone knows who rothschild and rockefeller et al. 
  are -- because they rule the world , they hold turkey back from becoming a great power , all that . 
  there 's stuff like the boron conspiracy ( seriously , do n't even ask ) most turks know of and some straight up believe in -- it 's only natural that erdogan and friends have used this tendency to their full advantage . 
  the average voter of his genuinely believes in a worldwide conspiracy mentioned above . 
  my theory is that this is the reason why cults of personality spread so easily too -- whether it is for the ( mostly ) good guys ( see ataturk and the kim jong-esque stadium celebrations done on every national holiday ) or the worse ones ( you already know ) . 
  i do n't think people see it as a gateway into full admission though . 
  i personally wanted it because the visa costs a fuckton , and you need a bunch of obscure documents , and you ca n't really spontaneously travel unless you have a multi-entry visa from an earlier planned trip . 
  i had a sweet portugal-southern spain trip planned out which partially fell through because of that among other things , but it 's not like there 's any way the deal goes through now so i 'm not too distraught over it . 
  five of these make up a portion of the turkish press we call `` yandas medya '' , they 're known for parroting erdogan and his worshippers ( best known for incidents where they printed the exact same headline multiple times , [ here ] ( http://www.insanhaber.com/sites/default/files/resimler/070620131007564629882_4_1_0.jpg ) , [ here ] ( http://www.gazete2023.com/images/haberler/7-gazete-ayni-basligi-attid3fc4c4edd4bbb8f5bd1.jpg ) and [ here ] ( https://galeri7.uludagsozluk.com/289/ayn%c4%b1-g%c3%bcn-ayn%c4%b1-man%c5%9feti-atan-gazeteler_492760.jpg ) ) . 
  zaman is n't that much different , but they support a different portion of turkish conservatives -- they were the worst before their organization 's fallout with erdogan . 
  akit is notoriously the worst of the bunch ( if that 's possible ) ; they 've openly made targets of people , published death threats for anti-erdogan celebrities , celebrated islamist massacres in the past . 
  they also censor open body parts when they publish photos of women ( [ here ] ( http://www.yeniakit.com.tr/haber/geziden-sonra-kacti-para-icin-kosa-kosa-geldi-22004.html ) ) because islam reasons or whatever , i do n't really know . 
  sozcu 's demographic is the ataturk cult of personality type , their support has grown in the past few years as they do n't give a shit about erdogan 's backlash as everyone knows what they stand for and they 're pretty up front with their criticism , but their worldview is obviously really fucking stupid at times . 
  hurriyet is really the only populist newspaper here , and their rhetoric reflects the turkish public 's view along the lines of `` we thought we were friends germany , ugh '' . 
  i have n't checked other headlines but i do n't think there 's reasonable coverage of the news apart from a few newspapers like cumhuriyet or birgun . 
  it 's ideologically possible , but simply in terms of numbers it 's not close to ever establishing a majority . 
  chp-mhp-hdp was very much possible , and hdp was willing to make sacrifices to fix the damages , but mhp and their cowardly leader refused to do so . 
  early elections saw mhp lose almost half of their votes , but those votes went to akp instead . 
  to group very superficially , akp-mhp as the right wing is around 60-65 , and chp-hdp combined is 35-40 . 
  that 's why chp-mhp is much more likely , as they share a voter base more than comparable to voters positive about a chp-hdp alliance . 
  either way though , last november broke my spirits completely . 
  i live abroad now , and i do n't think akp 's influence is ever leaving . 
  they 've carefully infiltrated all areas of the government and law , and the one chance we had to change this was of course ruined by ultra-nationalist cunts . 
  worst reading of leo strauss 2016, 
  ukraine had a large amount of grain production , which meant a large amount of what the ussr would qualify as kulaks in the late 20s were present . 
  in addition to dekulakization policies , the redistribution of grain throughout the union which was happening since the revolution was very difficult during the 32-33 famine due to scarcity , and of course the army was first priority . 
  because the inner ukrainian economy ( this economy was mostly minor transactions within the context of the nep ) was incredibly dependent on grain they obviously were n't profiting from , ukraine was hit especially hard . 
  taking into consideration simultaneous policies like korenizatsiya ( where national identities are allowed to thrive due to the soviet belief that nationalities would n't matter when socialism succeeded and nothing but the class struggle would be important ) , i genuinely think it 's absurd to label this a `` genocide '' . 
  the famine was made worse by the economic ineptitude of the stalin regime , as the command economy handled the famine horribly , but there were absolutely no ethnic discrimination behind the decisions , this was the worst failure of a greater soviet phenomenon . 
  ukraine is trying to take advantage of the anti-russian zeitgeist , which i understand because of an obviously justifiable hatred towards what the ussr and the russian federation had done to them at times , but from a historical standpoint this is really , really hard to justify . 
  to be fair he literally said [ i will hoist the flag by myself on the 18 islands ] ( http://t24.com.tr/haber/chpli-vekil-yunana-peskes-cektiginiz-18-adaya-turk-bayragini-tek-basima-cekecegim,375444 ) ( link in turkish ), 
  also known for [ eating 2.5 kilograms of meat at one sitting ] ( http://www.sabah.com.tr/magazin/2012/07/26/bulent-ersoy-ne-bulduysa-yedi ) she does have an incredible voice though . 
  apparently insufferable person, 
  she is a client of my mother 's best friend at the bank they work at , and apparently she called her `` mr. bulent '' ( bulent bey ) once instead of mrs. and she completely flipped and ranted for ten minutes on the phone . 
  i mean , this really is n't a serious pro-government newspaper , it 's a far right crazies ' publication that is being heard of for the first time by literally everyone . 
  do n't let that take away from your crusader fantasies though, 
  yeah i do n't blame you at all . 
  was just pointing out that the initial numbers are practically impossible considering literally every picture shows a 55000m ^ 2 square packed . 
  even if it was like 4-5 people which is incredibly conservative , that would be upwards of 250k and way above the ten thousand figure that was initially on the flair . 
  fair enough . 
  the initial number made it seem like a much smaller deal than it is , however , and i still maintain that 2 mil is the likelier number . 
  maybe something else will eventually get reported . 
  most respectable organs have n't published a number apparently . 
  but again , the `` over 100k '' number seems to be really impossible and there seems to be no proof of it being that little . 
  at least that part should be removed from the flair i think, 
  i mean , at least within turkey i have n't seen a number less than that even from pro-government organs . 
  the bbc reports `` tens of thousands '' however , which is practically impossible considering how large that square is . 
  lmao seriously literally the most conservative predictions have the number over a million . 
  similar rallies that barely filled the square were reported as 2 million + , and probably as many people as the people inside were n't allowed in so the roads were filled too . 
  it 's easy to be understandable in english as the basic grammar is pretty straightforward . 
  fluency takes ages however this english professor explained it to me as an upside down pyramid once . 
  right , this is just false though , there 's absolutely a difference between a german speaker and a non-european speaker . 
  learning english as a turkish native speaker feels less like learning a language and more like learning to speak all over . 
  it 's less the words and more the way you approach grammar that 's the problem . 
  as a native level speaker in both turkish and english i usually ca n't match sentences directly from one language to another without losing meaning . 
  to give you an example going the other way , my roommate ( who only speaks english and knows some high school latin ) started learning german and in a year he 's surprisingly fluent . 
  on the other hand i know language teachers who teach in turkey , and ca n't sound passable for more than 10 seconds after living in turkey for over twenty years . 
  comparing us to estonia or finland imo is pretty unfair as the level of education and income per capita is obviously much higher . 
  an average turk does n't speak english that much worse than someone from spain or italy , and it literally takes like 6 months to become fluent in either of those languages as an english speaker . 
  decently sized being like , 5 people ? 
  i imagine those people on the net hang out on china 's version of / r/thedonald, 
  yo is your name an elio e le storie tese reference ? 
  love it, 
  provinces like sanliurfa , bitlis and mus are also majority kurdish , tunceli 's alawite population is the real reason for this . 
  also the leader of the main opposition party is from there , which actually is a pretty decent factor in turkish elections -- see the ~ 80 % vote for erdogan in rize . 
  euro voters are descendants of low-skilled workers who moved to these countries after ww2 to cover up their lack of a labor force .
