the uk 's recovery has been slow . 
  immediately taxing the shit out of it the moment it starts doing well again is a bad idea , # 1.7 bn is a lot of money that could do a lot more good if it went straight back into the uks budget and thats the way most people in the uk will see it . 
  in general people are still somewhat upset about being dragged into an illegal war yes . 
  i do n't understand why were having to pay such a large sum so quickly . 
  i 've been pro-eu for a long long time but the uk is only just getting its act together , dragging more money out of us when the issue of eu membership is still contentious is hardly a smart idea . 
  by voting leave i piss off the tories , labour , snp , bankers , globalists and eu bureaucrats . 
  i 'm afraid there 's not much you can do to turn me away from that . 
  one is the creation of a new entirely independent sovereign state . 
  the other is the leaving of a transnational organization . 
  there is a pretty big difference . 
  this is n't your choice . 
  is that really hard to understand ? 
  honestly the out campaign has to do fuck all to get the popular vote . 
  the stay campaign is just cockup after cockup . 
  hahahaha . 
  and so europe learned the price of cheap booze . 
  british booze tourism . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  excuse me spain wtf are you doing ? 
   are you aware that negotiations are still ongoing ? 
  so of course it 's just lip service at the moment ... why do n't you wait and see what the result is ? 
  ( unless you do n't actually care about the result , and are therefore incredibly far from the majority of british public opinion ) . 
  because i highly doubt the leaders of europe would sabotage the eu just to keep the uk around . 
  the uk is n't that crucial . 
   again you claim to know things about the british public and what they ( do you not realise i myself am british ? 
  do you think you speak for me ? ), 
  want . 
   you do n't know either of those , you need to stop trying to portray yourself as some public opinion deity . 
  i 'm internet pundit # 1,300,143 . 
  just like you are # 1,300,142 i do n't speak for anyone but myself and what i 've heard . 
  i have n't claimed otherwise . 
   so you are admitting it was a very naive thing to say ? 
  perhaps say what you mean in future . 
  i 'm running on mobile here . 
  makes me lazy when it comes to typing . 
   although , for someone that is apparently `` very much aware '' you are n't aware of the most powerful eu politicians ( merkel , hollande , juncker , schulz , tusk ) all voicing support for the uk to remain . 
  they 've played lip service to keeping the uk in , but their opposition to the measures needed to convince the british public that the eu is best for the uk makes me think otherwise . 
   that 's not what it looks like when reading your comments ... you 've got some massive misconceptions regarding public opinion . 
  if you did , you can come hang with us . 
  denmark is pretty baller . 
   national politics will be a non-factor , the ec will be representing europe as a continent , screwing over small countries is not in the interest of europe . 
  national politics will be a factor , those in the ec will be there to represent the interests of their elective nations . 
  it might not be in the interest of the larger european nations to screw over the smaller ones now . 
  but what about in 10/20/50 years ? 
  international relations can change you know . 
  i should of written `` keep the dissenters quiet and swing those who are undecided ( and hanging on for some sort of sign from the eu they want the uk to stay ) but i am very much aware of the public opinion in the uk . 
  : v i 've been following this for a very long time and i 've changed viewpoints on it several times . 
  i consider the decision key to the future of england and the rest of the uk, 
   if `` foreign interference '' is an issue to you , why did you put that in quotes like foreign is some sort of dirty word ? 
  foreign is n't an insult . 
  at least i do n't use it like one . 
  but you are right , it all rests on the swing voters . 
  their votes will depend on if the eu grants the reform cameron is pushing for . 
  if he 's unsuccessful i predict a very strong `` leave '', 
   that is only as long as there 's no central governance . 
  this is why the eu must be developed and improved , and why national governments must be separated from the central government . 
  things will only get worse for smaller nations as things become more centralised . 
  why should the majority of several hundred million listen to 16 million ? 
  that 's not how democracy works is it ? 
  the eu needs devolution , if you think that the interests of all europe are your own and will stay your own . . well that just seems a bit naive to me . 
  we did n't vote to join , the uk got dragged into this when it was just a trade pact remember ? 
  the uk public has n't been given the choice since 1975 . 
  i really do n't get why smaller eu countries are so keen on federalisation . 
  you 'll just end up like scotland or wales in the uk . 
  beholden to the decisions of more populated nations against your own interests . 
  it 's the pro-eu guys that want concessions . 
  they need them to keep dissenters quiet ( see ? 
  europe will listen to us ! ), 
  even if we do go , do n't expect to hear the end of it though . 
  a united states of europe would put the uk at a big disadvantage . 
  a cynical man would say that it 's in our best interests to try and sabotage the eu ... but realpolitik is so outdated ( or so merkel would tell you ), 
  why should n't we ? 
  the union is supposed to be to our benefit , if it is n't then what is the point of being in it ? 
  it 'd still leave the whole federalisation thing . 
  the end goal of the eu is a united states of europe . 
  plenty of us are very , very wary of that idea . 
  that 's . . not going to help . 
  i do n't trust politicians , why the hell would i listen to foreign politicians who 's interests are n't even remotely in line with my own ? 
  that 's the whole reason i 'll be voting to leave in the first place , i want my governments interests to be the uk 's interests . 
  not the greater eu . 
  france has been dragging their feet on the issue . 
  it 'll be left to bubble until something horrendous happens and they are forced to act . 
  damn shame . 
  hopefully the successes of spacex will allow the esa to do more on their strict budget . . 
  the esa is such an underfunded institution , it 's insane . 
  train fare has gone up 10 bloody pence . 
  utter bastards . 
  first time they 've done that since 1940 ohoohohoho, 
  wait , belgium is real ? 
  were a bit more bitter that the scots and most of europe do n't have to pay . 
  # 9,000 + a year is still a lot to owe . 
  especially when last election the lib dems promised no increase . 
  the tories have done well because they have strong leadership ( in comparison ) and their opposition keeps committing suicide . 
  it 's a bit sad really : c, 
  blair is a criminal and miliband would of been nothing but a sockpuppet for the snp . 
  there are literally no workable candidates for labour who have mass appeal . 
  i do n't know what happened but it seems the pool of people with actually leadership qualities has dried up . 
  labour has n't a chance really . 
  not with a thatcher-era relic at the helm . 
  i want an electable opposition but we ca n't get all we want now can we jezza ?
