  you know the germans got into trouble when they did stuff like that . 
  i may be poorer but atleast my lung capacity is improving with all this holding of ones breath . 
  what a palaver ... 
  sorry ` bout that . 
  but there was a war on . 
  actually the majority that lasted until the end were destroyed by their crews as the russians/allies approached their fields if i remember correctly . 
  poor show i say . 
  this is amazing news . 
  there are far fewer examples of german aircraft than allied . 
  more is better especially if they are restored , ww2 planes are fascinating . 
  top men working on it . 
  top men . 
  it wont be a disaster , i like to think there are enough smart people on both sides to keep things ticking . 
  it 's very sad that politics dictates that somebody has to lose our in the coming arrangement . 
  i voted to remain . 
  i convinced my family to vote remain . 
  i bear no responsibility for this , so jog on . 
  as for sinking ships , there are far too many of those to be jumping from one to another . 
  we 'll survive . 
  just did n't think i would be part of such a bumpy patch . 
  shoot me . 
  vegemite is marmite for babbies . 
  any shortage of marmite has major implications for my breakfast and that can not stand . 
  ever gotten a lift from a friend ? 
  ever found out during that drive that your friend drives like a maniac ? 
  remember that sense of powerlessness that comes over you as you realise you ca n't do a thing until you reach the destination ( of their choosing ) ? 
  that 's what being a remainer is like . 
  i do not like how the worth of my savings keep going bloody down . 
  funnily enough harlow town looks like something out of a former eastern bloc country . 
  so many ugly concrete buildings from the 60 's, 
  i think your right on number of agencies , but not in the number of rifles if that makes any sense . 
  funnily enough the weapon of choice for sf these days are either made-to-order ar-15s from the us or colt canada c7/c8 's, 
  the hk416 is a great rifle , but this is a poor decision . 
  the 416 's do n't have parts commonality with ar-15 's so sourcing replacement parts and upgrades will have to come from h&k , who wo n't hesitate to put the squeeze on the french military . 
  funny how all those listed are far nicer places than any russian city . 
  what a farce , if were throwing tact out the window does anyone want a dresden commemorative molotov cocktail ? 
  try making long , long term plans . 
  it 's even worse . 
  i 'm really not quite sure what the devil is going on anymore . 
  welcome to the ride mate !, 
  the ride never ends . 
  sorry merkel my dear we 'll have to get back to the whole leave , do n't leave whenever things stop catching fire . 
   what the british people have shown they want , 52 % of the people who voted showed they wanted to leave . 
  that is not a majority in terms of population at all . 
  please stop forgetting about those of us that voted remain kthnx, 
  it would be glorious . 
  were it not for the fact i 'm smack dab in middle of it . 
  it 's a very peculiar sense of helplessness . 
  0/10 would not recommend . 
  she 'd have the majority support of parliament , the people who elect her party want to remain and she puts the snp in a perfect position for a coalition government for the future . 
  i 'd fucking do it . 
  do it . 
  do it you crazy bint . 
  i voted remain . 
  i 'll be damned if i leave europe to german hegemony . 
  does n't count !, 
  we were n't allowed to shoot . 
  when fighting an insurgency , it was thought that the best way to deal with it was to separate the civilian populace from whatever insurgent group you were fighting and concentrate them in one area where they could be monitored . 
  hence `` concentration camp '' hell even the usa 's efforts in vietnam used the same tactic . 
  hardly comparable from camps built with the express purpose of murder . 
  horrific ? 
  yes , but the difference in intent is great . 
   auxit sounds like a bloody mineral . 
  militaires sans frontieres commented `` we 'll gladly take the money to sort syria for you '', 
  no french or belgians . 
  i guess us tommies decided to have a fight because we fancied it then , not to help our allies . 
  the treaty of windsor was n't struck down as a result so i 'd say it still stands . 
  technically it was more of a `` in case one or the others existence was threatened '' sort of deal . 
  colonial possessions are a bit different . 
  hell we were offered use of the azores under the treaty as recently as the falklands war . 
  that was even after the whole india debacle . 
  well then . 
  a happy portugal day to our oldest ally . 
  heres to good food , colonialism and having a good old moan ` bout the spanish . 
  yep , strategically sound when said allies response to `` where are your reserves '' is `` what reserves '', 
  the teams always say they have a strategy , they never said it was a winning one . 
  fair play , nothing wrong with poking a bit of fun . 
  now if you 'll excuse me * ahem * two world wars and one world cup . 
  dooo daaa dooo daaa . 
  oh in the case i wanted them to stay . 
  honestly i saw no reason to rock the boat when the apparatus for scotland to get the devolution they wanted was already there . 
  to an unfair degree in some cases ( english mps ca n't vote on scottish laws but scot mps can vote on english laws for example ), 
  of course . 
  i felt going it alone and basing half their economy on north sea oil was going to be a bad idea ( looking at the price of oil now ... glad they did n't ) but it was their choice to make . 
  honestly my main concern was what would happen to the union jack . 
  it 's such a pretty flag . . 
  right now we have it , sure . 
  but the future of federalisation needs powers to be stripped away from national governments to succeed . 
  that 's not to say that 's a bad thing . 
  it just goes against my principles . 
  i do n't want to steer other nations . 
  just my own . 
  i ca n't fix the eu . 
  i 'm not german enough nor rich enough . 
  i also have family to worry about and help support but hey !, 
  lets drop it all and run for office . 
  national sovereignty and ability to decide ones own future are also on the table . 
  if the issue were purely economical it 'd be clear cut and i would n't be spending so much time trying to make up my mind . 
  i do n't doubt there will be a negative economical impact . 
  but i ca n't help but doubt this prediction given their poor track trecord . .
