  `` sir , you 've had enough to drink '' continentals have no respect for british traditions . 
  i 'm not bashing . 
  it 's just banter comrade . 
  good . 
  boaty mcboatface is far too american . 
  it 's long , repeats itself and is n't very funny . 
  edit : please note , this is a joke . 
  ca n't even play to dour stereotypes anymore these days . 
   uk has this fucked up voting system not allowing any change anyway , so the rich people will stay in power indefinitely . 
  it 's the exact same in germany my friend . 
  in fact in all of europe . 
  politicians are a class of people completely separate from traditional national divides . 
  they do n't care if germany , france or belgium do well . 
  if you think that federalist politicians are pushing for a united europe out of good will and not because it suits a globalist corporate agenda you are quite naive . 
  are british politicians fucked ? 
  sure . 
  but it 'll be much easier to deal with them than to walk on over to brussels and kick junker in the shins . 
   set up a united european defence force , independent from nato as someone who 's quite into the military side of the world . 
  getting europe to agree on any piece of equipment from service rifle to rations would be fucking impossible . 
   i hope the british leave eu , since they are just a vasal of the us which sabotages the further progress of eu . 
  ca n't have a silly thing like national sovereignty get in the way of our precious progress can we ? 
  again with the insult `` pussies '' you could at least be more inventive . 
  it 's not that i ca n't `` handle it '' there is no choice in the matter , if too much smoke hits my throat and lungs i become unable to breath and even with an inhaler breathing is difficult . 
  i am not going to be forced to avoid all public areas because of smoke , and obviously a lot of people agree with me hence why these laws are in place . 
  smoking is a net negative in the long run , why even defend it ? 
  i 'm hardly `` ruinng it '' mate , you can still go outside if you want to drink and smoke a fag . 
  i think it 's plenty fair for you to have to do that instead of forcing everyone around you to breath in your smoke . 
  i do n't think being able to breath is an unreasonable request when i go to a public place . 
  i 'm afraid my asthma was not a lifestyle choice so you can crawl up your own arse . 
  i remember the day they banned smoking indoors , since then pubs have been such nicer places to be . 
  as a much maligned remainer , lets hope we can just get something somewhat sensible set up that maintains the status quo as much as possible . 
  no point burning bridges when ( as far as i know ) the british isles are n't going to move to the middle of the atlantic all of a sudden ... though that would do my ping to us servers quite a lot of good . 
  good luck everyone . 
  i doubt the scots are going anywhere and i have no celtic ancestry so that 's not a great plan . 
  well , if it 's all the same to you . 
  i 'd like to stay friends . 
  i voted to remain , and now i 'm being forced to go . 
  right pigs ear of a situation . 
  i do sincerely hope i can opt into eu citizenship though . 
  in the words of my ancestors . 
  bollocks . 
  something far more serious than god . 
  pizza toppings . 
  london ? 
  not getting what it wants ? 
  now there is a first . 
  my little corner of the world , not flash or fancy but nice enough . 
  we show up as the bad guys in the history of most nations but we are still around and kicking . 
   even in war , you 'd rather shoot to wound than to kill because wounded men take manpower away from the enemy no . 
  you shoot at what you can hit . 
  every military marksmanship course teaches to aim center mass if possible and anything else if it 's not available . 
  when rounds are being fired there is no such thing as `` shoot to wound '' , bullets are completely unpredictable and even a shot to the toe can be lethal . 
  either the eu or us dirty millennials . 
  literally from the moment i wake up till the moment i go to bed . 
  i have a problem . 
  good place to get absolutely shitfaced , you can make a lifelong drinking buddy within 20 minutes . 
  do n't think pepe got an invite . 
  i see you down there malta . 
  good job !, 
  shoot me . 
  it 's bloody shocking . 
  i used the train to make the trip to work in se england for about 4 years until i passed my driving test in october . 
  fares always went up ( # 5 a day for a return ticket to a station only two stops away , up to # 7 if i had to come in on peak time ) and the trains were always late . 
  we are n't talking 5 minutes either . 
  10-15 minute delays were incredibly common and if something went wrong the amount of communication from the staff or social media was pretty shit . 
  you 'd stand around for an hour umming and ahhing watching the trains get pushed back further and further until they all get cancelled . 
  i would but nobody will come with me  : c, 
  generally speaking protestantism is more flexible on social issues . 
  that and complete dismay over what 's happened . 
  once upon a time i really hated the eu and wanted out . 
  however as the referendum dawned i decided to use the internet to try and figure out what that would actually mean . 
  surprise !, 
  turns out i was woefully uninformed about the european union and i did a 180 on it . 
  even making an effort to travel more to understand mainland europe better . 
  then suddenly , wham . 
  all that effort to make an informed decision seems to have been wasted . 
   this is some serious reichsb\u00fcrger / sovereign citizen shit . 
  political selfishness brought to a new extreme . 
  is it really so incomprehensible that i might strongly disagree with something that goes against my core ideals ? 
  by the end of brexit i will no longer be a european citizen , able to live and work anywhere in the eu . 
  that is something i find intolerable , to be stripped of something that i consider important . 
  thanks for being reasonable , it 's interesting how daring to suggest that the electorate is not some all seeing all knowing omniscient entity makes me a fascist to some people . 
   it 's clear you do n't give two shits about democracy when it creates a result you do n't like . 
  quite the opposite . 
  i was happy that ukip did n't get any seats in the 2015 , until i saw the number of votes they got . 
  i do n't think it was right for nearly four million people to vote for a party and for them to only get one seat . 
   why should millions of people tolerate that you drag them into things they dont want to ? 
  they should n't and that 's the whole problem . 
  it 's not about compromise because there is none . 
   a democratically elected parliament elected through first past the post ... a system wholly unsuited for a democracy . 
  for christ sake , criticising democracy does n't mean i want to fucking abolish it . 
  it just means i think it can be done better . 
  no , i 'm against plebiscites on generation spanning decisions that can be passed on a 2 % majority . 
  especially when there is no accountability for lying to the public . 
  and it 's an unacceptable . 
  i do n't tolerate people dragging me into things i do n't want to do in my personal life . 
  why should i when it comes to decisions of national importance ? 
  no i ca n't possibly see how being free of the eu 's worker and data protections could do british citizens any harm when the government has an agenda of privacy invasion . 
   i thought all you remoaners funny, 
  vote and hope for a miracle .
