  but i 'm 0-2 on that working so i 'll get back to you when i find a better idea . 
   you tell them , mussolini !, 
  discontent with a decision is not fascism you numpty . 
  i appreciate the response . 
  but i find the idea that `` that 's just how democracy works '' to be sickening . 
  people should n't be forced to endure others ignorance . 
  there wo n't be any repercussions because at the end of the day , with the eu out of the picture the government of the uk will just consolidate its control at the expense of its citizens . 
   the best course of action is to let it happen and teach everyone a lesson in practical stupidity what about people who voted remain ? 
  or are we just collateral damage ? 
   tho , personally , if there was a war . . i 'd probably prefer the ag3 or hk417 . 
  haha , everyone says that until they have to hump around the ammunition . 
  there is a very good reason both east and west have moved to 5 . xx calibers . 
  the lethality of 7.62 is n't that much greater plus the effective range increase is mostly meaningless in a service rifle . 
  the performance increase is marginal for the price increase , and again the aftermarket options are n't great . 
  h&k are n't a trustworthy supplier in my mind . 
  the move to short stroke gas piston is mostly to alleviate the bad reputation the m16 's direct impingement got in the 60 's . 
  it 's a long drawn out subject that was more a us bureaucratic fuck-up than anything to do with the rifle but the reputation has stuck . 
  norway 's move was more about sourcing newer rifles produces closer rather than replacing bad rifles with good ones . 
  if they were going to all 416 's then it makes sense for the sof to adopt them too to smooth out supply . 
  it 's not a bad choice , just one that goes beyond simply `` which is best ? '' . 
  i should really do a write up on it one day . 
  special forces will use whatever they deem they need to use ( canadian c8 carbines for the most part ) for everyone else a standard rifle plus carbine is a massive logistics saving worth investing in . 
  i think , given the big arms manufacturers in play : bofors , fn , h&k ( blech ) steyr , nexter etc etc all with national interests . 
  the chances of coming out with a rifle not muddled with political bullshit is low and the final product will not suit all the nations involved . 
   ar platform hks the 416s are good rifles , but compared to colt canada ar 's they are overpriced and offer barely any improvement . 
  not to mention they lock out a lot of aftermarket upgrades and put you in h&k 's pocket for logistics . 
  after the g36 / mp7 affair h&k should be avoided . 
  it 's a fair cop . 
  i was being pointlessly reductionist . 
  but i simply do n't have time to draw up a full list of all the different doctrine requirements , production needs , logistical and financial concerns that such a rifle for example would need to meet to work for eu wide adoption . 
  even then there would be regional variation . 
  my personal pick would be canadian c7 rifles because the ar-15 just werks and bullpups are a meme . 
  but political meddling will always prevent that , that is just how military procurement works . . 
  performance be damned . 
  given all the different arms manufacturers , environments and simple doctrine . 
  it 's very . . very difficult . 
  for the best in the long run , swapping mortar tables with people can get messy if the units are different . 
  it does , i like guns so i try to keep up to date with the goings on , and by all measurements the g36 is a failure and the mp7 vs p90 debacle shows how far h&k will pull strings . 
  german rifles have been proven to be spotty at best . 
  h&k can not be trusted . 
   common equipment i do n't know how much you know about military procurement . 
  but getting one military to adopt anything is hard enough . 
  getting multiple nations to accept a single doctrine let alone rifle ? 
  yeaaaah no . 
  just because those vikings spoke french does n't make them french . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . 
  come at me mon amis . 
  preferably through this highly prepared field of defences and into longbow range . 
  plz ban frenchies . 
  - lots of love - angland, 
  yes , they are private companies , but after the us gov started stepping down funding for some aggressor flights they offer their services to the usaf who use them for training as it 's cheaper . 
  they also use the jets for test pilot training . 
  they actually have some i think . 
  i know one us company bought some . 
  nope . 
  see my second comment . 
  the f1 has a lot of similar characteristics to aircraft in russia/iran/syria 's arsenal . 
  us pilots fight against european fighters nearly every red flag exercise anyway . 
  so you would think . 
  but the training is typically more aimed at close range dogfights . 
  the mirage is similar enough in aerodynamic profile to a good chunk of russian aircraft and that 's what matters . 
  same reason the f-5 is used to simulate a mig-21 . 
  not really , these are for training us pilots against as `` aggressor '' aircraft . 
  essentially , giving us pilots a chance to practice fighting against aircraft they are not familiar with . 
  at least you get a flag . 
  apparently the land of angles is n't worthy . 
  this is where the popes lives !, 
  get you one !, 
  welcome aboard montenegro . 
  here 's a bucket of 5.56 . 
  at least he has spunk . 
  haaaaaaa . 
  you know what 's scary ? 
  bbc push notifications . 
  hoping its not serious, 
  her track record on lgbt rights , her inability to give a straight answer , her parties fascination with destroying the nhs and disabled people . 
  oh it 's on the list my friend . 
  i 've seen some fantastic pictures of croatia , beautiful place . 
   do n't hate us , we love you britons no , apology not accepted . 
  i 'm planning a trip to athens right now just to spite you and i will be as obnoxious as possible . 
  ~ ~ not really , it 's all bants m8 ~ ~, 
  oh for fucks sake , shut your face you dozy mare . 
   probably need to be relocated to britain forcibly moving populations is what got us in this situation in the first place ( among other things ) . 
  i do n't see that as a solution . 
  does ireland even want ni back ? 
  it 's a massive financial sinkhole . 
  i 'm all for reunification if it 's what everyone want 's but it 'll be bloody costly for the emerald isle . 
  hell the reliability issues of the m-16 were n't even the rifles fault . 
  it was due to a change in powder for the ammunition without accounting for it in the rifle , that and some bright spark deciding they could be issued without cleaning kits . 
  the phrase is meant more as `` you can have any opinion you want , but this is inarguable '', 
  say what you will about yanks , but their planes work . 
  the f-16 will keep going and going and going and going . 
  huh . 
  * adds wine from montenegro to shopping list *, 
  far more of my money goes towards financing far more extravagant lifestyles . 
  if 50 pence a year is what it costs me to have a bit of pomp in life then so be it . 
  breaking : large orange object continues to hang in the sky , more on this as it develops . 
  all british armoured vehicles will always maintain the boiling vessel my latvian friend . 
  forever . 
  makes sense , that 's why the pale abrams is wearing a jacket .
