its available in croatia , 
  no potato or wife , politbiro stole both, 
  dont be so butt hurt , pun intended, 
  tripple , priest is married, 
  note to self never marry french women, 
  i have always found it interesting how european left , russian far right and that upstart from turkey have similar insults and phrases when dealing with political opponents, 
  merkel made it worse with her all are welcome bullshit thats when the real surge of illegal migrants started to push their way across south east europe . 
  it might very well be that someone linked old article and i just assumed its recent , as i said im not very well informed  thx for explaining the situation i appreciate it , you have beer on me when i visit :d, 
  i read an article that woman got wounded in dnipro by explosive device , and dnipro seems to be quite far away from frontlines , thats why i was asking how far east is it safe to travel before i have to start to worry about stuff like that . 
  im sorry if these questions sound stupid to you guys living there , but im not very well informed of recent situation and im genuinely interested . 
  i would love to visit ukraine one day , i will probably stick to western parts but how far east is it safe to go ? 
  top is superior position definitely , but bottom can work too if you have bunch of towels or are into whole pain thing :p, 
  i drank mirinda a lot when i was a kid ( croatia ) and i always thought its our '' knockoff '' of fanta , like we had cockta kinda being knockoff coca-cola . 
  i still love mirinda but i cant seem to find it anywhere anymore :(, 
  sand gets everywhere , and manages to find its way to areas where you want it the least . 
  source : had sex on sandy beach few times never again . 
  well thats how its supposed to be in perfect world and car commercials . 
  it doesnt work that way in real world . 
  even if you put that aside it doesnt change fact that on electronic heavy cars if electronics fail you lose basic car function of moving it from a to b. while on models with less electronics its still possible to use the car . 
  refueling car for at least 30 minutes but more like an hour isnt quick in my book . 
  and thats with those quickchargers otherwise it takes multiple hours . 
  more expensive repairs , more things that break down , reliant on working electronics for basic functions , like locking/unlocking , starting up etc. 
  just because there wasnt term describing tactics doesnt mean they werent used . 
  and here i am wishing there was less electronics in cars :(, 
  who cares about quarter mile ? 
  trip back home instead of 5 hours would take 10 + hours with crappy electric car with shitty range and slow recharge , not to mention battery losing their capacity overtime . 
  spotlight from nightclub revelin , helps drunken people find their way :p, 
  feels like that attack was merely delayed for 16 years, 
  hehe just a look on that silly trolls face was enough :d, 
  well from farmers point of view wolfs are pests . 
  something is killing your livelyhood and you cant do shit coz wolfs are pretty and rare . 
  anyway out of curiosity is your government compensating farmers for the damage ? 
  [ that train departed ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/dv-lfyb7wsfxwfaina3jeexqsboe4o6eooyc2gt8a7s.png?w=589&amp;s=3b9609baafb188339a5b546070258a9e ), 
   and serbia was not interested in helping out rsk either way in the first place . 
  it would have been to costly . 
  not entirely true , they were interested but couldnt help right away . 
  if i recall right milosevic asked them to hold out for 7 days . 
   that tank column thing is a moronic myth . 
  plenty of documentation and evidence about that happening from serbian side too if you trust those more . 
   but vrs was not . 
  from your stories i assume you were participant as tanker back then ? 
  realistically how would you pull off successful defense with your transportation routes being clogged full with retreating civilians and military columns , with communication lines destroyed ? 
  with military demoralized by crushing defeat of your friends mere days before ? 
  how long would you manage to last before serbia sent help or your leaders surrendered ? 
   they allegedly threatened croatia , while they actually bombed us . 
  some help that is , they were directly attacking us for fuck 's sake . 
  their threats are documented , some wanted to ignore them and pursue the operation anyway but it was decided to stop it . 
  they did bomb you but in same time prevented your decisive defeat, 
  they did bomb some communication centers which certainly helped but wasnt decisive action . 
  tbh more helpful was russia with their s300 anti air system that they sold us which was huge deterrence from any serbian air counter attacks . 
  nothing was in shambles ? 
  dude . . novakovic run over his own civilian column with his armored group during his retreat . 
  if thats not army in mess i dont know what is . 
  they helped you by threatening croats with air strikes if we continue any further , so operation was stopped . 
  americans stopped croatian forces from advancing further after operation storm . 
  your army was in shambles and was retreating halfway to serbia . 
  if americans havnt helped you there wouldnt be rs today . 
   nobody was given anything , we took it . 
  actually americans pretty much gave it to you, 
  they ruin all them countries , in latvia they steal potato and wife , in croatia they steal ac , i can only imagine what happens in other countries, 
  proof we were so modern and ahead of our times . 
  we brought light to those savages . 
  photo cant lie, 
  udba stole our ac, 
  [ we made a song about our arrival ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idsfdeucvkc ) play it at customs and we will forget about your transgression and mentioning pesky illyrians, 
  got ta make more pula memes on r/romania and get their newfound euromonies, 
  i call for invasion of that moon as our first act as an empire !, 
   not universal . 
  and the goal is not for wildlife not to enter , i do n't know where you 're from but here we 're very conscious about not cutting migration paths . 
  wildlife needs to cross highways . 
  thats what wildlife bridges are for , animals dont belong to roads and i find it extremely weird you dont have measures to prevent that , but i guess that would explain why migrants have such easy access . 
  im from croatia and highways have fences along their whole length , only way to access it is via access roads which are also monitored and you would have to walk by toll booths on foot for quite a while . 
  its specific crime , happening continuously in specific area , committed by specific group of people . 
  dont forget video games , we should never skip a chance to blame something on video games :d, 
   they simply cut down the tree and let it fall on the road , they do n't bring it to the spot . 
  so why arnt the trees which are in range of highway preemptively cut down ? 
  why can they even get close enough to the highway to start cutting said trees . 
  highways have fences on their perimeter to prevent wildlife from entering . 
  put some warning system on said fences , in case they start cutting through them too . 
  yeah i have such superiority complex to think that having tree trunks in middle of highway is not normal and shouldnt be normal , and if it keeps on happening then authorities should try bloody harder to prevent it . 
  i get his point and its disgusting , '' we shouldnt protect our citizens because its costs money '' . 
  but if you really insist on getting into economics and putting price on human life , then its cost effective to employ more police , while that will increase budgets spending it will prevent economy deterioration due to unsecure work and living environment . 
  terrorism and lawlessness dont go hand in hand with economic prosperity , and ignoring cases of blatant lawlessness will have negative economic consequences of much higher magnitude than direct budget hit of employing more police and army personnel . 
  croatian actually :p, 
  you are comparing apples and oranges trying to support unsupportable stance . 
  getting tree trunks on the road takes time its loud and visible , this leaves plenty of time for proper reaction . 
  they have specific area where this thing keeps on happening on regular basis so they only have to cover that section . 
  make proper camera cover and response teams , and as soon as these assholes start cutting down and dragging trunks you can have riot police on the spot in 5-10 minutes before the trunks end up on highway . 
  most of european highways already have good camera cover and response ambulance/firefighting teams which can reach any section in 10 minutes in case of accidents . 
  expand this with riot police and better perimeter camera coverage and you have solution . 
  heck if necessary cut down trees around that section of highway so assholes dont have resources to block the road . 
  all those solutions are if you want to firefight barbaric behavior . 
  there are plenty more solutions that would resolve root of the problem . 
  accepting that trunks on highways is normal everyday thing that we should learn to deal with is definitely not a solution and honestly i find such stance disgusting . 
  if they actually did something effective against it , those blockades wouldnt keep on happening, 
  maybe its time to stop caring about assholes crying fascism and start solving the problem . 
   it would n't be worth it . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  these people have been terrorizing drivers for 2 years and now killed one , and you say policing that area isnt worth it ? 
  well they kinda are , since these blockades have been happening for ages and now they managed to cause a death too,
