  beer beer beer beer beer !, 
  good people too . 
  i did n't speak about race , i speak about pigment , tanner if u wish jesus christ-allah ... ~ ~ anyway i already made it a big deal since i replied so many times -_- . ~ ~ hahahahahahhahaha !, 
  how did u know that word lol it 's not an easy one for sure.it took me a while to understand ( because u ' r not greek ) and it was funny af haha . 
  i do n't think they are blacks as well , more black than us yes . 
  i mean `` not that black '' my point is still valid though . 
  btw hi neighbor, 
  this bitch hates us . ^ / s, 
  after 1180 the empire was basically dead there was no stable government and the palace was full of traitors , at the same time the empire was collapsing from all fronts : bulgarians and serbs rebel with the first making an empire.the sack of thessalonica by the ~ ~ not so ~ ~ lovely normans destroyed the empires second biggest city and it was a result of a constant norman invasion at the western parts of the empire . 
  the battle of myriokephalon ( 1176 ) had also a big impact on our rulling on asia minor but overall i agree that the 4th crusade was the last decisive hit . 
  the middle ages are considered to be over after this event or the discovery of america , either the fall of the roman empire was a big deal . 
  heh better than those german states that you ca n't name in the map during the high middle age / s haha, 
   a shadow of her former self . 
  thats literally the way it is described in the book of the fifth grade of elementary school, 
  it is a specific type of racism do n't lose the point in details . 
  wtf really ? 
  that 's kinda hyberbolic at least.we should not judge anyone base on skin but do n't say that everything is the same or frequently cause that 's not true . 
  i wo n't say specific people i know or my family cause that 's not general - know that in the balkans we are diverse but not black . 
  visit my country to see the people :d !, 
  edit : any of you downvoters actually visited those places ? 
  i have and i ca n't this nonsense xd . 
  agreed !, 
  there 's no `` reverse-racism '' only racism . 
  now , you can get away with melania, 
  i knew that turkey was eastern greece but i did n't expect it was `` greeker '' / s, 
  or the persiest of persians, 
  u ll never qualify as a viking with those jokes / snot/s, 
  shhhh time to destroy hungary, 
  how the fuck u learn that shit on high school xd . 
  we learn about the hrm very general stuff and mostly our disputes on italy . 
  26 years before the hungarian nightmare begun lol, 
  i think that greece is giving too much . . 
  since turkey is an `` ally '', 
  ahhahahaahahahah u gave me a good laugh lol, 
  justin trudeau is the hottest !, 
  ahahahhahahahah that was so sassy lol, 
  heheheh i bet those swamp germans have `` trash tv moments '' too !, 
  ~ ~ how to get completely out of thread ~ ~, 
  the greek national channel once : `` will the u.k. 's return back to sterling affect greek tourism '' i was studying with the tv open and then hearing this i was like what the fucking fuck lol . 
  aaaaaaaaah so quiet it seems xd . 
  that 's right !, 
  it says that manchester is part of london : ddd . 
  meanwhile at a greek gossip television program : `` terror attack with 22 dead people at ariana grande 's concert at manchester of london '' . 
  [ link ] ( https://i.redd.it/19e67spli9zy.jpg ), 
  that 's where the turkish level of education is left / s, 
  and spain did excellent at the contest :d, 
  vampire in czechia xd, 
  i 'm refering to both.i replied him too . 
  i did n't attack that user and neither i checked his post history . 
  do n't put thing on my mouth lol ( that 's about saying that i think it 's reaonable ) . 
  as long as someone posts something online it 's open to critisize whether i like it or not . 
  have a good day too , 
  point me any absurdness i possible made because i do n't understand on what point i told you not to discuss . 
  this guy claims something that he ca n't back up effectively and generalizes way too much . 
  now that `` you know better '' why did u reply , if you think we have a hard on on greece and we wo n't pay attention . 
  you better go visit some ... !, 
  because that 's exactly what he does . 
  he generalized the whole sub for hating turkey and makes comments with no purpose asides offending a certain population.dizzzgusting . 
  yeah and all those stolen work of art in the uk xd . 
  greenland look bigger than africa wtfff . 
  there 's a lot of buzz in his insta but i ca n't understand jajaja too bad yo no hablo espa\u00f1ol ( i wrote this solo ! ), 
  what the spanish media says about him ? 
  hahahahahaha that was so funny and it had 0 points atm . 
  why do you think it is scam ? 
  you are from sweeden !, 
  you stil hope that something like abba will happen again :p, 
  really ? 
  what about the spanish esc team , what did they say for their flop ? 
  xddd, 
  after my country 's flop articles declare that she is `` the winner of our hearts '' . 
  lol that 's always what the media says when we go bad xd . 
  what about you spain and germany ? 
  hahahahahah thank god you guys are `` big 5 '' otherwise you wouldnt be on final lol ~ ~ kinda ironic that a greek says that since my country was awful too lol ~ ~, 
  the eastern bloc always sent some slutty girls, 
  til that in western europe esc is considered a joke . 
  here it used to be popular now it is n't . 
  btw sweeden , do you take it serious due to abba ? 
  edit : it 's hillarious indeed-i remember that my family would gather up to see the show only to laugh with most contestants . 
  who is your favourite parentttttt, 
  the first is the us ? 
  shout out to theresa may !, 
  this is sad . 
  misstype re, 
  no , why ? 
  that 's okay athens is okay with friendzone too :p !, 
  happy birthday by then !, 
  well there 's freedom of speech troubles with that but still less trash-tv for you turkish bros. 
  rome is way hotter than oslo !, 
  since 2000 paris is twinned with athens too !, 
  that 's me right now lol . 
  ( that 's theresa may prime minister of the uk on may 1st ), 
  now that 's waht i call a succesful commercial, 
  my parents worked !, 
  no facking / s  !, 
  okay thanks . 
  i have seen an irish dude say the exact same thing about news in his country too :d, 
  what 's up with greece ? 
  basically the best cookies ever !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  it 's a huge country with beautiful and kind people speaking with sexy accents  !, 
  lots of kangaroos are there too .
