  jesus stil never stated that homosexuality is bad but that 's enough to claim that christianity does n't support gay peopl - at least for me - . 
  that 's right , edited . 
  islam is n't accepting gay people . 
  it ca n't be more obvious , deal with it . 
  your religion ( assuming you are muslim ) is not pro-gay . 
   being gay is acceptable , but you have to supress it brain-error-404-how-the-fck-you-do-that-omfg . 
  christianity is based in the new testament . 
  jesus never excluded gay people , or said anything about holy wars ( ~ ~ jihaaad ~ ~ ) . 
  christianity and islam are not similar at all . 
  you lose the point of his text that is : beeing muslim contradicts beeing gay , which is preety clear if you have read the quran or at least do a decent google search , no sane man can doubt that . 
  ( ~ ~ also , christianity is based on the new testament . ~ ~ ), 
  [ tl ; dr yes among other reasons ] ( https://www.researchgate.net/publication/51756779_epidemic_waves_of_the_black_death_in_the_byzantine_empire_1347-1453_ad ) . 
  the plague brought even more pessimism to the point where people thought that the empire was cursed , destined to fall . 
  along with earthquakes , military fails and civil wars happening , the plague like an enzyme was enough to fast the end of an already declining state . 
  you are alliens !, 
  r.i.p byzantine empire after the big civil war that was one of worst things that could possibly happen . 
  islam itself means to obey . 
  i would support a religion that frees people and not opress them directly or not . 
  asides that i wo n't hate anyone who is muslim or not . 
  christianity is based on the new testament . 
  you are reffering to judaism . 
  yes islam rules . 
  fuck the west . 
  is the thread in this sub ? 
  if so send link , ca n't find it . 
  thanks . 
  in islam there is kismet too . 
  meaning that you are destined to do some things-good or bad - but you will be judged by allah anyway like you had decided ... when in fact he made you to do that good or bad thing . 
  when you ca n't marry in your homeland because your religion is peacefull . 
  cap bitchy answer !, 
  it is a joke because sweden ( a nordic country ) has no similarity again withestonia , a country that according to the sub meme wants to be considered nordic . 
  there is a joke in this sub that estonia is not and will never be nordic . 
  you have to use / s nigel if you want to use sarcasm . 
  you have to use / s nigel if you want to use sarcasm . 
  you can see hitler if your turn 360 degrees , and see the road . 
  i like this scenery !, 
  it 's always in the travel brochures of armenia !, 
  kinda out of thread but what 's the general public opinion about the kardashians in armenia ? 
  the weird thing is that sweeden had a low population next to the hre and its neighbours yet it was able to establish itself as a major power . 
  edit, 
  at night the lighting makes it like you are in a cool horror film or something ; `` d. 
   men , women , children , animals , sexual orientation , religion , non-religion , old , young , rich , poor , north , south , east , west , island , mainland , white , black , colorless , capital , regional , farmer , city dweller , imprisoned , free living individual to constitute just one swede omg wtf they are crazy omg wtf ~ ~ alah akbar ~ ~, 
  not something bad but mysterious-people do n't know whether he used christianity and it 's followers for his own purposes , such as saving the empire , or he was an actual christian . 
  he got baptised but his motives were uncertain ... 
  [ constantine the great ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constantine_the_great ) it stil is a mystery whether he was an actual christian or not . 
  i expected hungary higher, 
  i guess area plays a big factor . 
  in big cities like athens people are more afraid when in contrast in villages/towns people feel more safe . 
  moral lesson : move to norway / s. 
  first though : it 's spectacular . 
  second : it 's creepy af . 
  alcohol and expensive crystals too !, 
  well most have read the book or something do n't know how it 's called in english it 's about those jews in prague . 
  btw your crystals is n't the cheapest thing in the world :p . 
  when about 80 % is atheist and the place is full of churches . 
  welcome to prague !, 
  ** i am in position to judge because i am a human ** and not only a greek ( as far as i know my country recognizes the muslim minorities in thrace and the roma people so even with this racist criteria of yours i would be able to judge ) . 
  edit : only ignorants downvote without reason , if i am wrong try to change my mind . 
  i am sane enough unlike you to hear opinions . 
  human rights in albania basically do n't exist . 
  it 's a wonderfull country with great people but it is n't a good example of a muslim country that is progressive . 
  ~ ~ waiting to flame the communism only as most do lel islamreligionofpeace ~ ~, 
  [ oh god ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pyrrhus_of_epirus ), 
  barbaric invasions , feud with the franks and then with the hre , norse people , again franks , nazi . 
  we do actually learn for the ottoman empire but as all countries we focus in our area mostly . 
  anyway , your reply was helpfull for me to understand about romanians . 
  thank you . 
  we do actually learn for the ottoman empire but as all countries we focus in our area mostly . 
  anyway , your reply was helpfull for me to understand/learn more about romanians . 
  thank you . 
  i already said that it changed so you stil do n't have an argument when you say `` according to my definition '' and you did say different when you pointed out '' idea of nation is more recent than you might think . '', 
  you contradict . 
  i never said the criteria applies in all eras , in fact one who reads my text should understand that while time passes the criteria changes . 
  wtf til . 
  xddddddddd, 
  well i have '' : ppp '' meaning that this text is something not to be taken seriously . 
  i was rude indeed but i did it in a humoristic way which can not be seen unless i put an / s. 
  anyway since i did n't and actions matter most sorry , i did not want to offend you . 
  no need to judge someone from one reply . . have a nice day :-) and of course i will check this sub !, 
  no i do n't . 
  you did n't give an example where someone would call himself a greek for different reasons and please do n't point out any exception like someone who would do that to save his life ... 
  the idea of the greek nation is not recent . 
  the olympics started as a way to unify greeks , something that alexander the great eventually did . 
  later due to the roman times a confusion indeed existed however at the late times of the roman empire the greek notion came back ( ! ) . 
  as the empire shrunk people used to compare the turks to persians.one might say that those two had no connection , but greeks at that time thought that as they won the persians they 'd kick out the turks too.plus the very last emporor constantine palaiologos was not only called a `` roman emperor '' but `` king of greeks '' too !, 
  so greek national identity whether it was greeks or romioi or greeks again existed . 
   the turks , on the other hand , have taken something like 70 % of ethnic greek land before the 10th century . 
  when you write this someone who knows english understands that the turks took greek lands before the 10th century . 
  what you most likely wanted to write is this ( and with some help of that turkish friend that replied too is ) : the turks , on the other hand , have taken something like 70 % of land that was ethnic greek at that time . 
  we speak the same language although you need to start using it more often lel . 
  how is kapodistrias a good example ? 
  if anyone is orthodox and speaks greek as first langue ( in that era ) it means he is greek , nothing complex for my perspective at least . 
  orthodox churches of other nations existed so even if someone is orthodox and balkan it did n't mean he was greek ... 
  you must work at translation of google translate ;-p, 
  dude wtf you said  the turks , on the other hand , have taken something like 70 % of ethnic greek land before the 10th century . 
  that means that turks took greek lands before 10th century lol . 
  you clearly stated that and you studied history of bulgaria ... jesus , edit it idk i ca n't see that crap easily . 
  the way i learned history was simple-the tradition of the hellinification of the balkans started with king philip of macedonia , continued and spread due to the byzantine empire and stopped mostly with the slavic invasions . 
  however , after reading about the jire\u010dek line i agree that indeed not a big part of the balkans that was ethnic greek was taken . 
  i assumed you are bulgarian due to the flag but even if you are a pole both nations have slavic `` roots '' so yeah your ancestors are slavs .
