  edit : ca n't format this quote lol, 
  i always find it weird that you ca n't say he is a german or french or frank , although it makes sense since the nationalities were not existing as we think it today , because in my country all historic figures ( that have an ethnic tie to my country of course , not every foreign invader ) are greek . 
  our ethnogenesis begun so back in time that we ca n't trace it , so all people that were part of it are called greeks . 
  nowadays more and more irish babies are coming to the world so do n't worry about an old map . 
  for some reason your people and germans always find a way to destroy my country / s, 
  really ? 
  you do n't mention things that happened in your present day country ? 
  before the 10th century asia minor ( or even the balkans , that 's obvious but i point it lol ) wasnt turkified . 
  before your ancestors came to the balkans they were `` hellenished '' , so no slavs did n't take a minimal ammount of ethnic greek land . 
  * i could n't care less after a millenium for areas that used to be greek . 
  there was a time when those slavs did n't steal our land : ppp, 
  people actually swim there !, 
  it is hungarys best `` beach '' . 
  you ca n't swim /, 
  greece is the most accepting in the east ! proud xd . 
  greek here i confirm this . 
  you are just angry that they spread the rumor that your country is gay , western sweeden . 
  / s i managed to do a double roast lel . 
  do n't speak asian you must be removed too / s, 
  xd nice one, 
  that ( probably ) means woods in greek ( ksi la = xi la ? ), 
  first time i see an american here who does n't troll europe lel, 
  i 'm wondering why smaller countries generally have more people than bigger ones . 
  ~ ~ if anyone replies do n't point the exception lol czech republic ~ ~, 
  hahahahahhahahah lol you made greeks proud . 
  you can take those german tourists with you / s * german tourists here do this a lot it is kinda meme here . 
  yes but since you follow a spesific religion you get some behaviors through years and islam is n't a religion of peace . 
  i do n't think all so called muslims are jihadists or extremists cause they do n't follow the rules correctly , yet i know from personal expierence after both travelling to many islamic countries and having meet rich kids of muslim people ( for ex a student and his friends studying abroad was close to kantafis family ) , meaning that i know muslims of any class/background , that they are not adapting to western society . 
  only ex-muslims or people who do n't follow catch up . 
  it 's hypocritical to claim that muslims are accepting , there 's no muslim country accepting of different without beeing touristic , infuncued by the west etc. 
  instead core muslim countries do n't respect basic human rights and that is something no sane man can argue . 
  that 's so sad . 
  i ca n't realise that all theese things are happening to a country that is so close . 
  i think that france is a good country though ... 
  why they are judged since they wo n't get jailed ? 
  i 'm asking seriosously i do n't get it . 
  can you speak portuguese already ?? 
  if you asked a suomi he would n't say that !, 
  [ we do n't share the same weather but at least our flag is the same ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6hyanh/a_common_mistake/ ), 
  the uk is gay ? 
  woah . 
  a small orgasm in the media about brexit last year . 
  i 'm happy that the prices has fallen lol . 
  thinking about visiting the uk too , should be good . 
  anyway , good luck to the people of the uk . 
  i am so sorry for that . 
  i got enough replies to get confused at who am answering . 
  modern greece has changed a lot . 
  i 'm not afraid for beeing gay nor getting bullied . 
  the media since the late ' 00s has potrayed gay people in a more positive way than it used to . 
  recently a greek celebrity made a video on youtube about it ( and other things such as racism ) . 
  the video got generally positive responce from the general public and you can see that base on comments ( ok thats difficult ; / ) or simply the like/dislike ratio . 
  however , there is still a lot of way for my country to catch up some nations and i definetely do n't want to say that everything is perfect or ideal . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yu7hghy2ymo ) edit : forgot to say that this video got an insane amount of views considering the greek population . 
  dude i talk about practical things all this time . 
  this fun fact did n't have any impact on gay people at all i never compare it to nowadays it would be illogical . 
  i already said that other countries were n't better so that would make no sense on my part . 
  it is surprising that you stereotype greek people neither me nor most of them have any problem with turkey which btw is debatable of how turkish the ottoman empire was ( just like the byzantine-greek-roman thing , i 'm sure if i ddnt say that u would rant again about the greeks ) . 
  again practically beeing gay in the ottoman empire christian muslim or whatever you lived hell . 
  that 's my point . 
  the fact that it was decriminalized has minor impact . 
  xddddd that was a good one comsu :d, 
  homosexuality in army is n't a turkish phenomenon of acceptance it happens everywhere . 
  even in ancient greece 2000 years from the ottoman era . 
  all these examples you mentioned have to do with people with money and power ( that 's the high class ) . 
  an average man could not live with a man in the same house saying that they are in a relationship . 
  i know what it is about and i agree asides the tradition that seems to me just `` typical '' anyway as you have seen i already said what i think so i wo n't do it again . 
  i keep commenting because i 'm annoyed that people indirectly support that norm . 
  til that sharia law does n't prohibites gay relationships ^ itdoesbutpeoplewouldlovetoseethatyeaaahislamisgayfriendly, 
  people not punished for beeing gay in places that westerners visit ? 
  big news ... you can see iranian girls without hijab in airports too !, 
  but after they pass them they are forced to wear it . 
  okay then there were queer people in charge of european states ( i remember that french dude that even dressed up like a woman will link once i get to the pc ) but europe was n't accepting at all . 
  and for god sake if it is that good go live there and say you are gay . 
  there are exceptions but the norm is n't in favor of giving gay people actual rights . 
  yes but both are not accepting . 
  turkey is way better though . 
  thank god i can live as a human here without being afraid of my life . 
  that 's exactly what happened with all the branches of christianity and christianity - judaism . 
  lol . 
  you ca n't understand and i ll try once again : people of low class could not be gay in that era for a or b stop trying to prove the opposite it 's not true . 
  the ottoman empire was n't progressive at all only high class could really `` benefit '' ( cause they could already do that lmfao ) . 
  it is similar and you are ignorant . 
  the law is changing but the people do n't change behavior . 
  thus the similarity . 
  and before you tell me that it needs years to change according to this the ottoman empire should be accepting gays by 1900 but it really did n't . 
  gay marriage is n't a crime in greece and it is n't legal too as it is n't recognized ... ( i proved you with an example that something not criminalized can be not legal too ! ), 
  i agree with you but there 's stil the problem of kismet . 
  that religion is so bullshit ... 
  1-2 ) no , because as i said people of high class could already do what they wanted so it 's bullshit . 
  i did n't mean it in a literal way , good you asked so i can point out , because a something is n't creminalized it does n't mean that it is accepted that 's what i meant . 
  check the recent law about women in arabia and guardship a bit similar - not same - the number of women that are controlled by men will probably stay the same ... 
  i 'm not biased or stereotyping at all . 
  you either follow something or change the original religion . 
  you ca n't be muslim and accept gays . 
  you wo n't be muslim as mohammed would order . 
  am i wrong ? 
  i can see some downvotes but i thought i was correct . 
  ah i wish i was living in turkey or saudi arabia . 
  i ca n't be gay in europe i feel so opressed .
