  okay as much as i can beeing a europpean citizen and not a greek xd :p . 
  i think that 's partly a reason for population decline in europe . 
  people care about themselves , making money , posting their vacation and bying the trending stuff and ignore that they are 30 + and need to build a family . 
  on the other side in greece where individualism is n't that high there are a lot of messy situation where siblings/relatives lend each other and end up fighting and people who know each other employ themselves ( that 's partly a reason that our governments were corrupted ), 
  lol when poland and chile now has higher purchasing power parity . 
  i 'm so proud of him !!!, 
  yes i am . 
  although the e.u. 
  has done some mistakes regarding my countries economy i feel blessed that it exist and pushes some human rights agenda as well as fines for things that should be done by the government . 
  also i feel more and more able nowdays to share a common experience or value with people from the union rather than some people of neighbouring countries . 
  and then they spread fake rumors about sweden tsk tsk tsk suomi . 
  finland is n't my city . . 
  repost from / r/gay lol, 
  the area i am from got economically decline due to e.u. 
  laws regarding agriculture right after we joined but i 'm pro e.u because i think we got helped by taking loans with small percent of returns , it got abused but that 's a problem ( mostly ) ours . 
  however i could be biased , i 'm too young to know enough about politics . 
  also , the germoney makes eastern states favour e.u. 
  me neither . 
  you czechs have trust issues , do n't you ? 
  ( btw the irony that i 'm greek : `` d ), 
  that was informative i did n't know you learn about it . 
  in greece you do n't i just like history in general . 
  anyway we were broke and you had to wait a bit !, 
  tsk tsk tsk those germanic roots ... ( / s ), 
  aaah the nostalgy . . ten years ago we were as fat as two present day greece 's . 
  agreed : '' `` d it was one of the thread where you see the title and you are like `` wtf '' . 
  that 's non-traditional according to putin so you will have a hard time to understand / s, 
  hahahahahaha no :d i just read the article . 
  i was all about that but you wanted to ridicule not joke lel . 
  thanks we learn how to counter kebab in the army :p / s. 
  that 's why i said it, 
  wtf, 
  i 'd like to share my opinion ; my parents are both having a great carrier in their fields yet they built a good family consisted by more than 2.1 childs . 
  i think the reason people do n't make families is because they are self absorbed with themselves not their carrier . 
  i used to have this thought too . 
  but in reality the human body is way stronger to get something bad from what is considered today as `` filthy '' . 
  why ? 
  i enjoy it . ^ i ` mweirdoi ` lllivewithit, 
  yes , sweden xddddd / s. 
   southies are basically greeks . 
  but they are n't from attica ... 
  germany islamic confirmed.not ^ yet ^ / s, 
  `` who said french polynesi\u03b1 is a small ~ ~ country ~ ~ province '' / s, 
  wow alexander the great had red hair til . 
  in greece it 's rare !, 
  there 's one greek youtuber whose name i do n't remember . 
  i have seen like 2-3 people that i do n't know outside in a small city ( for european standards but normal sized for greek ones xd ) . 
  my mum was born redhaid although now she is not , just like my sister . 
  it all come from my great-grandmother who was ginger even at her last years according to my grandmother and mother . 
  btw i have heard that red hair occur when people in the same family have sex or something so i guess pornhub ireland should have top category `` incest '' / s, 
  thank you for the insight !, 
  spain is rarely mentioned in school and i always considered you as spanish as it gets since you have been in the same country for so many years-and as i said rarely mentioned ... - . 
  when a relative of my mine visited catalonia he was kinda shocked . 
  he saw the place full of catalonian flags and during his vacations some locals said that they do n't feel spanish and they 'd rather saperate . 
  is it true that most catalans want to saperate ? 
  do n't you feel spanish ? 
  i ca n't understand brazilian mate 2004\u00a02004\u00a02004 / s, 
  it 's every day aus bro !, 
  lol i already told you the case of the german invasion . 
  it was not an expected thing to do as germany 's focus was into the win of the eastern front . 
  i 'm not debating the original question either . 
  i am saying that defending is n't the same with attacking for the fighter . 
  anyway i 'm okay that we have different opinions maybe i 'm not right maybe not . 
   well , this is a hypothetical , and not a very likely one . 
  it is probably because your country have never been invaded the same way mine has . 
  a [ great example is our win in the greco-italian war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-italian_war ) . 
  ps we lost later to the germans because we did n't expect them to invade us through bulgaria , however we won superior forces in the greco-italian war because if we did n't win we would be occupied . 
  vikings nowdays are uselles . 
  thank god we will kill them from the inside with our tromendous economics !, 
  lol, 
  no of course not :p i remember it clearly !, 
  i managed my handstand while watching the esc and i was so proud of it ... / s, 
  - it is n't broke anymore - most people here love spain - it won eurovision this year - majorca , ibiza !!!, 
  - one of them said once majorca fucks myconos !, 
  - most greek comedie series are originally spanish series and although it 's foreign they are quiete successful , meaning that we have similar culture ( ? ), 
  - used to be a global power similar to rome - got f ` ed by british armada !, 
  - during the 14th century they invaded us - northern spain irish confirmed - their langue is similar to arabic * thats a `` what do you know about ... spain '' if anything 's wrong sorry . 
  lol . 
  you generalized a meme for sweden for the whole europe . 
  thank god denmark , the worlds global superpower , with a hyperpopulation of 5 zillion inhabitants is going to save europe !, 
  let 's point out that there is a difference when defending and when attacking ... the defender either wins or lhis family is killed . 
  i think that motivates you to fight more than just fighting to take over a country . 
  that 's what i am thinking of your reply lol . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  at the point when serbia fall the empire of stephan dushan had already declined and most of the balkans were consisted of small kingdoms unable to fight an empire . 
  also , after the mongol invasion hungary was n't the same regional power it was throughout the middle-middle ages . 
  i 'm actually suprised that most swedes are willing to fight for their country . 
  jeez can you get more cringy ? 
  edit : at first your comment was annoying cause it was obvious that as a regular person i 'd mean gdp per capita and not gdp but you had to point it out lol . 
  now it 's actually funny so yeah i ll have a good night xd . 
  i also mentioned when i was ten and that time the greek gdp was way higher as i said above . 
  you ca n't be that stupid to not understand that i meant a country rich by per capita means . 
  i 'm a regular person it should be obvious . 
  until now i thought it was common knowledge that gdp does n't show the citizens living standards . 
  plus it is n't a great achivement to have a higher gdp when u you have triple + population of a country with 10 million innhibitants lol ... notice that greek gdp fall from 350 b. to 195 in less than 10 years meaning that the country used to have even greater living standards and that its gdp used to b higher than some for example peru , venezuela and more . 
  then those brits stole it !, 
  btw when will all those hispanic countries get rich ~ ~ why the fuck did i tried to learn spanish when i was 10 , next time i wo n't choose to learn a langue solely because it sounds cool ~ ~, 
  he is jealous cause there was only one `` lithuanian empire '' : `` d / s, 
  the hypocrisy is huge omg about 40 % agree that `` human rights should be applied to everyone , regardless of whom they feel att racted to or the gender they identify with . '', 
  and only 17 % supports gay marriage ...
