thank you, 
  what the fuck is this thing with flags ???? 
  woah your town seems so worth visiting : the scenery is different than the ones i have been used to , and it seems that there are some activities to do . 
  definetely gon na visit romania one day . 
  awesome country < 3 < 3 . 
  i 'm not considering your thoughts serious.disgusting suomi . 
  lol ahhahahaah wtf are all theese i expected some swear words xd.she was a contestant of the greek edition of survivor.she was a snake ( with big tits though ) . 
  if you say that sophie paschali is a bitch in german or something you will be a god . 
  til germans can have sense of humor !, 
  jokes aside u did an excellent job . 
  yeah you are . 
  ahahahahahahha :d ( actual laugh not a `` lol '' or '' : '' ) ) . 
  xd who 's the troll now ? 
  ahhahahahhah you are so bitchy every reply starts with `` lol ... ( insert you are retarded etc ) '' . 
  yeah he is retarded af to take this post so seriously . 
  dutch are so similar to english i 'm kinda astonished . 
  ~ ~ merkel ma bitch . ~ ~, 
  it 's more difficult than rubics cause i use slang : / . 
  xd i love swamp germans . 
  not really but i tried to use translate and it did n't have any results . 
  edit-explanation : i said in a bad way thank god that the uk left ( beeing satirical though ) . 
  also , i said , that thank god a player of a show got voted to leave cause she was basically a negative bitch !, 
  do n't worry we still love you . 
  ~ ~ not taking advantage of a post that wants to make u avoid tourism in turkey ~ ~, 
  do n't worry we still love you . 
  ~ ~ not taking advantage of a post that wants to make u avoid tourism in turkey ~ ~, 
  edit : you can joke but i ca n't . 
  double standards yeah . 
  4rth reich germany !!, 
  edit : wow that 's my most downvoted comment . 
  it was a joke . 
  thats kinda fail lol.the word comes from a medieval greek word so i wo n't argue about ancient times no matter what i think . 
  i said german joke in a funny way not racist . 
  german humour lol . 
  edit : the name of your city is from a greek word . 
  google it . 
  kinda impressed that you would know so much about history outside your country . 
  edit : i think that it is good to know history of other nations.why the fuck did i get a downvote jesus . 
  hashtag greenland is the biggest country no matter what . 
  edit : hashtag this map sucks . 
  double standars suck . 
  hashtag make my planet great again . 
  the third painting is so incredible - so difficult to express how i interpreted it in enlgish !!, 
  i wanted to post it too . 
  what does your last post `` say '' suomi ? 
  we made br/grexit a thing !, 
  lol, 
  we do n't pay debts :p . 
  i 'm glad you 're writing what you think despite political correctness . 
  most people here downvote like they wan na report the noob of the team . 
  do students do parades ? 
  the times you discovered america !, 
  ottomans made special taxes to christians and provided privileges to people who converted to islam.they also stole christian children to use them for military . 
  the empire became kinda tolerant when it was declining or distracted due to military campaigns ( thus beeing afraid of any possible rebellion ) . 
  they would completely destroy a city if it did n't surrender , but would always ask the city to surrender before sieging.when i say destroy i mean that they would kill every citizen , steal-destroy every church or house and rape children and women . 
  the thread is n't locked.i would n't trust it 100 % . 
  rekt, 
  a crazy italian stalked my aunt claiming he saw her there !, 
  yes , thank you !!, 
  i 'm gon na bring some money to locals . tourism boosts the economy . 
  you 're a savage xd i 'm gon na visit it soon !, 
  i ddnt understand the joke.explain it . 
  you seem to be negative about wikipedia in general , have you researched the article or are you ranting out of purpose ? 
  you can complain on info-en-o@wikimedia.org . 
  the thread is locked.not anyone can write what he wants . 
  i found my country by looking which one has the most pinks , lol . 
  also '15 was the cost of the elctions . 
  the future 's bright though eurobros :d . 
  i could expect a trolling for debt , but that was out of my mind . 
  you are correct : there is no such law . 
  i saw this on some greek sites as fun facts , more like propaganda facts . 
  sorry for wasting time and thanks for making me do a better research . 
  i used to have this map in my room xd, 
  yeaah proud to be kentucian . 
  congrats for ur countries achievements , polish bro , wish they are not temporary . 
  off to kentucky * insert murican slang * . 
  cyprous through centuries has been considered both in asia and europe.just like the area in egypt where in ancient times i was considered asian . 
  btw no need for caps . 
  i ddnt wdym, 
  i 'm gon na visit my `` country '' for sure thnks for the info  . 
  in what kind of way ? 
  btw whatcha doing dutchy in prtugal ? 
  i was so bored on explaining this , thank you . 
  americans of r/europe enlight me about kentucky . 
  okay thanks , 
  is n't it a bit narrow ? 
  and how deep is it ? 
  congrats on quiting smoking . 
  i 'm so proud of u , cause it is hard . 
  off topic af u/rutscher303, 
  u wear boots to jump do n't you ? 
  it 's like cliff-diving . 
  their langu is the 2nd most dif in europe ( or the world im not sure xd ) and it is not an indo-european . hungarians are n't considered europeans.their country was big during the middle medieval period . 
  it got occupied by the ottoman empire during the high middle ages and was split between austria and the ottoman empire.hungary was on the eastern bloc and the effects of cumminism are stil visible today on the hungarian society-economy . 
  fun fact is that they were orthodox christians , but due to political reasons-aka decline of the byzantine empire - they became catholic . 
  oh and hungarians love water polo . 
  my first comment was way too general , my merkelish-bro , maybe the germany video was good . 
  most of the time their researches are at least bad . 
  this channel is the worst . 
  u/beret _ baguette yes !,
