  yeah but stil ottoman empire was n't accepting gays . 
  saying that only high class can love openly whoever they want is not progressive at all . 
  okay the rest of the world was n't that accepting but really what 's the difference ? 
  hell there is no emperor that could n't have whatever he wanted in bed , there 's no difference whether it is legal for high class or not . 
  and something that is n't criminalized doesn ' mean it is accepted or even legalized . 
  countries were beeing gay is n't a crime yet if they marry their marriege is n't recognized . 
  islam is not gay friendly . 
  the quran clearly denies homosexuality do n't claim that islam can be gay friendly . 
  edit : okay you downvoters better visit saudi arabia , iran , egypt or indonesia let 's see how progressive islam is !, 
  turkey beeing the most free country and stil u ca n't live a normal life while beeing gay ... even the muslims in the uk and the other countries they migrate to ( new generation too ) do not support gay rights . 
  [ an article of muslims in the uk and homosexuality ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ) ~ ~ i 'm waiting for this guy now that is muslim and accepts gay people . 
  congrats you have basic human consciousness but most muslims are not gay friendly ~ ~, 
  okay it was more progressive then but we live in 2017 and this fun fact could n't be more uselles.islam is not gay friendly . 
  if someone who is `` muslim '' is gay friendly he is not a muslim.that simple . 
  the religion denies homosexuals and that 's it . 
  the quran denies the gays and it degrades the women . 
  people who try to change it are delusional . 
  i am frustated that this thing is happening . 
  young girls and boys are oppresed every day and here we have some people supporting this trend . 
  that is sex not gender . 
  the first is biological and the second is social contruct . 
  i think it does though ; / ? 
  also i think it 's kinda racist to that.well a bit hyberbolic but i think it is `` light '' racism . 
  wtf are you ? 
  / u/analjihadist ironically enough my usrnm ... 
  it is a joke there is no german next to me with a gun in my face.really i love ~ ~ europ ~ ~ germanic union !, 
  yes it was a joke this one is kinda hyberbolic but i 'm going to send it anyway . 
  gnight ; `` d. 
  i 'm in the same country with lichtenstein !, 
  correction of blue : the german empire and its vassals . 
  your name though ... fucking bot . 
  that 's not true . 
  he actually paid taxes all this time long . 
  am i the only one that likes that ? 
  ( only as a tourist though xd ), 
  you already texted with someone that liked so you are proven not correct ; /, 
  the `` weird '' of the netherlands - for someone who does n't know its history - is that the elders are fluent in english too ( ! ), 
  - fins spread the world that they are gay but actually most of them are staright and get often stereotyped as `` civilized '' - at least that 's an impression i have - - north lights - ikea-pewdiepie ( what do sweedes think about him btw ? 
  what does the media say about him ? ), 
  - lots of immigrants - high standard of living, 
  you are efficient with no sense of humor !!, 
  you can change a bulb alone !, 
  greece never was a part of the commonwealth francois . 
  are you a penguin ? 
  i thought that theresa would make a `` hard '' deal . 
  that was so bad lol, 
  where is the uk ? 
  i am going to find you ^ / snot/smaybe/s, 
  you are eurosceptic i am not . 
  that explains both thesis . 
  goodnight btw . 
  seems so rare nowdays to be in a good spot in ranks hahahah . 
  cause they hate gays and putin got some edited pics of rainbows due to his gay policy . 
  got it !, 
  gon na delete it good morning hehe . 
  we did n't `` invent '' rape subculture though nor we preserved it !, 
  next time we make something big in civilization we will copyright it so that we wo n't be afraid of future depts :-p . 
  do n't complain about ur past baby cause u already bitch others , some trolling too . 
  nooooooo former atheist gypsy wo n't tell my nation how to cross !, 
  g-o b-a-c-k t-o r-u-s-s-i-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a . 
  i wo n't judge the `` yoke '' however there is nothing wrong with religion . 
  our church hates gay people too !, 
  ~ ~ anyway i guess stereotyping-answer sound fair to a comment of stereotype ~ ~ hehe . 
  fun fact : hungary was first introduced to the eastern church ( ostrogosky , history of the byzantine state ) . 
  they hate gays but enjoy raping kids ? 
  a second country that sounds like austria yes !, 
  so does romania xd . 
  let 's build a statue of inna . 
  or notherlands/hollond :-p, 
  xddd i screwed it a bit gon na edit it, 
  the swiss invaded it . 
  let 's appreciate the map cause cyprus is united again.btw that country is like a second russia in size lol . 
  we will too neighboor !, 
  outstanding news ! ^ insertpolishflagnexttomyname, 
  you are the epitome of productivity !, 
  i pick the one she does n't hate us ! ^ hellotheresarcasm, 
  lol, 
  your nick name could be a greek surname, 
  agreed !, 
  thanks for this ( til ) . 
  just a moment that i realize that your surnames always end in sson.btw you have a shit on your nick name hehe . 
  first time i see a slovenian reacting to her lol, 
  the last one looks like an egyptian bitch !, 
  i like to think that we had money and became broke . 
  honarable mention to `` the dictator '' that made a bunch of surnames : ladiesbathroom burgers etc. 
  hehe, 
  and the youtuber i watch sometimes for fitness is karlsson woah, 
  hansen and gretel !, 
  1 ) coud ricky martin . . 2 ) denmark counts are tv ratings !!!!, 
  thank you !, 
  3 ) and something more serious i have noticed that in sweeden most surnames end in `` sson '' . 
  hahahahahahah that was dope, 
  crystals of bohemia !, 
  small glass ( from crystalls of bohemia ) = 100 euro hehe !, 
  \u039c\u03b1\u03ba\u03b5 melania 's country great again !, 
  make benelux great again !, 
  that !, 
  it had become a symbol of your country and i bet u have more things that will amaze a tourist than the statue . 
  lol you know it 's time to delete the comment when u get roasted xd . 
  that 's one of the most overated monuments.it is barely the size of a child .
