  while that 's the case in turkey every country has that thing occuring according to the graphs . 
  `` same-sex desire is a western world phenomenon '' this section got me so annoyed lol . 
  at the end of the day if beeing gay was a european thing their countries would n't have any -_- ... 
  if the states were strong they would n't fall . 
  most of africa was indeed and unfortunately still is poor ... germany today has a higher gdp than the whole continent and it was doomed to be a puppet of the us and the ussr after ww2 ... 
  he put you on his flair :d . 
  hahahahahhaah trust me , i 'm south european / s. 
  where is the source ? 
  is that for age 18-40 or general population ? 
  you will always be balkan : pppp, 
  as far as i have read that 's the case in the netherlands too although they are known as `` pro gay '' they are more likely not giving a fuck about someones sexuality ( which to me is n't wrong at all ) . 
  sweden will have many of theese soon !, 
  / u/clnyze19n told you a lie . 
  you are actually from ~ ~ catholic serbia , croatia ~ ~ russia !, 
  yeaaah i love list that we do n't suck too !, 
  the greeting is disgusting like isis . 
  it 's okay napis , thanks for pointing that out . 
  i agree !, 
  in most cases immigrants change slightly or more their behavior . 
  however , i have a quest : do straight guys like fingering ? 
  ( i guess as long as there 's a woman doing it ? ), 
  your reply got me curious that 's all . 
  thanks . 
  slovenia + germany can into western europe . 
  greece can into eastern europe ( or central acording to this logic of the graph i would n't be suprised / s ) . 
  according to another poll that 's not the case for greece !, 
   [ about 56 % of the general public supports gay marriage ] ( http://news247.gr/eidiseis/koinonia/ereyna-gia-thn-omofylofilia-sthn-ellada-yper-toy-symfwnoy-symviwshs-to-70-alla-kata-twn-yiothesiwn.3464558.html ), 
  keep learning about jihad instead of evolution and we 'll keep our `` indoctrination '' . 
  bel ami is slovak !, 
  we got away with '' sourthern europe '' and no communism :d . 
  hahahahahahhahahah lol . 
  armenia 3 percent in total meanwhile in the us the kardashians seem to be yolo af . 
  i-am-not-a-robot-why-do-you-ask-me ~ ~ allien ~ ~ - human-from-finland ? 
  / s edit : oh my god tomorrow he 's on reddit !, 
  alah akbar too !, 
  are you on reddit ? 
  portugal take lessons from greece to stop beeing such a narcissus jeez / s, 
  their living standards/human rights are n't the best although they are not starving ... . 
  okay i 'm fine with that . 
  in fact i 'm more than fine-give us anatolia back ottoman / s, 
  but you are n't in the eu ... 
  statistically toilets are more dangerous than sharks too in the us that does n't mean that shark are not a problem . 
  i do n't know if there is a purpose to compare dogs and humans . 
  also , i 'm not major in biology so i frankly do n't know . 
  i do n't think so . 
  since you can breed with people of different races it 's indeed a social construct . 
   that 's not an answer . 
  it is an answer you just do n't agree . 
   this is still not about culture . 
  i explained that those things are connected . 
   you 're proud of something you had no part in creating . 
  i am the result of it . 
  not giving a fuck about it would be bad.i 'm almost sure you do n't give a fuck about your parents too since you are not `` proud of the arbitrary fact of being born in a place you did n't choose '' . 
   i 'm embarrassed for you . 
  i am so sad that a person i exchanged opinions with online is embarrased by my thoughts / s. 
   why ? 
  for the same reason people want to survive . 
   who cares about ageing europe?as long as we 're ageing happily i do n't see what 's the problem . 
  if you do n't have a problem with your culture beeing erased tomorow then do n't reply . 
   racial purity , not about culture . 
  so you 're actually confirming this is not at all what we were talking about . 
  theese things are connected . 
  i would n't like if one day my country was full muslim or full asian or whatever because of my ancestors history which i am proud of and i care about preserving ( the good parts of ) it . 
  i have to point out that i do n't have a problem with those people coming to my country to live as they wish as long as they can intergate or at least not push an agenda . 
  prague is n't a summer destination though . 
  croatia is croatia !, 
  stil good whether it 's storm outside or not ;p . 
  i think that 's better for them because they can openly say that it is wrong . 
  other subtle things are n't politically correct to oppose in public . 
   why because i want the legacy of my people , our culture and achievements to stay in time thus i do n't want an ageing greece and an ageing europe . 
   that 's not at all what we were talking about . 
  it is . 
  islamic people carry a different culture as immigrants ( in general ) hold different views than the natives . 
  i have no problem of immigration as long as they can integrate to the local society or at least they hold theirs without having an agenda . 
   question , by leaning right , do you actually mean you 'll vote golden dawn ? 
  hahahahahhahahaha til !, 
  xd but he has a point , does n't he ? 
  society is indeed changing and i do n't think it 's good to have citizens that ca n't even replace the old population/previous generation ( ironically enough i 'm not straight ) . 
  europe is aging ... memes like '' yes sweeden '' are kinda worrying . 
  in athens for example muslims want to build a mosque but do n't give a single penny and ask from the already bankrupt state to pay for it . 
  things like that make me lean towards the right . 
  [ greek politician aryan confirmed !, 
  wtf did i just see lol . 
  the german video was funnier than this . 
  this video was disturbing at least . 
  just googled the book :p and it seems interesting i am thinking of buying it . 
  rumour says germanic humour started from that place . 
  in greece there 's no hate lol . 
  people just do n't care . 
  the only people that might dislike muslims or turks could be extreme right but those kind of people exist everywhere . 
  i think the same applies to turkey ( at least western where i have been enough times ) . 
  as an immigrant you probably lost your touch with reality we live in 2017 not 1922 or 1990 . 
  why macedonia is nor marked as area of church of greece ? 
   that people ~ ~ have ~ ~ had to hate ftfy then, 
  vs the ~ ~ anti smoking ~ ~ frankish kingdom !, 
  that 's disgusting . 
  england is my city . 
  that time yes . 
  today : greeks could n't care less . 
  i 'd be suprised if they called them anything other than turks .
