  it appeals to working class people . 
  they are opposed to western civilization and its values . 
  khomeini did call for salman rushdie 's death and they burned down embassies after the mahomet caricatures . 
  the theologians of the shia branch agree with the sunni theologians on most of the important stuff ( death for apostasy , adultery , blasphemy , homosexuality , concept of jihad , etc ) . 
   a minority that is 300,000,000 strong is n't small . 
  more like 200 million ( 10-20 % of muslims ) . 
  shia terrorism exists , you just do n't hear much about it because they 're busy fighting off their sunni `` brothers '' most of the time ( irak , yemen ) . 
  the sunnis who want to akbar , being the overwhelming majority , are free to concentrate on other targets . 
  another contender for the `` saudi arabia or isis ? '', 
  justice system club . 
  double amputation for theft , stoning for adultery ( barely practiced , but still on the books . 
  usually it 's lashes ) , hanging for sodomy . 
  executes more people per capita than any other state . 
   if you look objectively at facts and statistics , please ask yourself the last time a shiite muslim has made an attack against the west , or any westerner in general hezbollah is responsible for a bunch of attacks against westerners . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism#hezbollah and shiites are a small minority of muslims . 
  so it was suicide after all . 
  within the boundaries of the myth , suicide plot makes no sense . 
  it 's never properly explained why father-figure ca n't forgive everything without sacrifice . 
  i 'm willing to suspend disbelief , but the story has to be internally coherent . 
  the sky-guy is supposed to be wise and good , right ? 
  yet he insists on this superfluous sacrifice . 
  at least put a post-death dialogue in there explaining the decision or something . 
  2/10 , do not buy this book . 
  exactly , and we 're not going to roll it back because some of your coreligionists are not on the level . 
  no offense , but muslims do n't have a good track record of becoming secular `` out of their own conscience '' . 
   a man sacrifices himself for the good of other people . 
  it is an act of selfless heroism ; or are you against the concept ? 
  selfless heroism requires that an actual good deed be performed . 
  `` saving people 's souls '' is not a good deed , it 's bullshit , makes no difference . 
  if some guy in asia lights himself on fire on my behalf , should i thank him ? 
  well then it 's the story of some crazy person who walked willingly to his death 2000 years ago . 
  it 's called suicide , and we should n't encourage it in the presence of our nation 's youth . 
  not like the dp party was doing well economically before the 1960 coup . 
  and dp was trying to reverse secularization , much like akp is doing now . 
  maybe without the coup ( s ) , you 'd be talibans by now . 
   and in 1959 turkey 's gdp per capita was pretty much on par with the rest of europe . 
  na it was n't . 
  more like 30-50 % . 
  you realize we 're looking for instances where secularism is n't enforced , as in , softer than what turkey was doing ? 
  i do n't think the policies of the fucking soviet union count . 
  yeah , persecution of imams , closure of mosques , and mass deportations are one way to do it , but that was never on the table in turkey . 
   the ussr became the first state to have , as an ideological objective , the elimination of religion [ 2 ] and its replacement with universal atheism . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] the communist regime confiscated religious property , ridiculed religion , harassed believers , and propagated atheism in schools . 
  albania . 
  bosnia . 
   give countries a few decades of peace and do n't force secularism on them or interfere with their politics and it will become secular eventually . 
  lol . 
  is that what you call ** massive soviet/communist repression of anything religious ** ? 
  you guys have terrorist factories ? 
   should only be jailed if what they say is clearly inciting violence and can possible cause people to be violent . 
  i definitely do n't think that was the case here , and the examples in the article are nowhere near that line . 
  i 'm no friend of his , but these court rulings are stupid and go against freedom of speech . 
  edit : upon further investigation , he appeared to have called `` for muslims and christians to unite to kill the jews '' , which does cross that line . 
  [ source in french . ], 
  i still do n't think it 's right if he was condemned for some of the other stuff ( inviting a holocause denier , calling himself `` charlie coulibaly '' ) . 
  what proof do you have that this is temporary and things are moving in the right direction ? 
  name one muslim country which has successfully secularized . 
  after a century of better than average performance thanks to enforced secularization , turkey is now almost back to the default state for islamic countries . 
  i 'm glad you guys are coming to our little desert outing . 
  as we know , sand is coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
  the point is , we need brooms on the ground . 
  even reclassing it as a sect would probably do the trick . 
  all authorities in that sect support the following measures against those who wish to leave it : death . 
  criticizing the founder : death . 
  scientologists and jehova 's witnesses are a bunch of hippies in comparison . 
  lem me just take a few hostages here while i explain why that fine you gave me was excessive . 
  sounds like a good time for the minister for women to get outraged . 
  in a stroke of good luck , the secretary of state for education is the same person , nicky morgan . 
  but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  the politically correct have their pre-approved targets for misogynistic transgressions , and islam is n't on the list . 
  first off , being a daesh man is n't all that great . 
  your main purpose is to fight and die , especially the low-ranking males . 
  secondly , just because we consider the culture ultra-patriarchal and demeaning to women , does n't mean that some women do n't like it . 
  staying at home , making babies , being subordinate to one 's husband , these choices are n't unheard of . 
  but of course the main thing is that from a rational pov it sucks for both sexes immensely ( many of the harsh rules and life conditions apply equally to both ) , and it 's impossible to understand that someone would choose that life over ours without faith in afterlife rewards . 
  na bro we totally died from diseases together on that crimea thing . 
  gave the ruskies a black eye too . 
  we should go back there , for old time 's sake . 
  the spiegel is fox news now ? 
  france has one of the most assimilationist cultures around , compared to say the uk or us or sweden . 
  those countries who have large numbers of muslims have the same religious ghettoes , they are largely self-segregated . 
  we obviously would n't , being from different countries and all . 
  the only people you could have that conversation with are the friends you have who are already convinced there 's a problem , and perhaps not even then , if you both hide it . 
  ensuring that the truth never reaches anyone else . 
  the intimidation is what has kept this poisonous ideology alive . 
  what are you gon na do when they declare that criticism of islam deserves the same treatment than criticism of their `` prophet '' ( btw : this already applies in muslim countries ) ? 
  stay at home quietly , until you decide to convert out of fear for your life ? 
  thank you for your concern , friend , but civil courage has to start somewhere . 
  charb died for this shit . 
  i think mohammed was absolute human garbage actually . 
  you can see even in his own stories both his enemies and his followers show more honor , mercy and moral fiber than he does . 
  not necessarily . 
  there are a few muslims whose ideas are virtually indistinguishable from a normal westerner 's , like some people here identify as catholics or jews but do n't give a single shit what the bible or the pope says , so too do they ignore whatever the quran or imams say . 
  the problem is , westerners considerably overestimate their numbers . 
  they are not the norm at all among muslims . 
  alright , sorry , bunch of questions , answer what you want : 1 ) so where do you stand on sharia law , death for apostasy , death for criticism of muhammad , death for adultery , death for homosexuality issue ? 
  2 ) if you do n't support these things , what are you going to do about it , ie do you think islam can/should be reformed ? 
  how ? 
  3 ) are you a typical muslim , wherever you live ? 
  yeah they really want to bury their heads in the sand and pretend islam is an enlightened religion hijacked by extremists .
