  his is a rich culture , and it has grappled with issues of race for some time in its own way . 
  even if all the newspapers were following a stalinist party line , consevative brits would have to read something and would show up in the readership . 
  your apology is rejected . 
  see you you-know-where . 
  i think it 's fine ; all the countries are friendly , developed , democratic countries . 
  now if he had said the same to saudi arabia or pakistan ( and for all i know he might have ) , that would have crossed the hypocrisy line for me . 
  i do n't think we need nationalism or religion to prevail . 
  i 'd just be glad when the left stops assuming everyone is a neat little universalist like them , and stop defending medieval tribalistic ideologies like islam . 
   there is a massive , massive gulf between these civilizations . 
  yeah , a massive economic , moral , military , scientific , cultural gulf . 
  fuck relativism , our societies are better in almost every way . 
  all the west needs to prevail is to tell the truth and not take any shit . 
  not just germany . 
  all of eastern europe , two thirds of northern europe , half of southern europe . 
  and rising ... 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  we 're discussing this study , ( which btw was presented to defend your assertion ) and if you do n't have a similar one with exact religion-based data , it 's the next best thing . 
  it 's likely that many bengladeshi and pakistani immigrants are muslim , since those countries are 87 and 99 % muslims . 
   it 's a bit too broad , but generally low-class white children perform consistently the worst in uk schools . 
  ( i.e. 
  http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201415/cmselect/cmeduc/142/142.pdf[1] ) the proportion of white british who end up in the `` disadvantaged '' category ( by the free school meal criteria ) is much lower than muslim groups . 
  only 12 % of white british are disadvantaged , compared to 39 % of bangladeshis , and 28 % of pakistanis . 
  in statistician terms , their suckyness is more concentrated . 
   especially seeing as you might be asked to attack one of your relatives in the not so distant future . 
  what do you mean relatives ? 
  are all muslims related to each other ? 
  most of british muslims come from pakistan , india , bangladesh . 
  their relatives are thousands of miles from the possible conflict zone , in a totally different country , not the is soldiers the raf fires at . 
  it is a troubling meme that all muslims are related and should be considered `` brothers '' . 
  if i decided that all tall people are my brothers and i would blindly take their side and avenge them whenever one is insulted or harmed , refuse to condemn them when they do morally repulsive things , i would be putting all non-tall people outside of my `` circle of morality '' . 
  if enough people think like me , and non-tall people do the same and put tall people outside of their circle , the result is height war . 
   and because they usually have a much better educational background ( immigrants and muslims generally outperform their white working class peers ) that 's a weird statement , because you 've already separated one group into a higher and lower performing group , then you compare the lower performing part of one group to the whole of the other group . 
  if you separate muslims into working class and higher , then they do n't outperform the corresponding non-muslim class . 
  iow , the muslim working class should want to go into the armed forces to some degree , barring major ideological problems . 
   are a lot to do with moderate muslim pacifism haha the religion of peace strikes again ... this time by sending a higher number of combatants to a bloodthirsty expansionistic foreign theocracy than to the army of the peaceful democratic society they 're part of . 
  at the current rate of sea level rise , it will take 3,5 millenia . 
  actually , going by college degree , we should expect 50 % more women than men in politics . 
  but that 's a gap you folks have long stopped caring about , as it favours the right sort of people . 
  their needs are greater than their abilities . 
  but abolished the slave trade in 1815 . 
  also abolished serfdom in his conquests . 
  the debunking of the analogy fails because , in libertarian concepts , a state is less like a home than a collection of homeowners in a protected neighboorhood , who pay for a common park , common security , common swimming pool etc. 
  let 's assume , as you claim , that unrestricted immigration would work great if there was no welfare . 
  but , realistically the welfare system will stay in place despite your best wishes . 
  what then must we do ? 
  is preventing trespassing an act of force ? 
  i wish the left wing would make its mind up about immigration . 
  if it 's positive to the hosts , why do we need to force them on countries who do n't want them ? 
  let sweden and co take them all . 
  and if we 're only taking them as a humanitarian act , their rhetoric over the last decades has been bullshit . 
  some gratitude , expectations to learn and respect the language and customs of the host country etc would be in order . 
  i agree with you . 
  vitruvian man is a great symbol . 
  although i wish the symbols were more related to coins and money than national pride . 
  i do n't know , it would be cool to see a guy with top hat and cigar with `` show me the money '' inscribed in latin on a coin . 
  the horseshoe theory predicts that political scientists have about the same level of insight as apolitical imbeciles , so i would n't put too much credit in their beliefs . 
  mark my words : in 2050 , berlusconi will be president of europe . 
  ah , the ole `` muslims are only 2 % of terrorists , why the media bias '' trickeroo . 
  except they are responsible for the overwhelming majority of terrorist * deaths * in the us and europe . 
  sarcasmville , you missed the station . 
  what about plant problems ? 
  i would n't say it 's a phobia exactly ... 
  it 's more like i think humanity would be far better off without that ideology , like nazism and communism . 
  you choose to avert your eyes at the uglyness it produces , and i understand that . 
  no one wants to believe that milllions of people hate them and could kill them for ridiculous reasons like a line in an old book . 
  i hope your beliefs comfort you and make you happy . 
  i mean it in the american sense , casualty of spending so much time on an american website . 
  the fact that i decried a pc mindset should have tipped you off . 
   thinking that the only cause of jihadist behavior is islam is incredibly simplistic . 
  i would n't say the only cause , but the main cause certainly . 
  when it quacks like a duck ( terrorist/isis guy says it 's because of religious reasons ) and acts like a duck ( does what 's in the holy books ) , it probably is a duck . 
  look at you , telling the oppressed what they really think . 
  you need to get out of this neocolonialist mindset . 
  why would you feel sorry for me ? 
  i ca n't say i feel sorry for you . 
  i think you 're empowering some truly evil people with your delusions , and as a result innocent people die . 
  i think that seentence is indicative of the pc mindset , : you do n't believe things because they 're true , you believe them because they make you feel good . 
  hence , me not believing them must make me feel bad and you feel sorry for me . 
  ohh wow , that bit of wild analysis actually makes sense , home run for the good guys . 
  you 're intellectualizing it too much . 
  why ca n't liberals just listen to what the perpetrators are saying : `` kill infidels , get virgins '' . 
  it 's not about politics or socioeconomic conditions . 
  being nice will do nothing for you . 
  i kind of want it . 
  free trade , what 's not to like ? 
  but i 'm sure every pleb and his mom has a good personal reason for opposing it . 
  such a vast yet vague policy can be opposed on almost any reason . 
  anti-americanism , anti-eu-ism , anti-capitalism , anti-regulationism , nationalism , regionalism , environmentalism , etc. . . 
  all i know is from wiki . 
  this concerns my own country , but here goes ; i really would like an honest discussion of the exact role of the french government in the rwandan genocide in the 90s . 
  it appears they had at least some influence over the complicit army at the time of the genocide , and then somehow protected the retreating hutus when the tutsi army gained ground . 
  no one talks about it , and whenever i bring this up , it 's like i shat the bed , and no one wants to talk about it . 
  maybe there 's nothing morally reprehensible there , and they could n't have done anything to prevent it , but i would like to be certain . 
  i 'm really not the type to constantly rant about the legacy of colonialism and to blame everything on the white man , but it 's strange that not even those people bring this up . 
  it 's pretty much dead from both sides for the foreseeable future . 
   even with all the references of entire nations still the purpose of destroying peoples never stalinist regime did not put in front of him . 
   by the way , about the same behave today americans , trying to impose its model of almost all over the world . 
   and farewell to his son , he said later that all of our great fear . 
  this , incidentally , also has some merit . 
  but if we assume that we have today , and seriously , then , of course , we must look primarily to the threat .
