  i ca n't find it now , i think it was on slatestarcodex , but anyway , what you 're doing is you assume the opponent is wrong , then you give the reasons why it is so : `` he has blinders , he is deluded , he has prejudice , he projects , etc ' . 
  the fallacy being that you 're assuming what you should prove , you 're not explaining what makes his beliefs wrong of themselves . 
  i see no racism . 
  or is the anti-german sentiment coming out of greece racist too ? 
   project much ? 
   then you 're deluded you 're incapable of discussing anything without pretending the other side is mentally damaged in some way every few words . 
  you suck at this . 
  ya okay , the side you 're not on is made up of totally misinformed and utterly racist morons , great analysis . 
  you struck a blow for the oppressed today . 
  why do n't you fuck off ? 
  you guys are so deluded it 's hilarious . 
  i wish you the best , no hard feelings . 
  just please do n't close the border after we collapse so we too can partake in the new world economy . 
  for old times ' sake . 
  again , we disagree . 
  you see , we disagree because we picked different sides , not because one side ` abuses ' the respective ` phobia ' or not . 
   you do know that fear for antisemitism is the number one reason israel is getting so much international military funding to attack palestine , right ? 
  lol , israel has more than enough to attack and conquer and kill all of palestine if they wanted to , which they do n't . 
  the funding is to defend them against all their neighbours who are waiting for the opportunity to crush them . 
  i would n't worry for the palestinians on the lobby front , most left-wing to left-of-center groups and parties globally are defending them no matter what they do . 
  i look at palestinians and i see people who want to kill jews . 
  and they 're not even hiding it . 
  the only reason they 're not doing it is because they do n't have the power to do it , because their `` brothers '' lost a bunch of wars they started themselves for the explicit purpose of killing jews . 
   the fear for hate against jews is greatly exaggerated . 
  this is done for political reasons , which is bad . 
  that 's your opinion , not mine . 
  sure , some people bang that drum too much , but at least they have good reason too . 
  while the people who yell islamophobia as soon as a bomb explodes look like enablers . 
  wait , there 's a proof in there ? 
  i did n't see it . 
  what does this mean , let me think . 
  there 's a disused historical proof that bears a resemblance to what you 're saying . 
  does the proof rely on something called `` the jewish control of the media '' ? 
  oh okay , so you 're not just anti-islamophobia , you 're pro-jewishophobia too . 
  makes sense , i personnally am inclined to the opposite . 
   it is an annoying background noise . 
  yeah , it must be annoying when the side you picked as the oppressed one keeps killing the side you 've decided makes a big deal out of nothing . 
  they got elected on the promise of ending austerity . 
  that they decided to reverse course too late , once they realised that the magical anti-austerity money has to come from somewhere , is a testament to nothing but their own incompetence . 
  you 're assuming the greek government will pay this time . 
  we already had bailout and haircut , that was supposed to do the trick , that was the logic , your logic . 
  now they want another haircut and bailout . 
  pay attention : since yesterday 's bailout was today 's gift , what will today 's bailout be ? 
  we 're throwing more and more money at a black hole that never repays anything . 
  the greeks , by electing a far-left anti-austerity party and voting no , have shown that they do not feel strongly about repaying their debts , even when it comes from fellow european taxpayers . 
  they will blame the eu , ask for german reparations , coat everything in half-baked class war rhetoric , rather than honor their commitments . 
   the pro grexic camp is insane and has no fucking clue about the actual consequences . 
  that 's unnecessary . 
  insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  no government likes to increase taxes or lower spending , so those things tend to be the last things a government does if it has any choice in the matter . 
  the right-wing creates deficits by cutting taxes and the left-wing by increasing spending . 
  government spending and cutting taxes are both good for economic growth . 
  there 's an amusing symmetry here , each side has a theory that takes that idea to the extreme , and it ends up going against common sense : the hardline reaganomics/supply-side economics guys say that if you cut taxes , the economy will grow so much that you get your money back and more , while the hardline keynesians/anti-austerity guys say that if you increase spending by a lot , the economy will grow so much that you 'll make your money back in taxes and more . 
  both are false as a general rule , but can hold true for specific taxes/spending . 
   the german and french governments decided to lend greece money with which to pay the banks out so they did n't lose a single cent . 
  this is patently false . 
  the private creditors lost money , more than 50 % in fact . 
  100 billion euros vanished . 
   it bailed them out at 100 % market value . 
  it does n't mean that they did n't lose money . 
  the market is not stupid . 
  it had already scratched a big part of the nominal value by the time of the bailout . 
   in what universe is a loan an entitlement ? 
  in ours . 
  no one is forced to give anyone else a loan . 
  and those loans were priced far below what greece could expect from the market . 
  we 'll see how it goes . 
  even if they come to an understanding , the deal will have to be accepted by the parliaments , and varoufakis ' comments and behaviour have considerably poisoned the view of some european populations on a new bailout . 
  enough that it could mean losing a reelection if the voters do n't accept it . 
  at the very least , the politicians will have a lot of pr to do if they pass this . 
  based on what has surfaced , i think i 'm understanding the syriza behaviour these last few months more and more . 
  and i think all the hubbub about varoufakis and co being master game theorists and gamblers is total bullshit . 
  they are incompetent . 
  they appear shocked that their discussion partners were seriously considering a grexit , when in fact it was probably the most important battleground of the negotiations . 
  the eurozone wanted mostly : - to lose/pay as little money as possible - avoiding grexit syriza wanted mostly : - to receive/get forgiven as much money as possible - avoiding grexit since the first goal are in contradiction to each other , obviously they are in a deadlock on that point . 
  but the degree to which each partner wants to avoid a grexit , which side has the most to lose in a grexit , decides which side has the upper hand in the negotiation . 
  and the partner with the most to lose is greece , as has been said many times . 
  but instead of recognizing this state of affairs and accept that he has been dealt a weak hand and act accordingly , he did the equivalent of stomping his feet like a child who does n't confront reality and whined about the mean german disciplinarian and called for a referendum confirming that the greek people wanted both money and the euro and repeatedly said stuff like `` a grexit is not negotiable '' . 
  everything is negotiable . 
  now eat your celery . 
  i do n't get the analogy . 
  he was clearly pissing everywhere when he was inside . 
  his legacy as a finance minister is no deal reached , a paralysed banking system on the brink of total collapse , and a sprinkling of inflammatory comments . 
  to get back to the analogy , all in all , he managed to * piss away * precious time and * piss off * everyone . 
   the jewish tribes got attacked because they broke the treaty they signed with the muslims and took part in the attacks against them . 
  not true . 
  they never did anything , even as the meccans had a big army , and asked for their help , the jewish leader refused to attack the muslims . 
   when the representatives of the quraysh and the ghatafan came to the qurayza , asking for support in the planned decisive battle with muhammad , the qurayza indeed demanded hostages . 
  the representatives of the besiegers refused , breaking down negotiations [ 46 ] [ 47 ] and resulting in the banu qurayza becoming extremely distrustful of the besieging army . 
  [ 12 ] the qurayza did not take any actions to support them until the besieging forces retreated . 
  [ 30 ] thus the threat of a second front against the defenders never materialised . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banu_qurayza#battle_of_the_trench when the meccans left , the muslims attacked them , supposedly because the angel gabriel told him . 
  ** after they surrendered ** , they were all slaughtered by the muslims , so muhammad could steal their cattle and enslave their women . 
  it 's despicable . 
  and the two tribes before that were also exiled for no reason . 
  from their own land . 
  by an outsider they had welcomed on their land . 
   the invasion of india was by muslims and they were n't islamics . 
  what ? 
  what does that mean ?
