  how does life under feudalism sound ? 
  theocratic madmen in charge ? 
  totalitarian dictators ? 
  let alone a slave . 
  demonstrate something false , yes . 
  with arguments that are cherrypicked to demonstrate how erudite the author is , and ignore contrary arguments depending on where you want the demonstration to go . 
  that 's how you get postmodernist philosophy , lol . 
  might be very stem-like of me , but it 's all sophistry to me . 
  you do n't know what it is to be a slave . 
  real-world representative democracy falls short of your ideals , boo hoo . 
  it could be worse . 
  so much worse . 
  it often is . 
  on a scale from 1 to 10 , with 1 being a slave , and 10 being a citizen of the best , freeest society humanity managed to build , you 're an 8-9 . 
  do n't vote , i do n't care . 
  criticize , be my guest . 
  but do n't say democracy , or whatever it is we have , is entirely meaningless and corrupt , no better than slavery . 
  you would n't . 
   the french education system puts a lot of emphasis on critical analysis i really do n't agree with this . 
  they put a lot of emphasis on the right structures and very constricting rules when answering the question . 
  it 's not like you can write an interesting , personal , honest answer to the problem . 
  for instance , it is mandatory that your commentary analysis of the excerpt be laudatory . 
  what you 're supposed to be `` commentating '' is the question `` what makes this excerpt great literature ? 
  '' ( i was told this explicitly ) . 
  you ca n't explain why you think it 's not good , or even not great . 
  or comment on a flaw . 
  after running out of the one or two things in the piece that are genuinely good , you end up spouting false , laudatory garbage , for pages . 
  i hated it . 
  i actually wrote a couple of quite hilarious ( if i may say so myself ) parodies that i gave as homework instead of the real thing . 
  i think my dissertation was on `` why you should never tell the truth in a dissertation '' and the commentary was on a paragraph of a grammar textbook . 
  i was sent to the principal 's office , but it was worth it . 
  you said your political opinions are now only at home in scotland or greece . 
  greece 's ruling party contains/has absorbed [ numerous communist parties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syriza#former_constituent_parties ) . 
  so , obvious question : what 's the relationship of stalin , mao , castro , etc , to the ideals you claim to hold ? 
  in what way is it conservative ? 
  seems to me a conservative zimbabwean would want to preserve the institutions and structures of the past , not kicking out whites to redistribute their property . 
  president and first secretary robert mugabe slogan `` unity , peace , and development '' [ 1 ] founded 22 december 1987 merger of zanu and zapu headquarters harare , zimbabwe youth wing zanu -- pf youth league women 's wing zanu -- pf women 's league ideology african nationalism , populism , socialism political position : left-wing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zimbabwe_african_national_union_%e2%80%93_patriotic_front is this a conservative party ? 
  and since when is authoritarianism limited to the right ? 
  are you attempting to no-true-scotsman the left out of anything bad ? 
  zimbabwe fits the bill . 
  helmed by a hero of the proletariat , great anti-colonialist , anti-racist credentials , and 30 years of applied left-wing economic theory in the form of import substitution industrialization . 
  only half ? 
  sun tzu said [ a hundred . ], 
  ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/sun_tzu#chapter_iii_.c2.b7_strategic_attack ), 
  not much to it . 
  it 's a syllogism . 
  if money is just numbers , and money equals babies , ... 
  he said that earlier . 
  when mahomet had absolute power , he did n't believe in tolerance anymore . 
  all major islamic school of thought ( hanafi , maliki , shafi'i , hanbali , and the shias ) agree on the death penalty for apostasy . 
  tell me more about how there 's no compulsion . 
  and offensive holy war against nonbelievers for the sole purpose of spreading the faith is definitely not some obscure interpretation . 
  it 's islamic orthodoxy ... and you ask why peace with infidels may be hard to come by ? 
  weak answer ... at least deny , say things like `` no , it 's not true , it 's not called house of war '' , or '' mahomet was a very peaceful nonpedo type of guy '', 
   it has been narrated on the authority of abdullah b. 
  ` umar that the messenger of allah said : i have been commanded to fight against people till they testify that there is no god but allah , that muhammad is the messenger of allah , and they establish prayer , and pay zakat and if they do it , their blood and property are guaranteed protection on my behalf except when justified by law , and their affairs rest with allah . 
  islam calls everything not ruled by sharia `` the house of war '' . 
  oh great , some favour stoning the adulterous partner first , others disagree and say they should be killed together . 
  there 's a true diversity of opinion and important debates taking place . 
  welp , nothing to see here , i guess islam means nothing after all . 
  i do n't hate you , i just think what you 're saying is clich\u00e9 and ahem , intellectually weak . 
  if money is just numbers on a screen , why is greece crying miserably when the eurozone threatens to stop sending more ? 
  they 've been saying , less money = dead babies . 
  money can be converted into almost anything else , that 's why it is money . 
  money equals babies , if you want it to . 
  babies are just numbers on a screen . 
   than srew this fucking credit system and develop a better one , that can handle situation like that . 
  the one where they do n't charge interest , like in the middle ages ? 
  or the one that makes money out of thin air ? 
  just because you do n't understand it , does not make money a magical , meaningless thing . 
  the literal interpretation of this verse is widely accepted , only apologists deny it . 
  here 's some liberal muslim trying to convince others they should n't interpret it literally . 
  he refers to it as `` the traditional , popular muslim view '' , held by most clerics . 
  your apologist site does n't even manage to put together a convincing case . 
  there is no `` context '' to soften the blow , only some `` well , in those other places , he said something ambiguous '' . 
  in any case the `` do n't take them as friends '' chapter ( 5 ) i quoted is `` revealed '' later , and as such it abrogates ( annuls ) the earlier ( 60 ) , more tolerant verse , on which their `` debunking '' is based . 
  here 's another site , which seems to be actually about counseling muslims , and not a pr site for confused liberals ( i like how your article begins with `` this verse is often quoted to show that islam is intolerant . 
   moreover , the article says that 1,000 people attended the funeral . 
  it never broke down the number to just being muslims . 
  you added that . 
  please , i 'd bet my infidel head the crowd was nearly 100 % muslim . 
  his is not the kind to make friends across all religions . 
  as it says in the quran : `` o you who believe !, 
  do not take the jews and the christians for friends ; they are friends of each other ; and whoever amongst you takes them for a friend , then surely he is one of them ; surely allah does not guide the unjust people . '', 
  is that your only evidence of `` strong editorializing '' ? 
  fine , then i want less honor killings in my pizza . 
  and he has my respect for that . 
  i 'm tired of famous people groveling to the pc outrage professionals . 
  i 'll note the irony of this outrage being partially about women not able to take criticism . 
  `` waaaa !, 
  apologize immediately , my feelings are hurt !, 
  i so can take criticism ! '', 
  what ? 
   according to unicef estimates in 1999 , two-thirds of all murders in the palestinian territories were likely honor killings . 
  -  in 2005 the average annual number of honor killings for the whole nation ( pakistan ) was stated to be more than 10,000 per year . 
  haha good one . 
  and they do say der jude is witzig . 
  you 're on the right track . 
  questioning a native middle european 's view of normality is itself normalizing . 
  why should he bend to the peculiar whims of your foreign culture ?
