   the mughals took power for example by attacking the muslim lodis who took power by attacking the muslim delhi sultanate . 
  and all of them killed and enslaved hindus by the millions , which contributed to the spreading of islam . 
   they were n't nice to hindus but the vast majority of the people living in those regions stayed hindu . 
  something europeans would have never allowed . 
  europeans controlled parts of india , then the entirety of india , for centuries . 
  is india now 100 % christian ? 
   the greatest tragedy that befell them were the safavids . 
  they 're muslims . 
  i do n't see your point . 
   they were n't force converting muslims ... they were killing them . 
  sure , they killed some when they took control , just like muslims did almost everywhere else islam spread . 
  then they allowed muslims to stay in their land , pay taxes and practice their religion . 
  muslims were dhimmis , if you want . 
   this was a clear violation of the treaty that was favourable to the quraish . 
  the muslims broke the treaty first , as the quran acknowledges : http://www.usc.edu/org/cmje/religious-texts/quran/verses/060-qmt.php#060.010 muhammad does n't care about treaties : `` if i take an oath to do something and later on i find something else better than the first one , then i do what is better and make expiation for my oath . '', 
  ( bukhari 78:618 )  ever heard of the wars of religion ? 
  the 30 year war ? 
  the huguenot massacre and emigration ? 
  yeah , of course . 
  some massacres here and there as sects fight each other do not support your point that christianity is more violent than islam . 
  muslims had the ridda wars as soon as his body was cold , many others , and of course the bloody and ongoing shia-sunny wars need no introduction . 
   do you not find it suspicious that there is a neat line that divides catholic and protestant europe ? 
  bavaria is 50 % catholic , 22 % protestant . 
  do you not find it suspicious that when you go from morocco all the way to pakistan , all the countries have 90 % + muslims at least , a bunch even at 99 % ( morocco afghanistan tunisia iran western sahara mauritania yemen tajikistan iraq jordan turkey somalia ) ? 
  people do n't just change their religion . 
  those lines are far more clear than the ones in europe . 
  it 's what i always say to climate change alarmists . 
  the religion you 're looking for is jainism . 
   the comment added nothing . 
  we 're not banning people for shitposting , else your `` found the bigot '' comment would get you banned . 
  the comment that said ` my bet is on cultural enrichment . 
  let 's see if i 'm wrong ' . 
  the guy thinks it 's probably islam . 
  you ca n't possibly know that it 's certainly false , ie , `` it 's definitely not islam '' , so he has the `` truth defense '' to boot . 
   it was n't a viewpoint , it was n't an opinion , it was just ' i hate these kinds of people ' . 
  aha , now we 're getting to the heart of the matter : you argue for banning islamophobes , as determined by you . 
  it was n't anything close to `` i hate these kind of people '' . 
  your convoluted logic goes like this `` thinking it 's isis =  hating isis =  hating muslims '' . 
  there 's so much wrong with both of those shortcuts . 
  thinking it 's isis =  hating isis : the probability that some group did something is not dependent on the particular emotional state of the person making the statement . 
  you could think it 's isis while having no feeling at all towards isis , or even being an isis supporter . 
  this is straightforward . 
  hating isis =  hating muslims here you make a shortcut between hating those terrorist attacks and hating muslims . 
  you 're assuming that terrorist attacks represents muslims . 
  i 'm sure isis is grateful . 
  `` sure thing joe , i 'm still coming to the barbecue , but the goddam ' robbery is still in progress , and there 's a gang war outside the wal-mart , so it might take me a while to get there . 
  i 'm sorry sir , could you hurry up , i need to be some place . 
  jesus , have you never done this before or what ? 
  the safety on your gun is still on . '', 
  if not wanting people banned for their views is a victim complex , then yeah , i have one . 
  i pride myself on not having supported any thing like that , ever . 
  and of course , that includes people like you and people far more annoying than you ( no disrespect intended ) . 
  you argue itt for shadowbanning anyone who mentions the possibility that it 's islam-related . 
  that 's pretty extreme . 
  you do more than complain about some perceived bias ( like i do ) . 
  you want to silence opponents who do n't share your bias . 
  never mention islam . 
  it promotes stereotypes and generalizing . 
  even if it is islam , it has nothing to do with islam . 
  i mean the act of disagreeing , speaking against , not the statement that contradicts itself . 
  might be a language mistake on my part . 
  i would make fun of you , but i think you need help . 
  walking around thinking everyone is your enemy is no way to live . 
  you are interpreting every contradiction as further proof of a conspiracy . 
  find a way to make peace , or at least an internal ceasefire , with your `` enemies '' , for your sake . 
  people are often wrong on a myriad of subjects , that does n't make them evil . 
  maybe one day you will have convinced everyone of your views and your policies will triumph . 
  in the meantime , take it easy . 
   they never engaged in warfare for the sake of warfare of course they did . 
  one of their biggest ealy battles , badr , was muslims trying to attack a meccan trading caravan and facing the escort force . 
  he expelled and killed the medina jewish tribes to get their cattle and possessions . 
  later on he just conquered tribes who had nothing to do with a previous conflict . 
   what you need to do is separate the muslim conquests from forcible conversion . 
  millions of people were killed , millions were enslaved in the course of muslim conquest . 
  are you denying that ? 
  look especially at the hindus , which were n't fortunate enough to be `` people of the book '' and therefore were killed and enslaved en masse as islam `` spread '' through india . 
  since you 're looking for people who were all but wiped out , how about the zoroastrians , which made up a majority of persia , and were almost entirely gone a few centuries later ? 
  besides , the crusaders that you seem to have a problem with did n't force convert every muslim either . 
  the states they created were majority muslim . 
  it 's all good , right ? 
  the muslim world had plenty of pogroms and mass killings of jews , christians , hindus , zoroastrians , etc , even after the conquest was done . 
  it 's just that the muslims never apologize for them like the west does , because they think it 's fine . 
   he last battle between the muslims and the people of mecca was started by meccans . 
  wrong . 
  by this point the meccans were far weaker than the muslims . 
  muhammad used a pretext of some allied tribe fighting another to invade mecca . 
  the quraish wanted to negotiate but muhammad saw his chance to crush them . 
  they could n't even assemble a real army or defend their city , they were that weak . 
  then muhammad had his detractors and enemies inside the city killed , and everyone else forcibly converted . 
   another example is the divide between reformed christianity and catholicism . 
  england was for hundreds of years a catholic country . 
  catholicism changing into anglicanism and protestantism was n't achieved through `` utter extermination '' as you seem to believe . 
  in nearly every village in france where i live , there is a catholic and a protestant church , and they 've been there for a very long time . 
  yeah , that part was sarcasm . 
  obviously , it * was * the impression i got after i read the article , else i would n't have said it . 
  he 's always like that , marx shits in his cereal every morning . 
  highlights from the last week of comments ( the whole account is only 10 days old ) :  greece will come back and make europe rue the day they did what they did . 
  hopefully with not just a economic war but a actual war . 
  - ( expanding on class war in the context of the greece debt crisis ) :  and that 's something i have had to only come to realizein my later life . 
  that i eat , sleep , drink , and share my life with people who are my enemies .
