   i think this is probably what african americans feel like having to live with white people . 
   the enemy is everywhere . 
  ( he does n't like this sub apparently , but it 's a very important sub ) :  democracy in both nations is just a facade . 
  it does n't exist . 
  it 's not real . 
  it 's just another system for the rich to rig . 
  they use the internet to help them . 
  the internet does n't expand freedom . 
  it steifles it . 
  the downvotes on this very sub are proof of that . 
  this subreddit is being used as ground zero for a propaganda machine that runs far and wide whose entire goal is to ensure the status quo and make sure that the rich keep getting richer and the poor keep getting poorer . 
   varoufakis gets that . 
  i get that . 
  this guy does n't quit . 
  he 's funny , but he seems too earnest to be a troll . 
  no , i 'm just spouting the opposite of what i really think because i hate greeks . 
  what a rambling mess of nonsense . 
  `` boo hoo , they would n't give as much as we were willing to take . '', 
  thanks , we got that from the failure of negotiations . 
  it 's not blackmail to point to point out that greece will be in a shit position if she does n't get the continued support of the eurozone . 
  you overplayed a very weak hand , as many greece-critical people have said on this board . 
  do n't blame everyone else for getting called on it . 
  wrong . 
   [ 1 ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_bg4hvaj9app4yzx ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_4hkng0ow1nafpej ) , [ 3 ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_0ng4fuw3lrdjh2r ) , [ 4 ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_1fcagupfnlylbno )  these answers obviously only reflect the specific questions and not the general consensus on economic policy-making . 
   long story short : no clear picture . 
  even if there is a slight majority one way or another `` uncertain '' is usually the most prominent answer . 
  credit / u/miltton greece episode vi : electric boogaloo . 
  they are back ... for more money ... only this time ... it 's different !, 
  weak stuff . 
  all he said he did was attacking his political enemies and their supporters . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's fine to attack people who act illegaly . 
  but it 's not exactly a tough decision for his party , and it 's not enough to make greece 's finances viable . 
  you can easily imagine , that for example , if the right-wing was in power in greece right now they would go after a corrupt union . 
   who the fuck talks like that to anyone ? 
  have you ever seen a parliamentary debate before ? 
  this is how they talk . 
  what do you expect them to do ? 
  exchange smalltalk , pose for an official picture , and head home without hearing any arguments that might hurt their feelings ? 
  we have enough of those summits already . 
  you seem reasonable when you 're not talking about your beliefs . 
  it 's a tragedy that reasonable people can be hoodwinked and blackmailed into supporting such a fucked up belief system . 
   i 'm willing to talk but this subreddit has a timelimit which is annoying . 
  it 's a feature of reddit . 
  if your comments get downvoted , then the 10 min limit kicks in . 
  it 's annoying . 
  there 's a way around it , sometimes . 
  you can ask the mods of / r/europe to put you on their `` approved commenters '' list , that removes the limit on the sub . 
  but sometimes mods use that list for other purposes . 
   the hadiths ( written later but are important ) assigned punishment which include deaths . 
  i am aware of that . 
  this is one of those rules that could never be accepted here . 
  between the apostate and the muslim who wants to kill him , we will take the side of the apostate . 
  this would be true for any religion that seeks to kill its apostates . 
  there can be no compromise on this . 
  so if islam is set for all eternity , our cultures are on a collision course . 
   i 've seen people come up with incredibly shitty reasoning for doing what they do . 
  like a thief who told me that it was ok to steal as long as it was only from non-muslims . 
  your prophet routinely stole from and killed nonmuslims for no other reason than them being nonmuslims . 
  he was no better than genghis khan , whose thirst for blood the muslims experienced ( along with many asians and some europeans ) . 
  muhammad and his followers massacred nonmuslims , including a large number of christians , in the same way , for the same reasons : greed and power . 
  it is highly likely that you are a descendant of people who were defeated , massacred and raped by muslims . 
  you are being kept into this cult by fear of being killed by your conquerors , just like it was in the beginning of the conquest , yet now you identify with them . 
  it 's sad . 
  i personnally ca n't see much difference between isis and the actions of your prophet , whose deeds are apparently set in stone for all eternity . 
  you , and most muslims , are better than this . 
  i 'm sure some message boards say strange things , although i 've never seen anyone espousing those ideas . 
  the commenter i was responding to however , talked about `` this board '' , ie / r/europe . 
  so it will only destroy one percent of the jobs it affects ? 
  that seems extremely low to me . 
  and if a crash comes , you 're guaranteed huge unemployment , thanks to this nonsense . 
  you got out of the crisis easy last time . 
  i do n't know how much people will lose their jobs , but i will say this : unemployment is not something easily brushed aside , a little trade-off one can make for some other small benefit . 
  i 'm no marxist at all , but there is a kernel of truth to the `` reserve army of labour '' . 
  the more unemployed there are , the more competition there is for new jobs , the higher the stresses on those who are employed . 
  you ca n't quit that job you hate because you know you 'll have trouble finding another one . 
  even a small effect on unemployment can have a large effect on everyone . 
  it have trouble understanding what it is you 're saying . 
   the religions view towards black people should stay the same . 
   if it did change then it would be called into question . 
  are you saying that a religion 's views on things such as slavery , death for apostasy , random evil shit , should not change , or else it would show that the religion is false ? 
  so the mormons , by changing their view of black people , have shown that their religion is false . 
  and islam , by never changing its view on anything , is `` pure '' ? 
  edit : yep , i guess that was what he meant . 
  every horrible act muhammad did and approved of is kosher for all time , no discussion possible . 
  i do n't know why i 'm still trying with these `` moderate muslims '' . 
  i should just ask them directly about death for apostasy from the start instead of hinting and trying to see a moderate position that is n't there , that would save me some time . 
   these guys do n't share the faith and do n't see how absurd it is for a believer to suddenly change their faith to fit the current environment . 
  200 years ago it was considered normal to think black people as less than human and a 100 years ago they were still looked down upon . 
  imagine changing your religious view on black people as society changes . 
  it would look absurd and take away any credibility . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  so the slaver who thinks slavery is religiously prescribed should be allowed to not only keep up his slave-owning , but it should also not be directly criticized , because it would `` look absurd and take away any credibility '' ? 
   her problem is that they are n't liberal and waving a rainbow flag . 
  that will never happen . 
  yeah , well , that 's a problem . 
  how far does their illiberalism go ? 
  do they hate democracy , jews , homosexuals , apostates , like some of their `` brothers '' ? 
   this is n't really up for discussion . 
   this rule was started up a long time ago and is older than most muslim sects . 
  plenty of old rules were absolute shit and have no place in a modern democracy .
