  you seem alright . 
  are you the elusive liberal muslim ? 
  the above heavily downvoted comment is correct . 
   the four major sunni schools of thought ( hanafi , shafi'i , maliki and hanbali ) hold that the entire body of the woman , except her face and hands must be covered during prayer and in public settings ( see awrah ) . 
  there are those who allow the feet to be uncovered as well as the hands and face . 
  calm your horses , this is not the end of freedom yet . 
  you ca n't shout `` fire ! '', 
  in a crowded theater either , you never could . 
  thank you , but i am just not convinced that your `` turning the other cheek '' strategy is the smart thing to do . 
  it may be the most `` civilized '' thing to do , a way to pat ourselves on the back for how morally superior we are , but it does n't address the problem . 
   more bombing is figuratively the only thing that could lose us the progress made . 
  it is because of the bombing that we have made progress , which you admit elsewhere itt . 
  anyway , let 's agree to disagree . 
  damn , here i go overestimating the impact of french high culture on the world . 
  here , it 's been on radios and tv ads for decades , thanks to its meaningful message . 
  because we are indeed , born to be alive . 
   but that 's ignoring the current changes : isis is on the retreat !, 
  ya , we 've been bombing them . 
  they 're not retreating fast enough . 
  it 's working , let 's bomb them more . 
   sure , if we allow for genocide . 
  other than that , what examples do you have ? 
  it 's not genocide to kill every armed isis member . 
  they 've declared war on all of humanity . 
  haha i 'm sorry fritz your sarcasm detector is on the fritz . 
   i just hope that this battle will not harm any civilians , because those will be the next row of isis . 
  or maybe the people in the lands they conquer if we do nothing will be the next row of isis . 
   you ca n't wipe out an ideology with violence . 
  history says you can . 
  they see their military success as proof of righteousness . 
  so wiping out isis proves them wrong . 
  i have nothing against turning the other cheek in principle , sometimes . 
  but i do n't think religious fanatics who crave murder-suicide of innocents are good targets for this strategy . 
  they are not the kind of people who realize the error of their ways when forgiven . 
   giving them apocalyptic conditions more likely strengthens their resolve . 
  on the contrary , the earlier we can bring in those apocalyptic conditions , the earlier they ( and the radical muslims who look on ) will be disappointed . 
  apocalyptic cults thrive during the waiting period . 
  they want a battle ; give them a battle . 
  we 'll see how powerful their god really is . 
  besides , if we manage to wipe them out , the problem is solved . 
  they even get their death wish , everybody wins . 
  first , because we have the firepower . 
  and they are pure evil . 
  we have all the moral justification we could ever need . 
  justice for their past victims , self-defense for us . 
  fuck them . 
  second , because those idiots are not going to stop . 
  on some level , they think they have a chance of winning a military confrontation against us because god is on their side and they see their 7th century military victories as example of that . 
  they ( and the muslims in the world who look on ) would see our passivity as weakness and proof that they 're winning . 
  civilian casualties : a problem , but let us not forget that the brutally oppress and kill the civilians in the lands they take . 
  by weakening them , we protect their future victims . 
  the movement that valued human life really only started in 1978 with patrick hernandez 's hit * born to be alive * . 
  your heart is in the right place man . 
  i understand you not coming out with all the death for apostasy shit . 
  this situation is just so fucked . 
  what are we supposed to do when people with such a hateful religion ca n't abandon it without risking death ? 
  any other belief we could just argue with peacefully , but this violent anti-discussion rule leaves only violence as counter ( or semi-violence , ie , not accepting muslim refugees , or kicking them out ) . 
  agree but , what is up with * tracks * ? 
  that stuff is too weird , man . 
  some 5th tier band tries a new mandolin-like object to play in the basement of some bar in bumfuck , central france . 
  we get it , you 're music hipsters . 
  that makes even less sense . 
  they do n't target the west because they 're not in the west . 
  they target the local infidels because they 're local . 
  the islamists who live here target us . 
  i see a pattern . 
  whatever the country , the islamist will ackhbar . 
  it will find a reason . 
  did the malians or the indians or everyone else who lives near muslims do western imperialism ? 
  no , but they 're still targets . 
  so we would still be targets if we were as passive and powerless geopolitically as they are ( no offense ) . 
   on other hand similar thing is central/south africa . 
  but since almost no oil most of western world pulled out and currently there are no jihadist there . 
  south africa : does n't have muslims in significant numbers , so the lack of jihadists is n't surprising . 
  it 's not whataboutism if top commenter was pointing out that the pope was part of the victim blaming trend . 
  it 's so desperate and fake how this pope tries to appeal to progressives . 
  i preferred nazi pope , he was honest . 
  of course you can comment as an american . 
  [ just try not too say anything too loud or crass . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/rbfwyla_ifi?t=64 ), 
   that has nothing to do with political correctness at all . 
  how is it even related to the term in any context ? 
  you 're completely wrong . 
  you know the term comes from stalinism , right ? 
  where moscow would just tell other communists what was `` politically correct '' , no discussion possible . 
  from the very beginning it was a pejorative term for subverting the truth . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting that pc is about `` keeping discussion civil '' . 
  saying something is '' * politically * correct '' implies that it isn `` t `` really correct '' , so it is usually a lie of some sort , whose purpose is often to advance a political cause . 
  so i think my example is very relevant . 
   truth is generally a very flexible thing in politics . 
  not in this sense , no . 
  i 'm not talking about that kind . 
  when swedish journalists `` whiten '' the faces of criminals for their newspapers , they know they 're lying , but they consider that they 're lying for a good cause , and that makes it okay for them . 
  that is pc . 
  as the name says , the essence of pc is the subordination of truth and telling the truth to some political goal or to the appearance of virtue . 
  some groups and ideas are fiercely protected , others are n't . 
  if pc is about politeness , it 's selective politeness . 
  this so-called `` charity for the poor '' , one of the pillars of islam , only extends to muslims . 
   islamic scholarship , historically , has taught that only muslims can be recipients of zakat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zakat#distribution needless to say , this disposition of sharia , like most of the rest , is thoroughly incompatible with our values . 
  i would never hurt school children , i swear , i 'm not into violent sex .
