  it is definitely up for discussion . 
  that 's sort of a crazy minimum wage increase . 
  by all means , if you want 10 % unemployment rate and almost every single job you can apply to at minimum wage like we have , go right ahead . 
   cuba knows of the bravery and the fighting capacity of the russian troops , which , together with the forces of their powerful ally the people 's republic of china , and other nations of the middle east and asia , always try to avoid war , but would never allow for any military aggression without an overwhelming and devastating response . 
  now tzipras can add the threat of nuclear apocalypse to his negotiating position . 
  that 's got ta be worth at least one more bailout . 
  rampant stereotypes yes , covert racism hell no . 
  you make it seem like any criticism of greek or portuguese policy , or behaviour , or ideas , is due to racism . 
  even when someone says that greeks are lazy , it 's still a far cry from racism . 
  who even thinks that they are a different race , or that their purported lazyness is genetic ? 
  thank you . 
  all these guardian articles make it seem like anyone who is n't anti-creditor is some sort of climate change denier who goes against the scientific consensus . 
  very interesting . 
  maybe i 'm psychologizing too much , but it puts some of the greek behaviour and go-to arguments in the last years in another light . 
  the willingness to run to yet another daddy state ( russia , china ) , the absolute certainty that they have cyprus '' ` in their pocket '' and no qualms to use it , the expectation that the eu showers them with money in exchange for archaic geostrategic considerations and unconditional support . 
  it 's like they 're always trying to sell their vote on the country level , while the eu expects them to make a choice , use their vote and forget about the bribe . 
  maybe it 's not clear what i mean : the eu expects the greeks to choose between , say russia and the eu , and obviously the europeans think choosing the eu is the rational choice , while the greeks just point to russia and say `` their bribe is bigger , they 'll get my vote . 
  you need to increase your bribe . 
  this is also true in france , and it 's an outrage . 
  there are ten new offices created per year in the entirety of france ( which lawyers can win by passing an ( obviously , very ) competitive exam ) , while the 10,000 established ones are transmitted by inheritance or buying . 
  the catastrophe was already built in , it had little to do with the reforms . 
  the only question was , reforms earlier while the power is still on , or reforms after the greek state and economy come crashing down . 
  what was the correct strategy 5 years ago , according to you ? 
  bigger bailouts , bigger haircuts , and less reforms ? 
  the bailouts and haircuts were already substantial , unpopular among non-greeks , and in contravention to eurozone rules . 
  then syriza comes back a few years later and asks for even more money and less reforms . 
  when is this going to end ? 
  does anyone have a real poll of economists , instead of this collection of individuals ? 
  i remember seeing one at some point that painted a different picture than this , which constantly re-utilizes those pro-syriza left-wing economists . 
  yeah , then the governments who pushed through some of the needed reforms got voted out of power . 
  syriza wanted , and got , a mandate to break with that policy . 
  why are you giving him shit for naming the region he 's from ? 
  your flair is uk , do you think you 're superior to the rest of the world ? 
  are you some kind of nationalistic dirtbag ? 
   not quite . 
  many private investors who bought low sold high not to another private investor , but to the taxpayer , via the bailouts . 
  i never said the contrary . 
  if the `` winning speculators '' had n't bought low and sold high , the original holders of the debt would have sold to the governments for the same price . 
  ie , those speculative transactions do not impact `` global private investors '' or `` global public investors '' in any way . 
  your condemnation of speculators is gratuitous . 
  i 'm letting it go now because i 'm just repeating myself . 
  they did . 
  more than half of it . 
  maybe they should have lost more , but i object to your characterization as the private investors making a killing on this . 
  whoever bought low and sold high found some other private investor who sold low , so this speculation , from the pov of all private investors , is neither loss nor gain . 
  what was a clear loss to them was the 50 % haircut . 
   `` hurr durr some speculators made money '' and the ones who sold at market value lost money . 
  and the private investors who had loaned money to greece faced a 53.5 % face value loss . 
  both are possible . 
  organized crime in the region is known to favour heavy equipment . 
  the imf only owns 10 % of greek debt , eurozone 60 % . 
  us and japan together `` own '' something like 30 % of the imf , eurozone 20 % . 
  so through imf , us and japan combined own like 3 % of greek debt , less than a twentieth of eurozone 's greek debt . 
  by all means , use your influence to increase imf loans/soften imf demands : it 's still a drop in the bucket compared to eurozone commitment and to what greece needs . 
  for each dictatorship that has acceptable returns , there are ten who not only screw up the economy , but oppress the population to boost . 
  just look at russia : started industrializing way earlier than the far east , loaded with resources , great military and diplomatic power , but a gdp per capita lower than eastern europe and far lower than the westernized far east ( japan , sk , taiwan ) . 
  china started up from the near absolute bottom thanks to another dictatorship ( which , if you 're paying attention , happens to be the same regime still in place ) . 
  their gdp per capita is still 4 to 6 times lower than the us , that 's huge . 
  inevitably , they will hit a plateau when they catch up to a more western living standard . 
  in the 80 's , there was this fear that the japanese would overcome the us if their growth rate kept going ( you can see many references to it in popular movies from the time ) . 
  needless to say , they did n't . 
  as to china 's very strong growth rate , to me it seems normal . 
  the later you come to the party , the lower your per capita gdp at the start , the higher the growth rate . 
  the first countries to industrialize had relatively low growth rates . 
  now , with globalization , we have masses of capital and easy to use technology that can get to where the highest return are in the blink of an eye . 
  i have no doubt that if you were to , say , bomb switzerland to the ground , take everything , and wipe their memory , they would get as good a growth rate or better than china in the next years with a democracy . 
  tomorrow , he will be named chairman of a new greek anti-corruption task force . 
  the next day , he will announce an independent investigation on german parliament members . 
  in german too . 
  are you still amused by this freak coincidence ? 
  good job exposing them !, 
  you have the top mind of the man who discovered [ this . ], 
  some keffiyeh + horn-rimmed glasses leftoids are heavily downvoting this . 
  one way or the other - amateur hour are in control of greece , face it numb-nuts . 
  i lol 'd . 
   we do n't rule with guns anymore for the most part , now we use clever financial fuckery . 
  i 'll take clever financial fuckery ( or , in this case `` no you ca n't get any more money from me unless you do x '' ) over tanks and bullets anytime . 
  the two are not even on comparable scales . 
  if only nazis and khmer rouges had used `` clever financial fuckery '' against their enemies , instead of death . 
  but i guess you subscribe to an ideology that needs its false equivalences to paint capitalism as teh evil . 
  if work is slavery , property is theft and influence is coercion is murder , then yes , capitalism is literally nazism . 
   any sort of socialism and a rejection of rabid free market crapola is such . 
  the troika is a neoliberal group . 
  they worship before the alter of milton friedman and jerk off to adam smith in their spare time . 
  is it worse than worshipping at the altar of marx and lenin ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  ( yeah , yeah , i know , you 're an anarcho-friendo-geotermist , you have nothing to do with any bad thing that happened blabla ... please do n't expand on your particular brand of left-wing utopia more than absolutely necessary )  they do n't want a guy like varoufakis ( an `` erratic marxist '' ) from succeeding at anything . 
  and he wants them to ? 
  do * you * want them to succeed ? 
  obviously not , so what are you accusing them of ? 
  using their influence to make people act according to what they think is the correct way is no crime . 
  the greek government is looking for people with a background in anarchism . 
  the commenters above dragged it there . 
  i do n't see german tanks in athens , imposing berlin 's ideology at the point of a gun . 
  they always have the resources to crush their own resilient population . 
  as opposed to what ? 
  communist governments ? 
  third world governments ? 
  no , he 's saying - if they were impolite they deserve to die - he 's a great guy and even assassins and drug dealers love him ( subtext ), 
   as for the welfare state , a state 's share of gdp does not make it a welfare state .
