  the guy thinks and says that he is completely right and everybody else wrong , and people , i guess , buy into his confidence . 
  the facts are far less kind to his positions : he completely overestimated the power greece had and caused the deals offered to greece to get far worse ( i 'm laughing at the thought of how every one of his moves was applauded/feared to be some kind of masterful game theorist stroke . 
  was he trying to lose as much as possible ? ) . 
  he calls himself a marxist , right away there is a large gap between his ideological basis and everybody else . 
  that a discussion about economics between marxists-influenced and non-marxists can rarely be fruitful , especially when one side has a vested interest in getting money from the other side , is not some kind of vindication of his economic views . 
  schauble 's version : schauble : `` so here 's the agreement we made plus a detailed new one , read it and tell me what you think . '', 
  v : `` no way dude , that 's totally bourgeois . 
  big capital is like , destroying my country . 
  you should read some marx , he predicted it . 
  although , we got ta be erratic on this thing , leave the particulars to me . 
  bottom line : we need the money , do n't be daft . '', 
  s : * blank stare * `` can we get someone else in here please ? '', 
  ca n't say that makes sense . 
  what is ` playing the zero sum card ' ? 
   nd that we can verify where greece 's debt comes from : most of it is accumulated interest due to their two years of absent bargaining power when the ecb refused to back them up . 
  that 's what happens when you rack up a huge debt . 
  assuming constant income , the bigger the debt , the more your payments go to interest as opposed to paying back the principal . 
   it 's the right that promotes competition by limiting the access to apparently wealth - because is it limited and giving someone else something feels as a cost to them it is a cost - redistribution incurs losses along the way , to pay for the administration , scammers , tax collectors , etc. 
  so the economy pays those people to shuffle paper , that 's a net loss . 
  not to mention , it disincentivize those who pay taxes - although that 's a more subjective , right-wing argument . 
   it 's the left that supports the idea that spreading the wealth around creates a positive sum and benefits all . 
  if you mean to argue that the left thinks its redistribution creates more wealth , i 'm not sure i agree to that . 
  the left often seems to argue that `` reducing inequality '' is good enough . 
  for instance , they might argue that a poor person has a greater utility out of 100 euros than a rich person ( which is obviously true ) , so redistributing creates greater utility , but it does n't create more wealth . 
  another favourite arguement is that the money of the rich really belongs to the poor : ie , it is the poor 's right to get that money `` back '' . 
  nothing in those arguments is about creating wealth . 
  -- anyway , i do n't want to offend left-wingers with this theory , i know i 'd be probably annoyed at a similar , anti-economically-right-wing people : i know that such grand , all-explaining theories are rarely correct and impossible to prove , they 're fun to think about , that 's all . 
   can we acknowledge that our plan did n't work as expected [ 1 ] , that we imposed an unbearable burden [ 2 ] , and that maybe we should offer a deal that does n't look like more of the same when it 's obvious it 's done no good ? 
  the goal of austerity is not to fire up the economy , but to stop hemorraging money . 
  the greek economy was dependent on loans it could not repay . 
  take away the unsustainable loans , and the economy contracts . 
  it was either that or making greece a perpetually subventioned state . 
  it 's like heroin withdrawal : it 's unpleasant , but necessary . 
  greece is like a drug addict who does n't have the money to buy drugs . 
  either you wean them off progressively with bailouts + reforms , or you cut off all funds ( no bailout , default ) and they go cold turkey , which is even more brutal . 
  because it 's so insightful it makes all your past actions and thoughts instantly clear ? 
  jokes aside , i did expect to get downvoted for this . 
  reddit is weird . 
  sometimes , the slightest hint of criticism at left-wing policies and you get downvoted to shit , other times you can bring on a very speculative , vague , general , all-out attack on left-wingers and boom , upvotes . 
  final solution . 
  you 'll never get a left-winger to understand this . 
  to them , on some level , money itself is tainted . 
  it 's like usury in the middle ages , money is the wages of sin . 
  who has it is the bad guy by definition . 
  the robber is a victim who `` strikes back '' at an exploiter . 
  it 's all a closed zero-sum system . 
  greeks are poor , someone must have stolen it . 
  germany 's rich , they must have stolen it from somewhere . 
  what about animals ? 
  you 're not a pleasant person , are you ? 
  why , did you plan on runnin a huge deficit for decades , taking a bailout , taking a haircut , fail to fix your problems , needing another one , dick around for 6 months , get a fair offer for a new one , refuse it , call for a referendum too late while supporting the no side , `` win '' the no , party like there 's no tomorrow , then ask for a similar deal to the one you just rejected ? 
  then maybe your place is n't in the ez . 
  and this is the story of how facebook likes were adopted as greek 's new currency . 
  yes , there is no real difference between an astronomically high price and a refusal to sell . 
  the truth is that the greek government has destroyed the goodwill both of the negotiators and the european people they represent . 
  the oxi has been interpreted , at least partly correctly , as a slap in the face to the ( northern , eastern ) european taxpayers . 
  if there was a referendum , they would answer with a no as well , a sort of ` fuck you , too ' . 
  now that they 've come back after saying ` not good enough ' to the best offer they could get , it is as if the european are responding : `` i 'll show you what not good enough is '' . 
  politics should make an effort to be more entertaining . 
  this thing just drags on and on . 
  it would have been pretty cool if schauble had told tzipras to shove his offer up his ass . 
  or the opposite . 
  anything is better than this passive-aggressive waiting game . 
  and here 's another pissy comment , and there 's an old reproach , and here 's a referendum , and there 's a resignation ... please , this is not how you entertain the masses . 
  c - , barely trying , not worth a voting bulletin . 
  if armies can not cross borders , bailouts will ? 
  greece has already crossed many red lines and is way past deadline . 
  the problem with brinkmanship is that at some point , doors must close . 
  that deal should n't even be on the table , i call that generous . 
  else , greeks know where the door is . 
  looks like they 're already preparing for the next round of reproaches , in 3 years when , surprise , the greeks `` ca n't '' repay their debt again . 
  `` oh , it 's so humiliating to have to ask for money ... germans should just hand it over no questions asked . 
  woe is me , if only they had given me even more 3 years ago , i would n't be in this awkward position now . '', 
  i understand the anger of the average german , and fin , and latvian when he 's being constantly lectured by arrogant , over-privileged , bankrupt folk who are dependent on his help . 
  end this charade , we would n't want to `` humiliate '' or force a `` carthaginian peace '' onto such a proud , sensitive people . 
  and now you give up . 
  pathetic, 
   protip : this makes you the racist . 
  again , assuming what you should prove . 
   not liking the german government 's proscriptions and positions in this and railing against it as it destroys your country is a little bit different from publishing cartoons that are made to resemble anti-semitic propaganda with a different target . 
  not liking the greece governments position and demands as it asks for yet more money is a little different from publishing cartoons that present the germans as nazis who want to make glue out of greeks . 
  and i think it was even published in a syriza newspaper . 
  otoh , the caricature you object to has nothing to do with the eu negotiating team . 
  as to the anti-semitic propaganda , i do n't see the connection , except that this is a caricature , and they were caricatures . 
  maybe you 're not familiar with caricatures as done here , being an american who apparently rarely confronts disagreement . 
  most caricatures are not particularly flattering to the caricatured person/group . 
  it 's easy to imagine that this guy , in a different context , could be a german tourist in mallorca ( they have a bad reputation there : beer-drinking , rude , fat , slobbish , etc ) . 
  i do n't see the resemblance between the caricatured greek and the stereotypical caricatured jew . 
   pointing out your logical fallacies is doing just that calling me deluded , racist , in denial , projecting , in place of an argument is not pointing out a logical fallacy , it 's commiting one , as i just said . 
  but i guess `` you too '' is all you can muster at this point . 
   those blinders must be on tight , then . 
  huh-huh . 
  are you doing it on purpose ? 
  blinders are the only reason why anyone would disagree . 
  i have blinders , you have blinders . 
  why are we even discussing things ? 
   also , that false equivalence . 
  this is the part where you 're supposed to explain what 's different . 
   you realize you 're doing the very thing you accuse me of , right ? 
  i 'm accusing you of violating the rules of good faith arguing constantly .
