   and our enemies who ? 
   with astonishment asked the president . 
   therefore , be our enemies and friends alike honorable . 
  and if at all seriously , the enemies i have already mentioned . 
   to ukraine was no war should be carried out in minsk agreement my favourite has to be this double negative though :  just to ensure that no one had no desire to fight with russia . 
  oh , god . 
  i 'm pretty sure the translator lied on his application form . 
  putin said something , that much is certain . 
   the literalists , those who take it word for word ignoring the historical context , are actually a minority but they get the most attention . 
  who would you consider the majority then ? 
  it 's not sufis , that 's for sure . 
  yes , some are even more literal than others . 
  the problem is that even those that are n't super-literal are still extremely reactionary by the standards of a liberal democracy ( the major schools of islamic thought all support death for apostasy , etc ) . 
  i disagree ... first . 
   also the artillery stinks . 
  i never ever build it in medieval ii . 
  slows down your army way more than the turn it takes to build the rams and stuff . 
  i never got the point of the siege battles in castles and towns . 
  when i 'm attacking , the auto-fight ai frequently does a better job than me . 
  in the end , there 's always a big melee in the town square , and i end up losing my high-end troops vs militias because they can `` t flee . 
  i find it very complex and cunning of me to attack the infantry from behing with my overwhelming cavalry once they 've made contact with my thin infantry line . 
  once they start fleeing , again i might choose not to pursue them , but i do . 
  truly the mark of a great general . 
  again , they would n't need to nuke anything , having the threat in the background is sufficient to stop russia 's bullshit . 
  does the phrase `` speak softly and carry a big stick '' mean anything to you ? 
  huh , what ? 
   they would never , ever use nuclear weapons over anything short of a full-scale , declared war with russia . 
  you do n't need to * use * them to use them , if you know what i mean . 
  right now , russia does n't care if ukraine declares full scale war ( which they would probably be justified in doing ) . 
  they would care if ukraine had nukes . 
  tthe commenter above is correct , russia 's shenanigans would n't have happened if ukraine had nukes . 
  i guess i 'll give you this one . 
  it 's hard to argue when there 's so much blood . 
  each of us certainly sees this through the prism of our own county 's narrative , but i do n't think it 's as clear-cut as you make it out to be . 
  for instance , the poles loved his rule , many liberals in other countries loved his rule , and frankly most of his adversaries were absolutist jerks . 
  i know that the spaniards and germans presented it as this nationalistic struggle against a foreign oppressor ( which it was to some degree ) , but they forgot about the ideological conflict behind it ( which happens to coincide with the aforementioned jerks ' interests ) . 
  simply put , the german soldiers were defending absolutism while they thought they were defending germany . 
  yeah it might have broken up once good ol nappo was n't there , but somehow i think that without the massive military defeat and enemy troops enforcing an absolutist regime after waterloo or leipzig , the entire empire had a good chance of turning into a constitutional monarchy/soft republic type of deal , given the legacy of the french revolution , and napoleon 's enlightened tendencies . 
  france itself went through those pretty quickly and never looked back . 
  why would it have been terrible for the rest of the world ? 
  the napoleonic empire was pretty liberal , far more so than what came after it . 
  with all the absolutist nationalistic kings and kaisers gone , we might have skipped ww1 ... although it probably would have resulted in a big showdown with the anglos eventually . 
  ehhh , we can dream , maybe their systems were similar enough to live in peace for ever and ever the end . 
  must be in the planes, 
  this style does make some sense at some level . 
  clearly a politician only has a limited amount of political capital , and he ca n't push through all his ideas against popular opinion . 
  so let 's say merkel is secretly slightly pro-nuclear , so when the mood is slightly anti-nuclear , she can afford to hold on , but when it turns to very anti ( after fukushima ) , she ca n't take the heat and has to fold . 
  `` fuck reciprocal altruism , from now on the only the free money we 're accepting comes from people who never consider their own self-interest ! '', 
  the difference between a hippy and a progressive . 
  kinda weird that the most hysterical and the most laid-back political group are so close ideologically . 
  the progressives are the overreacting angsty teenage sons of the hippies . 
  hey , talleyrand is pretty cool . 
  really should be a reddit hero given his atheist bishop credentials , cynicism and skill . 
  your rock bottom is a luxurious paradise to 98 % of the humans who ever lived . 
  talking like someone who lost at blame game . 
  yes . 
  one 's mental status is far more enmeshed with one 's sensory perceptions and their interpretation than one usually realizes . 
  when you 're late for work and it snows , it feels as though the universe is conspiring against you and you do n't even see the nice building you pass everyday , while if you 're a tourist you may see the snow as heightening the building 's picturesque beauty . 
  in the end , it 's an illusion both ways , but that does n't stop it from having real effects . 
  i 'm sorry to report that we frenchmen put our pants on one leg at a time , the light can shine just as coldly over daily routine and things occasionnally get dull ( though never as much as in england !, 
  my parents are mixed , i grew up in france . 
  so it 's spain who does n't accept another nationality ? 
  i do n't know , dereliction of duty , no longer welcome in the country , something like that . 
  i 'm a little hazy on the subject , but that what the law seemed to say ( whether or not they would have gone through with it is another question ) . 
  what is your other nationality ? 
  i was living in germany at the time , so if i had refused they 'd have taken my nationality , and kicked me out permanently i think . 
  yes it is . 
  the germans tried to draft me for 6 or 9 months , but i managed to hold them off by being in college and telling them i 'd already done it in france ( which is one day ) . 
  then they abolished it , flawless victory . 
  1 germany : i like the combination of the no-nonsense attitude and a certain warmth in interpersonal relationships . 
  also i speak the language and have the nationality . 
  2 us : if i can get in . 
  it does have an obvious romantic appeal . 
  all the culture we 've absorbed , especially movies , have worked on me . 
  the american dream , the open road , all that jazz . 
  even politically , i 'm closer to the ideals of american society than european , which i consider too collectivist in outlook . 
  3 netherlands : cool , laid-back people of merchants and artists . 
  mix of germans and anglos looks good to me . 
  4 and beyond . 
  canada , australia , eastern europe , japan , china , india . 
  if i need a total change of scenery and a clean break . 
  awww . 
  you 're tolerable too . 
  are we doomed lovers now ? 
  hush , or you will be the one excommunicated by your friends , for i am a massive shitlord , and not just on feminism . 
  else , i disagree on everything you said on feminism , but i shall let it rest for once as a tribute to peace , love and understanding . 
   i mean , a lot of feminists will say ` x ' is not a feminist when confronted with a radical and yet if i say ` x ' is not a real feminist , i will get bombarded with `` dae this is a no true scotsman fallacy ?? '', 
  except those feminists claim to be feminists . 
  the fallacy is not intended for people who do n't live in scotsland and never claimed to be scotsmen . 
   very transitory accusation you 're making . 
  how many x people died because y ideology led to a neglect of a z subject ? 
  damned human rights activists are literally hitler for causing so many starving people to be ignored because we were too busy feeding starving animals . 
  feminists explicitly denied wava funding to men 's shelters , and women 's shelters who accepted men . 
  feminists lobby against the inclusion of female-on-male rape in stats and law . 
  feminists still claim women have an education deficit , and lobby for ever-greater supremacy even though education stats say the other sex is worse off . 
  so for your analogy , feminists are still feeding the fat goose when the starving duck is begging for some crumbs of the common produce . 
   there is a well-supported general sociological observation that men tend to be more well-off under the current status quo than women . 
  this is something that anyone from the scholarly , academic consensus agrees on to the very current president of the us , who also agrees that this is an issue . 
  we have groups that are considered advantaged and some that are disadvantaged . 
  yes , i disagree with authorities ... who 's the anti-authoritarian now ?
