   yes , not all blacks are disadvantaged and not all whites are advantaged do n't change the subject to race . 
   let me make a wild guess , you 're probably a white male , eh ? 
  so are you , but i do n't want to play this progressivism game , cause then you 'll say you 're gay , and i 'll retort that my butler was mean to me as a child , and you 'll retort you have psychological problems , and i 'll retort that i have uncurable eczema , and the truth at hand will drift farther and farther away . 
   so am i perhaps , but it 's not coincidental that those who have the most advantages are the ones who are most often against societal change . 
  this principle , taken to its conclusion , makes discussion redundant , and action the only way out . 
  and since we 're talking death counts , literally hitler , and `` but progressivism never did anything wrong '' , i think pol pot 's application of this principle to justify genocide of city-dwellers deserves an honourable mention . 
  i abhor it and value discussion , but why are * you * here ? 
  all you will hear is my privilege talking , so you might as well ignore or even censor me ; progressivism 's opposition to freedom of speech makes perfect sense . 
  elliot rodger was n't an mra by any means , and he was n't even a redpiller . 
   problem with the whole ` lenses ' argument and the ` sjws are as bad as far-right ' is the difference in the actual effects . 
  sjws are a non-issue outside of internet , really , how many people have their lives ruined by them ? 
  i just told you i do n't care about sjws , i care about feminists . 
  how many more men died because feminists ignored and belittled the plight of men and sucked off all the empathy and the resources with their slanderous one-way theories to give them exclusively to women ? 
  if getting dv shelters is so important to the lives of women , why are there almost no male shelters ? 
  if getting an education is so important to women , why is n't there an outcry and a counter-program that men only get 40 % of college degrees ? 
   sometimes the progressivism on this site is skin-deep , it 's progressive when it comes time to criticise putin , but reactionary when it comes time to be honest with oneself and criticise your own situation . 
  why are you telling me this ? 
  i do not respect progressivism , i respect the ideals of the enlightenment ( individualism , rationality , equality before the law , freedom of speech ) , and i believe progressivism/pc to be an enemy to them . 
  i do not want a progressive medal , and you ca n't excommunicate me from this small-minded cult i want no part in . 
  i do n't know why you 're complaining about the term sjw . 
  my problem with it , and the term `` radical feminists '' ( as used by critics ) , is that it lets regular feminists off the hook . 
  the truth is , the radicals are but a symptom of how flawed feminism itself is , a sort of living reductio ad absurdem of feminism . 
  if you 're not a black lesbian trans * mentally divergent person of kin who uses all the right words and supports all the right causes , your opinion is invalid , and your problems an insult to decency . 
  this is just taking the concept of privilege , and feminism 's tendency to dismiss men 's pov , to its logical conclusion . 
  as for reddit , it 's not as clearcut , they are critical of certain apects of feminism , but they do not usually cross the line into outright anti-feminism as i did here . 
  the standard conversation goes like this : `` feminism says this '' * mildly upvoted * `` but sjw bad '' * upvoted * `` but other feminism good '' * mildly upvoted * `` no , feminism bad '' * downvoted * `` mras as bad as sjws '' * upvoted * -- what looks like reactionary lunatic nazism to you is far too tame for me . 
  we all have our own lenses , do n't we ? 
  i do n't know , swedish feminists complained about men taking up too much space on busses , calling it a `` normalized expression of power '' and the feminist party wants a man tax . 
  yeah but mostly liberals and libertarians , and those have a critical view of us foreign policy and over-the-top american patriotism . 
  as i frequently criticize feminists for focussing too much on `` microaggressions '' and the sexism of evil nerds and not enough on cases and places where women 's rights are truly trampled on , i have to give her credit for her principled stand . 
  at some point , we have to decide if we take our morals seriously , whether we call them `` human rights '' or `` the greatest happiness for the greater number of people '' . 
  whatever we call it , sa does n't have a political system conductive to that . 
  i feel offended when our politicians claim we have a close , friendly relationship with that sort of country . 
  not only do their oppress their population , but they , directly and indirectly , support our enemies and encourage hatred of our countries , our way of life , our people ( the fact that this derives from their religion is no excuse and does n't change the outcome ) . 
  any relationship we have with them needs to be to our certain benefit . 
  if they profit too , so be it . 
  but in this case , they decided to threaten a boycott and recall their ambassadors over some truthful comments . 
  this breakdown , over words , is entirely their doing . 
  the `` friend '' requires us to keep silent about his abuses to have the privilege to commerce with it . 
  just like he required us to censor our cartoons , our newspapers . 
  so we are getting the worse end of the bargain , and we do n't need a friend like that . 
  one is more , the other is less . 
  but sometimes less is more , and more is less . 
  in conclusion the right amount of details eludes us . 
  oh come on now , i 'm tired of this pessimism , we 're doing even better than the african union . 
  the minister of the interior just released new figures . 
  the fn came in third in votes , with 25 % , after main right ( 36 % ) and main left ( 28 % ) party . 
  had to scroll all the way down for my childhood sweetheart . 
  tfw monsters want to join your army . 
  given all the eu iv love itt , i 'll do my hipster and submit imperialism ii , a glorious predecessor ( and far better , you plebs ) . 
  why ? 
  they 're the european central bank , responsible for the monetary policy of hundreds of millions of relatively well-off people , they can work in a nice building . 
  are they supposed to eat soup and live in tents as long as a single european is worse off ? 
  should we stop paying politicians and government employees becuase it 's very bad and problematic that they 're better off than some of the people they serve ? 
  now i do n't know what to believe . 
  it 's the paradox of the honest liar . 
  you have to be a level above your run-of-the-mill `` great powers '' ( france , gb ) in diplomatic , economic and military power . 
  you have to be able to project that power anywhere in the world and not just to your neighbours . 
  in history , only the old british empire , the us and the ussr were said to be superpowers . 
  modern russia does n't qualify . 
  the honk kong interior design business school . 
  this is meaningless if you do n't compare it to some other society . 
  germans are not more collectivist than the french or the danes . 
  more than the us and gb , but less than most of the rest of the world . 
  if isis is the face of the downtrodden , we 're not trodding enough . 
  as for this planet being god-forsaken , if only ... we may be through with god , but god is not through with us . 
  they 're not peasants , they do n't think they 're peasants , they think they 're warriors . 
  they want to live off other people 's riches , be they enemies ( kill , then steal ) or subdued ( protection money ) , like the mafia , like their prophet . 
  you should go to raqqa and expand on your very convincing argument so they can understand what they really think . 
  disagree . 
  do n't say it 's worse no doubt if you `` do n't really like comparing despicable acts '' . 
  if the numbers are correct ( and the arab slave trade is considerably less studied ) , it would mean the european was more intensive and ephemeral , the arab was more of a grind , an ever-present horrific institution in the background which no one thought to correct over more than a millenia . 
  hard to tell which is worse . 
  so the glass is and will always be half full ? 
  ah , the good ole days when we produced our own chairs , clothes and needles on our idyllic farm under the setting sun . 
  no , they were n't significantly worse . 
  the arab slave trade was just as bad , and the numbers are the same/comparable ( ~ 15 million ) . 
  note that this number does n't include the millions enslaved by the dehli sultanate and the mughals . 
  what is this ? 
  a tax rate for bums ? 
  i 'll eat my currywurst without mayonnaise just for you , liebchen . 
  we are bros compared to almost anyone else , based on shared values , culture and interests . 
  our `` friendship circles '' go roughly like this : - immediate neighbours - other europeans - west ( including usa , canada , etc ) - friendly developing countries ( south america ) - neutral developing countries ( china ) - hostile non-west countries ( russia ) - enemy non-west countries ( north korea , isis ), 
  the adult women ( who pechtold calls `` indoctrinated girls '' ) who go there have made their bed . 
  kids are a different story . 
  but practically , it 's hard to take kids away from their parents . 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing that dutch children on their own should be turned away at the border . 
  oh , you 're one of those people . 
  racist , huh ? 
  i must have said something against islam . 
   among the severe and long-lasting detrimental effects of institutionalized discrimination on affected populations are increased suicide rates , suppressed attainment of wealth and decreased access to health care . 
  two out of three seem to primarily affect men , so there goes your point . 
   of course women are capable of competing . 
  we 'll never know , because now they wo n't need to . 
  i want quotas for everything . 
  male quotas for anything female dominated . 
  red-haired quotas for anything dark-hair dominated . 
  short people quotas for ... etc. 
  everyone just gets a ticket at birth , and his place in society is assigned based on the quotas we need to have . 
   but there are also indoctrinated girls with them .
