  the far left and the far right do n't like the eu and euro for partly opposite reasons ( `` too neoliberal '' - `` too soviet-like '' ) . 
  they are also bound by the sacred ties of anti- `` system '' brotherhood and putin money . 
   the shootings do not confirm the intolerants ' worldview , not at all . 
  you are denying reality . 
  if islamic terrorism was n't happening , your position would be clearly strengthened . 
  if some guy who fights against antisemitism discovers that some jews eat christian babies , his position would be weakened . 
  the guy who dislikes jews would feel strengthened . 
   it is a difficult , yet constructive dialogue . 
  i just do n't think mild ( you say it 's ` difficult ' , yet your side is not the one who criticizes islam harshly , you sugarcoat its faults ) dialogue has any chance of succeeding against a religion with a serious and active `` death clause '' for criticizing it and exiting it . 
   and why would their words not be their actual legit opinion , rather than a politically correct cover to hide their true motives , like the author depicts it ? 
  because it makes no sense . 
  why would a satirical magazine , whose entire thing is irreverence , declare that one type of caricature is now off-limits ? 
   they will also know that the surviving cartoonists refused to be used as a tool for this spread of hate and did everything they could to counter those opportunists . 
   what the authors tries to demonstrate as a surrender to terrorist violence is really their courageous refusal to give in to the induced polarization whose only benefactors are islamic and european extremists . 
  they are ` opportunists ' because the shootings confirm their worldview and weaken their opponents ' . 
  so they naturally say ` we told you so ' , as any group would . 
  the more terrorist attacks there are , the more it validates what the pc side calls `` islamophobia '' , fear and distrust of islam . 
  if there were no terrorist attacks , no isis , no boko haram , etc , it would be far easier to present the `` islamophobe '' as `` someone afflicted with an irrational fear '' . 
  but the pc side somehow take * the fact that terrorism helps right-wing arguments * as a reason to dismiss them . 
  basically , they take evidence the wrong way : where a rational person may look at the evidence and then decide his position , they assume their position is correct and then evaluate the evidence . 
  that 's how you get those bizarre `` right-wingers and terrorists are on the same side '' theories . 
  this is not a criticism of ch 's staff , who have behaved more admirably than most . 
  the article is rather kind to them , and criticizes the rest of the media more . 
  it is a failure for all of us that the terrorists have effectively silenced everyone . 
  this is more important than a balls-measuring contest . 
  this is not the topic to segue into your petty internet fights about a mosque in romania . 
  he 's incapable of stating his opinion without assuming those who disagree are morons . 
  he 's got a nobel prize , i can understand how that makes one arrogant , whatever , fine . 
  the problem is , his attitude trickles down to his lowly followers , and they shit up my comment sections with their circlejerky ` austerity soo stoopid ' comments . 
   how are slavery or geocentrism ( !! ), 
  the fault of revolutonaries ? 
  i meant , those values and theories , now discredited , were thought to be correct by the zeitgeist . 
  just like the current zeitgeist does n't necessarily appreciate the right kind of movies . 
   but these gave people an understanding of what they were fighting for and they reminded them of the hope of freedom , till it finally became reality . 
  as patton said , you do n't win wars by dying for your country , but by making the other guy die for his . 
  a useless sacrifice is never heroic . 
   it was their choice , it 's not our place to say that they should have continued suffering something they clearly thought was insufferable enough to be worth their lives , instead of at least trying for something better . 
  i do n't think they thought their lives were completely insufferable and they made a rational choice in favour of death rather than subjugation . 
  i think they failed to do a `` comprehensive data analysis '' ( hehe , well spotted ) , got carried away by romantic ideals , and wasted their lives . 
   do understand your opinion - no offence , but it is n't exactly high philosophy . 
  it is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consequentialism  not many movies are made about the person who takes calculated risks based on comprehensive data analysis and never overplays their hand in the pursuit of higher values . 
  yeah , it 's a shame . 
  it tells us something about our values as a society , but it does n't tell us whether those values are correct or good . 
   i think this is the heart of the matter . 
  i just do n't think it 's foolish to revolt because i do n't think those who revolt ever truly lose - maybe the battle , but you need to engage in battle to win wars . 
  what matters is that they won . 
  often you lose the war , and you have nothing to show for it . 
  that 's the worst possible outcome . 
  you remember and romanticize the successfull rebellions , but history is littered with the wasted lives of the losing rebels , who were as often `` morally correct '' and `` responding to oppression '' as not . 
  do you remember any number of medieval peasant rebellions , or the taiping rebellion ( tens of millions of dead ) ? 
  what did those people die for ? 
  the american civil war was a rebellion , yet it was n't morally pure or responding to ` oppression ' in the classical sense . 
   i happen to know for a fact that your opinion is not generally popular in northern europe either . 
  i 'm not sure you understand what my opinion even is . 
  to be fair , i have n't expressed myself very clearly . 
  in any case , popularity is irrelevant . 
   and the allies were n't fighting against oppression - both their own and of others ? 
  de facto they were fighting against oppression , but they were n't rebelling against it . 
  if they had been evil and did n't care about morality , they would have fought just the same . 
  they had excellent chances of winning ( compare the industrial production of axis vs allies , for instance ) , so the fight was not foolish , like the village revolting against nazis in the first analogy . 
  i think we 're talking past each other , and we 're getting further and further away from the initial question . 
  but whatever , it 's entertaining to me . 
   maybe there really is a difference in outlook then between northern europe and greece do n't interpret too much from what i say , i speak only for myself , and i like playing devil 's advocate . 
  it is true that i am not very sympathetic to revolutionary ideologies from the left or right . 
   in fact i 'm a bit confused as to what you think did stop him , if not people fighting to not be oppressed the allies , obviously - us , ussr , england . 
  iow , an external enemy . 
   ots of other countries owe their independence to revolutionaries precisely of the type you seem to think are non-existent i do n't think they 're nonexistent . 
  i just question the fact that they are automatically legitimate and correct . 
  if they lose and achieve nothing , they are not correct . 
  and it 's not true that oppression is always followed by rebellion , or that a rebellion is proof of oppression . 
   you 're contradicting yourself . 
  ho\u00e0w ? 
   well , yes , that 's why it 's the slogan you adopt when things have gotten so bad , you have no other choice . 
  people do n't usually revolt because they have no other choice , or because oppression has gotten too bad . 
  that 's a very `` just world fallacy '' way of looking at the world and history . 
  `` you oppress people , they revolt , you get toppled '' . 
  if only . 
  stalin , pol pot and hitler did n't get topped by internal revolts , even though they oppressed their populations more than anyone else ever did . 
  no , the people who get toppled are guys like louis xvi , who have qualms about ordering the guard to shoot at the people . 
   if a rebellion had a good chance of succeeding before you started it , then it would n't be necessary in the first place . 
  i do n't see the logic . 
  some rebellions are far more likely to succeed than others . 
  some rebellions are wholly unnecessary , based on false ideals or false religions . 
   that 's why `` freedom or death '' is such a popular motto for revolutions everywhere : you have to be desperate enough to prefer destruction to subjugation . 
  it 's dumb slogan , really . 
  it 's fake , not true , propaganda meant to give people and oneself courage . 
  hardly anyone chooses death over subjugation . 
  millions of people throughout history were ** slaves ** , and the overwhelming majority chose that subjugation and not death . 
  and that fate ( slavery ) was worse than whatever those revolutionaries would have gotten . 
  i did n't say one should n't fight against nazis in general . 
  next comment , i said one * should * fight against nazis . 
  but if your rebellion has had no effect apart from destroying you , it is not a good rebellion , it is a foolish mistake . 
  p\u00e9tain did nothing wrong !, 
  / s no , it 's just that consequences are more important than intentions imo . 
  petain helped the germans far more than was necessary for the survival of the french . 
  after all , the danes saved their jews at no cost to them ( was it the danes ? ) . 
  i consider is entirely morally correct to rebel against the nazi state on a personal level , both as a german and a frenchman . 
  sabotage production , kill a soldier here and there , spy , help jews , whatever harms the german war effort is good . 
  but you have to do it smartly , not `` oh well , who cares if we survive or change anything , at least we tried '' .
