  well , there 's something to be said about that reasoning . 
  let 's assume the troika is actually evil ( abusive ) , which i do n't buy , but let 's roll with it . 
  if you 're a country or village who revolts against nazis , and you get completely crushed and your people annihilated , at no cost to the nazis , was it the correct choice ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's a mistake , including from a moral pov , and no matter how correct or `` good-idealistic '' your reasons are . 
  there 's nothing more foolish and more destructive than a failed rebellion . 
  you changed nothing , and people died . 
  you might as well have shot them yourself . 
  good leadership is about knowing when to fight and when to fold . 
  `` i threaten you if you ever get in a position where i ca n't threaten you , i will ... threaten you ... threat ... if you ... do n't ... you ... threat ... argggg . '', 
  norway 's should be at - 40 or something . 
  they got nearly a trillion dollar oil money fund . 
  let 's say 5 % return , that 's 50 billion pa . 
  norway 's state budget is 120 billion dollars . 
  they can pay for almost half the state budget just from interest if they wanted to . 
  they got 200,000 dollars per person stashed up in oil money . 
  i do n't know what i 'm trying to say . 
  i wish i was norwegian ? 
  yeah , that must be it . 
  you pioneered the anti-prostitution laws where prostitutes are irresponsible victims and johns are evil exploiters , the use of new unsexed pronouns , and a very liberal definition of rape ( who is at least partly responsible for the super-high rape rate in sweden ) . 
  a bizarre one is that a woman in sweden has a right to be interrogated by a woman in court . 
  but it 's not just your country , true . 
  norway , followed by france , has introduced a 40 % affirmative action quota on publicly traded company boards . 
  perhaps the most outrageous is the british feminists call for closing women 's prisons . 
  i 'd say the most radical feminist ideas come from the us , but due to its tradition of a relatively small , laissez-faire state compared to europe , plus the presence of a large religious anti-progressive population , it 's europe who ends up actually implementing them . 
  great leader proclaimed a whopping 10 % reduction in bullets to the neck this year alone . 
  he saved the lives of thousands . 
  we do n't take kindly to rogue decapitations here . 
  we really failed to integrate these people . 
  you 're french , use a guillotine . 
  well , fuck you for asking questions then . 
  / s it 's hard to disentangle `` vanity '' or `` cleanliness '' from religious reasons . 
  if you ask some people in africa , i 'm sure a big part will also say fgm is `` cleaner '' . 
  circumcision got popular in the us as an anti-masturbatory cure . 
  it was supposed to reduce sexual pleasure , just like fgm . 
  sexual pleasure is `` dirty '' on some level in the view of abrahamic religions . 
   apart from judaism and african tribes what other religions circumcise ? 
  honest question if anyone knows . 
  is that sarcasm ? 
  islam does . 
  i got ta come out of the closet : i do n't think it makes much difference what currency a country uses . 
  same thing for balance of trade . 
  totally irrelevant . 
  economies can fail and succeed , regardless of what their currency is , what their balance of trade is . 
  the emperor has no clothes , it 's a red herring . 
  i 'm a denier . 
  so do what you want : kick germany , kick greece , kick the vatican , wo n't change a goddamn thing for any of them . 
  why does this fabricated narrative exist ? 
  it flatters economists because it means there is an important way with which to influence an economy . 
  it would mean the government has the power to solve lots of problems with one stroke . 
  unfortunately , the world rarely works like that . 
  there are some similarities to left-wing thinking . 
  the balance of trade argument seems to echo neocolonialism , where countries exploit others by trading with them . 
  there are loud calls for redistribution followed by an assurance that a unified currency is n't possible without an obligatory hard-left turn . 
  how convenient . 
  in any case , count me out . 
  guy charges entire army , gets disemboweled . 
   let 's leave the statistics to people whose job it is to actually make use of them . 
  while i agree with the rest in a general `` let 's be careful about jumping to conclusions based on statistics '' way , this goes too far . 
  you do n't need to be a statistician to interpret or discuss statistics . 
  usually , the person who is most knowledgeable about statistics is able to explain what 's wrong with a misused statistics . 
  let 's not throw the baby out with the bathwater , let 's not ban language for fear of lies . 
  why is this commie apologist line accepted ... capitalism is a state where every child gets a ferrari , and champagne flows out of the tap . 
  we have n't achieved true capitalism , all the criticism of capitalism misses the point . 
  also means bribe in french . 
  paid for by the european taxpayer . 
  europe sends them money , so that maybe they can get some primitive infrastructure going , you come back less than 2000 years later , and the place is literally falling apart . 
  i am not entertained by his grace 's goody-two-shoes antics . 
  the options are there , declare that god is dead , marry a prostitute , call for a crusade , whatever . 
  probably because it would have meant that all the states who were likely to default would have had their rates go up . 
  as much as i do n't like the catholic church i dislike the current pope even more . 
  at least with the old ones you knew where they stood . 
  looks like this one is doing pr 24/7 . 
  he 's not going to bulge on anything substantial , but for every crisis no matter how irrelevant to his field of `` competence '' , he 's going to give a mild , popular , feel-good , argument-from-middle-ground opinion . 
  this spineless ceo of church , incorporated said `` you can not make fun of faith , but killing in the name of god is an aberration '' after the charlie hebdo murders . 
  well , that 's obvious , innit ? 
  the deal tzipras accepted is worse than the one greeks voted ` no ' to . 
  they could have easily accepted it instead of calling for a referendum that ruined the creditor 's goodwill . 
  that 's a straightforward , undeniable , and massive fuck-up . 
  why everyone still treats varoufakis like a golden boy is a mistery to me . 
  he 's good at pr , i 'll give him that . 
  he had redditors at `` wears no tie at meeting '' . 
  at some floor on the pyramid of power , who you are is less important than what you are . 
  being an absolute king , you have blood on your hands by default . 
  the buck stopped with him , his head popped in the bin . 
  it 's a secret peg . 
  wake up , sheeple !, 
  i 'd love to hear it . 
  in the meantime , i 'll reserve my trust for the guy who is n't constantly presenting the other side as hopelessly evil , stupid and corrupt . 
  it was what v did from day one . 
  it 's hard not to connect that to his proclaimed ideology . 
   your strawman is lame , like saying the other kid smells like pee . 
  no , it 's a clever reversal of varoufakis 's strawman . 
  you realize this thing you hold up as the truth is v 's version of events ? 
  he 's not going to say that his economic views were laughed out of the room , or anything else that make him look bad . 
  he does n't even pretend to give schauble 's side , his actions are just based on presumably , s being both nefarious and wrong . 
  v is a petulant child . 
  he probably torpedoed the negotiations 5 sentences in , when everyone was n't listening religiously to his lecture on modern capitalism . 
  hehe , i salute you . 
  it 's weird how everyone takes varoufakis at his word .
