  oh noooo , not the dear little girlies !, 
  would someone please think of the poor murderin ' wimmin ' ? 
  ** world leader ** in electricity exports , thank you very much . 
  eu energy savior ? 
  been there , done that . 
   as have capitalists , that tends to be the overlying affect of wars unfortunately and is n't confined to one ideology . 
  that 's true , but it proves their ideology was n't better in that regard . 
   i 'm speaking in terms of economic productivity which greatly increased despite the war . 
  that 's not unusual , people get motivated during war . 
  and the experiment lasted less than a year before they started killing each other . 
   communism in spain failed due to the civil war . 
  the very fact that it was such a success in that environment speaks volumes for its potential . 
  does every ( losing ) participant in a civil war prove that its ideology has `` great potential '' ? 
  also , they killed thousands of civilians . 
   did n't know that a major province in a developed western nation could be seen as remote . 
  which one are you even talking about ? 
  they 're so obscure that they 're interchangeable . 
  based on those kind of examples , `` communism '' seems to historically last mere months , and can not function outside of a civil war of some kind . 
   the current actions undertaken by the kurdistan government . 
  want me to keep on going ? 
  yes . 
  after the obscure past , we 've now reached the immediate present . 
  you will now find good examples in the utopian future . 
  please do . 
  how much more obscure and limited in geographic scale and time can your examples get ? 
  your grandma and her friends during their hippy phase on a farm ? 
  some village cited in a recently discovered manuscript in the 14th century in poland ? 
  stalin , no . 
  the entire war , but especially the extremely bloody eastern front , is squarely on hitler 's shoulders . 
  stalin is responsible for some other millions ( holodomor etc ) , but they are n't counted in those 50 . 
  japan , kinda , but they probably would have slowed down the chinese-killing if they were n't backed by the alliance with germany . 
  do n't lecture the germans on anti-smoking laws , they were the first in the world to implement them , under their charismatic leader . 
  a decade later , 50 million people were dead . 
   if he will get convicted then it 's up to germans to question their authorities if they wish so . 
  or maybe they actually will agree it was distasteful . 
  what is it with you and those boring clich\u00e9s that do n't add anything ? 
  yes , either he will be condemned , or he won `` t. maybe the germans will agree , or not . 
  if they do , they can protest . 
  or not . 
  if they do , they might change the law . 
  or not . 
  who knows . 
  agree to disagree . 
  or not . 
   those definitions are vague as fuck . 
  and are not legal definitions . 
  neither is yours ` criticize `` in a respectful manner '' ... you can wipe out entire opposing ideologies through that loophole . 
   they violate imaginary purist form of freedom of speech , where you can say whatever you want in every possible , even insulting manner , yes . 
  yes , now you 're getting it . 
  think of freedom of speech as a scale , with on one side totalitarian levels of censorships and on the other the `` purist '' anything goes free speech attitude , and in between less and less restrictions ( on insults , on insulting heads of state , hate speech , holocaust denial , etc ) . 
   there are some rules regarding freedom of speech and you either have to accept that or gain political support to change that if you feel suppressed . 
  some european countries have more restrictions on fs , others less . 
  the us has less , canada more , etc. 
  and , well , i support more free speech , not less . 
  so , shoot me . 
  and this incident is not going in the right direction . 
   many countries have restriction on freedom of speech for ages . 
  some countries forbid spreading nazi or communism ideologies . 
  some countries have blasphemy laws and other protect head of countries from some forms of jokes and satire . 
  it was like that for many years . 
  yeah , and ? 
  it 's still a violation of free speech , as he said . 
  free speech is a principle first , and a bunch of laws second . 
   free speech is understood in general as a possibility to criticize laws , entities , organizations , people in a respectful manner . 
  no , that 's the new orwellian pc re-definition from hell . 
  google says `` the right to express any opinions without censorship or restraint . '', 
  wiktionary `` the right of citizens to speak , or otherwise communicate , without fear of harm or prosecution . '', 
  and they are violated in this case . 
   he explained that he had ordered the report in early october in order to provide proof to `` dispel rumors about an increase in criminal acts in germany . '', 
  he 's literally ordering his own state apparatus to give him `` proof '' of whatever it is he wants to hear . 
  lo and behold , his employees did find exactly what he asked them to find . 
  what a coincidence . 
  i find such proof suspect . 
  i 'm not accusing them of outright lying , but it 's almost always possible to twist raw stats into a particular mold of interpretation . 
  edit : does anyone have that report ? 
  i want to read it . 
  it shows men were both more likely to be strongly anti- and strongly pro , with women more on the fence ( number of asylum seekers `` about right '' ) . 
  all it shows is that men have more defined opinions , while women are more moderate . 
  usually , women are less into politics . 
  isis is not bombing turkey , it 's bombing western tourists . 
  this bombing does not require a betrayal or state of war betweeen isis and turkey . 
  for islamists , killing infidels is good in itself , plus tourists are seen as having a corrupting influence ( just like western culture in general ) on the muslim population . 
  it is therefore possible , for an islamist , to kill tourists in turkey for the good of turkey . 
  at most , they ( isis ) are rude for attacking their enemies ( westerners ) on the soil of a friend ( turkey ) . 
  isis is not bombing turkey , it 's bombing western tourists . 
  this bombing does not require a betrayal or state of war betweeen isis and turkey . 
  for islamists , killing infidels is good in itself , plus tourists are seen as having a corrupting influence ( just like western culture in general ) on the muslim population . 
  it is therefore possible , for an islamist , to kill tourists in turkey for the good of turkey . 
  at most , they ( isis ) are rude for attacking their enemies ( westerners ) on the soil of a friend ( turkey ) . 
   it 's also useless as a technological demonstration because any space technology we 'd go prove on the moon could just as easily be proven in earth orbit i do n't know anything , but this seems totally untrue . 
  say you want to go mine a planet , you 're going to need technology to put the solar panels on the surface , working vehicles , dig tunnels and shit . 
  the iss is nice , but it 's more like a recreational vehicle than a house . 
  and it never goes off the highway . 
  again , i do n't know what the real issues are ... but maybe we should find out if it 's better to dig our moonbase in , to be better protected against solar winds and meteorites and stuff , or just leave it at the surface , and find where the garden goes , and how we could expand the base , get a nuclear reactor , get a cement truck and excavator , start building macmoonsions ... 
  i think it 's easier to build a big house when your entire house is not also a spaceship . 
  and you have millions of tons of simple building/shielding material below your feet . 
   the largest demographic in this sub is rabidly anti-immigration somewhat anti-immigration  very nationalistic people not nationalistic at all : look where you are : a sub about europe in the english language : they joke about nationalism more than anything else . 
   are centrist or centre-left in economics , a group which is precisely where the fn 's appeal goes to . 
  the fn 's economic policies have little appeal to a centrist/liberal/libertarian type . 
  stop free trade , encourage affirmative action for natives : that 's not what your average middle class liberal wants to hear .
