  that 's your argument ? 
  you progressives are such spineless morally compromised morons . 
  progressiveness is like a fake smile to me , or sugar on a turd . 
  at first it may look good , but then you start to notice there 's something wrong with it , and finally you turn away in disgust . 
  yeah i do n't think `` islamophobia '' exists . 
  ideas are there to be criticized , especially religions as fucked up as islam . 
   that 's because christians are n't a minority and are the majority in power . 
  you determine which religion is bad by who 's the majority . 
  and you call my arguments stupid ? 
  you never heard of cultural relativism , multiculturalism ? 
  take the stanford encyclopedia on multiculturalism :  some of the most oppressive group norms and practices revolve around issues of gender and sexuality , and many feminist critics have highlighted the tensions between multiculturalism and feminism ( okin 1999 , shachar 2000 ) . 
  this is a genuine dilemma if one accepts both that group-differentiated rights for minority cultural groups are justifiable , as multicultural theorists do , and that gender equality is an important value , as feminists have emphasized . 
  extending special protections and accommodations to patriarchal cultural communities may help reinforce gender inequality within these communities . 
  examples include conflicts over polygamy , arranged marriage , the ban on headscarves in france , `` cultural defenses '' in criminal law , accommodating religious law or customary law within the dominant legal system , and self-government rights for indigenous communities that deny equality to women in certain respects ( deveaux 2006 , phillips 2007 , shachar 2001 , song 2007 ) . 
  well , for one thing , `` islamophobia '' is supposed to be an important progressive issue , similar to racism and sexism , while christianophobia is n't , at all ... even though imo , islam is * more * reactionary than christianity is . 
  plenty of left wing radicals are defending reactionary muslim practices , and condemning similar practices in reactionary christians . 
  if christian nutjobs were blowing themselves up left and right because western society is sinful , for some reason i do n't think they 'd get sociopolitical backing from those oh-so-enlightened progressives . 
  white nationalists and progressives are similar in that respect : what matters most to them is the colour of the perpetrator , not the act . 
  oh good , someone has a clear vision of the clusterfuck . 
  who do we support , exactly ? 
  not assad , isis ' main foe . 
  kill unrelated syrians ? 
  even geographically , your country looks like it tries too hard to fit into germany . 
  like sweden is really going to fight a war . 
  they could n't win a war against an amateur football club from one of their own `` diverse '' suburbs . 
  you ca n't win wars by only blaming yourself and denying the existence of evil . 
  as the last living swede would be unceremoniously shot , xir would still be asking xirself what sweden had done to xir killer to make him so hateful . 
  fuck them , my time is valuable . 
  why do n't they draft old people , they 're already competent at their jobs and they do n't enjoy life anymore ... 
  lucky for us , most are just degenerate parasites , and not pious muslims like al-baghdadi and ben laden . 
  they just want to stop immigration , and no other party supports that . 
  a majority of afd voters give `` refugees '' as the main reason . 
  they do n't give a shit about anything else the afd wants to do . 
  i think it 's a legitimate position , and they would easily go back to centrist parties if the others supported scaling back immigration ( as they have already started to do ) . 
  the crusades were nothing but a tiny copy of the millenium-long jihad waged by islam against the rest of humanity since its founding . 
  by that measure , it 's also easy to understand why someone would n't like arabs . 
  ever notice how arabs are not contained to the arabian peninsula ? 
  the arabs are arabs because the arabs wiped out non-arab cultures all around the mediterranean . 
  mostly by the sword , and also thanks to a little green book full of tips on how to be a good arab . 
  arab culture is the culture of some desert raider tribes of the 7th century who got a big head after they learned how to read the books of the actually civilized people they killed . 
  that 's funny , because every day i go to work and i hate , hate , hate it . 
  does n't matter what the job is , i tried a bunch . 
  one thing i do to cope with the pain is find new analogies . 
  work is like , selling the best part of your life to a stranger , selling your soul to the devil , selling your limited time to death , work is like slavery , a worker is like a crack whore ( with work the daily demeaning sex acts and consumerism the crack ) , work is like paid torture , etc. . . 
  anyone could spend that money . 
  if we stopped paying out retirement money , we could give it to someone else , and they could spend it just as well . 
  they 'd be happy to , i reckon . 
  do n't get me wrong , they earned and deserve that money ( or most of it , anyway ) . 
  but in purely financial/amoral terms , the rest of society and the state would profit from the retiree 's early demise . 
   they have in common the extreme cultivation of that human trait which allows us to dehumanize other human beings . 
  what they have in common is an ideology that encourages hate for , and ultimately welcomes the mass murder of , a group seen as the enemy ; for nazis it 's `` inferior races '' , for communists it 's `` the bourgeoisie '' , for islam it 's `` unbelievers '' . 
  in a court of law , in america . 
  which has absolutely nothing to do with this case , this subreddit , this discussion . 
   it is a lethal weapon and using one on another human is deadly force , it 's not really up for debate . 
  that is a legal definition of some specific country ( yours ) , it 's not up for debate because it has nothing to do with this debate , which is about whether one should shoot to kill as opposed to targeting less deadly spots . 
  your reasoning is completely illogical . 
  just because a bullet in the leg ** can ** kill , does n't mean you have to shoot in the head . 
  what is `` dumb '' about giving the shooted guy a chance to live ? 
  it is not the `` simple nature of the gun to kill '' , lol . 
  they can shoot in the air and nothing dies . 
  they can shoot fingers and people will not die . 
  they can shoot legs and people will rarely die . 
  or they can shoot hearts and brains and people will almost certainly die . 
  we 're starving to death over here while the states who crack down on those fat cat parasitic corporations quickly turn into paradise . 
   i mean , is anyone here really worried about being caught in an attack ? 
  yes , sure . 
  how can you even ask that ? 
  every time some `` conservative '' looking middle easterner enters a full bus or train compartment , there 's at least one person who has that thought . 
  it 's not terribly rational , but who can control his own feelings and random thoughts ? 
  do n't shame people for that . 
  there are literally thousands of people in europe right now who dream to slaughter others en masse , and they 'd do it with a smile on their face . 
  whichever way you look at it , that is not reassuring . 
  compared to ours , certainly . 
  or are you saying that the dutch have things like honor killings ? 
  lol . 
  yeah , if we just had better `` whole-family '' parenting our kids would beat the shit out of their kids !, 
  we can learn a lot from these hyper-violent tribalistic cultures . 
  whatever our differences with russia are , they look small compared to what isis is and does . 
  russian , frenchman , kenyan , indian , we 're all the same to them and their death cult . 
  and they 're right , we 're far more alike to each other than we are to them . 
  my condolences . 
  they do n't , the worst they have are some laws against the promotion of homosexuality , the act itself is legal . 
  the usual suspects of this attack on the other hand , do . 
  there was a lot of crap too . 
  i have never seen anyone defend the quality of eastern bloc automobiles . 
  ironic . 
  they could save widgets from decay , but not themselves . 
  would the ira really claim its own members , if they were killed by loyalists , or play the innocent civilians card ? 
  i do n't know , but some other terrorists groups are known to do this . 
  ira members were n't usually british military and police , that 's for sure . 
  so when you say loyalists killed civilians , there 's a lot of fake civilians in there . 
  edit : by the very nature of asymmetrical conflict , one side was in uniform and the other was n't . 
  it 's disingenuous to use this to declare the guerilla the good guys . 
  double godwin . 
  what 's your point ? 
  daesh are reasonable people , and we 've been unfairly picking on them ? 
  they 're at war with ab-so-lu-te-ly everyone around them ; the kurds and shia and alawis and yazidis and other sunni and iraqis and iranians and syrians and jordanians and lebanese . 
  their founding principle is : world conquest , by the sword . 
  all the stonings and burnings and slavery are just garnish to the main course ; jihad on everyone else . 
  so like you i 'm very sorry we did n't come to an understanding with those nice people and went down the path of war instead .
