  i doubt very much that they oppose all immigration or hate foreigners . 
  one day i 'll take a road trip to all of them , and i 'll invite some of you along for a piece of the ride . 
  all you need for a good road trip is some kind of goal . 
  it 's like that t-shirt says : every summer has its own story . 
  i 'm tired of that story being `` whatever looks good on my facebook/curriculum vitae and does n't take more than two weeks '' . 
  welp , i really need to sell a startup before next summer and be done with that annoying `` job '' thing . 
  aaaand now i hate my life , damn you . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's a hadith where muhammad single handedly-decapitates 700 jewish prisoners of war . 
  hmm , i wonder why a religion based on that man has trouble being accepted as a `` religion of peace '' . 
  here it is :  then they surrendered , and the apostle confined them in medina in the quarter of d. al-harith , a woman of b. al-najjar . 
  then the apostle went out to the market of medina ( which is still its market today ) and dug trenches in it . 
  then he sent for them and struck off their heads in those trenches as they were brought out to him in batches . 
  among them was the enemy of allah huyayy b. akhtab and kabb . 
  asad their chief . 
  there were 600 or 700 in all , though some put the figure as high as 800 or 900 . 
  as they were being taken out in batches to the apostle they asked ka ` b what he thought would be done with them . 
  he replied , ` will you never understand ? 
  do n't you see that the summoner never stops and those who are taken away do not return ? 
  by allah it is death ! ', 
  this went on until the apostle made an end of them . 
  huyayy was brought out wearing a flowered robe in which he had made holes about the size of the finger-tips in every part so that it should not be taken from him as spoil , with his hands bound to his neck by a rope . 
  when he saw the apostle he said , ` by god , i do not blame myself for opposing you , but he who forsakes god will be forsaken . ', 
  then he went to the men and said , ` god 's command is right . 
  a book and a decree , and massacre have been written against the sons of israel . ', 
  then he sat down and his head was struck off . 
  by ibn ishaq, 
   they were n't regularly burned in fires in christian ones either that occured really only during black death scare pogrom and accounted for around 300 people in total . 
  that 's definitely not true . 
  there were pogroms and deaths in the thousands at least , spanning centuries . 
  the stuff about jews in islam being hunky-dory is a lie too , though . 
   the almohads , who had taken control of the almoravids ' maghribi and andalusian territories by 1147 , [ 17 ] treated the dhimmis ( non-muslims ) harshly . 
  reports from the period describe that , after an initial 7-month grace period , the almohads killed or forcefully converted jewish communities in each new city they conquered until `` there was no jew left from silves to mahdia '' . 
  this thread is opposed to a stupid , violent religion . 
  have you been on reddit before ? 
  yes . 
  when we compare american culture to western european culture , the politics and religion are similar enough that the only thing that sticks out are food and mannerisms . 
  not so with muslim cultures . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  religion and politics are part of culture . 
   you guys do realize that dozens of different muslim countries have their own food , art , and mannerisms ... , politics , ideas about laws , justice , blasphemy , violence , the perfidity of jews , women and modesty , apostasy , honor killings , etc. 
  if they only brought their own food , art and mannerisms no one would have a problem with them . 
  france is the leading exporter of electricity in the world . 
  interesting fact about our electricity : we usually export at night and import at peak time/day , because we ca n't just power our nuclear plants up and down . 
  for that reasonit 's very common to have those differing prices for peak/offpeak prices here . 
  who 's putting up with it ? 
  it 's deep underground . 
  maybe the dead will glow and rise up . 
  i do n't understand why we do n't just build those huge lng terminals like the portuguese , just to break the monopoly on eastern europe . 
  then we can still import russian gas , but we 'd have other options . 
  the article is fearmongering . 
  the limited nuclear strikes would be against * military targets * ** in case of impending conventional defeat ** . 
  for the love of god , there is not any evidence that putin actually thinks that , this is just this guy rambling . 
  so the insanity/stupidity of his `` nuke a small capital '' strategy reflects badly on the * author * , not on putin . 
  he 's neither . 
  this * speculatory article * written by a political opponent makes him look like a maniac . 
  agreed , but the us-europe alliance makes even an anti-us hegemony * coalition * impossible . 
  it 's like the opposite of britain 's old `` balance of power '' politics haha . 
  it 's less bloody too . 
   it clearly benefits the us the least because the us already has all the capabilities nato has in its own military . 
  yeah gon na agree with you there . 
  plus the defensive alliance is mostly a benefit to those in danger of being bullied , which the us definitely is not , while eastern europe is . 
  the us gets a lot of diplomatic support out of it though , a blank cheque for its hegemony . 
  the us plus europe can not be challenged on any level by china/russia/india / etc , and the us gets to wear the pants in the relationship . 
  it is their turf , from a commercial pov . 
  they have no competition . 
  i like how they go full speculation at the end . 
  `` yeah , maybe this could be related to this uncomfirmed possibly staged event that did n't happen '' . 
  right in the feels . 
  sometimes i wish we 'd accepted the 1940 franco-british union proposal , give you the toulon fleet and any salvageable material and manpower , beat germany and just co-rule the world for another 300 years . 
  that 's a human rights violation if i ever saw one . 
  hahaha . 
  i remember that time the chinese would n't send him trains full of food anymore because he claimed the trains themselves were part of the gift . 
  why not ? 
  he 's the king of the world , no shits given . 
  that 's how he rolls . 
  for some reason , the first photo looks like china ( which i 've never been to ) . 
  in russia , side chooses * you * . 
  ^ could n't ^ resist . 
  how are his hands untied ? 
  one advantage of the weaksauce western sanctions until now is that they can still be significantly upgraded . 
  for instance in the case of russian intervention in ukraine . 
  where do you get that from his submission history ? 
  he posts in normal subs , admittedly a lot of muslim-critical stuff . 
  but everyone has a topic of predilection . 
  someone ate too much radiocative shellfish again . 
   obviously western media cares more about the west since , you know , they 're from the west , but that 's precisely my point -- there are issues with its coverage of these conflicts . 
  that 's a reasonable point . 
   they see an action , they see the west supported it , they think it was deliberate . 
  i do n't see it that way because i know the people who advocated for it genuinely believed in it . 
  so they are in fact paranoid and inclined to conspiracy theories . 
   i do not and never have believed that the shock therapy was a western invention to weaken ussr . 
  fine , it only looked like you did in the original comment you brought it up . 
  but you * do * believe that there were many other instances of the west deliberately weakening the russian federation . 
  i 'm asking for those . 
   obviously the mh17 flight got plenty of coverage . 
  yes , but its death toll was far from negligible when compared to the rest of the conflict . 
  and it could have happened to almost anyone watching cnn . 
  if you 're going to criticize the media for palestinian coverage , imo the coverage/death of civilians of other conflicts is far worse for the syrian civil war civilian ( deaths in the hundred ( s ) of thousands ) , iraki civil war ( twelwe thousand ) central african republic war ( thousands ) , boko haram killings , ( a few thousand ) , etc. 
   i do n't believe it was deliberate either , but there were many other instances of the west deliberately weakening the crumbling ussr and later nascent russian federation . 
  you know , that 's maybe why people think russians are paranoid and inclined to conspiracy theories .
