  the negotiating was going nowhere . 
  what will it be , greeks ? 
  keeping the euro , or keeping the euros ? 
  that 's not an excuse . 
  `` for every one of you , we 'll kill three of ours . '', 
  `` how about no ? '', 
  besides , they go out of their way to kill nonmuslims ( see ; attacks on tourists , or that mall in kenya or that hotel in mumbai where they asked people if they were muslims , and killed them if they were n't ) . 
  the main reason why they kill more muslims is because they 're closer to the muslims who want to jihad . 
  that 's a more valid criticism . 
  i do n't understand how they can get so worked up over the wrong word and some added french translations . 
  they 're not `` random russian people that hold some form of political influence '' , they work for the russian state . 
  2 of them are ambassadors , which makes them , by definition , the voice of the russian government to the country they 're stationed in . 
  it 's hard to find people who are less representative of the kremlin 's voice than ambassadors , outside of putin himself . 
   'm pretty sure somebody could get quotes from four random french people that hold some form of political influence and give the impression that france wants to recreate it 's european empire , or something else to that effect . 
  be my guest , lol . 
  find the quotes from our ambassadors threatening nuclear war to our neighbours . 
   oh well , he has the right to be the national fool . 
  you 're making me sad now . 
  you know why ? 
  when they asked filmmaker theo van gogh if he was afraid he 'd be killed for some of his provocative stuff , he said : ` no one kills the village idiot ' . 
  then , of course , he was killed . 
  then they killed our fools at charlie 's . 
  cherish your fools . 
   the other stuff is basically just pandering towards the hawkish domestic audience . 
  that 's not really a good thing , is it ? 
  maybe one day , they 'll invade a country to pander to the hawkish domestic audience . 
  oh wait , they already did . 
  as for what it adds to the discussion , yeah it 's not the toppest of top quality , but who are we kidding this ai n't / r/asktrueredditscienceeuropediscussion . 
  it 's somehow informative to have all those quotes together , and i understand that a lot of eastern and northern european people are a bit concerned by russia 's attitude and actions , so why should n't they post ? 
  sure , but give a reason why it is propaganda then . 
  if it was false , it would clearly be propaganda . 
  but it is n't , so we 're back at an assertion . 
  what is misleading about those facts ? 
  why is it propaganda ? 
  did they not say these things ? 
  anyway , it does sound like some evil force is threatening those countries , and russia is just passing the message along as a concerned friend . 
  i do n't see how that can hurt russia 's good standing . 
  mmm , yeah , mmmh , i see . 
  leaders , huh ? 
  are n't you overlooking something ? 
  hint : your flag . 
  yeah for god 's sake put them out of their misery , the whining is unbearable . 
  lol , calm your tits , rambo . 
  again i 'll remind you that i answered to a guy who could n't think of a reason against conscription . 
  it is however possible to justify conscription in some cases . 
  when you do use it , you better have a damn good reason to take away so much liberty from your citizens . 
  a bunch of genocidal maniacs invading would do it . 
  as to your ass-wipe country , just get into nato already instead of shitting your pants , licking russia 's boots and forcing your young men into timewasting camp . 
  well i was n't even considering conscription in peacetime , which i think is even more clear-cut than wartime conscription . 
  you 're basically forcing people to dig holes and fill them back up again , like serfs , except there 's no point . 
  i do n't know why i need to explain why this is something that poses a few problem to our concepts of individual liberty , and how much power the state is supposed to have over its citizens ... ( which the previous commenter could n't understand ) . 
   but it get a whole lot dangerous for everyone , not just the conscripts or the reserves . 
  i 'm pretty sure combattants have mortality rates that are an order of magnitude or two higher than non-combattants , so i do n't know why you 're bringing this up . 
  would you rather play russian roulette with one bullet or five ? 
  `` jk , you do n't have a choice '' , says conscription . 
  you ca n't think of a single reason not to force people to do the most dangerous job in the world ? 
  this ai n't amistad . 
  it 's a joke . 
  it 's exaggerated for humourous effect . 
  i know full well that malta contains more than one family , but compared to the demographic weight of other european countries , they might as well be one . 
  it 's a small jab at another country , it 's common on this sub , i meant nothing by it . 
  the ridiculousness on the literal side of the joke comes from equaling all maltans with a single family with the last name malta , and one guy getting a job is enough to fire off the local economy , the underlying figurative idea being that country 's relative small size and irrelevance . 
  ah , forget it , let me and my shitty jokes be . 
  nono , it 's just a terrible joke . 
  malta 's so small that it 's basically one family . 
  all of them ? 
  that 's a relief . 
  last i heard , frank malta had trouble getting a job . 
  i find it bizarre that people stop walking on escalators . 
  there 's no time advantage to stand still on an elevator versus walking on the elevator and have your 30 sec pause elsewhere , in front of an old church . 
  i have a dream that one day people will choose their walk pause time by the beauty of their surroundings , and not by the machinery beneath them . 
   purposely kicking every person against the shins i resent the implication that our freedom of expression is a violent action . 
  if someone screams ( and commits ) bloody murder because of some innocuous act like printing cartoons and expressing an opinion , the conflict is entirely on their shoulders . 
  how can we bow down to the demands of people who try to blackmail us with the threat of murder ? 
  it 's not right . 
  would you ask him to shut up if he attacked some other religion 's icon ? 
  would the other religions even make credible death threats ? 
  we can not reward evil . 
  secondly , who is getting offended by this ? 
  is it `` muslims '' , or only a radical fringe ? 
  if the former , muslims do n't seem to understand our society 's values . 
  if the latter , why are you defending a few religious fanatics ' feelings ? 
   all he wants is attention so his political party remains relevant . 
  his motives are irrelevant . 
  why would he ? 
  the people he `` should try to avoid offending '' have already condemned him to death , murdered one of his friends , and made credible threats . 
  he lives with bodyguards . 
  are you going to chastise this man for ... what exactly ? 
  `` not being a grownup '' ? 
  you sound ridiculous . 
  hitler held his best speeches in beer halls . 
  take away the beer , take away the nazi . 
  turkey is safe . 
  perhaps , but people should n't go around claiming that this encourages critical thinking . 
  creating erudite drones who do n't have the courage of their own opinions seems a long way from what we could ideally expect from our education . 
  yeah , earlier i did have a couple of teachers who were good at communicating the enthusiasm for literature that was sorely lacking from this type of thing . 
  but it was made very clear that the rules were not to be ignored during the exam , and the last thing you should do is go freestyle , even for a paragraph or two . 
  they insisted that ideally , no one should take the `` sujet d'invention '' ( see belligerent ghoul 's post : the least rule-oriented of the options ) during the exams , as it resulted in worse grades . 
  i 'd rather be a greek than a citizen of , - any african country - any middle eastern country - overwhelming majority of asian , latin and central american countries , - russia , belarus , ukraine , turkey . 
  to say nothing of the past .
