young people in europe tend to enjoy life in/after high education . 
  they usually travel through europe and visit various places , as opposed in the us where you need to get a job as soon as you finish school in order to pay that 80k $ student loan off . 
  we do . 
  ex yugoslavia is just a shitshow , do n't get me started . 
  some more croatian ones that were n't put in there because of profanity : ` ne jebi zid ' * do n't fuck a wall * - has a variety of uses.ussually said to someone who 's talking about something that is not very likely to happen , someone that is bragging , lying and many more . 
  zaboli me kurac/boli me kurac/sto me boli kurac * my dick hurts * ( literal translation ) it basically means ' i do n't give a shit ' ` tko se ruga , poseru ga ' * the one who mocks , gets shit on * self-explanatory . 
  what comes around , goes around . 
  croatia here . 
  if the cemetery is n't visible from space at night , then is it really a slav cemetery ? 
  well , aristotle and plato acctually existed unlike jesus, 
   and thats not a good thing agree to disagree . 
  oh hey , lets put turkey in this graph but not several countries that are acctually in europe . 
  and with the bosniaks we have the food eating contests covered aswell . 
  flawless . 
  lets put the nationalism and discrimination that yugoslavia was full off aside . 
  no , you 're really not . 
  poland has the highest economic growth out of the ex-eastern block countries, 
  no , he was serbian . 
  just like everyone else on this planet . 
  one does not mention that name to a citizen of ex-yu without recieving a rant about how he was either the greatest leader of all time or a war criminal and a dictator . 
  tl : dr tito is basically voldemort, 
  ex-yu countries are all pretty good at waterpolo . 
  ( montenegro , serbia , croatia almost always reach the semifinals/finals ) . 
  if yugoslavia had n't ceased to exist it would have been a sports giant in waterpolo , handball , basketball , football , rowing and even athletics ( croatia had the second best gold medal per capita ratio on the latest olympics , a d serbia was n't far behind ) . 
  `` hurr durr give piranski zaljev '', 
  mr.tito took care of that . 
  probably has something to do with that incident at vienna a few hundred years back . 
  this should be interesting . 
  still salty about that bit of sea we wo n't give you , eh ? 
  you have your own politicians to blame for that, 
  i guess the mandatory balkan shitfest is happening under this comment . 
  just here to reserve my spot , carry on . 
  kosovo is a gold mine in eu . 
  i ca n't blame serbia for trying to keep it , i 'd want to keep it too . 
  too bad that irl it has few resources and a majority muslim albanian population . 
  i still understand why serbia want 's to keep it tho . 
  if my history professor has any idea what he 's talking about , serbs first settled in the area near today 's kosovo . 
  which would , as silly as it sounds when said by mindless serb nationalists , make ` kosovo the heart of serbia ', 
  if you check his post history you 'll see that he is a brainwashed serb that denies the scale of serbian war crimes in the 90 's . 
  i do n't take this seriously and neither should you . 
  most of the countries above you are slavic , you stood no real chance . 
   serbian triggered, 
  implying anyone in the general area of the ex-yu cares about the stupid media and political shit our goverments keep throwing at us . 
  it 's clearly the evil truck 's fault . 
  he made the poor innocent muslim refugees do a terrorist attack !, 
  rip ferdinand , never forget :( (, 
  my guess is that it 's coming from the fact that serbs commited genocide in the 90 's . 
  the balkan countries that are worse than turkey are coincidentally all the ones where turkish influence and islam still exist today , while the ones who resisted turkish rule do much better . 
  i think not . 
  hey , i 'm pretty sure u/knoddel already reserved cologne ? 
  noone mentioned anything about hour requirements or being ` good ' at the game . 
  just apply and have a great time . 
  does n't matter if you 're not great at the game , even the worst players are better than ai . 
  will a teamspeak or discord of some sorts be provided or will we just coordinate over steam ? 
  as the host said , noone would mind it really . 
  reserve whatever you want man , as long as noone already did . 
  \u0160ibenik is one of the few dalmatian cities that was n't founded by romans/byzantium . 
  it 's the first croatian city on the adriatic coast ( founded by croatian kind petar kre\u0161imir iv . 
  that being said , it has the italian demonym because it did switch hands between croatia and venice alot . 
  have n't played in quite a long time . 
  i 'll have brunei , please . 
  that 's a ` fornet ' . 
  ` kroasan ' has pointed edges . 
  fornet does not . 
  before anyone claims that it is n't actually a town . 
  it 's counted as a town not because of the number of people living there but because it was officially named a town by kings in the past . 
  it just has n't grown since then at all . 
  indians are hindu serbs , turks are muslim serbs , izraelites are jew serbs . 
  adam and eve were both serb . 
  everyone is a serb . 
  god is a serb . 
  serbia . 
  same as any other communist dictator . 
  work camps . 
  tbh i only learned to read cyrillic so i can read comments from youtube accounts with names and pictures of war criminals, 
  pretty sure this one was made after independance, 
  well no , not really . 
  tiny parts of it were italian for meaningless amounts of time ( the major towns were mostly roman tho , so the architecture is the same ) . 
  basically cheaper italy with islands . 
  do n't take this seriously . 
  it 's nonsense used to make british people feel better . 
  constantinople looks nice this time of year . 
  yes and out of those 8 million probably less than a million were romans . 
  most were slaves imported from all over the empire and a small percentage were the other native people of the peninsula ( etruscans , greeks , etc. ), 
  protip : bosnian stuff is cheap af , but they will ussually have huge exchange rates ( from my experience ) . 
  so , if you can , exchange your currency for km in your own country . 
  languages are simillar but not the same . 
  the two nations had their own reasons to split their languages and you ca n't and will not accomplish anything by arguing on reddit . 
  it is the way it is . 
  oh and also , the hostility you see around the internet and in politics does not translate into the real world and the lives of most people here . 
  i have serb friends , i 've been to serbia . 
  i speak serbian and i read serbian cyrillic . 
  if i met a random serb , i would act just like i met a random croat . 
  the people that are arguing and fighting over these petty things are slowly dying out . 
  the new generations are giving less and less fucks about the past . 
  what ? 
  never heard of any malaysians in croatia during the war . 
  i heard syria is warm this time of year . 
   italian say no more . 
  if you did your research and pulled your head out of your serb ass , you 'd know that serbia did indeed send jna tanks to slovenia .
