  totally irrelevant in current situation , just like pak fa is . 
  russians do have some good sams , but 1 ) noone knows how effective they are against stealth fighters ( most likely : not at all ) and 2 ) noone knows how effective they are against modern western fighters like eurofighter . 
  hopefully : we wo n't have to know that at any point of time . 
   it 's probably about you poles keeping your christmas decorations up in the middle of february . 
  that 's called `` laziness '' as far as i 'm aware . 
  full control over crimea . 
  that peninsula got enormous strategical importance in the region . 
  imagine unsinkable aircraft carrier mixed with enormous dock and military bases . 
  yes . 
  situation changes with each day basically . 
  yesterday changed quite a bit on who has an upper hand . 
  it 's not `` west '' just yet , but putin certainly lost a lost of momentum and behaviour of ukrainian army on crimea has been exceptional . 
  '' * why germany still exist * '' - i expected that under poland . 
  o_o but no , wait , there 's more : '' * why does estonia even exist * '' ... '' * why does france speak french * '' - oh , why ?!, 
  and what 's up with these questions '' * why country xyz celebrate christmas * '' anyway ? 
  it 's really so suspicious that people need to google that ? 
  sovereignty is quite elusive world . 
  most harsh eurosceptics argue that none of the eu members are sovereign . 
  on the other hand - even `` united states of europe '' scenario means that each country will still be preserved with it 's borders - think of united kingdom - wales or scotland still identifies itself as a separate * country * within union with their own parliaments and local laws . 
  though imho there 's not a chance for such an union/federation to be created during our lifetimes . 
  there 's still too many disagreements between countries within eu to form anything more serious . 
  firstly we need to sort out eu army and eu foreign policy . 
  if that will be done - it 's going to be an enormous success on it 's own . 
  oh ... so now an illegal so-called * prime minister of crimea * `` breaks away from ukraine '' ? 
  no more referendum he himself decided to make , i guess . 
  but down at the end of article i read that it still will occur ? 
  i guess with crimea already broken away from ukraine it 's just a formality ? 
  russians [ brought in a buses ] ( https://twitter.com/euromaidanpr/status/440927174673985536 ) will ensure desired outcome . 
   when asked about the legality of his position , mr. aksenov said he had been voted prime minister by crimean members of parliament . 
  a parliament that no one seen gathering on that matter , nor there are any documents confirming when voting occurred , who voted for , and who voted against . 
  most interesting way of doing democracy . 
  and they are the people accusing kiev for being fascists ? 
  [ ~ ~ ussr ~ ~ russia fires icbm ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zk0wd/russia_testfires_icbm_amid_tension_over_ukraine/ ), 
  nah , i should pull that back . 
  seems like this test was actually scheduled for quite some time now - nato was informed about it before crimean crisis begun . 
  i blame gmo . 
  makes people clone . 
  through budding . 
   yeah i can understand that but we ca n't forget brussels and washington are just as much attempting to establish a narrative here as moscow and both have the potential to manipulate events against the ukrainian people . 
  noone has any doubts about that . 
  cia itself was helping to record some of the materials from euromaidan . 
  but still does n't change the fact that there 's no reason not to post both sides of propaganda like we do now , and show truth when someone is lying . 
  this picture is a perfect example of propaganda from both sides : top you 've got `` crimean militia '' that everyone clearly recognize as trained russian army , and bottom you 've got some child that clearly does n't have a clue what 's going on around him and got almost nothing to deal with the fights between government and euromaidan forces . 
  oh ... and the bottom text : '' * trained and armed in poland maidan fascist , founded by the cia * '' is a prefect example of putin rhetoric - mixing facts with truth . 
  yes , there are far-right nationalists in there , yes , the whole business was funded by cia between many other , but : no , these people were n't trained in poland , nor armed by `` west '' , post-soviet weapons are quite common in ukraine but very , very few people used them and it was the government forces who opened fire first - keep that in mind next time you 'll think about your `` fascists '' and `` weapons '' . 
  also russian intelligence helped fund pro-government forces and protests just as much as cia did to support pro-eu protests , only they did n't stop there and decided to opt for using [ titushky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/titushky ) to make situation even more dubious and difficult to judge . 
  another confirmation : polish press agency ( pap ) : '' * rosja informowa\u0142a o planach pr\u00f3by pocisku przed krymskim kryzysem * '' - russia informed about missile tests ** before ** crimean crisis . 
   shitty propaganda base ? 
  that would mean removing all of the posts quoting putin . 
  not gon na happen . 
  we need to see both sides of propaganda . 
    the fascists in the ukraine are a very real and a very dangerous yea , like trying to make a democratic elections in may with support of international community . 
  typical fascists . 
  they picked wrong lessons in poland - should have focused on using sniping rifles instead . 
  apparently these are very effective . 
   notifications were made ahead of time in accordance with normal procedures . 
  at least one good news in this whole crap . 
   it would show putin that europe is a military threat he knows that very well . 
  he is n't stupid . 
  russian army is very experienced and got one of the best military intelligences in the world . 
  he knows that his equipment is inferior all across the board , and he ca n't hope for huge manpower as right now eu alone got over 3 times as many citizens as russia does . 
   the only way for our block to expand borders east is by being friendly with mr. putin . 
  i would be equally happy if we 'd simply stop russian borders expanding west like they do in this very moment . 
   it 's freaking annoying to watch how germany and the uk and a few others do n't want sanctions that would harm their economies , be it , the `` f-ing city of london '' or german pharmaceutical industry . 
  i 'm more amazed by the fact that they ca n't simply ban weapons export in a symbolical move ( pretty much right now only france got a lot to loose on that one ) . 
  perhaps some other stuff that 's not essential for the economy , like ... military technologies , etc. 
  if that does n't do anything - we might think about something more . 
  oh ... and a little bit more of these `` scheduled military exercises '' that poland and sweden did . 
   the problem is justly that it would send a message , and incite poutin to do the same or even worse do n't worry , he can handle himself just fine . 
  does n't need any additional motivation . 
  [ icbm was fired near caspian sea as reported by ria half an hour ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zk0wd/russia_testfires_icbm_amid_tension_over_ukraine/ ) . 
   this might be the wrong message . 
  or a right one : that he is pushing too far . 
  risks are going higher and higher , if noone does anything - god knows what putin will decide to do next . 
  honestly though sending troops to borders is just symbolic gesture - even that might be too little to bring putin 's attention . 
  it 's just a different form of rhetoric , a military one . 
  i would be delighted putin to prove me wrong and back down before nato will have to send it 's forces on polish and romanian borders . 
  if they honestly work and integrate into society - they can be a benefit . 
  even a great one . 
  however reality is brutal : refugees do n't want to integrate ( they feel that their home is elsewhere ) , and often they do n't really produce much of an added value to the economy comparing with the government investment in them . 
  of course - many of them do try to work very honestly , but language , cultural and often education differences is something that prevents most of them from doing anything more than vary basic physical work . 
  of course - none of this is a reason to completely forbid immigration , but it is a reason to stop accepting as many people as eu does only on a basis of the fact that they reached eu borders and something bad is going on in their country . 
  many people exploit our good will , while in fact not being in as desperate situation as many of those who stayed in a country . 
  i 'm totally not surprised . 
  the great wall of cameron was total mistake not only giving people way too much control over censorship with little to no overseeing but also giving people working on it a direct insights into countless material that 's illegal within uk borders . 
   granting wide autonomy is a nice gesture now that 's an euphemism . 
  crimeans in russia never had as many privileges as they do in independent ukraine . 
   crimea wants to become its own independent country there is nothing the rest of ukraine can do first of all : we do n't know if they do , and wo n't know as long as russia holds gun up to their heads like they do now . 
  and secondly - ukrainian government is the only one that can agree on secession of crimea if it 'd declare such will . 
  crimea can not do it on it 's own just like for years scotland could n't do it on it 's own . 
  agreement needs to be achieved on both sides . 
  only here situation is by far more difficult because russians on crimea already have their own country - just right across the straight . 
  and for political reasons crimea needs to be kept as a part of ukraine ( these reasons are - paradoxically - created by russia itself ) . 
  un charter does not give a green light for separatism . 
  no country in the world would sign it if it would . 
  certainly not russia , ukraine , or uk for that matter . 
   the language in the charter is pretty clear . 
  it is clear , only you skew it to your own point of view . 
  confirmation bias is blinding you while reading it . 
  if ukraine would break even a slightest bit of it - russians would do everything they can to exploit it to it 's full extend for their own advantage .
