  no country with active territorial dispute is allowed to join nato . 
   d : let turkey permanently close the strait , cutting off access to the russian base in syria . 
  i would laugh hard , but that 's not possible . 
  not without breaking international treaties - and turkey , unlike russia , still cares about it 's opinion in the world . 
   eu must answer in the strongest way , short of military intervention , least we see more annexation attempts in the future . 
  ruble cheap . 
  ruble cheaper every day . 
  poland can into space . 
  there was never a truce . 
  just a one-side invasion without armed resistance . 
   who though ? 
  russia does . 
  it 'll be used as a pretext for partitioning of ukraine . 
   or we could just waste less power . 
  i know , that 's probably terrifying . 
  that 's got a short-term benefits and is really expensive on a level of each family living in a country and each large company based there . 
  yes , we should n't waste as much energy as we do in europe ( brits and their buildings make me terrified - need to constantly heat the building when it 's +10 outside ) , but even if we would cut it by half - it still does n't change the fact that consumption of energy is constantly raising and reducing energetic waste would n't offset that on a country-wide level . 
   there is a big issue that i see emerging . 
  miseducation . 
  emerging ? 
  i think it 's already there . 
  you 're new here ? 
  people on reddit point out dicks in government almost every time we talk about russian invasion on crimea . 
  8 downvotes . 
  i can bet all of them were from poles . 
  density of planned military exercises per square meter of europe is going dangerously close to the critical mass . 
  good point bigos , only it got one problem : we ( or more importantly : our politicians ) also ca n't see what is being done right . 
  so in many cases we have a discussions about making changes for a sake of making changes . 
  each time there 's just part of a system going wrong - we want to tear the whole thing upside-down ( look : nfz , voivodships , gymnasiums , trains in a winter , etc. 
  hi , and thank you for doing this ama , i wish more politicians would follow your example  . 
  we had a lot of discussions here about lack of eu-wide media or press that would allow europeans to find out what 's going on in whole eu ( not just their own country ) and what are the highlights from eu structures ( not just europarliment alone , but it obviously is a major highlight ) . 
  what do you think is a reason for that , and what can be done to improve people 's awareness of european union ? 
  how do you think crimean situation affected europarliment ? 
  there are opinions that putin did more to united european politicians more than anyone during last 20 years . 
  can you see any change in eu parliament during current crisis ? 
  how do you feel about further expansion of eu ? 
  sweden ... you have such a good record in ensuring democracy and freedom in your country that you make everyone around jealous . 
  oh , so we operate on assumption that government might do something bad so it 's automatically bad ? 
  smart ... 
  i would have thought of that . 
   if 97 % of the population hated the russians than there would have been incidents durring these last weeks when they where de facto ocupied . 
  there most likely would be if not armed guards on every corner . 
  what 's that again ... 30 000 troops deployed to keep population at the gun point ? 
   but it was procedurally correct you 've got to be kidding me . 
  you have no slightest idea what the hell is going on in there if you dare to say anything like that . 
  just random fun fact : 123 % of sevastopolians voted for crimea to join russia . 
   the government is using the political situation to gather immense support that can be abused if we only concentrate on how evil russia is . 
  and examples of that abuse are ... where exactly ? 
   was there a mass conscription based on a inflamed nationalist rethoric ? 
  then it wasn extremely nationalist in nature . 
  and was there one in ukraine ? 
  it 's mostly based on a rhetoric of defending country from russia . 
  not leading it to racial glory over others or anything in any sort reminding extreme nationalism or fascism . 
  besides - conscription is based on a shape of current ukrainian army and the need for manpower . 
  purely practical needs . 
  rhetoric got very little to deal with it , regardless what sort of it is that according to you . 
   i absolutely agree , but that is precisely why the focus should be on the government not the russians . 
  should be , but russian invasion did n't allow it . 
  there are important matters and urgent matters that ca n't wait any delay . 
  partitioning of ukraine by russia is certainly the latter one . 
   the us 's help is worthless you have no clue . 
  advisers can make a huge difference . 
  just look at poland - we had advisers from uk , france and usa . 
  ukraine did not . 
  now - compare the results of first 10 years independence for each country . 
  it 's not a paramilitary - it 's a reserve military force . 
  many countries got national guard - everything is fully legal - you get a training and then you go to reserve . 
  regular military draft for university students in poland looked quite similar before we switched to fully professional army ( you could volunteer to go for summer training at the military camp , some additional lessons during one semester , and you 're done - pretty much identical to what these people are doing right now - difference being that no one accused us for being `` extreme nationalists '' ) . 
   revolutions do not solve systemic issues of course . 
  but they give a chance to improve . 
  it 's better than sitting in stagnation like they did for years before . 
   they just give the system a chance to reset ( it rarely succeeds ) yep , orange revolution is a prefect example of failure . 
  but i hope they learnt their lessons from that and now with advisory from us and eu ( which they did n't have last time ) everything will go little bit more smoothly . 
  hope is pretty much the only thing these people have right now with their economy in very bad state and russians invading their homeland while we are watching it in a tv . 
   collegee graduates joining an civilian armed brigade under the goverment college graduates going to army is standard in all countries that have conscription . 
  and young people were majority of military forces through every conflict in the history . 
  i do n't know why you see anything `` extreme '' in that . 
   ukrainian government is putrid with corruption and incompetence that 's why they just had a revolution . 
  so . . nothing would change ? 
  as that 's exactly what russians are saying right now . 
   i know that it got overturned pretty quickly but thats probably because they realised what a stupid move it is and they know they need to keep the eu and us on side to keep russia at bay . 
  not just russia at bay but also money flowing in . 
  and it 'll be like that for years to come . 
  and as long as ukraine is dependent in any way on west - you wo n't see any fascist-alike laws being implemented there . 
  it 'd be a suicide for their government . 
  all this fascist fears are greatly overblown . 
  first of all - no party that ever was connected to fascists will manage to rule ukraine on it 's own , and other parties are opposed of extreme nationalism . 
  secondly - svoboda distanced itself from it 's neofascist past - that 's what allowed them to win seats in parliament during last elections , while pravy sector did n't have any seats at all and most likely wo n't have them as soon elections will run again . 
  and finally - eu and us are watching every move of ukrainian government . 
  misstep and they can forget about any support or joining eu ( which they obviously really want now ) . 
   no , fascists are just militarized extreme nationalists . 
  so ... that video is suppose to show extreme nationalists ? 
  interesting . 
   but a couple of deflections from the government toward external sources and you got that solved . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  he is not an mp . 
  and look at this : http://www.wprost.pl/f/pic.php?t=news&amp;p=2610&amp;w670=1&amp;brt=1 ^ that 's who this guy is . 
  pro-nazi with contacts in russian intelligence . 
  no wonder he supports nazi-alike russian government . 
  he is nothing more than a scum in polish politics .
