  those that do care are split in a two groups : people thinking that the tribunal should be defended and these thinking that what l&j is doing is lawful and just . 
   seeing as how all 5 replacement judges were chosen by the outgoing liberals . 
  2 of these 5 wo n't become judges no matter what , as their choice was against a constitution - they should have been picked after the elections , not before . 
  remaining 3 have every right to be a members of constitutional tribunal and have a competences to become them . 
  president not taking an oath from these 3 is paralyzing tribunal - hence the movements to defend it - and acting against a constitution . 
   he ( polish president ) is also a lawyer with a phd from poland 's famous jagiellonian university . 
  it 's worth noting that his own university published an open protest letter , additional letters were sent from silesian and warsaw universities . 
   a much more plausible explanation is that the government needs the court 's acquiescence to pass the sweeping and costly economic reforms that law and justice promised during its political campaign . 
  or things that infringe on a freedoms guaranteed by the constitution , which is something people defending court are afraid of most , and something that l&j clearly has an appetite for , seeing [ things like that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3tz5nz/polish_minister_tries_to_ban_nobel_winners/ ) . 
  not to mention an upcoming law that will greatly limit the voice of opposition in sejm debate ( [ link ] ( http://www.sejm.gov.pl/sejm8.nsf/druk.xsp?documentid=6cff9db0881ef6c0c1257f0f00468f07 ) ) . 
   contrast this narrative with by far the most memorable moment of the parliamentary debate over the resolutions invalidating the november and december judges , when kornel morawiecki , an icon of the anti-communist opposition and a government ally , declared : `` law is important ... but law is not sacred . 
  the good of the nation is above it . 
  if law infringes on that good , we should not be prevented from breaking it . 
  law should serve us . 
  if it does not serve the nation , it is lawlessness . '' this was the moment when jaws of many people , especially these fighting for democracy under communist regime , fell down to the floor . 
  that said though - it 's not all that shocking considering that somehow he managed to put himself in the same party with ~ ~ neonazis ~ ~ oh , sorry , i mean : nationalists , as they call themselves , like our new mp robert winnicki ( link to the proof image removed per request ) . 
   i know you hate it , but just get over it and accept the result of elections . 
  i do n't `` hate '' it , and i fully accept the result of elections . 
   what `` instability '' ? 
  two words : constitutional tribunal . 
  and i seen your posting history , i 'm not going into any argument with you over that . 
   f-35 is a perfect replacement for su-22 with its fighter-bomber capability same can be said about eurofighter , rafale and gripen ng ( all 3 expressed interest in procurement ) . 
  if anything - the other 3 planes are more similar in terms of mission focus to su-22 than f-35 is ( f-35 is more about bvr capabilities and stealth ) . 
   drones are meant for different missions . 
  as for drones - statements made by both : previous government officials and a military were too generic to build a fact-based discussion about that , but in general - they were n't meant to be a 1:1 replacement of su-22 but rather fly into the areas where it 'd be too risky for polish f-16 multirole fighters ( i highlighted that they are multirole in case you 'd forget that we 're still going to have manned planes armed with bombs available ) . 
  not to mention the obvious - there are ( and will be , by the time procurement beings ) different types of drones - when you say that they are meant for different missions i presume you 're thinking along the lines of the predator - male drones - while there are many other categories available , one of likely contenders being currently developed fcas , an evolution of british taranis and french neuron ( though neither government nor military specified any platform as an example - hence why it 's so difficult to discuss this topic ) . 
  so will all the countries ( cause they do n't have it either ) and we 'll end up with ... city-states behind the walls ? 
  that 's the final result of this logic , as far as i see . 
  '' * poland * *** should examine *** * the possibility of joining the nato nuclear sharing program * '' - at the moment it 's purely wishful thinking on a polish side , if anything - chances for realizing that are lower than before due to political instability in poland . 
  procurement did not even start and you already know it 's going to be f-35 ? 
  cause i might surprise you - currently military wants most to purchase eurofighter as a su-22 replacement , though no decision has been made yet . 
  obvious alternative would be drones , but afaik there 's zero support for that in new mod . 
  if politics do win though - i would n't be surprised by a choice of f-35s . 
   seems more like a problem of educamalation is the problem . 
  education . 
  yes . 
  it is a huge problem - people know very little about the eu . 
  we totally agree . 
  you must understand that for average `` kowalski '' freedom of movement is the schengen zone , he does n't care about freedom of trade ( even if he works in a company that directly benefits from that ) and freedom of employment is something that he does n't think about until someone will take it away . 
  people do n't really have a clue how the eu works , what the schengen zone is , etc. 
  and with current political situation in poland - taking down the schengen zone would be used to sway public opinion against the eu . 
  even poles do n't want to immigrate to poland ... 
   have to take actiont against the isis , they already do . 
  to do something more significant than what you see now you 'd need to see further integration of the eu - creating european equivalent of fbi , significantly increasing size and competences of frontex ( greece being most loudly opposed against that , but they 're hardly alone in that ) , creating pan-european service with a competences to deport illegal migrants , etc. 
  that 's not doable with current political ( inc. public opinion ) situation . 
  if i may add to what was said - for many ( not all ) poles schengen zone is viewed as one of the symbols of european unity , something that makes all of us a members of one entity . 
  i know it 's not rightfully , but for many people it 's viewed as one of the biggest benefits of the eu , if not the biggest one . 
  bringing schengen down would hugely damage public perception of the european union while in reality effects on the refugees flow would be minor at best . 
   but they are mandatory for the countries that do n't have an opt-out for eu migration rules . 
  [ no , they are not mandatory ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5596_en.htm ) , and every country can ask for an opt-out , there was n't even a single case where such a request would be rejected . 
   also , estonia does n't have to pay for this , because estonia did n't decide on her own to take in the refugees and we should n't pay for other countries 's decisions like already mentioned germany , sweden , etc. 
  our government thinks differently of course . 
  so give back the eu money if you do n't give a shit about eu solidarity . 
  cause i see estonia loved it when eu countries were showing their solidarity with you and gave you money for your development , or when estonia demanded eu to put the sanctions on russia , which fyi are still in power , yet now , when italy , malta and other countries need estonia help with refugees - you want to show them your ass . 
  these are an intentional benefits - iter is basically a technology testbed , not something dedicated purely and only to the tokomaks . 
  iter did , and still does a great work accelerating technology readiness levels . 
  that 's perfectly doable . 
  quotas are not mandatory . 
  if estonia does n't want to take the people in - your government can pay into the eu budget to support union in handling them . 
   to act like nothing happened is n't the way to take responsibility for the actions . 
  they never did that . 
  unlike russians . 
   you simply can not explain to your children what germany did wrong and what is their responsibility , say what ? 
  you must be trolling ...  he leaded german armies to the east and the west under the flag i can not show you you can . 
  showing nazi flag for teaching is perfectly legal . 
  ( [ look here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strafgesetzbuch_section_86a ) ) fyi : the reason for a good relations between poles and germans is the fact that they did took the responsibility and they did a lot to apologise for their deeds and face the reality of past . 
  i find it amazingly ironic that russian is lecturing german on how to take the responsibility for your past actions when germany was far , far , far better in doing that than russia . 
  we have polish neo-nazis - that all by itself would be enough to either make him turn in his grave or laugh like an idiot . 
  yea , it can carry two lanes at a time . 
   before we start giving them away to muslims . 
  as if that would happen anywhere in the eu . 
  do n't confuse what reddit tells you with reality . 
  to begin with - they could kick out whoever `` designed '' that thing and hire someone half-decent . 
  it 's like complaining that in us there are only a five or so cities where you can listen to the polish folk music on friday evening , while in poland ... oh , forget it . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but from your description it does sound like a dog . 
  you 'd be surprised how many poles let their dogs out running for the night . 
  it 's a real problem for the state forests , especially in rural areas . 
  lack of tags is nothing unusual . 
  as for the size - first of all : you were drunk . 
  secondly : wolves are smaller than most of large dog breeds . 
  a large wolf would never approach human . 
  though very unlikely a hungry youngster might try to approach human settlements hoping to dig some trash or to kill some small animal ( chicken , young sheep , etc. 
  ) , but it would avoid humans and run away if you were making noises . 
  to be fair - there are people , even on this subreddit , that strongly believe ( d ) that russia did no wrong and it 's their first / second time they breached turkish air space . 
  no wonder though . 
  with every following warning it becomes more apparent that he will be forced to shoot down the plane , something he most likely never done in his life , and something that might have tremendous consequences on a world scene . 
  i would be just as stressed as he was , if not more . 
  in poland groups that are most pro-us are very anti-eu . 
  they do n't care if usa is pro-eu . 
  ( what 's interesting - the pro-eu groups are not anti-us - so no matter who wins the elections - us will always be seen favorably in poland , it 's only a matter if more or less ) . 
  i would n't be surprised it people would use it as an argument in a 100 years just like they are using it now . 
  for many ( not all ) it 's not about forgiveness , it 's just an argument supporting political agenda ( currently : nationalistic , pro-us , anti-eu ) . 
   what about british armies on polish soil ? 
  due to the concept of '' * [ western betrayal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) * '' you would n't be as welcome as us soldiers , but still : very welcome . 
  french would be welcome a bit less ( they 're perceived by some as a nation that would sell poland for money - do n't ask me to elaborate , i do n't share this opinion ) . 
  germans the least of all 3 ( current governing party has a very strong anti-german sentiment , to the point of accusing people asking for an autonomy of upper silesia to be a '' * hidden german option * '' - most people though do not share this attitude ), 
  an alternative is to pay additional funds into the eu budget . 
  you can read more here : [ refugee crisis : european commission takes decisive action ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5596_en.htm ), 
  i tend to agree . 
  they got a nicer shade of red .
