  and yea , that `` looking out for his career '' came out rather awfully . 
  major political mistake , i honestly expected much better of him knowing his track record . 
  on the other hand in poland we consistently avoid having [ nop ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_revival_of_poland ) and alike in the parliament . 
  i count that as a good deed of the threshold . 
  also situation in weimar republic is n't really comparable . 
  nor anything else before modern raise of mass media , especially tv . 
  as i said - keeping extremes out of parliament allows to avoid normalisation of their views when media panders to everything that happens in a parliament in the way they do . 
  nah , they have to try . 
  just giving up on the hope of fixing that wo n't do anything good . 
  there 's a positive side of it though - it tends to take the extremes out of the parliament , often times also removes single-issue parties . 
  ( obviously there are exceptions , but during last 25 years or so it tended to do a decent job in what it was designed for ) this way you avoid normalising some more extreme views through media which tend to pay attention to every pr stunt done in a parliament . 
   in the absence of security issues , the u.s. would already have visa waivers for those countries . 
  it 's not a security issue though . 
  it 's due to high refusal rate , which is usually caused by things like ( 214  not having a stable job , lack of family to return to , ( 221  missing documents or ( 212  errors in documents . 
  ( numbers in brackets relates to acts in u.s. immigration and nationality act ) . 
  it 's not like you 'll see polish terrorists rampaging through us , haha . 
   i do n't think the calculation depends on who is president at the time . 
  let 's agree to disagree , here . 
  no , not really . 
  consequences of creating one unified policy towards all eu member states are far lower than these of escalation . 
  purely on a rational level , which i would expect from most other us presidents , this issue should be resolved without allowing it to escalate into eu reimposing visas . 
  ( and to be clear - i 'm not suggesting us should just give to the demands , it 's something that should be negotiated through the usual diplomatic means and us is in fair position to ask for something in return , but given the circumstances just increasing tension without any means of resolution is a futile exercise ), 
  well , with trump as a president - i 'm inclined to share your opinion ... 
  basically a limited trade war , only in cyberspace . 
   i will not hesitate to do it . 
  there 's too much at stake . 
  well said . 
  it 's already bad enough as it is . 
  making it worse would be awful . 
  well , i do n't know about others , but i appreciate solidarity . 
  even if the reasoning for why my country and the 3 others do not get visas is perfectly sound and reasonable . 
  if implemented it 'd be great example of how eu can achieve things for countries they would n't be able to do themselves ( at least not in a near future ) . 
  true . 
  but it 's a standard in vast majority of democracies . 
  vast majority of people do n't really care . 
  sa stands for share-alike . 
  you first complain that materials are published on share-alike and then ask to publish stuff on sa license . 
  it makes no sense . 
  that 's why it 's more than just news organizations and news organizations that did join happen to spread across the political spectrum . 
  it 's propably the most thoughtful fact checking initiative i 've seen so far , at least as far as these with any chances to reach the public go ( so we 'd exclude mr. dimitry in his basement ) . 
  it varies . 
  at some points it 's only news , at others it 's mostly memes/maps/cows / whatever . 
  it 's definitely not `` all the time '' , though right now these random posts definitely peak in activity . 
  or that france is already falling apart , even their best people are so clueless that they ca n't keep their guns safely . 
  looks good . 
  check if there 's any call from security to end the speech ? 
  no - situation is contained , continue . 
  this is not from ** a ** news organization and noone is telling you anything , they just provide quick reference in case you do n't have time , will or whatever else to investigate yourself . 
  if you do n't trust them - fine , but there is an utility in something like that for others . 
  not a whole world revolves around your personal needs . 
  the worst of all is when they export this bs abroad , and then we have to deal with shit like climate change denialism in right-wing parties ( or anyone else who feels connection to the republicans ) . 
  nah , it 's not that bad . 
  there were periods when it was much worse , eg . 
  during the peak of the migrant crisis . 
  obviously as with everything , this sub was great when community was smaller , and people spent more time discoussing stuff on a serious basis instead of trolling / trumping / getting into baseless arguments . 
  also : fewer memes , but they were part of r/europe since i remember . 
  still this sub had the highest number of quality , educational , original posts i 've seen anywhere on reddit , so kudos for that . 
  not just produce . 
  produce , deliver to shops and market them . 
  these all 3 factors pushed us to the point where people are fed subpar products while having no real choice . 
  i 'm always amused by these people who deluded themselves into thinking that just producing better product will solve the problem . 
  sadly unregulated capitalism is all about selling worst product at possibly highest profit margins , not the best one at lowest price . 
  and marketing + large sales networks + mass production can safely push these profits up while lowering the quality . 
  it wo n't provide them with an ownership of any satellites . 
  no state owns any individual galileo satellite . 
  it will regulate their commitments till the end of a budget period , so they 'll be able to use the system in that time , but they will not own any specific part of it . 
  technically eu owns all of them . 
  pretty sure trump does n't have clarity what 's his foreign policy either . 
  they 're more focused on industrial espionage . 
  it is , but i would say that it applies to all nordic countries ( well , we could negotiate finland , but before nokia downfall - they definitely were in ` the most successful ' club too , and in many aspects still are ) . 
  we drifted so far away that there 's no point extending the zone any more . 
  corporate interests dominate every country lobbying on financial services . 
   not sure i understand your point correctly , but it 's about number of reuses per first stage , not absolute volume . 
  it 's about both . 
  the lower number of re-launches you build the higher the costs . 
  with the number of flights we 're talking about - 6/year or so for hlv like ariane 64 - you 'd end up having to pay for the entire factories and production lines that output maybe 1 main stage per year , 1 per 2 years . 
  it 's rather absurd waste of resources , not to mention losses of know-how . 
  it 's cheaper to have a steady output of components than reuse & waste money for unused facilities . 
   do you have the source for this ? 
  arianespace does n't publish its prices online , but it 's related to [ this ] ( http://spacenews.com/41023arianespace-ceo-says-price-cuts-are-bearing-fruit/ ) . 
  not much more i can discuss . 
   i think spacex is supply-limited , not demand-limited so is arianespace , at least for the large sats ( for smaller they have soyuz as a backup ) . 
  it changes nothing to the point i was making . 
   well , arianespace needs to cut cost down more to be competetive . 
  first of all : they are already competitive , as i said earlier on . 
  secondly : they do cut prices . 
  already with ariane 5 and soon with ariane 6 . 
  in fact a64 has lower advertised price per kilogram than both : falcon 9 and falcon heavy . 
   when / if it 's finished some time after 2020 closer to 2025 , if they decide to follow through instead of opting for a full reuse of the first stage from callisto-derivative . 
  what 's the deal with this awful editorializing of the title ? 
  the real title is * greeks turn to the black market as another bailout showdown loom * and it 's not about whatever op spewed out there but rather about grey market . 
   greek economy is shrinking first of all : it 's false . 
  and secondly : even the article says in a very first paragraph  the greek economy is finally recovering, 
  are they ? 
  awesome . 
  first time i heard that . 
  any idea when ? 
   breslau ( sue me ) by now i doubt many people would get offended by that . 
  it was a deal in '90s , but nowadays ? 
  i think most people living in wroclaw are cool with foreigners calling it breslau ( obviously it 's far easier to pronounce , and these fears of germans flooding poland to reclaim their old lands after we join eu are long gone ) .
