  another thing you propably should know is that the workers union from sikorsky was heavily involved in supporting l&j during the elections . 
  i 'm always amused by how mr. macierewicz is referring to each offerent - there is pzl mielec , pzl \u015awidnik and ... * caracals * . 
  he 's not talking about aw but rather s70i . 
  dry water , invented in europe ... 
  i 'm amused by this chain : upvotes , upvotes , upvotes , upvotes , downvoted to hell on a first mention that member states beyond the frontier should do something useful . 
  yes . 
  agustawestland bought pzl \u015awidnik , while sikorsky ( now : lockheed martin ) bought pzl mielec . 
  airbus offered to use polish facility , wzl \u0141\u00f3d\u017a - which would also contribute to jobs in poland ( not just in wzl \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , but also by hiring subcontractors and turbomeca starting up makila 2 engine production line in poland for polish caracals ), 
  yes , co-develop , as in : having input from the r&d level onwards , having polish industry manufacture components for the helicopter , and taking parts in profits as well as future upgrades . 
  as i said - ah opened a quite good deal . 
  there 's quite a strong push from germany to involve poland into european defence industry . 
  of course aw is european , but they are a smaller player , with weaker offers in almost all categories , they 're there if you need cheap equipment , not necessarily great . 
  ah is the one working off economy of scale in europe , they provide far more helicopters for more nations than aw does . 
  do n't compare us industry with european , they are two different beasts . 
  sorry for taking shortcuts , i know you could nitpick some parts from my post , but it 's a topic for a much longer discussion , and i do n't have a time for that . 
  they have to start flying by 2018 . 
  if government keeps on delaying that - poland will end up with no multirole helicopters . 
  that 's called airbushelicopters , and polish government seemingly refuses to take part in it , despite of quite good deal offered by ah ( including a window for a co-development of a next generation of tiger if poland would also select tiger for it 's * kruk * programme , and using a polish-owned facility in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a to assemble helicopters ( as opposed to american and italian-owned facilities behind s70i and aw149 ) ) . 
   poland should make helicopters locally together with ukrainians with who ? 
  motor sich has engines , but who in poland is suppose to co-operate with them ? 
  agustawestland has absolutely no interest , despite of 5 + years of nagging from ms. ms even bought a helicopter from aw for their own money to mount their own engines in it and demonstrate that the cooperation is feasible . 
  aw still was n't interested . 
  ukrainians did far more than anyone could reasonably expect from them - and even despite of that there 's absolutely no will from any company in poland to co-manufacture helicopters . 
  leopard 3 will be the one mbt for almost a whole europe . 
  though if memory serves me well - uk opted out . 
  replacements for their old mi-8 and mi-17 , possibly also mi-24 which they retired while ago . 
  afaik they did not specify which exact models they 'd like to purchase . 
  v4 collapsed around early war in ukraine . 
  at the moment it 's just an empty shell . 
  any independent confirmation of the story ? 
  it 's so surreal , that i find it hard to believe . 
   i 'm old enough to remember that football matches were always this way , it was even worse in the 90 's when police could n't handle the hooligans , so was the graphitti . 
  oh , yes , i 'm not comparing it to '90s or '60s , i 'm comparing it to late ' 00s , early ' 10s . 
   these things happen from time to time , today as well as then , but never led to violence towards jews which is the case of western europe . 
  it certainly is n't as bad . 
  it used to be worse after the war , but since regaining democracy it 's been relatively calm . 
  that project is in a fridge for a good few years . 
  unlikely to be worked on ever again . 
   besides that , is n't the arianne rocket one of the more reliable rockets in use today ? 
  yes , it is . 
  by 10-year standard it has a 100 % success rate . 
   project skylon is a reusable spaceplane , i thought i heard they were making progress , recently . 
  progress is mostly focused around the engines . 
  current estimation of a test flight for skylon is around 2025-2030 , we 'll see how it goes , but even if it works well - it 's a different kind of beast than mini-shuttles , ca n't really be compared . 
  it 'd be the first fully reusable ssto ( single-stage-to-orbit ) spacecraft . 
  `` man-rating '' is a nasa standard . 
  esa has no obligation to get it . 
  russian soyuz is not man-rated , yet nasa has no problems using it for iss flights . 
  esa would develop it 's own set of safety standards for manned spaceflight . 
  ariane 5 was built with flying manned shuttle in mind from a day one - it was [ hermes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hermes_%28spacecraft%29 ) , and while project did not come into fruition - launch vehicle itself is perfectly suitable for handling manned flights . 
  the only real problem with launching dc4eu ( europeanized version of dream chaser ) on ariane 5 is in the fact that they do not want to re-certify launch vehicle for flights without fairing , so dc4eu will have to fit inside of fairing - similarly to soyuz . 
  that means that they need to develop foldable wings for dream chaser , as it 's too wide to fit inside . 
  current plan is to fly dc on ariane 5 . 
  for a few years ( noone knows how long exactly ) ariane 5 will be operational in-parallel with ariane 6 , so it wo n't be a problem . 
  as for future adaptation on ariane 6 - it depends what they 'd like to do , either they 'd certify it to fly without fairing on top of the rocket , or they 'd repeat what they 've done with ariane 5 . 
  a64 mission profile is similar to a5 , so it 'd be possible to launch dc4eu onboard a64 without significant changes to the launch vehicle , however they are currently focused on an integration with ariane 5 . 
  meanwhile just a few months a puppet of jew was burnt in wroc\u0142aw , a name of a street to garbage incinerator in pozna\u0144 was to be named after o\u015bwi\u0119cim concentration camp , anti-semite incidents during a football matches happen at least several times a year ( especially during cracovia matches ) , and people name-calling others `` jews '' become a standard in last half a year on various polish forums and in real life . 
  you are right that it 's very verbal and does n't end with real violence , but none the less - situation hugely deteriorated during last year . 
  i still remember talking on this subreddit how rarely if every i see anyone using `` jew '' as an insult in poland - now it somehow became one of the more common insults , not just addressed at politicians , or used in primary schools , but even between regular adults . 
  they started with a bad draft , there was no precedent set . 
  '' * are there any good guys left * '' - depends who you ask , according to many good guys are in the government right now . 
  random fun fact : european space agency communications department ( responsible for promotion and all the outreach activities - they do everything you see as someone from outside of the agency ) is one of the , if not the most underfunded part of esa . 
  new director general hopes to improve the situation , but he is being pushed by the member states to minimize the administrative expenses ( which is where communications department belongs to ) . 
  kind of ironic ... 
  there 's also a matter of [ a raid on a counter-intelligence center ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3xby5z/poland_ousts_head_of_nato_training_center_in/ ) which grossly undermined us trust in poland as a nato member . 
  hehe , i gave up almost instantly any attempts trying to decipher that nonsense . 
   articles that are sensationalized get upvoted well , someone just discovered why tabloids are so popular   what sort of content do you think there should be in / r/europe ? 
    more worship of allah reminders that sharia law is the only true law articles about infidels being burned alive  who is your favourite user in / r/europe ? 
    all the stormfront people troll , level : master  less immigrant threads oh , i would love to see that too , but somehow they refuse to implement a filter that would get rid of that , even if we did have one to get rid of war in ukraine posts . 
   _   what is your opinion of the quality of the discussions in / r/europe ? 
    getting worse over the last couple of months - still better than / r/worldnews +1 to whoever said that . 
  i would also note that it 's mostly singles and nearly 50 % students . 
  it really does say something . 
  two major organizers of the protest were [ fundation panoptykon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panoptykon_foundation ) and [ kod ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/committee_for_the_defence_of_democracy ) . 
  not just kod itself . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.panoptykon.org/about ) you can read about panoptykon from their own site , in english , i dare to say that it 's the largest and most respectable foundation in poland fighting for the freedom in the internet . 
  none the less i admire that there 's already someone jumping here within first 15 minutes to discredit any protests done in poland . 
  '' * did pis have an election promise to crack down on internet crime , promote internet liberty , or neither ? 
  * '' - it was n't a subject during the elections , other than them using a political slogan '' * good change * '' ( `` dobra zmiana '' ) , which , as they now argument , stands also for this law . 
  panoptykon on the other hand explains on their [ petition website ] ( https://dzialaj.akcjademokracja.pl/campaigns/prywatnosc ) ( in polish ) that it is not the case , tl ; dr : they are changing a bad draft worked on by a previous government into an even worse bill . 
  it 's like saying that every pole in poland is threatened by having his hands cut off . 
  which is what happened , more than once , mostly in a circles of pseudo-football-fans . 
  that 's all . 
  on the other hand hate towards homosexuals is fairly common in poland . 
  and it got far worse , especially in last half year or so . 
  same with the hate oriented on a people of darker skin colors . 
  every every lgbt person with at least half a brain would choose germany over poland . 
  / u/daithice is perfectly correct . 
   this has been ongoing for years . 
  in a very limited numbers . 
  what we see happening since crimea is a number of flights unseen since the cold war , many of which being clearly provocative . 
  national * socialism *, 
  it 's unknown if ransom was paid . 
  after 12 days of being stoned poles got bored and went back home . 
  pirates got a hangover to this day . 
  the events that dw is describing were in one of the testimonies made to the police . 
  then it was changed to the one ltburtreynolds quoted . 
  in either way the whole case is highly suspicious of either being an extortion attempt or something happening there that none of the parties involved wants to tell truth about . 
  in which case : dishwashing . 
  majority of people do n't care .
