  our national governments made it legal by inaction . 
   once big players will get preferred lanes they already * can * have them , and in some countries - they * do * have them . 
   there will be no incentive to improve the internet infrastructure and accessibility for an individual consumer this makes no sense - infrastructure is constantly improving , regardless if eu blocks throttling or not . 
   where internet landscape is basically an agreement between nationwide isps , copyright predators , media companies it 's like that in almost every country , only proportions of the influence vary ( eg . 
  in poland isps have an upper hand and eg . 
  orange tends to throttle down youtube when traffic is at its peak ) . 
  in germany it might be less consumer-friendly than elsewhere , but still - it 's nothing unique to germans alone . 
  european council is the closest one . 
  commission is like a government that gets its power from the parliament . 
  problem is that venture capitalists in europe ( not just within eu , europe as a whole ) would never fund projects like google , facebook , instagram , etc. 
  they are very risk-averse , and usually focus on a small projects , almost never funding any large-scale initiatives aimed for global , or even european audience . 
  and that 's not even mentioning two things : catering to european audience is far more difficult than catering to american audience due to language barriers , and vcs usually are more prone to funding apps and online services - good luck with funding other stuff , like tesla , spacex or other emerging industries . 
   nothing will ever change that . 
  wrong . 
  there 's one obvious thing that needs to be done : media have to start doing their fucking job and start questioning this scapegoating of the eu by politicians . 
  fact-checking is the easiest way to kill it . 
  sadly so far - they do n't even fact-check their own articles and scapegoat the eu by themselves . 
   it 's just france that blocks the issue , keeping it as trading chip for the future . 
  my mind is still boggled on how they could do this ... 
  yep . 
  if you 're looking for some exotic holiday - also keep in mind that many of the overseas territories have passport-free movement , eg . 
  french guiana in southern america . 
  what models ? 
  every model from creditable sources i 've seen shows that it will take less than 100 years to equalize , but it is going to equalize . 
  we 've been going through this already - badly misinformed campaign , though the goal they want to achieve in on its own is noble . 
  tl ; dr why it 's misinformed - because there 's no '' * save europe 's internet * '' - all the `` holes '' that they complain about exist in the eu right now , and existed for all these years , yet the internet did not need * saving * . 
  there 's only one country that had these issues resolved - netherlands . 
  for everyone else the new eu law will be a huge improvement over the free-for-all that existed before , without any protections related to net neutrality . 
  new law is far from being perfect , but provides at least some measure of protection . 
   facebook it 's facebook . 
  as far as this crisis goes - eu is the only party that actually seems competent and prepared . 
   resign and call for immediate elections . 
  this imho would be the best way to go . 
  when i heard his short speech where he resigned i was certain that this is exactly what will follow . 
  if anything - i 'm surprised that brits have n't already scheduled the elections . 
  if i would n't know better i would say that it 's an excellent lesson for people across europe and us . 
  but then i know the fact that media out here do n't really report on what 's happening in uk or how populists fucked people over , so noone will get that lesson aside of few people interested in politics beyond our own borders . 
  are they ? 
  so far the only thing upset i 've seen are some media and few commentators ( even if they 're from the governments - it 's still not an official position of the government ) . 
  afaik no parliament took an official position on a matter . 
  it has to be agreed by national leaders ( that 's the european council to be specific , but i call it * national leaders * to avoid pointless arguments on whether council is democratic or not ) , i do n't know if any of the leaders can veto it nor if anyone would even want to , most likely it 'd be resolved in a way of consensus , like it often is . 
  national parliaments can not veto this specific decision , but if they 'd be voting on a trade deal itself - any one parliament voting against ceta would de facto veto it . 
  in fact the whole point junker is making is to accelerate the process by skipping the lengthy voting in individual parliaments . 
  if prime ministers agree then it 's highly unlikely parliaments would oppose it , so junker thinks we might just get on with it . 
  also it 's important to remember that regardless of what happens - ceta still will need to be voted on by the european parliament , so it 's not like commission and council can enact a trade deal on their own . 
   when i hear that juncker seeks to sneak ceta past the european commission and the national parliaments , he does not . 
  it 's a proposal that needs to have a green light from the national leaders before it becomes reality . 
  people should stop overestimating power juncker has - he ca n't do shit without a permission from the national leaders , and even then it needs to be approved by the parliament . 
  even if we assume that he 'd be ready to give it up - which is highly unlikely - no one country on its own can make it work . 
  it 'd need to have a wide support across the union , which for this particular demand is impossible to obtain . 
  \\ #makekingdomofenglandgreatagain !, 
   long before political correctness that would be when ? 
  oh yea , they left a lasting , positive impression even among people who are n't into this whole euro/football thing . 
  really great guys . 
   the baltic sea can be a highway for logistics to the baltics easier said than done - it 's within striking range of russian air force , russian baltic fleet and russian land-based anti-ship missiles . 
  but you rightfully pointed out that the minefields will certainly be an important factor in any potential conflict , only more likely russians will mine baltic states first , given the fact that they 'd be aggressors . 
  modern programmable mines are a pain - that 's also the reason why all navies in baltic have an unusually well-develop fleets of minesweepers . 
   so technically poland would n't be touched . 
  current consensus among military leaders in poland is that any aggression on baltic states is an existential threat to poland and must immediately be met with response of our army . 
  we 're in nato and we have to comply with article 4 or otherwise we loose any defence guarantees we have . 
  the only unknown is our new , insane , minister of defence - so i can not tell for sure what response there would be , but rest assured that simply going along the border on lithuanian side wo n't mean that poland will just ignore it . 
  alright , thanks for explanation !, 
  not really . 
  nuclear warheads are really expensive to build and maintain comparing to conventional explosives . 
  russia has several ballistic missiles which use conventional warheads by default , with an option to swap them for nuclear when needed . 
  it also makes it far more difficult for the enemy to fight , and you never know which incoming warhead is nuclear , if any . 
  the thing about suvalkai/suwalki corridor is that before russian would manage to block it - baltic states would be lost . 
  and if they 'd attempt to block it - poland can shell anything on it + half of the kaliningrad with artillery . 
  it 's not a position that can be effectively blocked without constant , intensive exchange of fire , and that would lead to a large scale war , not just an invasion of baltics , so holding this one location would n't be that relevant any more . 
  so by the time corridor is blocked - you guys would be screwed and an entire nato would be at war . 
  it 's called north * atlantic * treaty organization for a reason ... 
  weird ... on a few levels . 
  i ca n't recall a single case in poland where party leader would be voted out and yet refused to leave , remaining in place till whenever . 
  here if party leader is voted out - he is out , he does n't have any say in that . 
  he gets his power from the support of a party - if that 's gone then guy is gone . 
  it should not . 
  delays would only be seen as a sign of incompetence and inability to act , only fuelling euroscepticism . 
  right now pretty much everyone call for a reform , even eurosceptic parties , like current government of poland , it 's a perfect time for a propositions like that , to seize the opportunity . 
  mind you , it 's just a proposition , so the final direction remains to be seen . 
  yes , how dare germans have any proposition of how eu can evolve !, 
  burn them !, 
  burn them with fire !, 
  wait , what ? 
  he lost a confidence vote and refused to leave ? 
  how 's that going to work ? 
  he did n't thought this through , did he ? 
  leaders of the eu member states ( aka . 
  european council ) would have to agree on that . 
  ttip has to be ratified by all eu member states - in a current situation i can not see that happening - and eu parliament - which currently is on the edge , waiting to see a final version of the document . 
  if us wo n't scuttle the deal then there 's relatively high probability that eu will . 
  i do n't know , but i 've seen leavers repeating over and over and over again how eu is blocking uk from getting tremendous tread deals and how they 'll make a yuuuge deals with the world . 
  they certainly wanted to have an independent trade policy . 
  over 17 million people voted to leave . 
  it 's both , of course . 
  i did n't vote . 
  see my flair . 
  only british citizens could vote in a referendum . 
  but if i could - i would vote remain , of course . 
  most games with their own launchers use bittorrent for downloads . 
  it was n't banned before the rules , it is n't banned after the rules .
