  technically speaking a lot of professions get subsidy from your or my country . 
  obviously all these related to the security , health , military , education - they get cash from the government either directly or indirectly . 
  indirectly it can be done through subsidies to the sales of their products ( like medicine ) as opposite to giving them money directly ( though often they do get government grants on top of indirect subsidies , eg . 
  for cancer research ) . 
  it actually goes even further than just subsidies - vast majority of the professional scientists are paid in full by the government . 
  the most significant scientific endeavors are done with a tax money . 
  cern was n't built by a partnership of wizz air and tesco - it was paid by a group of european governments . 
  there are some matters , like scientific progress or a food supply , that are of a strategic importance for the governments , and i find nothing wrong with the fact that they are subsidized with my money . 
  could be . 
  either this or they feed these chickens with something different . 
   from what i found , cap had a negative effect on nature and health and food prices . 
  anecdotal evidence goes both ways . 
  i doubt any of us can provide objective statistics for an answer on '' * why is the quality of food in europe ( wheat , fruit , vegetables ) substantially higher than in canada/usa ? 
  * '' so all we 're left with is basically an anecdotal evidence , either your or mine , that 's pretty much what we have . 
   except that gmo 's have been prohibited in many areas , and people are willing to pay more for organic . 
  aside from those 2 considerations , farmers use many gmo 's , where it makes sense to use them . 
  and in a regions where gmos are legal - they still are not being used in a 100 % . 
  and there 's hardly anywhere where not-using gmo would make more sense than using it . 
  london is a special child , really . 
  as far as i 'm concerned - it might just as well be an independent country . 
  i would n't use it as a benchmark for british bread quality , especially if you praise variety which mostly comes from various migrants baking their own kinds of bread . 
   assumes that farmers do n't want to make as much money as they can yes . 
  they do n't . 
  if they would - the only food farmed would be gmo , which is most profitable per hectare . 
  especially in the areas that have a high risk of being struck by floods , high winds , or late spring sub-zero temperatures . 
   i 'd focus on health regulations and requirements more than the fact the effect of cap . 
  both matter . 
  from what i heard though cap really makes a difference , health regulations on the other hand have a very bumpy history in being followed or not . 
   hurt smaller farms and rewarded larger farms . 
  it 's far more complicated than you try to picture it . 
  i would say : it benefited larger farms more than smaller . 
  but it really depends on what specific product you are talking about . 
  in some cases it benefited smaller farmers more than larger , in other cases it hurt everyone , and in a different cases it was exactly as you say . 
   trondheim [ the first image that popped on google ] ( http://www.dave-derbis.de/images/photos/trondheim.jpg ) . 
  i have no clue why the heck would anyone need a ~ ~ lift ~ ~ escalator in there . 
  it 's thanks to [ cap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_agricultural_policy ) . 
  i know there are tons of cap opponents on this reddit , so i fully expect to be down-voted , but a part of my family are farmers selling food to the markets and that 's basically the reason . 
  they do n't have to push for absolutely top-end profits in order to sustain themselves , which means that they can afford growing food that tastes great , not just grows in a huge quantity , and lower the use of pesticides & fertilizers comparing to what they 'd have to do if they were constantly pushed financially to the edge by market networks . 
  cap also means that being a small farmer is a doable way of living . 
  you do n't really see an enormous farms like you do in the us . 
  that translates to a higher variety and by this - to a healthier environment in which your food grows . 
  there was a lwt episode touching on some of the issues with us farming . 
  i believe this was the one : [ lwt : chickens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9whzt6gbgi ) pps . 
  for me food in england is rather bad by european standards ( especially bread ... jesus , it 's awful . 
  also chicken got this weird after-taste that i 'm not used to ) . 
  it 's similar in urban france , though i never got a chance to spend more time there to get a real taste - might be just that i got unlucky . 
  oh , and keep in mind that i 'm from poland , so it might be a matter of what i 'm used to , but if you 'd give me a free range chicken from central or eastern europe and a one from uk - i 'd always find central/eastern european one to be better . 
  project fear was running on a top gear for quite a while now . 
  jesus would not be proud seeing that modern * devout christian * logic . 
  just get over it and jump into usual reddit idea of solving migrant crisis : [ automated gun turrets ] ( http://www.wired.com/2008/12/israeli-auto-ki/ ), 
  welcome to the 2nd decade of xxi century , where facts are `` opinions '' . 
  you have no idea how often i see people posting bs like like that . 
  i feel like a human kind devolved in last 10 years or so , with average iq decreasing fast . 
  i like to call it pro-truth , but whatever . 
  i do n't know the exact plans of a current mod , but few ideas existed . 
  one of them was to get a tracked ifv up to 25t with an ability to swim and a higher caliber gun ( this one was pushed for a long , long time ) . 
  alternative suggestion was to purchase a heavier vehicles to supplement [ kto rosomak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kto_rosomak ) . 
  30-40mm turret , heavier armor , higher tonnage , basically a [ cv-90 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combat_vehicle_90 ) in terms of capabilities and role . 
  what idea do they have today ? 
  i do n't know , did n't track it too carefully , not really my area of interest . 
   well yeah , i mean in general . 
  why isnt poland part of the puma or the leoclerc program ? 
  as for puma - did n't have money for that at the time , and bwp was good enough ( this project dates back to '90s , back then poland really struggled to turn communist economy into something usable ) . 
  as for leopard 2/leclerc successor - polish defense industry has literally nothing to offer . 
  if you 'd go strawman - the very top end of a few selected components we can design and build is comparable with leopard 2a5 , if you 'd push it - 2a6 . 
  our contribution might be financial , but then on the other hand - our armored divisions are currently some of the best financed , while other suffer , there 's hardly any justification for spending even more money to support them instead of any other branch . 
  just get to the point already - potato , please . 
  you know you ca n't avoid it forever . 
  in polish it retained the original pronunciation . 
  it 's still '' * hefalump * '' . 
  ( purely by coincidence - the latter part - * lump * in polish means hobo . 
  though hefalump just sounds funny , so ... 
  i guess translators did n't feel like turning it into something else ... which is a surprisingly rare occurrence considering a rather universal tendency to twist almost everything , eg . 
  dirty dancing movie is a * spinning sex * according to polish translators ) . 
  in this very specific case - i 'd be all for scrapping the whole patriot deal , and getting meads instead . 
  poland wanted to buy a heavily customized variant of patriot ng that in the end was still inferior to what meads offers , the price being obviously : longer development and numerous complications from now all the way to any possible future modernisation efforts . 
  it was the worst decision of previous mod made , largely explained by the political motivations instead of having any factual value . 
  that said though - mod did not make any official decision yet , it looks more like an attempt to revise the contract in order to get better terms and show it to the public how they managed to get raytheon invest in one additional factory , or something like that . 
   this money will be spent on infrastructure instead of some rockets no . 
  there are 2 scenarios : either it 'd be redirected to a different programme , or if mod can not spend it in a fiscal year - it 's send back to the government to lower the national deficit in a given year ( though it would n't be anywhere near covering all of it ) . 
  the quality of british border controls in no way will be affected by whether uk says in the eu or goes out of it . 
  you are not a part of schengen zone , never were . 
  true . 
  does n't mean it 's a crucial data . 
  as said - if it 'd be nearly as important as you imagine you 'd see cameras on every rocket , meanwhile in reality they are quite rare , pretty much only us does that . 
  there are far smarter people working on these rockets than you think , be assured that they thought about it and found them not to be necessary . 
  cameras onboard the rockets are rarely useful , their field of view and perspective is way too limited . 
  it 's mostly telemetry and launch pad cameras that are used in investigations . 
  these onboard serve mostly for a pr department . 
  if their value in investigations would be as high as you and the other poster imply - you 'd see them on every rocket . 
  you have no idea the earthquake it would cause in pis if sanders would become the next president . 
  he is like a personification of things they hate , and at the same time they promote us as the greatest polish ally ... oh man , that confusion would be hilarious . 
  shame that sanders politics towards central europe are more isolationist than anything , cause that could create a whole new level of absurd in politics of our region . 
  they hope for a friendly relations with trump . 
  current rhetoric in media linked with pis is very pro-trumpet , so they prepare a ground for their new * ally * ( though i 'm not sure if trump knows about it ... ) . 
  to be fair - it 's not only them , previous president was very much pushing for having not just bases with us troops , but also british , french , canadian , and whoever else would want to be involved . 
  say what you want , but imho it is a better solution than us-only bases . 
  in deed . 
  it was more of a result of various financial complications but still ... 
  i find it very disappointing .
