  you got the point there . 
  i was referring to '' * most europeans are considered the same race * '' quote though . 
  just like in georgia ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template:russian_conflicts make your pick . 
  well , on that basis - every country in europe is made of non-europeans . 
  cause every country got immigrants these days . 
  lol, 
  do n't know - i do n't read guardian . 
  just metro when they smack it in my face on a crossing  . 
  i guess they want to get some new audience ? 
  the `` post-war atmosphere '' was pretty much all the time till '80s or so . 
  soviet propaganda did n't let it go . 
  poland dropped from 11 to 18th spot . 
  i disapprove . 
  uk most certainly wo n't lift a finger to help ukraine , no matter what . 
  there 's literally nothing for them in there . 
  france and germany might do something cause they and their close trading partners use ukrainian pipeline system and ukraine is important for their geopolitics . 
  usa is involved in almost every single conflict in the world anyway ( cia is already actively involved in ukraine supporting protesters - famous `` i am a ukrainian '' video was produced ( indirectly ) by cia ) so they most certainly will have a voice there too . 
  poland is a big question mark though - if next elections will be won by radically anti-russian party pis ( which seems to be on it 's way to the victory ) poland might also involve it 's armed forces which are far more modern than ukrainian and poland got long ties with ukraine - not as strong as russia , but huge part of modern ukraine used to be poland and many poles got families in ukraine ( myself included ) - you can already see some poles wishfully thinking about `` taking back '' western ukraine ( imho it deserves going to the `` top-10 of most idiotic ideas '' list in last 20 years of modern poland ) . 
  question is how far will it escalate ? 
  i doubt we 'll see any regular war . 
  russians are waaaay too good in behind the scenes politics . 
  they might do what they did last time - just wait till next elections in 4 years or so and try to grab power back in their own hands . 
  they got everything they might dream of : large portion of population supporting them , money to sponsor whoever they want , control over media , expertise in affecting public opinion and a leader that 's determined to keep ukraine in russian sphere of influence . 
  well , people actively harming themselves is not just a problem of a single country . 
  heck : not even eu but rather a global issue . 
  though eu is doing what it can . 
   most europeans are considered the same race . 
  most ? 
  and which are not ? 
  ( unless you think that `` white british '' race that only brits knowledge is an actual thing ), 
  you do n't `` use '' your diplomatic immunity - it 's something that applies to you by default if you have a diplomatic passport . 
  loooooooooool, 
  which imho is complete bs that does n't really have any practical value what so ever while only makes conflict much harder to solve . 
  if you mention slovakia - the reason why i went there for my summer holidays instead of czech was because of euro - i still got some from my last trip , so it was cheaper for me to go there ( less feeding of the exchange parasites ) . 
  even though czech republic is slightly closer to the place where i live in . 
  i wonder how many other people make similar choices when it comes to tourism ... or more importantly : investments . 
  most importantly : people do n't like change . 
  even more so : they do n't like a change to something that gets bad pr . 
  crowd is unable of long-term thinking . 
  and it 's a food for british euro-sceptics . 
  you must remember that the guardian is british newspaper and right now everything makes eu look like a tool in hands of germans automatically gains applause in there . 
  regardless how much of a bs it is . 
  when he saw a diplomatic passport , he had not to be satisfied that he wo n't be able to demonstrate his power over me , a passenger from eastern europe . 
  giving me the passport he used the word `` raus '' . 
  this word worked on me a bit like red rag to a bull . 
  i 'm still the generation that remembers the atmosphere of post-war and `` raus '' in poland is associated with the german arrogance , not with a polite civil servant . 
  ukraine is much more difficult target then any other country russia attacked in recent years . 
  they have proper professional army with combat experience , proper special forces and a motivation . 
  yea , huge majority of their gear is old , but it 's not like russians are up-to-date either . 
  so imho russia would n't dare to actually go for a war with ukraine . 
  it 'd mean sending regular soldiers in there to fight and kill - many of which got families , friends or business partners in ukraine . 
  however if they would send their army in - i doubt either eu or us would stand up to defend ukraine . 
  there 's just no business in that just like there was n't one in defending georgia . 
  and all russians would want for now is crimea , not a whole ukraine . 
  crimea which mostly is inhabited by russians anyway . 
  yea , there might be treaties that make eu and us obliged to defend ukrainian integrity ( it 's what ukrainians negotiated for giving up post-soviet nuclear weapons ) , but it 's not like [ they have a stellar record in that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) . 
  yep , that 's a very important fact many forget : ukraine basically a bilingual country . 
  from those who speak russian many identify themselves as native ukrainians . 
  more likely he just wants crimea . 
  basically : georgia all over again . 
  take what he wants and label it as an `` independent '' country ( crimea already had separatists before riots - only back then they were margin , now with russian funding and military backing they quickly raise in power ), 
  actually - since last year or so : poland can go into space . 
  we 've become esa member . 
  hey , i live in uk now , not really ireland , but i can give you one simple reason why it is this way : - polish girls are very attractive to irish people , perhaps even more than their own girls ( plently of stereotypes for that , including `` warm home '' , `` caring '' , `` hard-working '' , etc. ), 
  - british and irish girls are rather unattractive to poles while polish girls are generally precieved as very attractive by poles . 
  so simply put - irish girls do n't stand a competition . 
  it 's kinda sad , especially because irish accent is amazingly great ( my favourite ) , but somehow it just happens that both - mentally and physically polish man find it rather difficult to fall in love with islanders . 
  as for red-heads : poles are more attracted to dyed redheads than natural . 
  i 'm yet to see that guy ... 
  well , archeology and genetics do n't lie . 
  nah , that changed quite a bit since we got into eu . 
  i 'm yet to see a german that would n't be nice to me because of my nation . 
  hehe , i cant wait to see their reaction to a city that we consider ` clean ' , 
  oh ... so damn true . 
  only time where i hear something negative about ukraine or ukrainian people is when people with nationalist point of view are involved . 
  i really hope they wo n't end up being loudest in a crowd !, 
  fun fact : anna grodzka is the only democratically elected transgender politician in the world . 
  i think these nationalist issues between lithuanians and poles are mostly in older generations . 
  i was tough in a school that our commonwealth was the golden age for both : polish and lithuanian people , something both of our nations should be proud of as back in the day we made the largest country in europe , and certainly one of most powerful . 
  i know that polish minority in lithuania sometimes seems to be slightly aggressive , but tbh : i ca n't blame them when i hear that lithuanians force poles to abandon their names and use lithuanian spelling for them ( which is ridiculous - now when i live as an immigrant in uk noone even considered anything like that and they approach topic with respect , probably more of it than i have ) . 
  still though i think this whole conflict between polish and lithuanian people is a huge bubble that grew up from some negative propaganda of the governments . 
  i really hope that next generation of people will learn to enjoy bright sides of our join venture in commonwealth era trying to build a friendly relations in modern world , cause after all - that 's what matters now . 
  who we are today , in 21st century . 
  not who we were in 17th century . 
   the study came up with surprises concerning radicalization factors . 
  it confirms that in 30 percent of the cases , the internet played an initial role in the radicalization process , but that friends ( 37 percent ) and contacts in the mosques ( 33 percent ) seemed to be even more significant than the web . 
  how is that surprising ? 
  people been saying that for years now , only officials insisted that it 's all up to internet to push the internet surveillance further and further . 
  the answer to lack of results from mass surveillance is ... more mass surveillance . 
  laughable, 
  2003 = 34 , 2013 = 30.2 in a 10 years period it went significantly down . 
  eu-wide it was more-or-less the same . 
   are relatively poorer , yes . 
  yea , last time when i was relatively rich - it was in the '80s . 
  in fact : by the relative wealth i was much , much better off than i am now . 
  but you know what ? 
  fuck that . 
  i want to be relatively poorer . 
  wealth gap means i actually can have some wealth instead of having everyone poor as fuck .
