   there are n't really any indian ghettos i been in leicester , which is a city with largest indian percentage of population in uk , and there was quite clear divide between neighborhoods where brits live , neighborhoods where indians live and mixed . 
  so let 's say that we have a different experience . 
  yes , you got it right . 
  afaik there 's very few studies done about integration as such . 
  so i doubt we could find anything to prove that it 's this or the other way around or that there 's some equality . 
  that 's why it 'd be an interesting subject for a degree - it 's pretty much an uncharted territory . 
  no idea where from you got that quote , but it was n't the post above . 
  it is a show for press . 
  you do n't really do an actual exercise shooting live ammunition while reporters run around . 
   also both poland and serbia are heavily religious and socially conservative . 
  that 's got relatively little to deal with culture and more with the events during communism - at the same time czechs became less religious than almost any other country in europe , so it 's not like a mix of communism with `` slavic culture '' gives you some similar , unique results - it does n't . 
  and if you 'll look back in a history you 'll find that while the rest of the europe was burning people for their beliefs at the stake - poland was putting in place [ laws to protect religious minorities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_religion#poland ) . 
  and i thought it 's hungarian traditions that add +200 % core creation ... 
   basically the whole world ( minus china , india , japan , africa , middle east ) is european . 
  in a way , yes , you are very much right about that . 
   it turns out when you give people the chance to integrate with our society , after some initial teething period , they actually do . 
  who would have thought ? 
  poles integrate very well with brits for numerous reasons and it 's a very complex process . 
  but i know polish immigrants whose children are british in every way but the birthplace of their parents . 
  heck - for polish parents in uk the biggest issue is to make their children want to learn polish and remember culture of their parents , not the other way around . 
  what makes me curious is if poles integrate better than , say , bulgarians or romanians , and if so - then what are the real reasons behind it ? 
  might be quite interesting subject for masters degree if anyone is looking for one . 
   yeah , but slavic speaking countries do n't all share borders these that do n't share borders do n't share any similarities . 
  i assure you that poland culturally got more in common with france than already mentioned serbia or any of the balkan `` slavic cultures '' . 
  and we never shared border with either of them . 
   i 'm talking here specifically about factors that are a result of the languages oh , you seem to think that these factors do exist . 
  ok then , so please , tell me what specifically these similarities would be , that are a * result of the languages * ? 
   that still does n't necessarily mean that slavic speaking cultures do not share some cultural aspects with each other that they ( largely ) do n't share with other cultures . 
  same can be said about any 2 neighbour nations or nations that at least in some longer period in a history shared borders . 
  due to historical reasons - it gets even stronger if they shared the same religion . 
  [ i would disagree with that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_united_states ) . 
  it 's a young nation comparing to most of european nations , but they certainly do have a history and culturally belong somewhere . 
  if us is so willing - we might give them all new immigrants to the eu for at least a year . 
  is it ? 
  us is far more european than russia - it 's basically a direct offspring of western europe . 
  in quite a literal way ( white population of us mostly has some grand - ( ... ) - grand parents in western europe ), 
   also russia has it 's own culture that 's imho the most accurate description . 
  culturally russia created something of it 's own , that does n't really hold to the continental borders . 
  yes , it was influenced by europe , but so were many other non-european cultures on other continents . 
   cultures that speak slavic languages speaking this language or the other does n't make a culture . 
   certain cultural connection between people that speak similar languages you 'd be surprised . 
  poland got traditional , centuries long cultural connection with hungary and their language is nothing like polish . 
   `` slavic culture '' is totally abstract term in a current state of things . 
  it 's something russia tried to promote in 19th century and later during the days of communism , but the reality is that `` slavic culture '' does n't really exist . 
  links between russian , polish and serbian cultures - all considered slavic - are fewer and thinner than a links between czech , german cultures for example . 
  next line :  the ones who do get a residence permit are most likely to move down south , they are not going back to africa . 
  they are just moving to warmer regions of sweden , or other eu countries . 
  it 's similar situation to the one in bulgaria , where many people who are granted a right to stay go to germany or uk . 
   we ( uk ) send aid to other places than africa of course . 
  i 'm not saying eu sends aid only to africa . 
  to give an interesting example : eu sends aid to donbass region to help people there who have no food or water ( and in the end people still call it a `` russian aid '' as exposed by vice russian roulette ) . 
   it either needs controlling by someone other than the africans themselves or we need to consider eliminating the smugglers and their craft militarily , in the next few days . 
  controlling by someone else wo n't work , because of colonialism . 
  and eliminating smugglers is what eu is trying to do and is about to significantly intensify it 's efforts . 
  of course they do . 
  it 's estimated that smuggling * industry * is worth [ billions ] ( http://www.unodc.org/toc/en/crimes/migrant-smuggling.html ) of dollars . 
  but it 's significantly increasing costs , makes it more complicated , and there 's only as many boats as they can get each year . 
   eu should consider diverting all foreign aid budget to solve this problem . 
  that 's a bad idea . 
  foreign aid is there to make life in africa better . 
  so that we would n't have to struggle with millions of refugees in a first place . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20100120/24496 ) , kiruna , 145km north of the arctic circle in sweden . 
   i would n't like to live anywhere else . 
  i love the little village we live in . 
  my children do n't want to move either . 
  from the story it looks like initial shock quickly wears off . 
  let 's face it - living conditions in danish refugee camp ( even on greenland ) would be by far better than in bulgarian , and these would be better than refugee camps in morocco . 
  they 'd most likely end up in air-conditioned equivalents to 2-star hotels in bulgaria ( that said though - i doubt bulgarian 2-star hotels got air conditioning in a first place , cause polish do n't ) . 
  what is viewed in nordic countries as horrible , inhumane conditions causing public uproar is how many poor people in central , eastern or southern europe live like . 
  i seen photos from closed lampedusa refugee camp after public and eu outrage over the conditions there and i can tell you that there was n't anything in there that you would n't see in some poorest villages in , say , romania - only life in that village is by far more miserable than a life in refugee camp . 
  in camp you have hope for a better life in several months or a year . 
  in a village noone has any hope . 
  you underestimate public outrage if even one immigrant would freeze to death . 
  be it because he escaped or because heaters went down . 
  they did n't wanted to antagonize russia . 
  that 's also why usa was n't invited . 
  poland is viewed by russian diplomacy as one of the most active countries playing against their every interest and if sputniknews is anything to judge by - russians view poland as a country that 's antagonizing russia to the whole eu . 
  it 's clearly very short-sighted view , but understandable from a historical point of view ( eg . 
  see [ unity day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unity_day_%28russia%29 ) ) . 
  germany and france on the other hand are viewed as more neutral parties . 
  italy already tried a `` setup '' of refugee camps that worked as a `` deterrence factor '' on it 's own land . 
  [ here is how it ended ] ( https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2011/10/lamp-o10.html ) . 
  i dare to doubt that . 
  it 'd still be viewed as a trip to denmark . 
  even if a very cold part of it . 
  morocco on the other hand is a country with a very strict laws that already , naturally learned how to manage migrants simply because borders with morocco can be crossed by foot and it 's an african country . 
  i assure you that being a migrant in morocco is far worse than being a migrant in refugee camp on greenland . 
   in my scenario , the camps would not be in north africa ( not safe enough ) , but in places like french guyana , or greenland . 
  that 's crazy-expensive . 
  just make these camps in a safe countries . 
  despite of what reddit believes in - there are countries in africa that are n't war-torn . 
   they will just get on the next boat , and keep doing it until they get in . 
  that 's why the new eu initiative has a plan of sinking these boats after rescuing people . 
  sooner or later smugglers will run out of things that float . 
  so what , nothing should be done in their own countries and over 1 billion people should migrate to germany , france , sweden and uk ( cause apparently poland is n't good enough for them ) ? 
  i 'm quite sure it 'd be viewed as nothing more than a return of colonialism and that would open a whole new can of worms . 
  even if it 'd be done with most noble intentions and in most competent way . 
  we got our own [ spirit ] ( http://xenna.com.pl/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/soplica-spirytus-nalewkowy-desktop-resolution.jpg ) , 
   why in the summer 2014 , did many prominent polish politicians claim that ( ... ) `` germans are putin 's greatest ally '' ? 
  i do n't recall anyone saying anything like that .
