  according to polls national movement got less then 1 % of voters support . 
  not a slightest chance to get into the parliament . 
   the rivalry between them is set to lead to further fragmentation on the right . 
  extremely doubtful . 
  consolidation before the elections is far more likely - that 's how mentioned national movement was born : from consolidating various local groups of far-right nationalists . 
   if one of these parties loses significantly , it may not survive . 
  but the winner will hold a monopoly on poland 's left for the years ahead . 
  not gon na happen either . 
  both parties will survive . 
  they got way too much support , and public is getting more and more opposed to the struggle between just two parties : pis and po which take most of the attention from media . 
  none of the left-wing parties will win the elections , but whoever wins - tr or sld - might form a coalition with po to form a government after next elections . 
  and one more thing : russia signed treaty to defend territorial integrity of ukraine . 
  that includes crimea being integral part of ukraine . 
   this means that theoretically , the uk is less free than it was before the eu . 
  yea , the great firewall of cameron , and mass surveillance are certainly to blame . 
  sorry , but uk limits freedom of it 's own citizens by far more then eu ever will . 
  sad truth . 
  paper will take anything that written on it . 
  russians proved over and over again that it 's just that : paper . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's enough support for this case among nato members . 
  ukraine is not a member of nato and loosing crimea alone is something west can live with if at the same time they 'll gain rest of ukraine . 
  just to remind you - so far russia did nothing outside of crimea itself - imho they do n't want anything else but the peninsula . 
  as for poland - poland got a problem that it 's always warning west against russians , so long that they slowly get ignored . 
  countries like germany , france or uk do n't really understand mentality of russian government and they way too often assume * good will * . 
  exactly what i was about to say - in every way these guys look like russian troops , not ukrainian nor random militia using weapons bought on a black market . 
  good work sir spotting it . 
   the russian black sea fleet is a damn strong naval force for a body of water that size . 
  it 's not . 
  black sea fleet is - strategically - a fleet for both : black and mediterranean sea . 
  and that makes it rather underwhelming . 
  especially if you consider that almost every ship they got remembers cold war in both : design and weapons . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_sea_fleet#list_of_black_sea_fleet_ships compare that for example with italian navy that serves only mediterranean sea : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_italian_navy_ships the gap in power is enormous . 
  italians could wipe a floor with black sea fleet probably without loosing even a single ship . 
  one of the rumors says that khruschev was drunk while giving crimea to ukraine , and when he got sober - it was already too late to cancel the deal . 
  answer yourself this : is all of the gas going through nord stream , or ukrainian pipeline is still a blood stream for large part of europe ? 
  ( small hint : gas going through nord stream is n't a subject to all of the transfer fees that other pipelines are , so there 's no reason not to use nord stream as much as possible ), 
  foolish me . 
  got used to talk with people that can be swayed by argumentation . 
   this could only happen if the conglomerate had help from the government who actually can force people to do something . 
  you seriously think that monopolies are created only by governments ? 
  and if you 'd bother to click `` wage slavery '' link i made you 'd read there that it 's '' * quasi-voluntary slavery * '' - government would n't have to force anyone into anything . 
   why would the officer even say ` raus ! ', 
  ( ` out ! ' ) ? 
  read the other posts in this topic . 
  border control officers on some airports ai n't particularly kind . 
  and apparently guy in topic would n't be the first one ever to encounter such behaviour . 
   thanks for sharing , i have never heard of someone basing their vacation destination on exchange rate risk or related expense . 
  it 's not about exchange risk . 
  it 's about using commonly-accepted currency . 
  look at it from this perspective : * citizens of every single country using euro are automatically more inclined to visit slovakia then czech republic simply because it 's cheaper for them , costs much less hassle , and it 's easier for them to figure out prices in relation to their own payments . 
  * citizens of countries around euro zone are more inclined to visit countries using euro if they had some money from their previous visits and/or they conduct business with countries in euro zone . 
   you can usually minimize the costs by using local atms or credit cards that dont charge foreign exchange fees . 
  there 's no way to exchange currency without fees . 
  spread is always there . 
  that 's how they earn money . 
   when was the last time you did n't send your child to school ? 
  when was the last time you drove a car without the security thing which name i forgot ? 
  xd so that 's a slavery ? 
  as i said earlier : loooooooooool, 
  i highly recommend reading that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia%e2%80%93georgia_war#independent_international_fact-finding_mission situation was by far more complex then just russians defending themselves . 
   it 's obvious that if people will see a company is bad - they wo n't buy their products . 
  plenty of examples to confirm ( yay tabacco industry )  we all are slaves right now . 
  weak up . 
  just to remind you , here 's a definition of slavery :  * slavery is a system under which people are treated as property to be bought and sold , and are forced to work * noone is forcing you to work , noone is buying or selling you . 
  right now in poland there 's approximately 10.2 % of people who do n't work but could have . 
  and if you want - you are free to go anywhere and do pretty much anything ( especially if your destination is on a pacific or in south america ) . 
  yea , some of the stuff will require learning , passing tests confirming you are worthy , perhaps also having some experience but in no way you are a slave . 
  though - seeing that post it 's quite clear that you 're a perfect target group for knp . 
  good that there is a party representing people like you - many poles do n't have that privilege - but personally i 'm happy that it stays out of parliament . 
  then comes the cabbage conglomerate and you 're not selling anything at all but rather forced into working for a gigantic food industry ( they got lower prices and better quality thanks to mass production and optimization that you 'll never be able to achieve yourself ) . 
  economic inequality goes out of proportion and after few years your village is forced into [ wage slavery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wage_slavery ) . 
  well , russians - or ( depending where you go ) every central and eastern europeans - get exactly the same only other way around : commies , stalin and vodka . 
  i guess one more generation will have to pass for people to stop judging each other by where their grandparents lived or what they did . 
  borderline liberalism is as bad as borderline socialism . 
  luckily : we 're not forced into black & white world . 
  besides - i do n't have time to teach you basics . 
  not at all , really . 
  that 's an understanding on a level of a primary school , nothing more . 
  person that likes to have a realistic view on a world and got some deeper understanding of world-wide politics and more importantly : economy . 
  but yes - i am proud from being european , just like i am proud from being pole . 
  if you try to suggest that these two exclude each other - they do n't . 
  [ not exactly half ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702304644104579193992459983238 ) . 
  that was truth year ago , not any more . 
  besides - situation is really much more complicated then it seems . 
  ukrainians are very proud of their independence - even pro-russian people think of them as a brotherhood nation , but a separate one . 
  they wo n't stand russians taking over ukraine just like that . 
  obviously one leads to another . 
  `` almost one in eight potential voters -- had signed wednesday a petition to demand a referendum on the pursuit of eu membership '' - holly shit . 
  you got some serious democracy going there !, 
  1 out of 8 voters willingly signed non-government petition for . . well ... 
  anything ?!, 
  now that 's something unseen here on the continent . 
  be proud - even for that one reason . 
  glue ? 
  no , it 's solvent . 
  that 's a timeline of everything since 15th century till 21st century . 
  ok : almost everything - only conflicts where russia sent their army . 
  unofficial involvement is n't shown on that list . 
  and russia-georgia war was started by russia which unlawfully had it 's armed forces supporting puppet - `` government '' on georgian territory . 
  all that georgia did was attempting to take back lands that lay within it 's borders .
