  is a very clever mind game to push an agenda that 's very much opposite to the democratic process . 
  it 's trying to give a significant power in a hands of small minorities ( eu has over 500 million people ) . 
  my favourite quote :  i feel it is morally wrong to slaughter members of one sentient species to protect members of another just because they are regarded as aliens . 
  someone 's anthropomorphising hard . 
   received with little gratitude given the most likely polish election results . 
  that 's a nonsense . 
  result of these elections got nothing to deal with the eu . 
  it 's all about what the previous government did , not the gratitude to the money from eu or polish relationship with the union . 
  i 'm amused how people over and over again try to use the result of these elections to push their own agenda . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
   just because polish characters are n't printed on your keys in poland we use standard keyboards ( usually either [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:kb_united_states-noaltgr.svg ) or [ that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:qwerty.svg ) ) . 
  do n't have a polish characters printed on them anyway . 
  you can paint your car red and white if it really matters so much for you to display your national flag  or are you just trying to warn everyone around in europe about infamously poor driving skills of poles ? 
   `` central european '' so they can get put in the same region as germany , switzerland , austria , etc. 
  you 'd find that most poles that call themselves `` central european '' would be equally happy to call it a central europe if it does n't include germany , switzerland and austria . 
   if anything the recent election results in poland were a giant middle finger to f\u00fchrer merkel 's insane mass migration policy no , they were n't . 
  they were a middle finger to the previous government . 
  migration was n't a deciding issue in these elections , according to the polls there was n't any noticeable change in support for the parties after previous government accepted refugee quotas . 
  winner of these elections was decided even before refugee crisis begun . 
  what merkel does was n't really a subject in the debate , through refugees were mentioned , but nowhere near being the top topic of the elections . 
  silly [ single-member district voting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single-member_district ) was more of a subject than the refugees were . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  supermajority and a single voting is all they need . 
  according to the latest results that means that they 'll need to find nearly 30 mps from a parties that oppose changes to vote for them . 
  not to break the mood , but exit polls look like shit ( also : kukiz 9 % ? 
  wtf poland ), 
  / u/hjongoldrake - no live thread for local elections in ukraine ? 
  they did https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pvwhr/parliamentary_elections_in_poland/, 
   all major right-wing parties in europe are pro eu like ecr , 3rd largest party in ep , right wing , and just happens to be eurosceptic ? 
  or efdd that 's another relatively large right-wing party , and yet - eurosceptic ( nigel farage says hello ) . 
  pro eu parties are either centrist ( centre-right and centre-left ) or left-wing . 
   markets , my friend do n't confuse market liberal parties with right-wing . 
  right wing parties can be market-liberal , but market liberal parties do not have to be right wing . 
  it definitely got much worse since the migrant crisis and fud campaign spun by mass media and some politicians . 
  good point . 
   this is quite the reminder not to allow 1 counttry to run the eu we 're in no danger of that happening . 
  she did not implement this idea on any country . 
  at the moment it 's just an idea . 
  it used to be there few months ago and was rejected swiftly by the majority of other countries in eu ( random fun fact - poland was one of the countries strongly pushing against it ) . 
  i doubt they 'd suddenly change their mind , and germany alone ca n't impose their ideas on others without having majority to agree on that . 
  nor central for that matter . 
  ( i stand corrected : with exception of germany and austria ), 
   i wonder if those people are against even adoption . 
   i doubt they would be against adopting polish childre my aunt and her husband are/were a foster family ( polish children ) , so i can tell you that the answer is : outside of the big cities : yes , many people are against adoption . 
  hearing their stories i 'm constantly shocked just how close-minded or just plain fucking dumb people are . 
  the most common argument goes along these lines : fostering is nothing more than a way of getting money out of the government , people doing it are just `` lazy , greedy fuckers using children for their own benefit '' ( that 's an actual quote they heard once ) . 
  my response was n't a judgement nor anything bashing your post . 
  no need to fight it - you 're repeating some of your earlier arguments , while all i did was merely giving some background to the readers on what was actually said . 
  more like : '' * hey , wan na to help blowing up some of these guys that killed your family members ? 
  * '' i guess that 's their spin, 
  i like how you 're calling it `` moderna ''  it 's `` modern '' , adjectives in english are not inflected in the same way they are in polish , 
   in order to sustain the stability of their goverment , they will be forced to limit their conservative views . 
  if they 'll get a safe majority ( enough to account for loosing a few mps to other parties when making controversial decisions ) - they really wo n't . 
  the worst-case scenario is a supermajority allowing them to meddle with constitution at will - imho no party , or even two-party coalition should have that opportunity - changes to the constitution should be made in agreement with opposition or through the referenda , but that 's just me , i know that constitution allows changes as long as supermajority vots for them . 
   i would think that kopacz and po have shot themselves in the foot by accepting refugees . 
  i would say that this had no real impact . 
  they were shot down from the 1st place long before refugee crisis became a topic in a media . 
  in terms of polling - debates had by far greater impact on their support than the decision on accepting migrants had . 
   but wait , now they ' v come - it 's your responsibility as well . 
  it 'd be our responsibility as well with or without merkel inviting refugees in . 
  europe was being flooded with migrants before we got into the situation of '' * fuck the rules , fuck the borders , all wellcome * '' . 
  in a very best case scenario - the tipping point would be delayed by a few months . 
  but it 'd happen anyway . 
  the raising trend was there long before , with no signs of stopping . 
  general information for those interested : the exact words of kaczy\u0144ski , leader of law and justice ( party that most likely will win this elections in this weekend ) :  czy te informacje o jakich\u015b porozumieniach odnosz\u0105ce si\u0119 do sprowadzenia do polski stu tysi\u0119cy muzu\u0142man\u00f3w - czy to jest prawda ? 
  to nie oznacza , \u017ceby kogo\u015b dyskryminowa\u0107 , ale sprawdzi\u0107 trzeba google translate :  was this information on any agreements relating to bringing the polish one hundred thousand muslims - is this true ? 
  health minister should answer why , because they are also issues of various kinds in this area . 
  there are already signs after the emergence of diseases highly dangerous and long unseen in europe . 
  damn the greek islands , dysentery in vienna . 
  various kinds of parasites , protozoa , which are harmless to the human organism , and may here be dangerous . 
  that does not mean to discriminate against someone , but you need to check one of most significant commentaries expressing mentioned accusations came from andrzej celi\u0144ski , sociologist , leader of the polish democratic party ( small party that is n't in and wo n't make it to the parliament ) :  m\u00f3wi\u0142o si\u0119 : te \u017bydki nios\u0105 tyfus . 
  kaczy\u0144ski musi to wiedzie\u0107 , on nie jest idiot\u0105 google translate :  it was said that these kikes [ derogatory term for jews ] carry typhus . 
  frightening with parasites is the language of nazism . 
  kaczynski has to know , he is not an idiot [ edit , because it was n't clear enough ] : i 'm merely showing the background of the whole situation . 
  not judging anything . 
  i 'm not opposed to what op said . 
  you can talk all you want . 
  nationalists refuse to accept that because ... well ... their national pride does n't allow them to see their own country in a global perspective in something anything less than a superb position . 
   europe is great , the political union , not so much . 
  funny enough - uk put the very ground work for this political union , and the last time you had a referendum in 1975 ( voted 67 % yes ) - it was already for the political union ( to give you most obvious examples - [ treaty of rome ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/archives/emu_history/documents/treaties/rometreaty2.pdf ) that created eec also established european parliment , council , commission and a court of justice ) . 
   that 's like the last straw \u2500 a freaking huge one at that \u2500 that breaks europe 's back . 
  ** calm your tits . 
  ** it 's just a proposal , not an actual , accepted law , and it 's unlikely to pass in a current form . 
  eu parliament is very much against anything that is infringing net neutrality , and that 's unlikely to change . 
  it 's eu council ( the leaders of the eu member states ) that modified the law in a way that 's infringing net neutrality . 
  but parliament still has a last word on that and by all means it seems that they 'll discard these dangerous amendments ( be aware that the rest of the law will most likely pass as it it 's quite good after you throw out the stuff people are discussing here ) . 
  works for me . 
  but just in case - [ here is a direct link to the interactive map ] ( http://gds.astro.rub.de/ ) , beware excessive load times . 
  the original file was 194 gb . 
  so you got it close enough , 
   the un is mostly financed by the us well , i do n't know ... let me think ... campaign your government to provide un with over $ 7 billion and the situation will change . 
   it 's more that we are proud , and do n't like the idea of being ruled by others . 
  amusing , considering that when the road towards eu begun uk was one of the leading members with one of your primary political goals being able to affect politics on the continent . 
  heck - just 10 years ago uk was one of 3 most influential countries in the union and everyone were looking up to the `` big three '' . 
  yet ever since your foreign policy degraded everything turned up side down . 
  ever considered that your own government might be there to blame for inaction and stepping down from the leadership role in the eu you used to have back in a days of `` big three '' ? 
   i ca n't wait to see how the anti-eu people try to spin this . 
  so there we go . 
  from the other comment now we know how they 'd spin this . 
   had to take a train from venice to udine .
