  mars thing is only a nasa project , so it 's relevant only from us perspective . 
   it will be great to see a worldwide cooperation , with nasa , esa and some russian agency , and including china and india , and even some emirates . 
  no doubt about that . 
  i really hope i 'll live to see that . 
  its mostly safety requirements . 
  if not that - we could pack people onboard atv and send them one-way to the iss at any time . 
  heck : we could make a one-way mission to the moon if atv internal tanks would n't be used to resupply iss but rather contain fuel for the engines . 
  but ... you know ... we really want to have people alive , as dead astronauts tend to make some horrible pr and issues with obtaining further funding . 
  new esa director general , johann-dietrich woerner , hopes that this truly international effort will be the `` moon village '' . 
  esa wants to lead the way , but the plan is to officially invite every space faring nation on the earth ( including smaller ( space-wise ) nations , like brasil ) . 
  some countries already gave an informal support for this idea , like china . 
  biggest problem though is that at the moment `` moon village '' does n't have any funding allocated nor a support from the esa ministerial council . 
  and pretty much everyone in the industry knows that esa can not afford it on its own , so wide financial support will be absolutely necessary if they want to send anyone there . 
  imho the `` moon village '' project wo n't become feasible without substantial and long-term increase in esa funding if esa would be there to play any key role in the project . 
  and that 's very difficult in current economic situation . 
  the fact that in early 2020s every large partner will have a substantial expenses ( either to their space station or in case of nasa : mars mission ) certainly does n't help either . 
  russia will re-use some of the components for its own station . 
  its very likely that it will be done with a small cooperation from esa ( from what i heard : at a very least european robotic arm will become a part of it with a permission from esa ) , and russians say that they do n't see any obstacles in sending esa astronauts onboard . 
  nasa was invited as a partner to build their station , but a lot will depend on who becomes next us president and how it all plays out . 
  nothing certain is set up now . 
  us has no plans for building a new station on their own . 
  nasa is focused on a mars as a current goal . 
  chinese will build their own station , cause nasa blocked them from iss , and they want to do space research on their own . 
  they are very open to cooperation with esa , they want to use [ ibdm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_berthing_and_docking_mechanism ) , invite esa , korean , indian and ( less likely ) japanese astronauts onboard making their station an international enterprise , with ( small `` revenge '' element ) exclusion of nasa . 
  so the post-iss landscape looks really great for europeans . 
  seems like everyone want to cooperate with us . 
  we 'll have an input in orion with a possible flight tickets , we 'll have an option of going to the russian station , and we 'll almost certainly have an astronauts in chinese station . 
  it really could n't play out any better for esa . 
  it does n't teach you anything . 
  russia would still do the same at the very beginning , then let ukraine make first nuclear strike - if they would then russia would gain a casus beli for a full-on invasion with a preemptive air strike on a remaining launch sites ( remember that their military is infiltrated by fsb , they knew a location of every nuclear warhead better than anyone in nato did ) . 
  if ukraine would be lucky a follow-up military action would n't include a use of tactical nuclear warheads , but reading what moscow officials say about their right to use tactical nukes - i would n't be surprised . 
  ukraine is lucky that it does n't have a nuclear warheads any more . 
  thanks to this war did n't escalate any further and got contained within two areas . 
  here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/10r90p/what_do_the_colors_in_your_national_flag_represent/, 
  they also score highest in satisfaction with accomodation , so it must be a really spacious and comfortable basement ... 
  most interesting ... 
  overall life satisfaction , top 5 : * austria * iceland * finland * switzerland * poland ?!, 
  poland in top 5 ? 
  the nation of people complaining about everything everywhere made it to top 5 ? 
  what the ... 
  anyway - looking at the results : austria is a paradise on earth for the young people ... 
  getting it is actually far more difficult than it looks . 
  have a read through some of the tests that applicants need to pass . 
  nice , well done , hopefully people employed will get some decent wage . 
   it would provide a boost to our country 's wider industrial strategy anyone care to elaborate on that ? 
  what is the slovakias industrial strategy ? 
  devil - collector of goats . 
   we are entirely capable of that actually : we 're not . 
  as far as polish nuclear scientists are really active in a field and theoretically would be capable of creating a bomb - we have no way of obtaining large amount of uranium ( or other material suitable for a bomb ) for enrichment and producing nuclear warheads ( trade of all nuclear materials is strictly controlled ) , not to mention rather * doubtful * polish capabilities of the nuclear enrichment on any suitable scale and grade ( all we do is creating radioisotopes for medical usage in the maria reactor , while for weapons you want 80 % + enriched uranium that we do not posses nor have any realistic means of obtaining in a foreseeable future ) . 
  but that 's just the very beginning of our problems . 
  * we do not have any proving grounds where we could possibly test such a bomb , and testing it on an international waters could cause an international backlash ( even north korea did n't do that ) . 
  * then there 's a problem with building a carrier for such a bomb . 
  as it 'd be our first nuclear warhead - you can forget about miniaturizing it to the point where any of our fighters/fighter-bombers could possibly deliver it ( eg . 
  su-22 is nuclear capable bomber , but we 'd require a miniaturized bomb for that ) . 
  poland does n't have any large or medium bombers , and transport planes we have are not a suitable means of delivery either ( too easy to shoot down , too slow to fly away from the blast radius ) . 
  * what leaves us with one possibly feasible option : short-range ballistic missile . 
  however ... that 's not possible either , because poland does n't posses even the very fundamental technologies required for a development of ballistic missiles . 
  we do not have any experience with building larger missiles of any sorts to begin with ( we have some student-made sounding rockets , but these are very small scale single-stage rockets , something that you could build in your shed given right amount of money and access to the fuel , nothing related to the srbm ) , we lack guidance technologies that could put that missile anywhere near the target , we lack any experience with avoidance technologies , we lack any of the infrastructure required for building , maintaining and operating such a missile system . 
  as far as some of these systems could be created - essential technologies would either require experts from other countries - which will be impossible to obtain due to international treaties - or developing technologies in-house - which would be financially unfeasible , but even if we 'd assume that money is n't a factor - it 'd still take decades as we do n't have any engineering background in most of the disciplines required for such development , and we 're a democracy , so we ca n't focus an effort of entire country on developing one system like , for example , north korea did . 
  not to mention that such a programme would essentially bleed-out mod budget . 
  so the most optimistic end result would be that we 're less likely target for the fully scale , declared war . 
  but at the same time we 'd become far easier target for a limited conflict . 
  and guess which one of these two russia prefers right now ? 
  they did n't ask about that in a survey , all they asked about was if they can hold a conversation in russian ... everyone have a different meaning of what it means , not to mention that people want to look better in any sort of public surveys like that than they actually do ... so results sort-of make sense . 
  and yet - i 'm getting downvotes while you 're getting upvotes . 
  got ta love reddit . 
  living in europe and travelling around it ? 
  visiting few places in asia and africa ? 
  knowledge of history ? 
  a combination of these and few other things . 
  they really are n't . 
  they might be 2 generations ago , but not any more . 
  it 's wikipedia , do n't trust it too much . 
  basically : anyone that can find an article supporting any opinion , no matter how ridiculously stupid nonsense it is , can put it out there and unless it 's heavily patrolled article - it will stay there . 
   this has not happened in norway . 
  the price norway pays for this fact is that it lives by the eu rules while having absolutely no influence on any of them . 
  afaik the whole point of uk leaving the eu would be to get rid of eu influence and laws you brits do n't like . 
  they 'll sit on a border and check if trucks do n't try to transport any water back to switzerland ? 
  the fact that your native language is russian does n't mean that you are russian . 
  otherwise large portion of currently independent asian countries , few european countries and several other regions in europe should be `` russian '' . 
  it 's not a sarcasm , / u/lolkac is perfectly correct ( with an exception of saying that projects were funded by eu - in nearly all cases eu does n't cover 100 % of costs , his government had an input into that too ) . 
  the oversight mechanisms functioning in many of the eu countries make it more difficult to corrupt money tied to the eu-co-funded projects than it is to the projects funded with national money alone . 
  we actually need more of a large scale thinking . 
  instead of `` need more autobahn in germany '' - we need more trans-european autobahn . 
  and railways , and other . 
  i actually been there . 
  it 's between some surprisingly narrow streets , and ... everything around it feels so very cramped ... the square in front of it is barely large enough for a limo to turn around . 
  that said though - building is nice . 
  hahaha , that 's awesome . 
  everyone from ` allo ` allo !, 
  lannisters the house no greek ever joined . 
   i highly doubt that this conflict would happen if ukraine still had its nuclear weapons . 
  noone really knows that , and it 's quite common misconception often repeated by polish media ( even industry-related ) . 
  it might just as well have evolved into a [ limited war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limited_war ) , and making whole situation far more dangerous ( to push it even further : with claims russians were making about use of tactical warheads it could have turned into first nuclear war in xxi century , only on a small , local scale ) . 
  not so long ago everyone thought war with ukraine is n't possible in a first place . 
  nukes being there might have made less of a difference than people tend to think . 
  some of the anti-missile shields are capable of destroying icbms before they release independent warheads . 
  also most of the systems are capable of launching multiple missiles at the icbm , hitting individual reentry vehicles and therefore minimizing loses . 
  and finally - we 're talking here about russia , smaller , but key portion of it is located in europe ( in fact : kaliningrad is located between nato countries ) so they do not need ** intercontinental ** ballistic missiles to attack nato , and missile shield has a capacity of being used against numerous different targets , including conventional missiles ( eg . 
  non-nuclear iskanders ) making it a worthy investment .
