  hahaha , no . 
  wishful thinking varoufakis . 
   walls and electrified border fences are not the solution !, 
  interesting how he uses that in a context of stopping intra-eu migration , while in the main stream it 's used pretty much only in a context of immigration from the middle east and africa . 
  too much time spent reading far-right ? 
   this struggle , the work diem25 does across europe this kind of rhetoric reminds me of * the ideological struggle in the working-class movement * . 
  yes : by lenin . 
  it 's not long , so feel free to google and read it . 
   while disobeying at every level the edicts of the clueless establishment there 's a lot of talk like that , and not once it 's explained why the fuck would i disobey the laws of the eu or my own country ? 
  or what is it supposed to accomplish ? 
  other than me going to jail or paying some absurdly high fines ...  any moves to ` more ' europe now will not only produce a permanent austerity union in continental europe but will also be outpaced by the galloping crisis which will ensure that there will be nothing left to unite or federate . 
  wow , so much wrong in one sentence i do n't even know where to start . 
  no , more europe does n't mean more austerity , if anything it 's the opposite - more union means financial issues would be more shared , putting country under austerity would be absurd . 
  the current movements are going towards abandoning austerity ( eg . 
  it 's one of the points schulz proposes ) , creating eurobonds , literally noone in the eu wants more integration and at the same time more austerity . 
  also : financial crisis is not * galloping * and i have zero doubts that federalisation can be done without triggering any economic collapse . 
  it 's a matter if people want it , not if it 'd have overwhelming negative effects to the economy , cause it would n't , not in a form that any of the leaders think about the federation . 
  also current moves for more europe are very , very varied and some of them do not touch the fiscal part what so ever , so talking about `` any moves '' in that context is incorrect . 
   once this stabilisation is achieved by now i start to question if he even has a definition of that stabilisation of europe . 
  i skimmed through the rest and really ... some of the ideas are good , some of the intends are good , but overall it ends up looking like a manifest of some far-left underground . 
  i would , but i have n't seen anyone proposing anything like that , nor anyone proving that it 's what guardian supposedly `` spews '' . 
  there 's not enough fucking stupid people to elect anyone , even if there 's only one candidate appealing for them . 
  fucking stupid need support from the center of the bell curve to win anything ( and it works both ways : uber-smart wo n't be electing anyone either ) . 
  germany has a history of banning publications during arguably the darkest period in their history . 
  so some of them might be opposed of all forms of press bans , even on a community-managed websites . 
  i doubt there 's any point in winning online arguments against people who are fucking stupid , 
   wizard of oz munchkins did n't just grope judy garland - they were also drunks and sex-mad hellraisers i guess they just killed his childhood memories, 
  if i 'd be reading public comments under online editions of polish newspapers i would think that my countrymates are nothing more than a pile of deplorables with occasional clowns . 
  i would n't use online comments to judge anything about the newspaper or its reader base . 
  no country ? 
  no borders ? 
  i 'd love to see some sources of these claims . 
  and yea , we live on one planet , brutal reality , you ca n't take your island and fly away , or think that whatever your country does does n't affect anyone else . 
  third party sources are always preferred on wikipedia and in fact mainstream newspapers are one of the most recommended sources . 
   they also publish a lot of stories that the likes of the bbc/guardian etc would n't touch with a barge pole ... because it does n't support their narrative ... and what would that be ? 
  surely if that 's `` a lot of stories like that '' you can share some examples for outsiders like me . 
  infowars obviously , but there 's few other candidates , sadly . 
  wikipedia even as a [ list of fake news ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_fake_news_websites ) . 
  as for `` independent.uk '' - you mean `` independent.co.uk '' , i presume ? 
  it 's not as cancerous as dailymail , imho . 
  more like a usual tabloid . 
  i doubt they 're going to ban every single tabloid around the globe . 
   it only says that export is good for companies exporting stuff which obviously is true . 
  i think it is sad that the video does n't even bother to explain the downsides what video ? 
  this particular page has just a map with some footnotes . 
  it does n't make any claims whether ceta is good or bad . 
   eu as an institution should n't try to be selling this of course it should . 
  they signed the deal . 
  the reason why they did it is because they believe that it 's good for europe and it 's part of their job to explain why they make decisions like that . 
  whether you agree with this particular one or not is a different matter . 
  if anything - they do too little trying to justify their judgement . 
  random pages online like [ this one ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ceta/ceta-explained/ ) are not something people will find and read , or even find convincing ( in the days of alternative facts a random dude on social media tends to have more authority than websites of any government or institution ) . 
  on the other hand people have an abundance of information from ceta opponents , at least if they take most of their information online . 
   if you want the truth is that it 's surely nothing that can be summarized in 3 paragraphs . 
  so ... first people root for donald `` you 're fired '' trump for being `` great businessman '' able to make `` great deals '' , then attack the guy that actually made a great deal . 
  hm ... if we 'd cut bulgaria , romania , lithuania , latvia and slovakia out of the eu we 'd actually have pretty much the same disparity us does . . assuming you include american samoa in the us stats , but why would n't you ?!, 
  ula 's offering free cubesat slots for universities with almost every launch ... wish esa would kick arianespace in the butt to do the same ... 
  glad to see afd going down . 
  hopefully by the election time they 'll be sub-10 % . 
  they elect parties , not chancellor . 
  noone will vote ( edit to clarify : on his voting ballot ) specifically for merkel or fat beardy man \u2122 . 
   abyss between clinton and trump was as clear as day , and so thought clinton was the obvious winner ? 
  what abyss ? 
  before elections gap was 14 % at most , vast majority of the time being below 10 % [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationwide_opinion_polling_for_the_united_states_presidential_election,_2016 ) . 
  it 's nothing remotely comparable to the situation le pen is in - she has an actual abyss to cross . 
  first a realistic alternative needs to be implemented , then you can consider moving out of nato . 
  doing it the other way around is like serving putin his favourite dish and paying for it while getting nothing in return . 
  the continuity of mutual protection must not be broken . 
  well , that 's a poorly made website ... looks more like a shout-out of various moods and emotions than anything of substance . 
  i do n't like it either , but have to admit it - it seems that right now that 's what people want , i know it 's a super-low standard , but trump did n't have any properly cemented programme either and he ended up winning `` bigly '' despite ( or because ) of being a bigoted asshole . 
  hopefully as the elections get closer we 'll get to know some more details - macron seems to be very eu oriented , and in a good way , so i 'd be most interested in finding out details about his polices . 
  that 's imho the most likely scenario . 
  most of the stuff about this whole attack - choice of target ( group of armed soldiers ) , choice of weapon ( knife ) , content of his backpack ( cans of paint , something that just looks like a bomb to create an escalated sense of threat ) , time of day ( 10:00 , to be clearly visible by soldiers ) , lack of any incriminating material at home ( usually they find some radical propaganda leaflets/browsing history/flags/message ) - screams `` suicide by cop '' and not a terrorist attack . 
  well , either this or he 's just mentally ill . btw : i admire training of the guards . 
  guy got incapacitated , but still in a state good enough for doctors to rescue him and stabilise in a day . 
  excellent job , and a stark contrast with us policeman who are oddly trigger-happy . 
  most polls i 've seen shown trump leading among polish voters both : before the elections and exit-polls . 
  it 's poland man , we ca n't keep the list of our agents secret , you seriously thing that poland could keep nuclear weapons programme under the table , without causing international outrage ? 
  not to mention that even if we 'd have such programme - we do n't even have a means of delivering such weapons to the enemy ( unless you plan some kamikaze raids on jelcz trucks , cause miniaturizing nuclear weapons poses an unique set of challenges with which we have zero experience ) . 
  if anything we 'll end up having russians drop bombs on wherever this development would be ongoing long before anything of significance is accomplished . 
  and that 's an optimistic scenario - pessimistic one includes an invasion to secure the site of possible npt breach , with most nato countries showing us their ass for something like that . 
  [ not gon na happen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_non-proliferation_of_nuclear_weapons ), 
  not just them , there 's a whole [ aerospace valley ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerospace_valley ) . 
  fyi : it goes by an administrative division at which data is provided , not by population or surface area . 
  [ oecd report ] ( https://data.oecd.org/rd/gross-domestic-spending-on-r-d.htm ) with data from 2015 . 
  as a point of reference : china - \u2197 2.067 % , us - \u2197 2.788 % , finland - \u2198 2.903 % ( arrow for trend ) and yes , poland 's as shit as it seems to be ( \u2197 1.004 % ) . 
  calling us a `` china of europe '' is a gross overstatement . 
  we might have a factories , but nowhere near the drive to innovate . 
  well , according to wikipedia * irreligion * is by far the most popular declared religious group , combined with undeclared it 's a vast majority with safe margin for those who are * secretly christian * . 
  what 's certain is that it 's not declared christians , which are less than 20 % of the nation ( including all possible variants of christianity ), 
  being christian ? 
  the fuck ? 
  if they ask question like that - should n't they ask `` being atheist '' in countries with atheists majority , like czech republic ? 
  actually , we need new helicopters in 2019 , cause both : mi-8 / 17 and mi-14 are running out of flight hour limits in next 2 years ( first deliveries would need to begin in 2018 to ensure continuity ) . 
  if nothing will be done we 'll end up with no long range tactical helicopters for out military , which is an absurd situation for country this size . 
  cause both : fillon and le pen behave like putin 's puppets . 
  macron 's the only alternative with real chances for victory that was n't corrupt by russians . 
  you know what 's most amusing in this whole bs ? 
  that we 've had a large number of poles rooting for trump and thinking he 's the best us president for poland , and also the polish minority in the us voted trump . 
  all in the name of harming liberals wherever possible .
