  as predicted in news reports reporting ruble going down - investors move money to eu . 
  hence euro gets stronger . 
  and as long as there will be a real threat of sanctions against russia - both ruble and russian stock market will keep on loosing value . 
  o_o you can see eastern border of poland on that map ... ukraine = perfect country for farming . 
  point still stands . 
  tax evasion law ca n't work if all you have to do in order to evade it is to create a company branch on the other side of a border . 
  if luxemburg can find this hole now - how you expect corporations with money for countless lawyers be unable to do the same ? 
  i think we should get rid of veto right . 
  eventually . 
  for now make it 2-veto . 
  and eventually trash this garbage . 
  first partition of poland was very much a fault of implementing veto right for every parliament member . 
  total idiocy . 
  and one there is a need for one country to lead ? 
  this only makes eu harder to bare by other big and strong countries like uk or france . 
  yea , polish newspapers gave australia as an example , but i doubt politicians will even consider that . 
  in poland there 's some obscure and totally illogical tradition of dismissing laws from too distant or exotic countries simply on a basics that `` it wo n't work with polish mentality '' - regardless how much merit is in that . 
   i do n't think that national newspapers `` need to make the eu closer to brits '' . 
  ( ... ) eusceptic ( telegraph , times , sun , mail , express , spectator , private eye . . ) while some bits of the press are proeu ( guardian , independent , financial times , economist , new statesman , bbc , channel 4 ... ) . 
  these differences of opinion and approach are healthy in a democracy . 
  how can you make a decision on something you have no clue about ? 
  information is everything . 
  especially in making such an important and long-lasting decisions as joining or quitting eu . 
  that 's precisely why media need to inform people about eu - not just go into purely eusceptic or proeu points of view . 
  honest information is twice as valuable as a simple point of view . 
   just because it is your preference !, 
  it 's a fact in geological , geographical , demographical and even : political way . 
  preference got nothing to deal with that . 
  i think what he is saying is that there 's not enough of information available for general public . 
  yes , you can read through all 200 + articles on wikipedia covering structure of eu , it 's politics , programs , decision-making process , expenses , income , key figures , etc. 
  but that wo n't work for ... well : almost-everyone . 
  tv and national newspapers really need to make eu closer to brits - not just but informing what are the benefits and what are costs , but also by making brits feel as a part of europe ( eg . 
  stop using word `` europe '' as a reference to continental part of it - uk is just as much europe as france is ), 
   it has a whole load of factual information which needs to be interpreted to come to a good answer , seeing as a huge level of the debate is around economics and around specific laws being bad . 
  majority of people do n't have even a basic knowledge on economy or politics to understand any of these even if explained in most user-friendly way . 
  that 's a sad truth - when it comes to decisions that got very complex and long-lasting consequences `` crowd '' is unable to make truly logical choice based on deep examination of all the benefits and losses . 
  it 's much easier to operate with slogans ( `` we 'll loose sovereignty '' vs `` we 'll loose money '' ( or whatever is on the headlines today ) ) than educating people . 
   and yet the germans are still worried about `` hyperinflation '' . 
   fines for not following this regulation could be as high as $ 100 million or up to five percent of an enterprise 's annual turnover , whichever is larger . 
  i approve . 
   people must consent to having their personal data processed , and must be able to withdraw that consent as easily as they give it finally a way to truly delete your facebook account . 
  thank you eu . 
   again , a win for campaigners . 
  how about : a win for a people who like their privacy respected ? 
   people have the right to have their personal data erased ( with public interest exceptions , so journalists can probably rest easy ) . 
  ** this includes data passed on to third parties . 
  ** that will be very difficult to execute . 
  especially when there are companies specializing in resale of customer data . 
   people can object to being visibly profiled in a way that could discriminate against them on the basis of race , political beliefs , sexual orientation and so on , and the organizations processing their data must make sure this discrimination does n't occur . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  not gon na happen , sorry . 
  way too many ways to bypass that thing . 
  in general though for it companies in europe it does n't make any huge difference - many countries already have a laws in place that allow people to `` be forgotten '' from their systems . 
  it most certainly though will be a challenge for us-based companies and i 'm afraid many of these laws will be incompatible with foreign laws ( which sometimes force it companies to retain data with access to the local intelligence agencies upon request ) . 
   luxembourg has insisted for years it would support the proposed law only if non-eu banking hubs within europe , particularly switzerland , also sign up . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  this law is pointless otherwise . 
  truth is that we still do n't have laws adopted to regulate whole process , and there 's been some rather outrageous delays with that , so ... 
  i 'm glad to see some progress , but we 're still not there to ensure that companies involved in extraction got a clear way . 
  i guess sending them all back is unthinkable as well ? 
  especially if they 're brainwashed by russian propaganda 24/7 with no access to any independent media as russians carefully cut them off to ensure only one point of view - separatist - is allowed . 
  most certainly . 
  though this would have to be more like ... at least 1 % of population ( 74,000 ) to make a difference visible in country-wide statistics ... probably even higher than that , depending on the actual difference in amount of money pumped into economy by these people . 
  when germany takes leadership - people complain about it and accuse them of forming 4th reich or other shit . 
  when germany does n't take leadership - people complain about it and accuse them of collapsing the europe or other shit . 
  seriously - make up your mind journalists !, 
   it would exist the same way scotland or catalonia crisis exist . 
  sooner or later would go the same way . 
  last time we checked - in 2013 majority of crimean were happy with their current status and pro-russian party in crimean parliament got only 3 seats out of 100 in last elections ( yes , that 's the same party that currently got so-called * prime minister * ) . 
  imho there would be no crimean crisis just like there is no crisis in wales if you want to keep british analogy . 
   additionally it would be extremely likely that a couple hundred nukes would actually be stored in crimea , and by now in the hands of the separatists . 
  you seriously believe it ? 
  ca n't you see that who attacks and surrounds military bases are russian soldiers , not separatists ? 
  there 's not enough of them to capture even one base , not to mention several of them . 
  finally some eu-wide sanctions . 
  took a while , but never the less : good job . 
   it would be wrong for ukraine to hold onto crimea by way of nuclear weapons they would n't . 
  but russia also would n't so happily move into ukrainian territory knowing they they got significant nuclear potential . 
  so the whole `` crimean crisis '' would n't even exist to start with . 
  i linked to the whole discussion not to take out just one post out of context . 
  your post was just a beginning of the similar argumentation that was used here . 
  savannajeff very nicely debunked everything you said . 
   more democratic institutions   less burocracies , well done contradicting yourself . 
   more citizen initiative , no more legislation written by lobbyists citizen initiatives are very , very prone to lobbying and having a legislation written by lobbyists . 
   we need a european news outlet accessible by all europeans . 
  this . 
  in poland there 's basically no news coverage from eu at all . 
  if anything slips into media it 's something like dutch pedophiles , irish priests molesting kids or uk pm talking garbage about immigration . 
  and news from eu parliament ? 
  only when they introduce something that might negatively impact polish farmers . 
  totally ridiculous approach that got nothing to deal with honest information nor makes people * feel * that they are part of europe . 
  yea , you have slightly different link  that 's why . 
  case dismissed . 
  something you call `` pirate ideology '' actually got well known program , proper structure , and something to say . 
  this is just pile of bs . 
  crowd-sourced politics that are rational at the same time ? 
  what kind of paradox is that ? 
  double post . 
  original one : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/206gog/vice_russian_roulette_the_invasion_of_ukraine/, 
  oh yea , guy is really great - shows stuff in a way where not only it 's interesting but also you start to care .
