  you ca n't use even a single eurocent to pay for a refugees unless eu allocates additional money specifically for that objective . 
   they 're looking to encroach on another countries soil without their approval . 
  which country is that ? 
  afaik that resolution was to work on the international waters of mediterranean sea . 
   the only times doing this is legal under international law iirc is either with a un resolution or when directly defending your country from an imminent threat . 
  or through the approval of said country - what if needed should be obtained . 
   nope , i just said that no one considers poland to be western , and that 's that , its not just because of the cold war , its simple geography . 
  you are talking to yourself then , cause that 's nothing new , and everyone are well aware of that . 
   poland was always eastern , even back in early modern times . 
  that 's not true , if anything - it 's testifying to your lack of historical knowledge . 
  poland was historically central , it never was eastern . 
  if you want to look at the europe in a bipolar split of east and west - then before the cold war it was by the lines of religion , eastern and western christianity , in which case poland belonged to the western group . 
   i just do n't get why polish people are so desperate to be `` upgraded '' . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  noone is desperate to be `` upgraded '' . 
  we 're just trying to be historically accurate , that 's all . 
  what ? 
  and how did that happen ? 
  the [ purposes of the united nations ] ( https://www.un.org/en/documents/charter/chapter1.shtml ) are pretty much impossible to be achieved with a veto right when it comes to matters that touch countries having said veto , or when any of the countries with veto right feels like it can harm it 's political opponent by using it . 
  well , it 's not the reason why russians vetoed it . 
  ( thanks for down-vote , but next time : read the article before clicking the button ), 
  so ... can you point me at exactly which human right was infringed here ? 
  cause i do n't see that . 
  what , that un would be best of without any country having a veto right ? 
  there 's no point in having un when few selected countries can pick and choose a fate of everyone else . 
  why did they even attempt to get a resolution ? 
  it 's basically an eu problem , nothing much un got to deal with that . 
  they want a resolution - pass it through the eu parliament or eu commission . 
  11/10 human rights . 
  in a first place : can we stop promoting that old dumfuck prick on / r/europe ? 
  it 's like quoting zhirinovsky every time he says something remotely relevant to the current situation . 
  thank you . 
   this has had the result of the border countries being starved of the resources necessary to properly police schengen 's external borders or handle the asylum requests of migrants entering schengen . 
  to be fair - funds might have been sufficient with a normal border traffic . 
  but when you have thousands attempting to breach your border - suddenly it 's a completely different game with completely different funds required . 
  schengen zone countries did not allocate these funds , and to make situation worse - germany is actively discouraging an execution of law by the border countries . 
  yes , agreed . 
  i would be really surprised by any other result of the elections than them winning . 
   even people who hate this guy agree on that and pis will get many voters for their hardcore anti-immigrant stance . 
  this speech was made to play on the anti-immigrant moods in poland . 
  pis is playing very careful game on a moods of polish people , once you 'll listen to their politicians you 'll see that they often repeat the same phrases , carefully manoeuvring between somewhat being ok with taking refugees , but at the same time saying we ca n't take them because of the governing party ... in general always trying to push the moods towards being more anti-eu and anti-government . 
  ( just to remind - pis was against entering the eu and kaczy\u0144ski himself still has a very strong anti-german sentiment ) it 's a very well thought pre-election political plan from their side . 
  discussion was about accepting refugees , not immigrants , like an actual refugees that already went through the verification process and were assigned by the eu for relocation . 
   they want only germany . 
  some do , [ for some germoney is n't good enough ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3k775g/immigrants_protesting_in_l%c3%bcbeck_we_dont_want_to/ ) . 
  mercedes, 
  '' * they 're gassing the children now * '' ?!, 
  that 's one horribly disgraceful headline for the memory of jews . 
  where did you seen me talking about `` eastern finland '' or `` western poland '' ? 
  you replied to a wrong person , or intentionally trolling ? 
  you can paste the url into google translate . 
  no need to do all of that . 
  it works just fine with pdfs too . 
  [ link ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.president.gov.ua%2fstorage%2fj-files-storage%2f00%2f10%2f80%2f2d4767fb72f7b288e15059d6867f9a3c_1442423766.pdf&amp;edit-text= ), 
  balts would feel insulted, 
  and it was going so well ... god damn it, 
  hush , get out , stop ruining our efforts for introducing central europe into the common use , like it deserves to be used . 
  just do n't use it . 
  cold war is gone , get over it . 
  that 's the way to remove it . 
  the christ of nations !, 
  lol ( [ historic background ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christ_of_europe ) ), 
   hope we can become bff again . 
  i do n't know about others , but i still remember my history teacher , this sparkle in his eyes when talking about the commonwealth , he really loved that topic . 
  he taught me that the commonwealth was one of the highlights in a polish and lithuanian history , one of these times our both nations should be proud of , a time when together we achieved more than we ever could dream of individually . 
  so as far as it comes to polish-lithuanian friendship : my body is ready !, 
   but i 've seen a few arguments on here now where people from poland attack someone from finland for considering themselves either western or scandinavian . 
  wtf ?!, 
  lol . 
  it 's not ? 
  anyone got a link to either the original bbc story or the edited one ? 
  to add an example : the channel tunnel got approval from the governments in 1975 , the treaty was signed in 1986 , first tunnelling begun in 1988 , and tunnel was opened in 1994 , that 's 8 years after the treaty , 19 years after the beginning of a serious talks about the project , and 192 years ( !!! ), 
  after the initial proposal for this project was put forward . 
  all of the megaprojects start initially as a `` pipe dream '' of some ambitious people , and turning them into reality does take years ... decades ... sometimes nearly 2 centuries . 
  i for one would love to see a high speed railway going lisbon - madrit - paris - berlin - wherever in poland - vilnius - riga - tallin - helsinki i bet it 's not economically viable , but ... man ... it 'd be amazing - going from helsinki to lisbon in a single train trip , across entire europe . 
  oslo-rome would be great too , though these pesky mountains make it quite difficult to create a new high speed railway . 
   solid nordic bedrock hardened by generations of vikings . 
  truly glorious . 
   geology is much better than in the channel . 
  what can you expect from a sediments made out of shit thrown overboard in a span of centuries ? 
   they can not deport them , no matter what they do . 
  ok then - prison it is . 
  that 's where rapists belong , if not deported . 
  allahu akbar does n't have a negative connotations in islamic world that it does in a western world . 
  the wish isis had was [ to flood europe with migrants ] ( http://www.jihadwatch.org/2015/09/flashback-to-february-2015-islamic-state-threatens-to-flood-europe-with-refugees ) , not to turn eu citizens against them . 
  shit 's getting serious . 
  though i doubt they 'd be used - not unless any of the migrants will try to pull the weapons out . 
  anti-terrorist units are used for riot control , even military is better in that , if anything they could be used to capture ringleaders , but i doubt even that would happen considering a dynamics of crowd . 
  noone said that what 's happening in middle east is the same as what 's happening in ukraine . 
  neither me nor any ukrainian i ever spoke with . 
  the part you quoted is not saying that these events are the same . 
   is the same noone said that . 
   most of them are n't war refugees , just immigrants that came to work after their economy collapsed during war in some parts of their country oh , look , exactly like current immigrants knocking to the doors of southern europe . 
  anyway - situation is more complicated than it seems . 
  most of the ukrainian '' * economic immigrants * '' are here to avoid military service , employment and money is just an added benefit and a way for them to stay legally in poland . 
  in statistic they are migrants , but for them - it 's the way of avoiding a risk of death , not that much different from syrians fleeing the war , only difference , in their eyes , is that they 'd die in the ukrainian uniform instead of civilian clothes . 
   well and our argument is that your argument is wrong . 
  take that !, 
  win at life , sir , win at life . 
  cause they have a dna of every citizen , or heck : will compare every person claiming to be syrian with us or eu citizens database .
