  from within a warehouse they can basically monitor the entire bases in real time with independent power supply and redundant satellite link to russia . 
  even if destroyed soon after invasion begins - data provided in first minutes and hours could be priceless , not to mention everything gathered as we speak . 
  it 's more like monotonous reading on top of the real actors talking ( noticed that they call it voice over , not dubbing ) . 
  this way you get all the emotions and acting of the original performance while still being able to understand what 's going on . 
  imho it 's much better than a full-on dubbing . 
  poland is somewhat misleading : movies in a cinemas are mostly subtitles , dubbing for children ( occasional adult movies have dubbing too , but most of the offer are subtitles ) tv does n't use subtitles at all , but instead either full cast or one voice actor . 
  movies on dvd/blue ray are either voice over , dubbing or subtitles , you can switch between voiceover/dubbing and subtitles . 
  movies online ( either streaming or piracy ) are almost universally subtitles . 
  they have n't created it yet . 
  it 's still very much work in progress . 
  no aks either , at least : not yet . 
  they just passed a bill , it 's far off from actually building the thing . 
  weird that poland is off the list considering that everyone can donate 1 % of their taxes to any charity and the enormous , contry-wide [ wosp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_orchestra_of_christmas_charity ) and caritas actions . 
  had to look up the complete chart to find poland at rank 109th ... either something 's off with this rating or i considered poles to be much better in that regard than we really are . 
  whether you like it or not - most people here do like the eu . 
  anti-eu posts get often down-voted because they tend to be circlejerks or ( more often ) misleading bs trying to blame everything on eu or equaling actions of one man/woman with the stance or behaviour of eu as such . 
  if you 're interested in anti-eu populism / r/worldnews and few others will serve your needs . 
  you can have an adult discoussion here , and i had a few , but if adult discoussion for you is everyone agreeing on your default anti-eu stance then you 'll be obviously disappointed . 
  not to mention that all these complains you 've made under a joke post are grossly misplaced . 
  perhaps it 's time to reconsider your attitude if you ca n't pass over a joke without making posts full of sorrow . 
  poles are a difficult people . 
  you really have some personal affair with tusk do n't you ? 
  during po-psl government this contract was negotiated and signed by vice-minister pawlak , much like every other contract like that is , not tusk . 
  this `` let 's blame tusk for everything '' is so 2010 . 
  and the details of negotiations are not avaible to public . 
  i presume there were some real consequences over breaking obligations signed by pis minister jasinski that were worse than rising prices . 
  but it 's just a speculation , as i said - details of negotiations like these are never public . 
  got nothing to deal with wanting to defend anyone . 
  just stating facts . 
  do n't know why jasi\u0144ski signed such an unfavourable contract so early . 
  though the fact that it was worse than previous deal is not unusual - prices of gas increased globally over that period of time . 
  why did pis wanted to have it so early ? 
  you can ask mr. jasi\u0144ski . 
  they propably were threatened with even higher prices or just clueless . 
  yes , me too . 
  2010 one is a direct consequence of 2006 . 
  actually - pis negotiated that deal and their minister jasinski signed the contract in 2006 that forced next government into unproportionally high prices and contract lasting till 2022 . 
  reason behind it being typical for pis flops - incompetence . 
  minister did not read ( or understood ? ), 
  what he was signing . 
  majority of gas consumption in poland is industrial ( 51 % , 36 % individual consumers , 10 % energy production ) . 
  text below says :  ministers of pis government dream of a movie mega production with hollywood stars showing our ( polish ) history . 
  fact ( the magazine ) helped . 
  we 've found the willing one !, 
  once boxer , now actor and celebrity recommends ... himself . 
  what this troll post is suppose to be exactly ? 
  eu does and will do just fine with global trade , regardless of the outcome of ceta . 
  huh ? 
  you see the same graph i do ? 
  it 's nowhere remotely as bad as pound , and the trend is roughly stable , instead of clearly downwards with pound . 
  jeezz ... and article 50 is n't even invoked yet . 
  that 's cruel . 
  to both : mother and a child . 
  awful . 
  it 's not what they are saying though . 
  i wrote some [ speculation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56xcgt/airbus_helicopters_hits_back_after_polish/d8n6mfu?st=iu70a83g&amp;sh=164791c4 ) on why they made this choice + provided some more info on why this was a bad decision . 
  also : poland already bought us equipment - in parallel to the heli procurement there is/was one ongoing for missile defense system and us won it with patriots , despite of having an inferior offer . 
  beagle-2 landed just fine . 
  if schiaparelli would do what beagle-2 did - it 'd be a successful mission . 
  issue with beagle was that solar panels did not unfold correctly blocking antenna and starving the mission to death out of power . 
  schiaparelli wo n't have that issue as it 's battery-powered and does n't have a deployable antenna . 
  that explains russian involvement in a project . 
  one fun fact about schiaparelli 's * soft * landing - it 's using lithobreaking - lander has a structure at the bottom that 's designed to be crashed upon landing , absorbing the impact . 
  schiaparelli does have a camera onboard , called [ deca ] ( http://exploration.esa.int/mars/54333-deca-the-descent-camera-on-schiaparelli/ ) , it 's pointing downwards , so you should get a decent timelapse of the landing and a shot of the surface up close . 
  that said though - it does n't have any cameras to photograph the horizon after landing , but ... well ... nothing unusual to see there , go and look up some photographs from the opportunity rover - schiaparelli will land in the same area . 
  [ this shot ] ( http://mars.nasa.gov/mer/gallery/all/1/f/004/1f128534240edn0203f0006r0m1.jpg ) - large flat desert , maybe few rocks , some mountains on a horizon ... that 's about it . 
   the biggest difference that stands out is the cost . 
  all 3 helicopters were proposed in a nearly the same prices . 
  do n't take the pricing from wikipedia at a face value , polish procurement was for a specific versions , not just random helicopters obtained in random procurements as wikipedia collects its data on pricing . 
   seahawk seems like it would be a better helicopter for asw it 's a very different helicopter for asw . 
  seahawk operates in a closer proximity to the carrier vessel , making shorter flights , h225m would be much more independent , able to take longer missions . 
  military though voted a concern : length of the boom on h225m , but airbus responded saying that naval variants will have it folded , this modification is already being developed , independently of polish procurement ( there 's no asw variant of caracals existing as of now , but it 's nothing unusual for manufacturer to develop variants like that during the helicopter life span , and asw helicopters are n't a high priority in poland ) . 
  you could push it to saying that seahawk is better when operating from ships , while caracal will be better when operating from land ( which is the way poland utilizes mi-17 , making it more compatible doctrine-wise ) , but it 's still pushing it ... they are * different * and regardless of the final choice - adjustments will have to be made to the way poland operates its asw helicopters . 
   it also seems like the eurocopter is not very popular with european armies , as only france flies them while like 4 european nations fly variants of the sikorski helicopters . 
  true , still it 's better than aw149 , which is n't operated by any airforce , it even lost procurement in its home country for sar helicopter . 
  yes , uk is manufacturing multiple components for f-35 , but you are an extreme exception given your special relationship with us . 
  ( for those interested : [ here ] ( http://aviationweek.com/shownews/uk-earn-billions-f-35-work ) is a good write-up on just how many components of f-35 are made in uk ), 
  yes , tender for attack helicopters ( called '' * kruk * '' ) is still ongoing . 
  there 's next to no chance to have apache assembled in poland , value of the contract is just not high enough to make it a possibility . 
  if anyone else is interested - other competitors in this procurement are : t129 atak , ah-1z viper and tiger had . 
  other than airbus h225m caracal : sikorsky s70i ( currently : lockheed martin ) and agusta-westland aw149 ( currently : leonardo-finmeccanica ) were the other two competitors in last stages of procurement . 
  there 's a lot more stuff going on though as poland wanted to procure csar ( also equipped to handle special operations and operate from naval units ) and asw variants , all based on the same platform ( both : h225m and s70i have variants for all required types of missions , though vastly different in details , aw149 does n't have any variant suitable for naval operations , moreover : it 's not certified to fly over the sea ) . 
  [ copy of the letter ] ( http://doc.rmf.pl/rmf_fm/store/2016-10-11_open_letter_to_polish_pm_pl_final.pdf ) , for those curious ( in polish , use google translate if needed ) . 
   if that was the case then all the talk about compensation coming from airbus would be pointless . 
  not at all . 
  though certainly it wo n't be an easy , obvious win . 
   our mod talks all the time as you probably noticed - i 'm more interested in the factual state of things and not what mr. macierewicz , kownacki , jaki or others say to the public . 
   for example here '' * wydaje si\u0119 * '' being an important distinction between not buying them for sure , and '' * it seems * '' that the opinion wo n't be positive . 
  do n't get me wrong - i understand what you are trying to say , intend was clear for almost everyone interested in this topic in poland , but they carefully avoided saying it directly , and airbus , as any other serious contractor , was obligated to follow the procedures and assume good will from the other side ( breaking that link of trust will make future procurements needlessly more difficult for polish government ) . 
   when you win a tender ( przetarg ) both sides are binded to sign a contract and you ca n't just `` abandon it '' . 
  they did n't win in though . 
  they were the only company to be accepted into the last stage of procurement . 
  ( fyi : similar thing happened with patriots , though there previous government also sent * letter of request for price and availability * , something specific to us ) . 
   there were plenty of comments from mod about how caracals are not good enough and we are not going to buy them prior to this moment . 
  it was never said in this way . 
  since winning the elections their official rhetoric was always about `` hard negotiations '' , regardless of what we know about their real intention . 
   also if what airbus says about their offer is true and we asked for transfer of tank ammo technology it 's clear who wanted to sign a contract and who did not . 
  the whole behavior during these negotiations was so absurd that it deserves a separate coverage - and i hope someone will get around writing it , cause it 's really a story worth attention . 
  it was n't just a transfer of technologies . 
  airbus promised to * build * helicopters in polish-owned wzl-1 , while s70i is * built * in lockheed-martin-owned pzl mielec .
