  it 's nowhere near the quality of russian video , and sadly : contains few factual mistakes ( poles are 4 times wealthier than russians ? 
  really ? 
  is that due to plummeting ruble ? 
  cause last time i checked - we were n't nowhere near as wealthy ) lies should be killed with truth . 
  this video just does n't cut it . 
   perhaps there are issues with minorities in the baltic states mysterious issues with minorities that somehow do n't do much until little green men pop out of nowhere . 
  if there are issues with minorities - they tend to talk about it years before taking up arms and usually it is resolved without arms in a first place ( look : scotland ) . 
  you wo n't be sending british troops to bog down minorities . 
  you will be sending british troops to bog down * de facto * russian invasion . 
   what i am saying is that it 's hypocritical to take the view that one group of people should be allowed to do this but others can not . 
  yes , just ask chechens . 
   if people have problems with self-determination , somehow people live all nice and well , then russia comes in and suddenly they have `` problems with self-determination '' , huh ? 
  basques or chechens or ingush might have a problems with self-determination but what happens in latest conflicts where russia is involved got nothing to deal with self-determination . 
  but oh , look , somehow this caring russia that 's so very much for a right of self-determination does n't give a rat 's arse about self-determination of chechens and chose to murder tens of thousands when all they wanted was freedom . 
  ignorance of some people brain-washed by russian propaganda is just hopeless . 
  we had twins in a president and a prime minister seats at the same time . 
  does that count ? 
  at least this time for a change noone is blaming eu . 
   would a british general have say over battalions of polish troops ? 
  [ stuff like that already happens ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2yae92/the_german_army_is_putting_one_of_its_battalions/ ) , so why not ? 
   either way it means a considerable increase in the defence budgets either of poorer nations they 're not trying to make an army 500 000 active personnel to make it a `` considerable increase '' in spendings ( fyi : current army of all eu nations combined is 1 550 000 of active personnel , reservists excluded . 
  large part of the defence budgets goes into modernization ) . 
  and most likely eu army will be enclosed in an existing spendings with some personnel being redirected to the eu army instead of sitting in an existing structures , just like it happened with nato spearhead ( aka . 
  very high readiness joint task force ) . 
   the bible was assembled by humans in the council of nicaea around 300 a.d ( ... ) the qumran on the other hand is the word of god . 
  i 'm laughing at what you said here . 
  i 'm laughing hard . 
   without actually paying for it . 
  they would still contribute , if not with money directly than with troops , hardware and possibly infrastructure . 
   where is the money for this coming from as well ? 
  noone really knows just yet . 
  it 'd either be from eu budget or defence spendings of individual countries . 
   what about countries like ireland when they are constitutionally obligated to be neutral ? 
  eu army would n't be an expeditionary force to invade other countries . 
   but how would this work ? 
  like [ eu battlegroup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_battlegroup ) only not laughably small and streamlined into more capable force . 
  [ poland-germany ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@51.1574212,14.9942656,327m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) you got more buildings , but we have higher res satellite photos . 
  very good points here . 
  if i may add something : not all eu members are nato members . 
  eu army would increase their security . 
  could you elaborate this bit in a constitution ? 
  you are forbidden to associate with other balkan countries ? 
  like ... you will try to veto their eu or nato membership ? 
   then criticise the eu or disagree and you 're ` whining ' . 
  if what ukip does would be criticism instead of semi-random hatered mixed with unrealistic demands , disrespectful approach to pretty much anything and everything ( from eu presidents down to eu immigrants ) , and a populist campaign based on half-truths if not lying to the people - i would agree with your statement . 
  but what ukip does is 99 % of whining . 
  not the first nor the last time mistakes like that happened . 
  american isolationism in '30s could be a prime example of that . 
  hopefully though in this case it will not end with another huge war waging across the entire europe . 
  britain earned the label of having `` whining attitude '' . 
  it 's partially thanks to ukip , but not only - roots of that go as far as back to '80s when uk got eu rebate . 
  unified foreign policy does n't mean that eu as such could join nato . 
  it 'd have to evolve into federation or some different form of government for that to happen . 
  if any eu member wants to join nato he can apply at any time . 
  there is no need for * eu to join nato * . 
  nato is a coalition of armies , eubg is an unified rapid reaction force . 
  do they get paid by russians ? 
  cause it sure looks like narrative straight from kremlin-paid media . 
   usa is very dead indeed . 
  usa is not alone . 
  it 's allied with most of european countries , japan , south korea , and so on . 
   oh yeah , they helped us very much . 
  we did well by ourselves one way or another , they were n't involved in our country at all . 
  you should really read some history books . 
  allied support was crucial in most of what we achieved during ww2 . 
   we have no army , clearest example that you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  you lack even basic knowledge about what 's going on in your own country opting instead to dip yourself in some miserable thoughts detached from reality . 
  it 's not xv century , you do n't need your own sword and friendly doctor that offers his services for apples and grain . 
   our president is imbecile who steps on chair in japanese parliament , that never happened . 
  educate yourself how japanese parliament looks like . 
  there is no chair there . 
   fucking hell , einstein was right . 
  there is no limit for human stupidity . 
  we agree on that one . 
   truth is n't expected here on reddit , only sweet lies . 
  is that the same kind of `` truth '' / r/conspiracy is all about ? 
  cause it sure looks like that . 
   poland , could you come over here for a second , theres something id like to discuss with you . 
  you should talk with russians . 
  we 'll let you pass through if you 'll promise to get rid of russians from our neighborhood . 
  there 's your prussia : * points finger at k\u00f6nigsberg *, 
  it already happened , did n't it ? 
  with afghanistan . 
  lone country is a dead country . 
  without these allies that you despise so much there would be no polish underground state or for that matter : poland today . 
   last time we tried to make an european army , that never happened . 
  having an alliance does n't mean having a shared army . 
   without them we 'd all be speaking american eventually . 
  posted in * american * . 
  that 's your imaginary vision . 
  juncker proposition got nothing to deal with that . 
  it 's about creating new army , not replacing existing armies . 
   so , a minimum percentage of gdp because of nato obligations , and a minimum percentage of gdp for the eu military obligations ... that is n't something you 're going to be able to sell to everyone . 
  it would n't be a separate percentage . 
  it 'd be the same . 
  in no point nato requires your 2 % to go for supplementing nato needs . 
  and i see no reason why eu army as proposed by junker would ever require any fixed percentage of gdp - it 'd be a commitment of troop , hardware , possibly bases . 
   and if making a transition ( i.e. 
  eu member states that are in nato leaving nato and committing to the eu military that 's a total nonsense . 
  juncker clearly said that eu military will not be an opposition to nato .
