  pretty much only greece has a left-wing government . 
  portugal , france and italy are all centre-left . 
  ( funny enough proper centrist governments are equally rare , one could argue that slovenia has a centrist government , but then i 'm sure there will be someone popping in to deny it ), 
  hopefully it wo n't end up like the political shifts in europe during the first half of xx century ... 
  for years there 's been calls for it , not an actual works , what you linked to was the first actual proposal , made in response to refugee crisis . 
  i do n't know the scope of changes comparing the the final legislation , so i decided not to jump into conclusions . 
  you might be right , but i prefer to stay on a side of caution . 
  yes , i seen that , but it 's an old overview . 
  one country is n't enough to stop it , there was quite a wide coalition against it across eu , including almost all member states that joined in 2004 onwards . 
   did something reasonable for a change . 
  did they ? 
  this proposal was floating around since lech kaczy\u0144ski was a president ( 2005-2010 ) . 
  but the brutal reality of the events during last 10 years has shown that we share very little common interests with the other 3 when it comes to military . 
  just look back at the war in ukraine - when we were strongly backing ukrainians , hungarian government was one of , if not * the * most pro-russian voice in the eu , with czechs and slovaks hiding their tail between the legs on first sign of negative response from kremlin . 
  it was easier to find partners in western and northern europe than it was among v4 . 
  i ca n't find any information about the budget , but you might like [ this ] ( https://www.neweurope.eu/article/eu-commission-tables-2017-draft-budget-focuses-on-migration-and-security/ ) :  doubling of frontex 's staff and the establishment of a group of 1,500 border guards ; ( this article is much better on details than the previous one , the sheer scope of things that frontex did n't have or could n't do is just astounding ), 
   its actually rather strange that despite all the difficult common ground that has been successfully found among all eu members that common security has never been taken seriously . 
  is it ? 
  eu is a political and economic project , until last few months there was a lot of resistance to even extending powers of frontex , yet alone having common security policy . 
  there 's too much overlap with powers of individual states and the role of nato . 
  eu is [ finally getting ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4rsg55/superfrontex_approved_acclaimed_and_decried/?st=ir11rp53&amp;sh=f47ecdb9 ) some competences to meaningfully contribute to the defense of borders . 
  so we 're definitely on a right path , or at least : better than we used to be . 
  i wonder if they even mentioned it in a video ? 
  cause they did n't in the article . 
  european border and coast guard agency was [ approved early this month ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4rsg55/superfrontex_approved_acclaimed_and_decried/?st=ir11rp53&amp;sh=f47ecdb9 ) , building on a fundaments of frontex . 
  i thought we already woke up from the initial shock of agreeing with orban during the migrant crisis ? 
   if the original quota plan there was no original quota plan . 
  there were dozens of proposals from numerous different politicians across europe and in the eu itself . 
  the relocation of refugees was accepted , just never executed as planned . 
  and if it would be executed - it would not make a difference to these events as it was only few thousands that were to be relocated from countries under most stress , while what pushed turkey deal and other were over a hundred thousand going through mediterranean route every month . 
  the deal was mostly suppose to be an act of solidarity - one that governments failed ( and it 's not v4 to blame - almost noone took any refugees in within that agreement ) . 
  there 's no realistic scenario in which initial wave of relocations would lead to '' * hundreds thousands and in couple decade it would be millions * '' . 
  it 's just fearmongering , nothing more . 
  by the time first wave was suppose to happen crisis was already out of hand and other solutions that you mentioned were already being worked on . 
  they did not appear because countries refused to accept refugees , they appeared because relocation was n't good enough , even if they 'd be implemented . 
  oh , the horrors . 
  as if the entire country would become muslim after accepting few hudred , or even thousands of muslim immigrants . 
  right-wing catholics would ignore christ if he would descend from heavens and started spreading his views . 
  oh , lovely , let 's have * less * democratic eu . 
  you do n't need gold or diamonds . 
  services , access , products , even food can be used . 
  i assume you are too young to remember prl ... 
  divide et impera ? 
  there 's similar one between ireland and uk and uk-france . 
  now that uk leaves the eu it 's only natural to connect ireland directly with continental union . 
  well , wikipedia says that their summer temperature tops at 27.5 \u00b0 c , still bearable without aircon . 
  that said though canary islands is not a country , and spain in general has some of the hottest summers in europe . 
  i 'm centrist , alde is the closest party to my views ( they are a bit too economically liberal for my taste , but still ) . 
  plus , as a bonus , whenever i listen to verhofstadt in ep i find myself being in a complete agreement with his views . 
   god forbid we let the people choose their own destiny !, 
  could n't have that . 
  we ca n't give up to another populist campaign based on fear and lies destabilizing europe . 
  that 's what he is saying . 
  he was n't even born when these wars ended . 
  he could n't physically have anything to deal with any of them . 
  unless you , spaniard want to instruct others about what their nation did in the past , cause i can remind you that you are the first nation to conduct a large-scale act of genocide in the modern era . 
  if there 's 1 % of polish terrorists than it 'd be 3 850 000 people . 
  that 's probably more than all the actual terrorists in the world ... , 
  i 'd be more interested in what nato does . 
  eu already came to senses and whatever process was there to give them visas was scrapped . 
  that 's un you described . 
  right now it does n't have any basis in actual laws , as , at least on paper , uk is still full eu member and both : citizens and companies enjoy the same rights . 
  wait till that disappears and consequences will be even worse . 
  i read the article , and know the situation very well , but the point i was making is that they might be forced to do certain moves by law , and that will be even more unpleasant and large-scale than anything you read about in the article . 
  it 's actually more about violence and religion than the terrorist attacks as such . 
  cologne attacks echoed deeply through the society , only * confirming * previous ethos of ` muslim immigrant = rapist and criminal ' . 
  poles always think that they are some of the best drivers in europe , if not the entire world . 
  he probably just talked about '' * poland in ruin * '' ... 
  yep , pretty much . 
  there used to be some , but they targeted mostly ... * domestic markets * . 
  they do if they are in the eu and they do if they are outside of the eu . 
  but the current situation uk put itself into - delaying decision whether to invoke article 50 and negotiate terms - leaves scientists in a position where noone really knows what to do with them . 
  hence the reluctance to involve them in anything . 
   they may no longer be able to get a visa scientists enjoy [ eu scientific visa ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/euraxess/index.cfm/services/scientificvisa ) . 
  it wo n't be a problem . 
  ( funny enough though - uk opted out from this programme , so currently they can not take in any scientists based on this visa , people have to apply for uk 's own `` tier 1 '' visa . 
  still - after they 're out they will be able to apply for it ) . 
  problem is that - until article 50 is invoked and negotiations regarding science are completed their situation remains largely unknown and there might be a period when they 'll have to move out and/or stop working on a projects that involve eu funding . 
  that makes their situation very problematic and further delays in invoking article 50 only make it worse . 
  i ca n't imagine the hellhole it 'd create if uk would delay article 50 indefinitely like many people suggest it should do . 
  noone 's abandoning basic eu principles , jeez , way to overblow things . 
  they do n't want them because they 're about to leave the union , not because of their nationality . 
  you wo n't hire employee for a 3 year project if you know that next year he will most likely quit , when you have dozens of alternatives without that risk . 
   i hope brexit will trigger eu reform towards decentralization , free market and liberty instead of trying to create a superstate . 
  that 's unlikely . 
  if anything - the trend is towards more centralization . 
  lack of power is precisely the problem eu faces - it has no ability to cope with the changes . 
  making it even more powerless would put in question it 's very existence . 
  however that does n't mean that we 'll see a superstate in a foreseeable future . 
  that 's something even avid federalists do n't see happening . 
  too much opposition and too little eu identity for that to happen . 
  thankfully there 's a very wide spectrum between ` powerless eu ' and a ` superstate ' . 
   t i feel now more than ever that the european project might go up in flames interesting , cause i got the exact opposite . 
  now it seems less likely than before the referendum . 
  if anything - it 's uk that seems to be torn apart . 
  huh ? 
  they 're not . 
  they always made them and their credibility did n't suffer . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  they want attention from press .
