  it 'd be against the international laws . 
  and ue along with us still tend to care about these   russia have unilaterally sent troops and military aid there ... 
  i 'm quite sure that russia did have a green light from assad ( which has , in a face of international community , still a government of syria ), 
  just to remind everyone that russia block humanitarian aid to syria numerous times during the conflict . 
  they 're not the '' * heroes * '' many of the redditors here try to paint them . 
  if not russian actions we could have significantly minimized the amount of refugees seeking shelter in europe , possibly even have this war over by now and un peacekeeping force deployed in syria . 
  russian actions and strong support to assads regime led to a situation we have now . 
   minimal entertainment satellite tv goes way above `` minimal entertainment '' . 
  even i do n't have it ... 
  i guess guy played too much europa universalis - out there there is no type of a government that would be an equivalent to federated eu , and merging states into large blob works best with an empire , 
  most ? 
  i would say : all of them . 
  german . 
  supposedly because of accent . 
  welcome to reddit . 
   european union members that do n't help refugees wo n't get money it is not an eu policy , and will never happen . 
  it was a comment aimed at an internal german politics . 
  there . 
  i said it . 
  can we stop repeating words of one minister as some nonsense that 's suppose to * prove * how eu is * evil * ? 
  the only way it could happen is if germany ( or whoever would be interested ) would build a wide front of several nations supporting that idea to obtain majority . 
  and we 're very far from that . 
  imho it has 0 % of becoming reality . 
  reddit goes way overboard with an importance of that thing . 
   suppose i 'd like to elect a eu leader current trend in the eu is to divert more and more powers into the eu parliament . 
  so individual leaders are more of an administrators than an actual leaders . 
   but we do n't have the democratic means . 
   suppose i 'd like to elect a eu leader who would understand better that the eu needs to act like a regional power in its ' geopolitical context . 
  first you talk about democracy then about strong leader ? 
  make up your mind please , either you want more democracy , or more dictatorship . 
   even boots on the ground if it comes to that because it 's a matter of our security that neighboring countries do n't slide into civil wars you 're asking europe to do what putin been selling to russians by his intervention in ukraine . 
  it 's never going to happen , europe is democratic , peaceful organization focused on internal matters , not trying to play a world , or even regional police . 
   but , unless i 'm german , or french , or perhaps british , i ca n't vote for that person . 
  you have as much right to vote as everyone else do . 
  you do n't seem to understand how eu even works , i do n't know how you could call yourself `` federalist '' ? 
   wtf is wrong with you guys , how can trump have more than 5 % support ? 
  it 's us man . 
  as someone said : what in europe is right wing - in usa is called a left wing . 
  they are like a different world . 
   i 'm talking about closer cooperation so that the interests of ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ central europe could be better protected within the eu , not some confederacy . 
  lovely , that 's the idea v4 politicians had too . 
  then they realized that in a vast majority of cases when v4 could come in play there is no such thing as `` the interests of central europe '', 
  ok , i guess in a way it does . 
  let 's put it this way : for most of the people - the moment you go abroad and you wo n't be deported - your are safe . 
  so as long as that number is greater than zero - there is no problem ( specifics might vary depending on international agreements between countries in question ), 
  thanks . 
  but on a side note : `` doing gods work '' in that case would be to be welcoming and converting them to christianity . 
  even more reasons to focus more funding on refugee camps . 
  i do n't see any * brotherhood * between ukrainians and poles , no more than with germans , swedes or belarussians . 
  ukrainians traditionally called russians their brotherhood nation . 
  [ edit ] of course there is war in ukraine , but think of it as a brother stabbing brother in a back - does n't automatically mean that suddenly xyz becomes a brother . 
   this means none of the countries are obliged to contribute to eu which leads to pretty fast disintegration of eu . 
  this means nothing . 
  it 's a comment aimed at the internal german politics . 
  it bears no relevance to the eu . 
  germany does n't even have a power to implement any such solution , even if it 'd want to . 
   no that does n't sound right . 
  this article is about a german domestic politician setting eu policy by decree . 
  you ca n't compare that to us politics . 
  i 'm most glad someone can actually see that distinction . 
  wish more people in this topic would . 
  i just do n't feel like i need to have any counter arguments against a person who is using a [ big lie propaganda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_lie ) and lacks any basic sensitivity , morale , or historical knowledge . 
  here is living proof that the education system failed some people . 
  shooting people , with automated turrets or not , is not a solution to anything . 
  how can you even suggest it is ? 
  for fuck sake , you 're from poland , millions of us suffered death from identical way of thinking by russians and germans . 
  you are brain-dead . 
  [ you mean these ? 
  ] ( http://www.gizmag.com/korea-dodamm-super-aegis-autonomos-robot-gun-turret/17198/ ) i think it 's safe to say that it 's not gon na happen , ever . 
  it 's morally incompatible with european values - if you do n't see it , you have some really big problems . 
  that 's the funny thing though - union does n't work if it 's not united . 
  in that case - it 's not . 
  still by far less than doing the same in europe . 
  implying that people in unhcr camps do n't have a shelter or food . 
   also this stuff in germany is significantly more expensive than in turkey that 's why germany should focus on helping refugees in turkey or other neighbour countries instead of trying to take them in . 
  i know it 's not that simple , but spending that 2.4 billion euros on camps in turkey could help several times as many people as it does in germany ( if not even more than that ) . 
  not to count the number of lives saved by not encouraging people to migrate through the mediterranean , which is what current polices did ( not only german but of a few different eu countries * de facto * actively encouraging migration ) . 
  great question . 
  and a follow up : why the hell none ? 
  there 's absolutely no reason no to do these things right now . 
  the sooner you provide for people in turkey or jordan , the fewer people will consider moving into the eu . 
  though i guess that question is applicable for almost every country in the eu . 
   if they flee from constription the distance does n't matter all that much , the amount of borders do . 
  eee ... no , it does n't . 
  that 's not how it works , really . 
   regardless the point stands , they have no business in europe unless they 've nowhere else to go between here and there . 
  how that 's different from syrians ? 
  they have plenty of countries between syria and hungary , germany or sweden . 
  also : saying that ukrainians have no business in europe is ... a bit short-sighted , to put it mildly . 
  ukraine is a european country whether you like it or not . 
  from table you linked to it appears that in q1 2015 , latest set of data , kosovo is , not syria . 
  we do n't really have any data from latest quarter , but my point was that syrians are n't a majority and that crisis is n't all about syrians like media are trying to present it . 
   look at switzerland it works out pretty well for them . 
  i would be delighted if poland would achieve the same level of public awareness on various subjects as swiss do . 
  instead most of what we have are a games on emotions . 
   the euro would be a burden for poland o , i see we have an economist here , who already knows that euro would be a `` burden '' . 
  please , do share your data on the subject . 
   if the euro is so great then convincing the general public of the truth will be no problem , right ? 
  sure , if there would be an honest information campagin . 
  meanwhile so far every time someone mentions euro in media turns into the [ fud ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fear,_uncertainty_and_doubt ) .
