  i 'm very glad i discovered him through reddit . 
  o_o missed the point . 
  how about pictures ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:world_income_gini_map_%282013%29.svg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:gini_index_svg.svg united states is basically an uruguay of income inequality . 
  [ no , `` the same '' never happened in kosovo ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/204ozh/crimean_parliament_declared_independence_doesnt/cfzwv3g ) ( and few other comments in this topic proving the point ) . 
  you replayed a main post instead of someone 's comment . 
  that 's an excellent idea . 
  prevents situation where tons of random , often stupid questions get answered only because they were first to come . 
  / u/aukensassistant - please , do that . 
  well , to be fair : most of it ( unemployment , taxes , poverty ) is a fault of global economic crisis and your government hardly could do anything about it nor eu could . 
  if anything - eu minimized negative consequences ( even solely be preventing total collapse of greece , portugal or ireland ) . 
  oh , and corruption is n't really fuelled by eu subsidies - it 's fuelled by money , lack of strict control over them and lack of consequences for fraud . 
  all of which are a matters of local law-making and citizen education . 
  best of modern reactors shut down themselves when exceeding certain temperature thresholds and human factor can not affect that process . 
   and what if it is 50 km this time instead of 30 ? 
  and what if it 's 1000 km ? 
  seriously - modern day reactors are nothing like the one in chernobyl . 
  germany never operated any graphite-moderated reactors . 
  noone will ever have to abandon hamburg . 
  no need to push the discussion into the level of ridiculousness . 
  even if someone would drop a bomb on nuclear power plant - it still would n't cause fallout comparable to the one from chernobyl disaster . 
  do n't create panic when there is no need to have one . 
   which is what makes me curious if this whole thing follows the regular procedure . 
  everything stopped following normal procedures when new pm was illegally elected ( from a pro-russian party with 3 pms out of 100 ) and parliament building was surrounded by armed man from foreign army . 
   fukushima happened because of a tsunami , and the germans freak out about it . 
  tsunami + the fact that they used old bwr reactor which is n't the safest one ever ( still though nowhere near as dangerous as one used in chernobyl ) . 
  everyone who heard about them would love to see it build and working . 
  sadly , for whatever obscure reason it is today - it 's not going to happen :(, 
   quite huge parts of germany uninhabitable . 
  let 's not go over the board with these `` huge parts '' ok ? 
  even in chernobyl exclusion zone is barely 30km in radius . 
  and a disaster of chernobyl proportions is extremely unlikely to happen in central and western europe ( read : no earth quakes , tornadoes , volcanoes ) with modern day reactors ( which shut down on their own if anything goes out of normal operation boundaries ) . 
  think of : as unlikely as having a volcano exploding in a middle of germany . 
   i know this is like cursing in a church , but why not replace those with newer buildings ? 
  or at the very least give home owners a ( big ) incentive to modernize ? 
  afaik according to law most of these houses ca n't even replace windows into modern multi-chambered windows ( heck : most of the pvc windows sold in uk ai n't even multi-chambered to start with ) . 
  not to mention adding any thermal insulation . 
  we need to do both at the same time . 
  you ca n't just switch from one source of energy to another in a blink of an eye . 
  and that 's pretty much what eu currently is doing as a whole . 
  too slow ? 
  perhaps . 
  never the less - progress is there and that 's exactly the direction we have . 
  median gdp grew as well . 
  but yes - differences in income grow pretty much world-wide . 
  if it makes you any happier : no country in eu comes even close to the horrific situation in usa . 
  temporary variations are nothing unusual ( eg . 
  2008 got much higher growth than usual - so 2013 balanced it out ) . 
  overall picture though is very positive and wages clearly raised since 2004 - graph in the article you linked to shows it quite perfectly , though it 's not mentioned in text itself . 
  oh , and just to clarify - wages stayed roughly the same - just inflation was higher than increase in payments . 
   that the economy will get better , that the corruption will be tackled . 
  these hopes were thoroughly crushed . 
  [ say what ? 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/czech-republic/gdp-per-capita ) how is any of that showing that `` hopes were thoroughly crushed '' ? 
  in 2004 when you joined eu your gdp was $ 11394 per capita , now it 's $ 14198 . 
  that 's 24.6 % growth . 
  yes - not epic , but still a growth despite of two economic crises we went through you increased your income by almost 1/4th . 
  by comparison - german gdp in the same period went from $ 33295 to $ 37479 - 12.6 % growth . 
  you did twice as well as germany . 
  yes , it 's bigger country with much higher starting point , etc. 
  but never the less - german government is considered to be one of the best in eu when it comes to economy and progress they made is still much lower then czech . 
  as for corruption - well , that 's internal matter of each country . 
  if people expected eu to micromanage your internal policies to that degree than i doubt anyone could prevent disappointment . 
  declaration passed with 78 mps votes out of 81 mps who voted . 
  slightly corrected google translate :  parliament adopted a declaration of crimea crimean independence and g sevastopol print  according to the allegations declaration voted 78 deputies of the supreme council of arc 81 prynyavsheho part in the vote . 
   declaration of independence of the autonomous republic of crimea and h.sevastopolya :  we , mps supreme council of the autonomous republic of crimea and sevastopolskoho horodskoho council , the provisions of the statutes based organization ob\u044aedynenn\u044bh the nation and second rows tseloho internationsl documents , zakreplyayuschyh right of peoples to self-determinate , as well as to accept attention confirm mezhdunarodn\u044bm court of justice against kosovo from july 22 , 2010 the fact , that one-side declaration of independence chastyu state violate not there any norms international law , accept following decision :  1 . 
  in case as a result of direct will of the people of the crimea coming on march 16 , 2014 the decision on occurrence of the crimea , including the autonomous republic crimea and the city of sevastopol , in structure of russia is made , the crimea after a referendum will be declared by the independent and sovereign state with the republican form of government . 
  the republic of crimea will be the democratic , secular and multinational state which undertakes to maintain the peace , an international and interfaith consent in the territory . 
  the republic of crimea as the independent and sovereign state in case of the corresponding results of a referendum will address to the russian federation with the offer on admission of the republic of crimea on the basis of the relevant interstate contract in structure of the russian federation as the new subject of the russian federation  declaration utverzhdena ordinance of the supreme council of the autonomous republic of crimea at the plenary meeting of vneocherednom 11 march 2014 year ( signed chairman of the supreme council of the autonomous republic of crimea v. konstantynov\u044bm ) and ordinance sevastopolskoho horodskoho council plenary meeting of vneocherednom on 11 march 2014 year ( signed sevastopolskoho horodskoho board chairman yu doynykov\u044bm ) . 
   that was the strongest in the world , ( ... ) then poles such moment of time never existed . 
  you 're imagining things . 
   why ? 
  pretty much because of the eu . 
  yep , most certainly you are imagining things . 
   people that tend to hold too much pride of beeing born in this pot instead of a neighbour 's one . 
  no need to give it up . 
  just form something in a style of uk . 
  wales and scotland are referred to as a `` countries '' and people living there call themselves scots , welsh . 
  even though in a face of international law they are not much more than a part of uk like every other is . 
   another problem is the complexity of the eu last 5 years or so really , really simplified structure of the eu . 
  and there are efforts made to simplify it even further . 
  so ... there is hope , 
   we need to roll back powers , i do not feel comfortable with politicians from some of europe 's most corrupt nations having a say in my life yea , we need to , i do n't feel comfortable with politicians from the most censored country in the eu having say on my freedom . 
  http://translate.google.com/#auto/en/rzeczpospolita%20europejska bottom right corner of the left window you have a speaker icon - click it . 
  for this one pronunciation is almost perfect . 
  two newest eu members will certainly be a challenge . 
  but heck : even poland is n't really up to standards of germany or sweden . 
   so neither am i opposed to calling ourselves just imperium i approve . 
  yep . 
  basically : at least one generation needs to past before we can get into a real union and start building common european superpower `` country '' . 
  politicians are way too focused on their own countries in order to embrace the idea of one , united europe . 
  children . 
  make them . 
  flyingorange just gave you a green light . 
  been on a polish-british wedding . 
  brits : sit and eat . 
  poles : dance , talk , party . 
  i was like : wtf ? 
  that 's normal ? 
  well , that 's a myth that suffers from confirmation bias .
