  * some pole made a violin out of 16 000 matches . 
  * man in nowy s\u0105cz went to jail for killing bees . 
  * 5 years old kid jumped out of the window on a 4th floor . 
  luckily - he survived , just shocked by a whole situation . 
  * 12 yo ski jumper got an accident , ended up in a pharmacological comma for a few days . 
  in the end though he woke up and his life is not threatened any more . 
  * someone made a statistics of suicides in poland . 
  seems like most per 1000 citizens happen in g\u00f3rny \u015al\u0105sk voivodeship - that 's the one famous from coal mines and highest population density ( it 's basically a cluster of several cities ) . 
  seems like coal mines and plenty of neighbors make you kill yourself . 
  * according to catholic church 3 % of poles live in concubinage . 
  * afghan war veteran went through successful hand transplantation ( polish hospitals got quite a lot of experience in transplantations - we even had one of the first complete face transplantations in europe ) . 
  yea , probably : / sux how past drags behind us . 
  germany will do that to defend us from unemployment . 
  and i guess noone will mind . 
  the further away from greeks and turks the better , 
  capturing negotiators , army without insignia - makes me wonder how many international conventions been broken by russians there . 
  france , uk , pacifist germany , greece and turkey got very capable armies . 
  turkey and greece being probably the most capable of rapid response if needed . 
   as a swede i 'm a also a good `` friend '' of poland . 
  although one of the last times poland and russia were allies as some sort of equals , it was against sweden . 
  look how that turned out [ i would say that it evened out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_%28history%29 ) . 
   besides - that was so long ago that by now most poles got a very friendly view towards sweden  . 
  well , single command will end up ruled by americans anyway - after all they got involved in so many wars that there 's hardly anyone out there with comparable experience . 
   this is a 9000km2 island , not an unsinkable aircraft carrier . 
  you really need to change a shape of your island . 
  it definitely looks way too much like an aircraft carrier . 
  jar-heads get easily confused . 
  ca n't wait to see who invades poland to defend it from gender ideology . 
   in the long run , when the indignation subsides , ukraine may wind up happier without a russian-majority region with secessionist ambitions and this will all blow over . 
  fun fact : ukraine gets gas discount for russian bases on crimea . 
  if crimea is russian - there will be no discount . 
  and that means death to ukrainian economy . 
  knowing this try to re-think your opinion . 
   and said vote is planned for a few months from now . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  besides - vote that was agreed before russians stepped in was about extending autonomy - not seceding crimea from ukraine . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  ukraine ca n't give it up cause it 's the only reason why they get discounts on gas - and without them ukrainian economy is dead . 
  also turkey will do everything it can to keep crimea in ukraine . 
  it 's against every their interests to allow russian crimea . 
  and they got very strong argument there : crimean tatars . 
  also keep in mind that turkish navy is a powerhouse comparing to russian black sea fleet making them a very strong player in a crisis . 
   europe needs to get off its russian gas addiction . 
  meanwhile germans just finished building new pipeline directly to russia in 2011 . 
  carriers are actually used for both - as world war 2 perfectly shown . 
  many people in eu got the same view . 
  sadly - politicians ca n't agree or anything . 
  heck - even here in comments you can see people saying that eu army is a bs idea . 
   us-polish relations are actually pretty good ( except for the visas last i heard yea , when us gets something out of it - it 's brilliant . 
  when poland wants some missile defenses , or regular us army base , or visas ( not that these matter anymore - uk is an easier place to go anyway  ) - suddenly us pretends poland does n't exist . 
  poles would n't . 
   the british army is incapable of fighting independently let alone against russia falklands war begs for forgiveness . 
   do n't forget who declared war on germany when you were invaded , and we did n't ask for any money unlike the us . 
  [ yea , we still remember what really happened ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) . 
   libya is a perfect example , every nato member voted for intervention there , yet very few contributed . 
  14 out of 28 nato members took active part in military intervention in libya . 
  most of the remaining 14 countries provided additional humanitarian aid . 
  i sure hope so . 
  and i 'm really afraid that if crimea wo n't change that - then almost nothing can . 
  just 0.08 % ? 
  germans were kind to them . 
  poland lost over 16 % :(, 
   i think the us ought to sit . 
  eu should take care of themselves or at least show some appreciation . 
  totally agreed . 
  it 's about time for eu military to do something 100 % on their own and show some decisive movement . 
   i mean i want to help eu but not when you guys act like we owe it to you and act like we you hate us for it . 
  fyi it 's the other way around : us drags european countries into every possible conflict they take part in . 
   i 'm so sick and tired of pussy eu not having any sort of functioning military . 
  [ ever heard of eurocorps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurocorps ) ? 
  or more importantly : [ eubg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battlegroup_of_the_european_union ) ? 
   yes , but the uk also receives less from the eu . 
  what is important is not absolute contributions , but less contributions . 
  i took net contributions . 
  one that includes both : money received and given to the eu . 
  ( sorry if i was n't precise enough ) . 
   also , you seem to live in the uk , but not like the uk ? 
  why did you decide to live in the uk if you do n't like it ? 
  i 'm just not a big fan of government and generic level of public debate about eu ( widely spread misinformation ) when you 've got eu referendum in perspective . 
  that 's all . 
   and i work in uk because i was hired by british company back when living in poland . 
  i 'm not really casual immigrant that moved to uk just for a sake of moving there and getting a job . 
  despite of what some of newspapers suggest - uk companies hire highly educated foreigners too , simply because they ca n't find specialists in domestic market . 
  well , situation in poland is quite silly , really . 
  for years and years major opposition party been blaming every single bad thing on tusk . 
  back 2-3 years ago it was a subject of jokes - when something went wrong people parodied opposition leaders saying `` wina tuska '' - ` tusk 's fault ' or ` tusk 's wines ' ( `` wina '' can mean ` fault ' or ` wine ' in polish '' ) . 
  but the `` negative propaganda '' continued for so long that eventually people started to use their rhetoric seriously and now currently ruling party is dropping in every poll out there . 
  yet another proof that lie repeated thousands of times will become truth . 
  ( that said though they got their own faults and own scandals - just like every government - but criticism seriously goes over the board comparing to the stuff they did ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 or 4 , 6 .  the data you linked to comes from 2011 . 
  both : 2012 and 2013 were estimations . 
   in a few years uk will be 8th when russia passes that 's an extremely optimistic scenario for russia  russians will be very happy if that happens . 
  we 'll see , but you need to remember that uk got very strong economy , russia is a colossus with feet of clay . 
  none . 
  it was just a joke relating to the `` carpet bombing '' of georgia , 
  you do n't read . 
  nord stream ca n't be used to circumvent ukraine . 
  it does n't have a capacity for that . 
  it 's too small . 
   if the uk is next to meaningless , does that mean that majority of the world is meaningless ?
