  merkel got noone to blame for these words but herself . 
  checking if they have no weapons , explosives , checking who they are , if they are actually from syria in a first place ( as opposite to some random african / middle-eastern nationals trying to smuggle themselves into germany pretending to be syrians ) , etc. 
   so does christianity my favourite argument for a defence of islam . 
  lol . 
  and some people still think it works . 
  laughable . 
  difference is that christians do n't want to see homosexuals killed nor promote beating women nor have entire churches shouting '' * dirty sluts , we should * *** kill *** * them * '' on a girls running around half-naked . 
   and speaking of secular tolerance , how strong are those values in poland ? 
  belarus ? 
  serbia ? 
  hungary ? 
  it 's different in every country you listed , just like it is different in norway ( ok , russia and belarus are quite similar , but that 's where it ends ) . 
  you tried to put them all into one basket ? 
  cause that makes no sense . 
  yep . 
  no country in the eu offers unlimited freedom of speech . 
  nor it should , imho . 
  rules of all sorts tend to be put in place because breaking them ends up badly for others . 
  even if they are not a member of esa , they are paying into the eu budget , and eu as such is co-funding the project . 
  so they do have some small share in it , 
   rules need to be enforced and laws need to be respected . 
  100 times this . 
  i wish all of the eu countries would put this as a priority . 
  did you even read my post ? 
  i 'm very well aware of that . 
  just pointing out that you should put the blame where blame belongs not throw it al on the eu . 
  you literally just contradicted your earlier statement . 
  if your reading comprehension is so bad - maybe you are the one who should stop commenting about anything on reddit , huh ? 
  fine , blame eurozone and blame ecb . 
  point the fault where fault belongs . 
   fucking sick of this fascist `` union '' . 
  jesus , people really need to take a fucking break , cause looks like they start to rave more nonsense than ever . 
  though on the other hand it might be a huge failure of the education system that it did n't manage to teach people like that kid here what does the fascism means . 
   he eu has control of the greek banking system eu has literally zero control over greek banking system . 
  none . 
  nul . 
  ingen . 
  eurozone countries can affect greek banking system , not the eu . 
  you are confusing two completely different things . 
   well what the fuck have we been doing so far then ? 
  junker was doing what he could . 
  which is n't much - eu has next to no ways of affecting eurozone . 
  as he said himself - fiscal recommendations eu was making were an empty words to the governments , nothing more . 
   who actually likes that guy aside from the german government . 
  i do . 
  seen some of his speeches live , seen how the guy behaves away from the cameras , he is genuinely a nice guy . 
  in terms of politics i also agree with most of what he is saying , including the every statement quoted in the article linked . 
  it 's also a great location to explore europe . 
  if you have a car you can easily visit a few countries for a weekend trips . 
  and it is a genuinely nice county . 
  you 're good in interwebz . 
   there are basically 0 romanian restaurants in the west that 's just as many as there are british restaurants . 
  lol, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i do n't know why , but i feel like your post assumes that spaniards that wanted to go to germany already did so . 
  meanwhile reality is much more complicated . 
  many of them do n't have a means of getting there and supporting themselves for first period until they find stable job and a place to live . 
  some of them do n't know a language . 
  many of the things that are a problem to unemployed spaniards suddenly are not a problem at all to any illegal migrant or refugee reaching the borders of germany as country takes care of them and provides far better , free support than to any europeans trying to find a work in germany . 
  so now every country can invade every other one simply on a basis of perceived problems ? 
  as / u/red _ dog1880 said - this was a no-win situation . 
  [ international energy agency says ] ( https://www.iea.org/media/freepublications/security/energysupplysecurity2014_germany.pdf ) that in 2012 german gas demand was 87.2 bcm , with 22.7 bcm storage capacity ( additional 8.2 bcm in planning or under construction ) . 
  so looks like you do n't have even 1/3 of a year covered . 
  and none of this is owned by government . 
  iea states that germany has no state-owned storage facilities - all of it is held by a private companies - and no compulsory natural gas storage requirements . 
  in the city itself quite rarely , but yes , it does happen . 
  what is it ... +5 \u00b0 c you have to assume for a difference between city and everywhere else ? 
  my thermometer ( in shadow ) says it 's true . 
  well then , there 's a spain and greece of unemployed people waiting for you , if you really need a work force . 
  there 's literally no reason to get immigrants from outside of the eu to cover the employment needs of any nation within the eu . 
   western europe buys about 30 % of gas from norway and russia respectively , well then , germany is already above average , and with this project it 's trying to make it even worse . 
   i think duda is a nationalist asshole who is trying to play polish public opinion that is very true , but in terms of factual political influence - he ca n't do much . 
   while poland itself if fully dependent on russian that on the other hand is not true . 
   maybe poland should instead expedite building the baltic pipe which has been in planning since 2001 instead of badmouthing germany for a change . 
  oh , we are building - the [ lng terminal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9awinouj%c5%9bcie_lng_terminal ) ( opening this year ) - that will allow us to import gas not just from norway but also from middle east and even us if they 'd be willing to sell it . 
   those countries are completely dependent on russian gas . 
  most of it is a legacy from the days before the eu . 
  we have next to no infrastructure to supply gas from anywhere else . 
  but unlike germany - we 're not building a new pipelines to russia , we are [ trying to diversify ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9awinouj%c5%9bcie_lng_terminal ) . 
   there is no russian leverage over germany hahahaha , good one . 
  russia delivers roughly ~ ~ 40 % ~ ~ ( [ edit ] 36 % per [ iea ] ( https://www.iea.org/media/freepublications/security/energysupplysecurity2014_germany.pdf ) ) of german gas supply , and your industry is heavily dependent on steady supply , while germany has relatively low reserves to survive any crisis . 
  it 's enough they cut it by 10 % and you are already heavily affected . 
  of course that russian has a leverage over germany , it 's naive to think otherwise . 
  it will be years before that changes , and things like nord stream 2 only increase russian leverage . 
  germany is literally doing the opposite of what it should have done . 
   the way things are going , it feels like the federal eu would follow the same everybody-do-as-chef-say style union . 
  only if you let them to . 
  just like it happens with the refugee crisis . 
   must be awesome to live in a tent with 100 other people , eat mass produced food and get 140 $ pocket money each month . 
  either this or be homeless with no tent , begging for money from people , and hoping one passer-by will buy you a bun ? 
  it 's estimated that in poland there 's 30 000 people in such a situation . 
  far worse than these migrants in germany are . 
  they 're obviously here already , coming with the current immigration wave , so ... [ s ] why not ?!, 
   that the leader of a country korwin is not a leader of anything but his own tiny , fringe , party that could n't get into parliament during last few elections . 
  heck - he eventually ended up outside of his own party , upr , and created a new one , korwin this time with his surname in the name , so he could n't end up outside of it . 
  lol he is a pathetic old retard . 
  not much more than that . 
   very often he 's right you are being very generous to what he says in various speeches / interviews . 
  wow ... in this whole post there is only two statements i can agree with . 
  this one :  russia ?
