  imho that 's the safest and most sustainable way . 
   also renewable energy can be created decentralized by normal people . 
  that 's where huge amount of subsidizing goes to , as otherwise people are unable to afford it . 
   you treat party as a monolith that has to be destroyed ? 
  do i ? 
  how did you come up with that conclusion ? 
  i absolutely do n't . 
  all i want is new , fresh parties coming in , including something that would cater to my views - centrist , pro-european democratic party that 's not afraid of doing necessary reforms . 
   you do n't see that parties are made up with individual people with individual views oh , i do . 
  but i alse realize that that your one candidate you vote for in jows does n't direct the government - it 's a party ( or coalition ) as such that does it . 
   i want to see power taken from party leaders and being put back to party members in each of the parties . 
  jows wo n't do that . 
  it 's a matter of political culture , not a voting system . 
  and we already do have parties that are n't leader-centric - look no further than psl . 
   i 'd rather see valuable candidates being elected jows do n't change anything in terms of how valuable people are selected . 
  parasites on a nation like macierewicz would still be selected with jows ( look up his election result ) . 
  it can change something in terms of how populist individual candidates are and how they try to tear stuff up from the public money to their own region with a total disregard of a common good , but that 's about it . 
   well here 's where we do n't agree and i feel it will stay that way , cause you live in an idealistic abstract world , being unable to face the brutal reality of a real world implementations of this system . 
  operating on simple abstract truth is easy , but i 'd highly encourage you to think more about how it works in real world and why for example brits are fed up with jows . 
  or subsidizing renewable energy . 
  they are , but still can run for quite a while , though current plans are to shut all of them down by the end of 2022 . 
  and imho the best solution would be to replace oldest reactors with a new generation . 
  but greens are against any form of nuclear reactors , no matter how safe they are . 
  it 's like kebab , mate . 
   i would consider his personal views in the first place . 
  which do n't matter cause in the end it 's parties that decide direction of a government and laws passed , not your selected candidate . 
  at the end of a day you still vote for a party - and jows are only causing people to be even more likely to vote on two largest parties cementing the po-pis duopoly that i 'd like to see broken and new parties introduced . 
  jows make it pretty much impossible . 
  look at uk elections - ukip gathered 20 % of support and when there was a chance for them to enter in a coalition with the government and have some real impact on politics - they lost miserably due to idiotic jows . 
  i want to see plurality and democratic representation of the views of society in parliment , not a system that effectively enforces two-party system . 
   in jow system parties will have to consist of more diversified views and leaders would have to fight for votes even within their parties . 
  that 's a false illusion . 
  just look through the comments of people from france and britain - your idealistic theory does n't work when crashed with brutal reality . 
   49.5 % of brits voted for parties explicitly against the jurisdiction of the echr does n't mean that they voted against the jurisdiction of the echr . 
  technically you do n't , not like the other countries do . 
  effectively british parliament can implement laws that in other countries would n't be possible due to infringing constitution . 
  read through the comments section - few other people already discussed the matter . 
  and let 's not forget affairs with greece and ukraine where merkel been very active and often hitting news . 
  i would n't be surprised if people interested in either of these would ` like ' her . 
   poland heads for presidential elections tomorrow , which are likely to be a predictable -- even boring -- affair and it came out to be quite the opposite ... 
  of course . 
  but no serious party catering to them . 
  majority of poles are centrist , but majority of parties are center-right or straight on right wing . 
  yes , it was , but it does n't mean we do n't know the cause of accident and does n't mean someone `` exploded '' the plane ( implied : russians or tusk with russians ) . 
   when you get elected in your district you do n't act against any of your voters but you try not to act against any of your main opponent 's voters either as you want to win them over to get re-elected . 
  you do that anyway , cause you still start in an elections . 
  there 's still your name on a voting card . 
  what you do n't do however is putting the interests of your region over the interests of your country - we already had a problems with that in a proportional system , so i ca n't imagine just how bad it would be in single-member-district . 
  it 'd basically turn into political oligarchy where people try to buy votes in their region at the cost of others ( see : train station at wschowa being by far , far more common precedence ) . 
   you become a representative of your region , of your people you are a representative of your people in the proportional system . 
  the single-member-district system got a huge flaw in that it evolves into two-party system , so even though your ideal model accounts for each person fighting for his vote - the brutal reality is that people have no choice - there are 2 major parties and whole game is played between their selected members in each region . 
  at the end of a day - it 's not individual people steering the country - it 's parties that do it . 
  so with smd you end up having only two options - either country goes in a direction presented by party a or by party b , the other votes are `` wasted '' , that 's the problem uk had - 4 million people voted for ukip and all of these votes were wasted , at the end they ended up having 1 seat in a parliament even though by all means they should be the 3rd force forming an alliance with leading party and having some actual , real influence on the politics and a direction of uk . 
   staying loyal to all people in your district becomes your priority . 
  i want parliament to stay loyal to the country . 
  not a tiny interests of individuals . 
  let 's not forget about these 30 % of people believing in smole\u0144sk conspiracies . 
  that probably includes also mr. duda who said , i quote :  it 's difficult to say what was the cause and what exploded , but i 'm convinced that the explosion happened, 
  oh yes ... good old days when every country around seen poland as an opponent ... 
  i know some that have a strong , unshaken faith in what jkm says for a good few years now , so ... 
  i would n't say that they change their views on monthly basis . 
  some certainly do , but not all ... 
  if anything - it 's a sign of failure of the education system . 
  seems like europe is slowly drifting towards populism ... very dangerous direction ... 
  i made some decent [ comparison of german and polish presidential powers ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35auuw/polish_presidential_election_thread/cr307sx ) . 
  in general many people think president in poland ca n't do shit , but reality is slightly different ... 
   since duda has already announced his support he already did ? 
  oh my god , i have way too good opinion about him  i do believe voting for a person and not a party is what democracy is all about . 
  i believe democracy is about the will of the people and not person a or person b. 
  and elections in uk showed beyond any shadow of a doubt that single district voting ** does not ** reflect will of the people . 
  it also allows easier access to the parliament for coordinated extremist parties and more difficult to very wide spread but still relatively popular parties . 
  the bads overweight any potential goods by an order of magnitude . 
  and i 'm laughing hard at the nativity of people who think it will suddenly turn politics into much higher quality . 
  look up last parliamentary elections results - people like macierewicz would still get into parliment with jows . 
  they already said that they do n't . 
  ~ ~ even they are n't that stupid . ~ ~ i keep on underestimating pis - apparently they do . 
  yes , it will be komorowski vs duda , thankfully kukiz and his nonsense demands are out , though he will probably try to negotiate something for a vote of support ... that said though i doubt either of the two candidates is going to agree for his demand of implementing single-member district voting system in poland . 
  who will win the second round ? 
  well , hopefully komorowski , last thing we need is a president that 's a conspiracy theorist . 
   now we can be pretty much sure we 're getting jows what kind of twisted logic made you believe that ? 
  after uk elections it should be more than clear that single-member district voting system is one of the worst out there . 
  definitely by far worse than what we have now in poland . 
  at a very most kukiz might negotiate referendum for that , but even that is doubtful - i do n't think either komorowski or duda would agree to that garbage . 
   but will increase quality of politicians in these parties significantly . 
  hahahahahaha , i 'm choking, 
  if someone is curious why they did n't just [ dump fuel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fuel_dumping ) - a320 is n't equipped in fuel dumping mechanism . 
  however in emergency a320 actually can land overweight , even with maximum fuel load right after take off , but for some reason it was deemed too risky and they decided to burn fuel instead . 
  perhaps / u/cieloroto can correct me , but on top of powers available to german president , polish president can initiate legislative process , which is a big thing , can stop any law by his right of veto ( can be overruled by 2/3 of sejm votes ) , and got some additional competences in military , being the supreme commander of the armed forces . 
  i seen some people here saying that a president has essentially no power , which is n't true . 
  traditionally presidents were n't using much of their power , but polish president got more power than many ( most ? ), 
  of other presidents in eu countries . 
   let 's see what the poles are ~ ~ saying ~ ~ complaining about today !, 
  ftfy, 
  glorious achievements of yurop !, 
  obviously . 
  i actually would like to see more interesting posts about elections all around the eu , not just uk , france and germany that we get here any way . 
  well , if you are into teenagers ... 
  french kiss would do it ? 
  we had a running joke in poland back in early ' 00s : why terrorists never attacked poland ? 
  cause the only skyscraper they can bomb or hit with a plane is a palace of culture and science and none of the poles would cry after that one .
