  housing . 
  but that 's quite an universal problem across europe . 
  technically - yes . 
  the city is so large and important because it 's an international gateway into europe . 
  when this stops - frankfurt will take over and london will gradually loose in the importance . 
  a lot though depends on the exact conditions of leaving - just as well it might end up with uk still having a broad , unimpared access to the european markets in which case frankfurt will loose an oppurtinity and city will keep on going largely unimpared . 
  he had to leave , because russians did not want to deal with anyone from poland . 
  it 's russians we 're talking about here - their [ unity day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unity_day_%28russia%29 ) is a celebration of expelling polish occupation forces from moscow . 
  they really do * not * like dealing with us . 
   why does it seem to be the poles giving us shit for sending troops there ? 
  first time i hear anything about that . 
  to be fair - governments are guilty of not stating that clearly enough . 
  if hungarians on every step would highlight that all they are doing is adhering to the laws , which laws , show that the fences are successful ( raw numbers , perhaps even some videos and pictures ) , show that they do process immigrants through the legal crossings - both : the image of fences and hungarian government would be much more positive . 
  they are lacking in sending a positive message on efficiency and being a law-abiding country . 
  that 's something that should be repeated over and over again , several times during every press conference until there is no media that just * happened to forget * mentioning that message . 
  from a fancy flags - polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  partially for sentimental value , partially for it 's sheer awesomeness . 
  from simple flags ... netherlands . 
  i do n't know ... it just looks great . 
  special mention for the eu flag . 
  it looks great too , and it makes me laugh when usa made up it 's own version of the eu flag with a smaller stars , so that their own flag would n't look silly . 
  special-care mention for the [ candidate for a flag of new zealand ] ( http://i1.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article5703589.ece/alternates/s1023/new-zealands-weird-new-flags.jpg ) . 
  that 's pretty much what happens * [ turkey to be officially proclaimed `` safe third country '' by the eu . 
  greek coast guard under german and turkish command to return refugees to special camps in turkey . 
  erdogan calls the shots . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3npyni/turkey_to_be_officially_proclaimed_safe_third/ ) * [ eu summit to pledge $ 1 billion to turkey ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lxukg/eu_summit_to_pledge_1_billion_to_turkey/ ), 
   that is , both of those countries have the materials , facilities and the expertise available to construct a nuclear device within about 1 year . 
  and what would you do with that one nuke ? 
  blow it up on a border with kaliningrad ? 
  the only use polish nuclear weapon could have would be in giving russians * casus beli * to turn a parts of poland they do n't like into a nuclear wasteland . 
  they 'd be useless in defending polish land ( which is the only thing we really want to achieve - we have zero interest in attacking russia ) , and developing tactical nuclear warheads ( that could be use for strikes against airfields , concentrations of troops , etc ) has it 's own challenges , and not just in warheads but also a means of delivery . 
   there are some pretty smart polish scientists around , actually polish nuclear scientists are one of the better around . 
  but in the end i think that it it does n't really matter . 
  other than reasons stated above and below in this reply - they have absolutely zero experience in nuclear weapons . 
   but i do n't know if you have the facilities for uranium enrichment , or the materials . 
  do n't have either . 
  though we do have facilities that [ could ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maria_reactor ) be converted for that purpose . 
  but before we 'd have enough material to do anything with it - we 'd most likely be sanctioned by an international community and half of the non-nato world turning us into a new north korea . 
  that 's why i said :  if argentina would manage to mount another invasion realistically they would n't , but this whole discussion runs around imaginary comparassions ( uk vs china , poland vs germany , other nonsenses ) , so i just played along . 
  i recall reading some analysis back in a days before uk upgraded falkland defenses ( which was ... between 2013 and 2015 if memory serves me well ) saying that the uk would most likely loose such a war and urging for additional funding for securing british interests on the islands - what eventually happened . 
   they have a rather recent example of successful defense of the falklands . 
  located very close to the aggressor but they still kept it . 
  that was over 30 years ago , back in a day uk was able to deploy 2 aircraft carriers , currently they operate zero . 
  victors and vulcans combined run nearly 500 sorties , currently uk does n't have any equivalent . 
  and so on , and so on . 
  currently long range strategic capabilities of china are far ahead of british - they got bombers , they got ( conventional and nuclear ) missiles , they got ability to transport their troops over long distances , and are far better prepared for amphibious warfare than uk . 
   uk does operate around the world and has experience , support and everything that the china hopes to have . 
  but that 's the thing , is n't it - uk would have that support from nato , just as every other nato nation would - nato being by far the most powerful military force in the world . 
  so in the end - it 'd be all nato vs china . 
  if they 'd be stupid enough to get into an engagement like that , which is highly unlikely . 
   we fought a full scale conventional conflict against argentina only 30 years ago these are ancient times in a perspective of every day army . 
  most of the hardware uk used in that war is n't used any more . 
  people that were fighting in falklands as a foot soldiers are now retiring generals . 
  arguably if argentina would manage to mount another invasion - this time uk would loose it miserably without heavily relying on us assistance . 
   `` better '' as in we 're the 2nd most innovative nation fair enough . 
   we have high productivity and very good defence industries so does france . 
  if it 'd happen anywhere in the southeast asia - british army would be a non-factor . 
   neither country has a capacity to wage a prolonged conflict far from it 's borders without external support . 
  uk , unlike china , does n't even have any aircraft carriers at the moment ( though they do build ) . 
   better combat experience do they ? 
  really ? 
  you underestimate just how busy france was outside of nato . 
   has better r&d `` better '' is such a subjective term ...  and a better economy than the french there 's no french replying here ... 
  i guess all of them are on a strike now . 
  that would be somewhere in chicago . 
  you do n't want that . 
  ell ... usa ... both have 3 letters . 
  noone will tell the difference . 
  that 's a total nonsense . 
  to begin with - chinese army is far more independent when it comes to supplying it 's army , so in any possible `` duel '' between these two they could cover british army with hats and win the war by suffocating it . 
  seriously though - chinese army could easily win with british by a sheer advantage in numbers that 's far greater than the current estimated advantage in technology , c&c and intel could give you . 
  but to begin with - no such war between the two could possibly happen as neither of them has a capacity of fighting war on a long distance against any country with remotely capable defense . 
  though in that field china currently has a small advantage and uk eventually might take a theoretical lead . 
  might . 
  south korean army is relatively advanced , they are far from being shabby , but they got a strong points in a different areas than uk does . 
  it 's similar with italy - they have one of the most underestimated armies europe , imho . 
  ukraine was , and still is , by far more important trade partner for russia , yet at no point it was an obstacle to start a * de facto * limited war with them . 
  just a few examples of the stuff that po used to go with on elections at various points of time : less bureaucracy , deregulation of jobs , simpler taxation , simpler legislature , increasing a role and financing of low-level government ( voivodships , cities , etc. 
  ) , more flexible education system adjusting to the market needs , simplifying procedures in national health care and introducing a computerized systems , building closer relationships with other eu countries ( especially baltics and fr/de ) , lowering national deficit . 
  well , it 's your personal impression . 
  i used to listen to some of petru talks long before he started the party and they are in line with the party programme , so they certainly did not write it based on any polls , but rather a generic idea of a model of the country they would like to see . 
   if you take a look at recent history of scandinavia , you will see that they were much , much poorer than we are atm when they started to build their welfare states . 
  they being rich is basically a byproduct of fighting squalor . 
  the path of scandinavia towards current state and the reasons behind it , including geopolitics , are nothing like any of the leftist parties can or want to reproduce . 
  it 's a topic for separate discoussion really , but if something - they still got a much better grasp of reality than korwin party or kukiz . 
  i would n't mind if they 'd be in , or form a government  their full program will be unveiled next week , so take a look . 
  i will do . 
  thank you for the heads-up . 
  intelligence ( secret service ), 
   yep ... just check out why did they receive almost 8 % in polls after one day of creating a party . 
  yea , cause right-wing media with clear agenda of destroying any potential opposition are the most valuable source of information [ edit just to clarify , cause somehow it was n't clear enough ] about why they received the percentage in the polls they did [ / edit ] . 
  you 're laughable . 
   it 's very similiar i just said that they are similar , no point repeating that . 
  you see : some people are not ( possibly far ) right wing and like many of the points in a po programme . 
   calling every opponent a `` fascist '' . 
  that never happened . 
  good luck finding any quites of them calling po or left fascist . 
  if they call anyone `` fascist '' - it 's korwin or kukiz . 
   most of anti-eu have checked out how eu works , and read some books/watched documentaries . 
  those who did n't can be pretty much called `` naive '' , but they are still a good people , because the eu is evil .
