  seriously ? 
  [ there , i made it for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cb7szot.jpg ) . 
  ^ ( ( special thanks to / u/yellow _ carrot and / u/red _ fs ) ^ ), 
  nope . 
  no uncle sam ships this time . 
  and then [ this happened ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_crisis_of_2007%e2%80%9308 ) . 
  i 'm not arguing that they followed their promises from the elections - they did not . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's a false statement to say that they did not do any reforms . 
   to address why you have polish neo nazis :     the majority of them grew up after world war 2 and were oppressed by an extreme - communism majority of polish neo-nazis are too young to grow up after ww2 . 
  they either were kids during the communism , or not even born yet . 
   just a temporary `` fix '' to make current stats look better . 
  not a current stats - future . 
  it 'll be gradually implemented over the years , unless new government changes the law . 
  and yes , it buys time for further reforms , but none the less - it was a necessary reform simply due to the demographic structure . 
   this is a huge problem , they had 8 years to try and fix it and that was the best they could come up with ? 
  yes , we definitely should be moving towards privatized system where every person pays for his own retirement , that in fact was underlying idea behind ofe ( for readers abroad - it 's * open retirement fund * , very vaguely similar to us individual retirement accounts ) , when they were introduced , following governments were suppose to gradually implement reforms transitioning from one system to another over the years , but that never happened , eventually leading us to as bad situation as we have now . 
  to make things worse : it seems that a new government does n't have any clue what to do next . 
  well , at least that 's my opinion on this whole matter . 
  not the first time i see a discussion like that . 
  i got engaged in that like ... 3 times ... 2 out of them i got down-voted to hell for stating that nazis were far-right , haha, 
  he was a national socialist . 
  an important distinction . 
  relevant : [ was germany 's nazi party an extreme left or right wing party ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2sybie/was_germanys_nazi_party_an_extreme_left_or_right/ ), 
   through 8 years our former government was so busy in making public relations , that they had no free time to reform anything you lived abroad during last year , you are so young , or just trolling ? 
  to give you one example that should be most obvious and recent enough for everyone to remember : the retirement age reform , rising it to the age of 67 years . 
   despite this we had very good economic results . 
  because of that . 
  europe went through two huge economic crises during last 8 years , yet poland managed to keep continued growth . 
  things like that do n't happen `` despite '' , they happen * because * of the government actions . 
   now we have government who wants to do some mayor changes , but they as always suck at public relations  it 's not a pr problem , it 's a problem with execution and fundamental flaws in their ideas to begin with . 
   and of course they make many mistakes because they are so impatient . 
  very true . 
  do n't know why all the craze now , last time they formed a government it was far more * normal * than the current craziness ( wow , i 'm surprised it came to the point i 'm actually saying that ) . 
   if law and justice will fail us , we will try someone else . 
  yep . 
  still roughly 3.5 year till elections . 
  makes it even more amusing to see this rush in pis and all the missteps because of that , they behave as if they 'd have only 6 months to rule . 
  i 'm impressed by the amount of buzzwords . 
  probably my favourite : '' * bailed out bankers , fund managers and resurgent oligarchies perpetually contemptuous of the multitudes and their organised expression * ''  economically na\u00efve officials says the organisation brought you by yanis varoufakis . 
  oh , the irony !, 
   one simple , radical idea is the motivating force behind diem25 :  democratise europe !, 
  for the eu will either be democratised or it will disintegrate !, 
  wow , that 's generic . 
  i might just as well go for a party with `` give me more money ! '', 
  slogan . 
  i 'm also amused by how this sends a message that eu is completely undemocratic . 
  perhaps these folks should start going to the elections instead of designing websites ? 
   our goal to democratise europe is terribly urgent , for without a swift start it may be impossible to chisel away at the institutionalised resistance in good time , well , this would assume that they 're going to form a government in all , or at least : most of the eu member states , and that 's totally unrealistic . 
  cause institutionalisation of the eu is a direct product of a compromises between the governments . 
  that 's aside from the fact that vast majority of the eu institutions * are * needed . 
   we give it a decade , by 2025 . 
  and if eu wo n't collapse by 2025 you 're going to give the money back to all the donors ? 
  is that like a betting system ? 
  cause i would bet that the eu will survive past that . 
   the proposed policies will be aimed at re-deploying existing institutions ( through a * creative re-interpretation * of existing treaties and charters ) what am i reading here ?!, 
  anyway ... it 's really loaded text with lots of high pitch phrases , but i 'm quite sure that : * they do not know how the eu works * they have no clue how to turn these random pile of ideas into an actual laws that might gain support across the eu * they do n't realize just how little support there is , or potentially would be , among a member states for most of the ideas they propose - heck : even among people i doubt they 'd be able to find 10 % of eu citizens to support them . 
  none the less - i applaud the attempt , and i 'm glad to see another pan-european political party , even more so as it does n't have a roots in an existing , national political parties . 
  they definitely have a huge amount of work ahead of them . 
  even in terms of formulating more ... realistic , and less loaded manifesto . 
  using various form of a word `` democracy '' in nearly every statement is n't a key to all doors - just ask various direct democracy movements across the eu , they pretty much universally failed . 
  but ... but ... poles never do terrorism !, 
  it 's just a good-hearted action aimed to support native population . 
   sweden arrests 14 catholic terrorists for planning asylum centre attack there , fixed that for you , 
  our neonazis still learn from yours . 
  if that 's anything to judge by ... 
   true , the only purpose of that group or v4 is to have a bigger voice on international affairs not to integrate . 
  and it totally failed in that regard . 
  they ca n't even agree on a most abstract , political level , on a things so fundamental to the security of a region as a war in ukraine . 
   intermarium ... seriously ? 
  do we even know which countries are supposed to join it ? 
  depends which right-winger you ask . 
   the eu institutions worry that budapest and warsaw are weakening democratic checks and balances . 
  `` worry '' . 
  there 's nothing to worry . 
  they already did it . 
  that ship has sailed . 
  right now it 's just probing what more they can do . 
   the commission took hungary to the court of justice for violating eu law by forcing the country 's 274 judges to retire . 
  the commission did not , however , activate article 7 of the treaty on european union ( teu ) against hungary and as a result now we have a 2-member club of countries in the eu with little respect to democracy , building their own vision of '' [ illiberal democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illiberal_democracy ) '' and most likely blocking any moves commission can do change this degradation . 
  and to make things worse - looks like france is about to join the * club * . 
   the commission may have hoped that while citizens of most member states would have seen its action as an unnecessary intervention in domestic matters , poles might react differently . 
  normally this could be countered by education , education and again : education , but situation in poland is so polarized , that no matter what anyone from the commission will say - it wo n't do anything to convince current law and justice supporters about the rightfulness and good intentions in their moves . 
  still better than what 's happening now ... by anyway : i meant it in a terms of some arguments used , not an actual execution . 
  well ... last time i heard polish and german neonazis got in a conflict over pegida , leading the the cancellation of pegida * event * in wroc\u0142aw - apparently poles were afraid that pegida would * steal * their * monopoly * on anti-immigrant hate . 
  so ... even that cooperation could use some improvements . 
  though there 's certainly quite a lot of shared interests between these groups ... 
   yes i am sure the french will be very happy with a german general / s it might surprise you , but poles are happy with german * generals * , and it works the other way too - germans are happy with polish * generals * . 
  our armies have an exchange programme where we command units from the other nation . 
  i would n't be surprised if you 'd have similar programme with french . 
   if it did n't work for pretty similar poles and czechs in the 20th century there was never any union between poles and czechs that would be remotely similar to the eu . 
  and no : ue is not ussr . 
  wow , your post is like a deja vu from reading about the early days of ww2 . 
  i guess no lessons were learnt . 
  well , that minus the fact that this integration took a centuries of wars ... 
  but yes , eu could take some hints from uk . 
  just like the pro-eu camp in upcoming uk referendum should take some hints from scottish `` better together '' campaign . 
  true . 
  but it changes very little to the series of failures on a polish side , which ultimately lead to the disaster , so personally : i do n't care much about it . 
  russians were just one factor in a huge landscape of catastrophic decisions .
