  you got it exactly the other way around . 
  leaving it without any real , punitive repercussions would be exactly what * not thinking things through * is . 
  it 'd undermine decades of relations with non-eu countries , and be a huge pusher for any country even remotely considering leaving the untion . 
  your * thinking things through * would lead to a collapse of the entire union . 
   it is much easier and non-controversial for the uk to take a position like norway or switzerland . 
  it would be controversial for british people , as they fully comply to the things that brits do n't like about the eu . 
  they pay money into eu budget ( and do n't have an access to the funds , unlike uk ) , they follow the freedom of movement ( if i 'm not mistaken - in terms of freedom of movement they got more open polices for eu citizens than what cameron negotiated ) , they follow most of the eu laws while having no say in them ( again : worse position than the one uk currently is in ) ... 
  i doubt brits voting * no * expect such outcome . 
  why countries should n't support these in trouble ? 
  that 's the essence of the eu - to support each other for the greater good . 
  it worked very well for central and eastern europe . 
  unless you mean that they should do more to prevent migrants getting into the europe in a first place - in which case i wholeheartedly agree . 
  something that people easily forget and politicians do n't want to hear about cause then there 's nothing to bravely resist from : eu gives a choice . 
  either you support countries by taking refugees or you support them by paying money in . 
  your country does n't * have * to take the refugees in . 
  they did not win the elections because of their stance on eu or immigration or any foreign policy . 
  it was all about pulling po out of power , and pis made itself to look like the biggest alternative with the most realistic chances of achieving that goal . 
  you seriously think that refugees will stop coming if schengen is closed ? 
  that 's like ... naivety bordering with stupidity . 
  is it ? 
  it 's mostly a reform of british eu membership , not the eu itself . 
  new eu treaty ( the way you actually can reform the eu ) is planned for 2020s . 
  a true shocker !, 
  bailouts bail out . 
  from other news : water is wet . 
   the greek crisis was solved essentially by german diktat . 
  funny , how at the same time i see people accusing troika ( which is , just to remind you , ec , ecb and imf ) . 
  now it 's germany alone ? 
  and fyi it was n't only germany that pushed for a solution implemented , to give you an example : in a few occasions [ finland ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/finlands-government-opposes-further-greek-bailouts/a-18579996 ) did n't wanted to give up any ground either . 
   with germany trying to get reluctant member states to commit to a common plan . 
  oh , i have no doubt that the eu politics are facing a real change with the old trio of the most influential countries - uk-fr-de - broken by the first two members backing up from decision making in the eu , but it 's not like germany took anything by force , simply noone else was there to push these power dynamics forward , so germans did it . 
  though let 's not forget that germans have a very strong backing from most of the members , only these members simply choose not to face the consequences and blame germany if anything goes wrong . 
   note that i 'm not arguing for or against anything , just pointing it out . 
  i still do n't see how 's that making eu * more dysfunctional * . 
  eu functions as it did before either of the crises . 
  there 's more blaming of the germany for ... well ... everything , and they reassured their leadership position in the european council ( aka . 
  among the eu leaders ) that already was there before , but functionally - it 's still the same . 
  i do n't know , perhaps it 's just you had no idea how eu actually works before the greek & refugee crisis , and that leads you , and like-minded people to this conclusion . 
   surely you can have a union with some amount of self-governance , the question is how much . 
  of course . 
  problem is that what eurosceptics want is a truly dysfunctional union , without any power to really do anything , as every parliment would be able to cripple any attempted move . 
   the eu is increasingly dysfunctional what with the migration and debt crises . 
  how ? 
  depending how you look at it - it either went unchanged ( hence it 's loosing by inaction ) or very slowly gets better ( hence it 's loosing by being too slow to adapt for rapidly evolving situation ) . 
  i do n't see any how eu is * increasingly dysfunctional * , in fact : pretty much nothing changed in the way eu functions during last 2 crises ( to a great frustration of many ) . 
   brits want to safeguard their own decisions against eu diktat . 
  there 's only as far as this should go . 
  there 's a reason why veto rights were dismantled in the union history so early on - because countries * safeguarding * themselves on everything from the eu leads to a union only on paper , otherwise pointless expense . 
  very stronk !, 
  all the common interests !, 
  even here on reddit we 've seen some leaks and the final deal is n't hugely different from them . 
  not surprising , really , that some group cough on that and went ahead in their over-eagerness . 
  i 'm quite sure that there would be no concessions that would make people happy . 
  if eu would agree on one of these `` lists '' circling around the internet of what britain `` must get '' then it 'd spark renegotiation with norway and switzerland as well as be a huge impulse for other member states to just leave the union . 
  27 countries can not be slaves to the demands of 1 , while the brexit camp at this stage basically would want just that - all the perks without any commitments for the uk . 
  no law is . 
  just the end effect of 1951 refugee convention is that they can stand on your country doorstep and ask for a refugee status , whether you like it or not . 
  idea is there , signed and all , but it 's not fully implemented yet . 
  and even if it would be - migrants affected by quotas are just a drop in a bucket . 
  fuck yea !, 
  europe of the free cities !, 
  every country can . 
  alternative is to pay solidarity fund , to support countries that do take the migrants in . 
  they already opted out from schengen zone . 
  so they do border controls . 
  independent london city !, 
  i 'm quite sure that your country out of eu would still be a signatory of the 1951 refugee convention . 
  last time it worked on a bigger scale than expected . 
  my countrymen never fail . 
  hell in tunnel ? 
  i do n't know ... sounds hot to me . 
  that 's a new one . 
  good luck to them , to make it all run will be a huge challenge , even from a legislative point of view . 
  interesting to see if they 'll succeed . 
  hm ... if blue is crisis and white is surrender ... the flag of greece gets a whole new meaning !, 
  i do n't know , having 9 flags on 9 buildings coordinating their own groups sounds more expensive to me . 
  only it 's an expense that 's much more difficult to track and summarize . 
  you think that making something between the governments instead of through the eu magically makes it cheap , not requiring any staff , and better by having noone to take control of it , instead having every group controlling it 's own bit ? 
  seriously ? 
  oh , yes , i know . 
  when someone from abroad visits me i call them `` polish kebab '' - cause it 's not doner either . 
   a greater need for firearms for hunting , you mean poaching . 
  you ca n't just go and shot animals randomly with a gun . 
  there are seasons , quotas , you actually have to pay for the animals shot , etc. 
  basically : you need to be an actual hunter to go and hunt for an animal . 
   protection of self or livestock from animals attacks on humans are extremely rare , and usually it 's tourists from the cities that get attacked , not a local population that could own a gun . 
  in case of an attack on livestock state forests will refund any loses ( or is it partially state forests , partially municipality ? 
  i do n't remember ) . 
   or even home defense yes , cause what we need are people killed because they tried to steal a tv . 
   why is poland seemingly the most anti-gun country in europe ? 
  not really anti-gun , just ... reasonable - that 's how i would describe our policy . 
  you can own lot of weapons without a license that do require one in many other eu countries ( pepper spray , airguns , tasers , etc. ), 
  and at the same time people who want guns for sports , hunting , etc. 
  pass an exams and tend to be controlled . 
  my life was built on lies !, 
  it 's quite great . 
  worth a visit imho , especially this year , because of the [ european capital of culture ] ( http://www.wroclaw2016.pl/en ) . 
  yep, 
  raspberry pi is made in europe , at [ sony 's uk technology centre ] ( http://www.sonypencoed.co.uk/ ) , does that count ? 
  just to clarify : potato salad is not made from a raw potatoes .
