  real life is not eve , i 'll pass . 
  poorly made photograph ... weather did n't make it any easier for you either . 
   they ended up voting a groomed russian agent for president . 
  most did not ... they just have a fucked up election system , that in design was intended to prevent just that , but instead let it happen . 
  that was the intend behind said eu law , and that 's precisely the kind of procedures they described , however commercial companies , as someone else pointed out , `` played hardball '' and decided to fuck it . 
  haha , they 're that stupid ? 
  statistics are a very valid reason to . 
  most of the sales models and website optimizations are done through stuff like google analytics , and these require you to to use cookies . 
  yea , they do . 
  it was even a question during ep presidential debate - everyone said yes to moving out of strasbourg . 
  coming from an italian - guy whose country has no vision nor a stable government for that matter - priceless . 
  largely due to shared values . 
  let 's put cern into a good use !, 
  for once ? 
  huh ? 
  remember - every time an investor says , ' i do n't invest in eastern poland ' , there is a fairy somewhere that falls down dead . 
  amusingly though - if he 'd say yes/no it would n't cause any scandal , they entrenched themselves in a position where they 're pretty much provocation-proof , no matter what it 'd reveal . 
  seen that on tv . 
  one would think that he 'd learn something about foreign affairs after over a year in the office , but ... nope . 
  well , they 're not '' * the government * '' , but fair enough . 
  funny how your post is just conforming to stereotypes without even realising that . 
  muh yurop diversity , the best diversity of all , pagan africans one culture in comparasion . 
  lol, 
  well , comparisons to mordor are quite fair , at least as far as the deaths of humans go ... :p, 
   both po and pis pretend there 's no problem when did that happen ? 
  afaik po has a strong stance that it is an important problem , accusation is that they did n't do much before to address it , and to be fair : neither did pis during their previous government nor anyone before them . 
  also : po is not a government . 
  it adds to the confusion ( which is further deepened by the fact that in some languages these are not called presidents but rather chairmans ) . 
  as if there would be dozens of seats there , lol . 
  countries fight to have a commissioners , i see no reason why anyone would send a politician on that post he 'd want to get rid of . 
   but is steadily gaining recognition i doubt that 's the case . 
  the peak of its recognition was during the debates before elections . 
  from there on it pretty much went down the hill . 
  lack of recognition ( not just a brand , but the actual policies ) is a serious problem for razem , no point pretending that it 's heading in a good direction when it 's not . 
  yea , so it 's not a `` power only in theory '' . 
  also countries do n't send politicians - they themselves opt to candidate for ep , then are elected by the people , including those like you and me . 
  noone can force anyone into ep . 
  nonsense . 
  we 're past the lisbon treaty already . 
  it 's not * that * difficult to find . 
  [ annex a - hate crime and the eu referendum ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/559319/hate-crime-1516-hosb1116.pdf ) , page 22 onwards of the pdf , though you can jump straight to page 23 , figure a1 . 
  there 's a clear up-tick right after the referendum , which took place on 23 june 2016 . 
  that 's the latest annual report , feel free to [ look for ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=site%3a*.gov.uk+hate+crime ) other data . 
   there is an increase in these offences recorded in june 2016 , followed by an even sharper increase in july 2016 . 
  the number of aggravated offences recorded then declined in august , but remained at a higher level than prior to the eu referendum . 
  these increases fit the widely reported pattern of an increase in hate crime following the eu referendum . 
    poles living in the uk  ee * triggered *, 
  usually poles that have a friends who are british are not the victims - they tend to ... mask better . 
  poles that barely speak english or not at all ... well , their life is much different . 
  no tolerance for bs , sorry to disappoint you . 
  actually : they are going to . 
  this 85 % must be very well hidden , cause whenever i looked to buy train tickets in uk they were always prohibitively expensive ... 
  basically a duplicate of [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5lf6wt/jeanclaude_juncker_blocked_eu_curbs_on_tax/?st=ixhsbnfx&amp;sh=8ec5b6b2 ) only in a much more fear-mongering form , without substance to back the claim in a clickbite title . 
  someone should make doggerland great again . 
  it was n't `` almost exactly the same '' , differences were quite substantial , addressing issues raised by the government ( note that it 's very different from * every group that ever opposed it * , which is what reddit apparently expects ), 
  i do n't know , but during the whole brexit campaign birts were told over and over again how weak their country is in the eu . 
  i presume `` strong country '' is always the other one than yours . 
  jesus , that misinformed bs again . 
  the flaws of media reporting of trump 's candidacy are a fault of media , not clinton . 
  these two are a very separate topics . 
  i 'm talking about media coverage of one specific populist , you 're thinking about us election campaign as a whole . 
  i agree that clinton was an awful candidate that made her share of mistakes during the election , but it got nothing to deal with a situation in germany . 
   you seem to be angry that a politician answered questions like a politician . 
  if he 'd behave like a politician , and answer questions as such , with all the knowledge and competences it implies - he would n't be nearly as much of a problem as he is . 
  look at the striking difference between the way trump answered questions and clinton did - clinton answered them like a politician , trump answered them like a show man . 
   but even then almost all his publicity was negative . 
  not at all , not even remotely close . 
  vast majority of coverage was just reporting of what he said , and what he said was what people wanted to hear . 
  there were a lot of * scandals * on things that are not scandalous at all ( eg . 
  the whole small hands bs ) , or without real impact on the effects of candidate 's presidency , while almost no focus was put on an actual polices and challenging him on them . 
  guy never should be able to get away with repeating the same nonsense detached from the reality twice , in a different form , and having that accepted as an answer to the question . 
  journalists should have in-depth knowledge of the topic . 
  an ability to challenge every nonsense said , and most importantly : the will to do so . 
   i do n't understand what you wish they had did . 
  i thought it 's obvious from my previous answer ? 
  challenge him , force him to talk about issues in full sentences , addressing questions and predictable consequences of decisions , stand up for truth and reality , [ read ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/08/us/politics/matt-lauer-forum.html ) the article i linked , it has some nice examples , to begin with . 
  journalists tried to be neutral , or at least tried to look as such , but forgot how to be objective . 
  being neutral without objectivity allows populists like that grow unimpaired . 
  she was definitely a wrong pick for a candidate . 
  and it seems like democrats have n't learnt anything since then , they 're still fully committed to supporting individuals that people associate with nothing else than an establishment , without realising that it 's a deadly trait . 
  the fact that they won a popular vote certainly does n't help them in addressing this core issue . 
  in a sense it 's a miracle that they managed to pick obama as their candidate 8 years ago , but again : different times , different attitudes . 
   they did call him out , that 's all they did hardly . 
  look at the debates . 
  they allowed him to talk bs , and even if there were any follow up questions - he just repeated the same bs in a different way , topic closed . 
  it was all propelled by `` he said , she said '' journalism , giving equal weight to statements of all sides , regardless how absurd they were ( hello climate change deniers ) , and media not giving points for actual polices , instead preferring to talk about bs * scandals * that were only a distraction from the real issues citizens were facing . 
  look at matt lauer interviews during the nbc 's presidential forum - great example of dozens of other interviews - tough , on-topic questions for clinton , while at the same time no serious pressure on trump , even though he could have been called out for talking lies multiple times . 
  and if guy even attempts to call trump on some of his lies - trump lashes out and lauer gets intimidated instead of standing up for truth . 
  pathetic . 
  ( i 'm pointing out lauer specifically , because he was [ called out ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/08/us/politics/matt-lauer-forum.html ) for his behaviour , but he is hardly an exception , it was the same during republican debates and later on during presidential debates , coverage of his press conferences , coverage of the shows he made during campaign trial , and so on . ), 
  and so that nonsense continues , with media celebrating trump bribing a company into staying in us ( co-called `` carrier deal '' ) , what supposedly saved , according to trump , 11000 jobs ( in reality more like 800 , but who cares about reality , right ? 
  one can be off by an order of magnitude and expect next to no media backlash for that ) , while during 8 years of obama there were on average over 3800 jobs [ created ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jobs_created_during_u.s._presidential_terms ) every fucking day of his presidency that trump & his supporters hate so much . 
  but who cares about maths , right ? 
  glorious leader makes the show , everyone report , we 're all celebrating . 
  for that one point - of course . 
  i ca n't imagine something that important being decided in secrecy , without public opinion knowing the stance of its government . 
  though ideally it 'd be a subject of elections , cause public should have a choice of which model to pursue . 
  first it 'd be good to decide on which form of brexit they 'd want , cause there are problems even with that one , and then deal with the outlash from large portions of public expecting various different , completely incompatible models . 
  and while you can do a lot before that point - there 's still work to do afterwards , all of which will most likely push the whole thing safely past 2017 . 
  and that 's without going into disputes on early elections which ideally would be called right before article 50 , so that new government triggers it and conducts negotiations with support of the people .
