  depends on a sources . 
  some say that they actually do get paid other that they do n't . 
  hard to tell which version is truth . 
  yep , so in the end tactic worked brilliantly . 
  lol, 
  i remember that one . 
  was totally confused cause i always thought that czech republic is quite well known in us . 
  same on a polish-german border . 
  germans living in current western poland were exiled as well . 
  never knew that there 's some grading scale . 
  i thought it 's just about historical origin in these days . 
  so ... there 's something higher than royal ? 
  so ... national is worse than royal ? 
  there 's some grading i should be aware of ? 
  no observers , do n't know about anonymity - crimean government does n't have an access to the list of crimea citizens , so ... this limits possible scenarios . 
  that one is available only to tatars . 
  you 'll always find someone who does n't like eu . 
  just like you 'll always find someone who does n't like beer . 
  or potatoes . 
  or chips . 
  or pizza ... you get the point . 
  weird . 
  in poland our farmers party ( psl ) is pro-eu and pro-integration on pretty much all fronts . 
  yea , they complain that not enough money goes to farmers ( lol ) but in general they 're very much for european integration . 
   jobbik has about 13 % electoral support according to the most recent polls . 
  what is ironic is that they encourage improving the relationship of hungary and russia . 
  looks like after crimea it 's going to be more like 3 % than 13 % . 
   weird timing for this to come out ? 
  not at all . 
  eu right now fights for principles , justice , democracy - his request for asylum might be a chance for eu politicians to show that they in deed care about all of this , not just grabbing geopolitical influence . 
  they already were given that chance few months ago . 
  all of them denied him an asylum . 
  he probably wants asylum in all eu countries . 
  i know he sent requests to few eu countries back in a day - poland was just one of them to deny it ( which caused a little bit of an uproar ) . 
  as far as i wish he would be granted them - imho chances for that are less than slim . 
  stupid politicians . 
  i 'm blind or my screen is too small - ca n't see a thing on that photo . 
  video is better . 
  stalin would be proud . 
   if they wanted to , it 's not that easy . 
  there are international treaties that obligate turkey to allow any ships through that meet conditions . 
  fyi : ukrainian media were first to publish this information . 
  as for pictures : look up above , someone posted links to videos . 
  how ? 
  there 's enough russian soldiers alone on crimea to over-vote anything anyone on crimea wants . 
  if they 'd take part in voting they 'd validate and acknowledge referendum . 
  which in no way is democratic or legal . 
  you do n't do referendums about joining another country if armed soldiers of that country watch your back . 
  if chechnya would be a free country - there would be no terrorists fighting for ... guess what ? 
  freedom of chechnya . 
  but yes , i disagree with their methods . 
  i also disagree with methods of ira which just recently was blowing up stuff in liberal , democratic europe . 
  i would say : what matters is just a brute force , period . 
  people can be moved around as stalin perfectly shown . 
  situation in chechnya and crimea is vastly different . 
  few highlights : * chechen people live in their fatherland for centuries . 
  majority of crimean population was brought there by stalin from russia after [ deportation of the crimean tatars in 1944 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_the_crimean_tatars ) . 
  * crimean tatars started moving back to their homeland after ukraine become independent . 
  currently their leaders [ protest against russian intervention ] ( http://www.voanews.com/content/tatar-leader-russian-action-in-crimea-illegal/1866032.html ) ( [ they also plan to boycott refferendum ] ( http://www.unpo.org/article/16920 ) ) and the last thing they 'd like to see is russia grabbing their homeland . 
  they asked , between other , turkey for support . 
  * in 1921 russians attacked and conquered independent state of chechnya . 
  crimea was annexed by russia in 1783 , passed to ukrainian ssr in 1954 , become autonomy in 1991 . 
  * chechen people got their own language , distinct culture and identity preserved over generations . 
  they also have a different religion ( islam ) than majority of russia . 
  * currently over 95 % of chechnya population are chechen . 
  that 's more than there ~ ~ is ~ ~ was russians on crimea before the intervention ( little bit over 58 % ) . 
  * chechen do n't have their own country anywhere in the world . 
  crimea borders with russia . 
  imho the saddest story in a hole crimean conflict is the one of crimean tatars . 
  majority of public opinion does n't give a shit about them . 
  there 's only a talk about crimean russians desire to join russia and how they have a right to determine their own fate . 
  noone cares that they barely moved in or that just before russian intervention sagnificant majority of crimeans did n't want to see crimea in russian hands . 
  chechnya is an islamic region . 
  so it 's obvious that guerilla is islamic as well . 
  you expected buddhist uprising there ? 
   a un mandate for third party troops is better , i agree . 
  however today un observers were again not allowed to cross crimean borders . 
  and that 's just a small unarmed group . 
  i do n't see a chance for russians to allow any independent security force in crimea . 
  sadly . 
  you mnotme and boilerbuttslut pretty much nailed all of the major reasons . 
  well done . 
   or if kosovo had decided to join albania it would have not been okay ? 
  if it 'd be occupied by albanian forces without any internationally recognized reason during the whole process and have decision about referendum made surrounded by albanian army with illegally elected pro-albanian prime minister ... and the referendum happening in one and a half a week after voting . . and have albanians brought in a buses to kosovo ... then no - it would n't be ok . 
  very nice design , and really symbolic in a way . 
  it 's also quite humble , and allows people really think of what happened there instead of just simply admire architecture . 
  well done , well done . 
  as i said elsewhere - every move of west is very carefully watched by countries like iran or north korea . 
  if crimea will be allowed to permanently stay in russian hands - it 'll cripple negotiation ability of every western country as well as set up several extremely dangerous precedences ( most dangerous of all : legitimize usage of unmarked soldiers ) . 
  in a way : this conflict can change the way wars are waged and diplomacy is done . 
  weakness of europe and us will be exposed to the entire world . 
  west ca n't afford loosing crimea even more than ukraine itself . 
  only problem is that right now i doubt most of the western leaders even realize what are the stakes here . 
  yep . 
  us pretty much can forget about disarming iran from nuclear weapons . 
  or for that matter : any other country , including north korea if situation would ever make it possible . 
  invading ? 
  why we would invade it ? 
  ukrainian government got a right to invite any foreign army it 'd want on it 's territory . 
  russia never got a permission for what they are doing now .
