  feeling is mutual , 
   finance , even up to 75 % of the value of such projects , gas storage capacity and gas links in countries which are now most dependent on russian gas germans will be very happy to see money flow in their direction   full use of the eu 's existing fossil fuels , including coal and shale gas that wo n't be easy with all of these people opposing coal and shale gas ... 
  most probably it 's for real . 
  [ wikipedia got very well-sourced material on the events ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/donetsk_people%27s_republic#anti-semitic_policy ), 
  more popular topic : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23972a/separatists_in_donetsk_are_ordering_jews_to/, 
  to confirm your version of the story : vice news guys found out pretty much the same - afghan war vets all over the place , but no professional soldiers to be seen . 
  though they did find a video showing russian officer giving orders to the police from a building captured by the `` green men '' . 
  so it might be simply that russians changed the tactic when it came out whole world did n't believe the russian version of events in crimea , and they decided to control puppets from a second line , where gru and specnaz are much more difficult to spot and prove their presence . 
  for those interested : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtdky8tl2b0, 
  and why would you measure it only by a level of violence ? 
  usually violent riots end very quickly . 
  imho it 's more important how long all the events took . 
  but ok , just for the record : how long did it took in romania when they had their own revolution ? 
  6 days or so since the first death that directly lead to overthrowing government ? 
  in euromaidan by comparison first death happened on 22 january . 
  that 's roughly a month . 
  hardly anything quick . 
   i actually should have clarified , because i meant `` swift '' , not easily . 
  how fast did the revolution take ? 
  a month , maybe ? 
  only a month ? 
  how ? 
  it took from [ 21st of november till ... well , it 's still there for matter a fact , but let 's say that it was till 23rd february ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_the_euromaidan ) . 
  overthrowing communism in few central european countries took less than that . 
  and it was by far greater change than the one ukrainians had . 
  russians are culturally russian . 
   http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2014-04-04/putin-s-rejection-of-the-west-in-writing  `` russia must be viewed as a unique and original civilization that can not be reduced to ` east ' or ` west , ' '' reads the document , signed by deputy culture minister vladimir aristarkhov . 
  `` a concise way of formulating this stand would be , ` russia is not europe , ' and that is confirmed by the entire history of the country and the people . '', 
   what we really need is a european defense pact yes we do . 
  only right now nato is the only pact that works , and it works only because usa puts it 's money on a table . 
  in eu there 's next to no countries that increase their defence budget or fulfil 2 % minimum . 
  there were plans to create unified army , but with the raise of nationalists and eurosceptic parties - it 's extremely unlikely to happen . 
   will hopefully keep global adventurism at bay eu defence pact will never fulfil that role . 
  eu countries are way too selfish and concentrated purely on self-defence to do anything at all . 
  even now in france there are plenty of voices against sending their forces to poland in an act of solidarity with eastern eu countries - solidarity that does n't require anyone to put his life on a line of fire ( though french government did send them anyway ) . 
  10000 $ is a huge pile of money by ukrainian standards . 
  certainly guy had a brilliant idea to get the results he wanted . 
  i 'm curious if any results of that will be published . 
   he also asks in the letter , addressed to google boss eric schmidt , whether google intends to create a superstate where anti-trust and privacy laws do n't apply . 
  google with facebook already made one . 
   `` and zuckerberg said : ' i do not understand your question . 
  those who have nothing to hide , have nothing to fear . ', 
  oh yea , the infamous quote so commonly used by the self-proclaimed advocates of social media and nsa . 
  so . . where 's that proof again ? 
   you 're also minimizing what putin has done . 
  nope , he is not . 
  read his post again . 
  proof ? 
  only a real proof , not just speculation what might have happened . 
  snowden made an oath :  i will support and defend the constitution and laws of the united states of america against all enemies , foreign and domestic when he found out that the threat to the constitution is a domestic one - he decided to upkeep it . 
  whatever he is right or not - it 's something yet to be judged , some say he was wrong , some say he was right . 
  in either case though - imho he did not betray his country , quite contrary , he decided to uphold his oath to the usa as much as he possibly could . 
  where have you been during last year ? 
  in us no data goes to curt if it 's anything about `` foreign nationals '' or intelligence `` does n't know '' if it 's from us citizen or not . 
  and even for the data of us citizens there were abuses where us citizens were under surveillance without a curt order . 
  yes , it is a targeted . 
  what are the merits of targeting is another problem . 
  if it 'd be mass - you 'd see whole city or country seeing the same fate . 
  yea , it was explained somewhere why he could n't reach south america - plane would need to fly over eu or us space , and we already know what happens to the planes that are suspected to have snowden onboard . 
  words of the man himself :  `` of course our troops stood behind crimea 's self-defense forces . '', 
  so after spending a month trying to deny it - now suddenly it 's official ? 
  in 2 months we 'll get the same news about eastern ukraine , i guess , seeing how they deny involvement in exactly the same way they did in crimea . 
  there are few places in poland where you can buy indian food , but it 's not popular and first random take away in uk got much better indian food than the best one i tried in poland . 
  hungarian pancakes ok , tbh : i do n't know if it 's from hungary , we call them this way in poland . 
  it 's basically a pancakes with meat , spicy sauce , some vegetables . 
  really great . 
   the whole emissions and environmentalism thing should not be seen as something moral anyway . 
  why not ? 
  making sure that our children will live in a planet that was n't ruined by our generation does have some `` moral '' roots in it . 
   it is a technical question of how to keep the planet habitable for the long run not some kind of a self mortification ... one does n't exclude another . 
  you can care about technical merits and morality at the same time . 
  it was n't mandatory ? 
  you 'll never be able to tell what is and what is n't a `` top technology hub '' without picking a criteria to judge it . 
   countries like poland believe climate protection is too heavy a burden , and yet poland got [ lower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_greenhouse_gas_emissions_per_capita ) emissions per citizen than germany does . 
  or actually : poland got it 's emissions below eu average , while germany got it significantly above the average . 
  so ... let 's not go too far with that moral high ground germans , shall we ? 
  right now i do n't see any perspective for that . 
  so my answer would be : it wo n't happen in any foreseeable future . 
  afaik the original principle was to make european commission a part of the eu legislature that 's based on a merits , sort of technocracy . 
  why do they have a right of making decisions over propositions given by meps - because otherwise meps would be judges in their own case . 
  in most of countries there 's an upper and lower chamber of the parliament , in eu it 's very , very twisted , but for this particular scenario commission plays the role of upper chamber , reviewing the laws suggested by ep . 
  personally i 'd prefer a very clear separation of powers in eu - avoiding a scenario where european commission has either executive or legislative power , depending on the scenario , but sooner or later streamlining legislature in eu is bound to happen , so i 'm not too worried . 
   current system is n't perfect but it works and democratically elected bodies still can veto any laws they try to pass . 
  ok then - i totally agree with what you said here , 
   support for putin is real , but you would still see more public opinion against him if political unions between parties that get less than 5 % of the vote were allowed ( banned like 5 years ago ) i do n't see what 's so controversial in that law . 
  it 's quite standard in europe . 
  poland got something nearly identical and everyone are fine with that . 
   if you had news on tv that was n't pro-kremlin ( ntv taken over in 00-01 ) if you did n't have the majority of well paid people in russia working for gov ' t owned or backed companies ( because russians see their friends working for pro-putin and gov companies make more money and thus associate prosperity with the putin gov ` t ) , and if you did n't have precendents of jailing major political opponents and seizing their businesses - there is a culture of fear amongst those who could speak up that can not be ignored of course . 
  there are always a reasons for why political parties got more or less support . 
  putin did also plenty of good for russians : inflation went down , pensions increased , country begun investing in advanced technologies ( both : it and military ) , stabilized situation in chechnya , made a very strong stance on syria allowing west to dodge involvement in a war between terrorists and a dictator ( imho on a global scale this was the best thing putin did during the years of his reign ) , restored sense of pride in russians , and so on , and so on . 
  these can not be ignored either . 
  that 's why [ support for putin runs over 80 % in independent surveys ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2014/03/26/putins-approval-rating-hits-80-percent/ ) - * blaming * it on a brain-washing is rather ignorant . 
  propaganda certainly plays it 's role , but people still have brains and even these making cold calculation of how russia looks like now and how it looked like before putin will support him . 
  and the parliment voted against many laws proposed by european commision . 
  yea , that 's how it works . 
  laws often do n't pass through the legislation . 
  we already had this in recent ama here on / r/europe with member of europarliment . 
  what you say is n't entirely truth . 
  members of european parliament can write a legislation and pass it to the commission . 
  they have an indirect legislative power .
