  i 'm glad to see she made it back with no problems ( recent failures in russian space programme made it a more tense return than usual ) - surely she must be missing her family after such an extended mission . 
   it 's not just about recording of course it 's not . 
  it 's about failure of bor to prevent these recordings being made ( it 's their flippin duty ) , failure to find out who conducted a multi-month campaign of recording ... so on , and so on . 
   the recordings could be important also as a way to blackmail or corrupt them and this is another reason they should resign . 
  and instead it was used as a way to dismantle the government . 
   no , they do n't , they have handsome salaries for that . 
  they actually do . 
   if you thinks that this kind of actions are tolerated in civilised countries , then you just do n't know these countries . 
  i do , i been on meetings with government officials in * western europe * for buisness reasons . 
  as i hoped you 'd guess - not all of them had anything related to `` business '' done . 
  you live in a glass ball of ideals - much like many ( most ? ), 
  poles do . 
  with some imaginary bs perception of what `` civilised countries '' look like . 
   my posts are meaningles , what matters is the public opinion which is going to judge these frauds , very soon . 
  yep . 
  october elections . 
  unless government gives up , which is very likely ( change of ministers so close to the elections is a very bad move - they should either leave them or get an early elections , imho ) . 
  ok , now i 'm really done , wasted too much time here , got other stuff to do . 
  not me , sorry . 
  looks like we both got downvoted . 
  discussion converged with other : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39bo14/can_someone_explain_whats_going_on_in_poland_with/cs313aw, 
   that should be the first reaction of the gov , if governments would kick the ministers out each time someone records them - we 'd end up with a complete collapse of the country as such . 
   yeah , that 's why they 're considering to mess the economy while getting drunk for taxpayers money . 
  this is legal , according to you ? 
  yes , ministers eat for taxpayers money , they drive cars for taxpayers money , and they even flush toilet for taxpayers money . 
  if we 're looking into where politicians are wasting taxpayers money - there are better ways to do it . 
  at least during these meetings they discussed topics directly related to the national matters , while that 's often not the case , and not just in poland . 
   but it 's not just me who considers their ideas and the language as something wrong . 
  i have quite an opposite impression from your posts . 
  anyway : i 'm off for today . 
  it 's mostly a matter of politics and a pr . 
  this leak showed several failures that i tried to explain in my original post - inability of prosecutors to resolve the case when needed , inability of government to ensure that the case is truly closed , inability of prosecutors to protect their files , inability of police and prosecutors to execute law when leak happened , and finally - it was a straw that broke the camel 's back , as for long while there was a growing discontent with current government , it grew worse than ever during presidential campaign , and this hit , another one soon after the campaign was just too much . 
  ministers leaving is their way of showing that party is n't fully corrupt and that they are able to perform their duties . 
  though imho it 's unlikely to work and will end up with early elections . 
  swapping ministers few months before the parliamentary elections ( in october ) is a very , very bad move for the country . 
  new ministers wo n't be able to do much in that time . 
   but you 're somehow very `` tolerant '' in case of standards amongst the ruling circles . 
  unlike most of the people - i actually listened to all of these tapes without having any judgement beforehand . 
   no , not after this tape he retired none the less . 
   it 's all just unacceptable . 
  for you it might be . 
  i seen the kind of people that care about the country on most of these tapes . 
  and as said - on most of these tapes law was n't broken , only what you consider to be a good practices was . 
  people that might have been responsible for breaking law are not in a politics any more and are investigated by prosecutors - that 's the end result . 
   what really matters here is that becouse of him the whole scandal will not be swept under the carpet by the gov and its medias . 
  this pseudo-scandal is n't nearly as important as incompetence of prosecutors to come up with any conclusions and lack of will in a government to resolve it when tusk said that people guilty were to be found till autumn ( regardless of the fact that it was n't in his competences to make a declarations like that - seems like someone forgot about separation of powers ) . 
   so we care about the `` standards '' suddently ? 
  you 're the one who talks about standards , i 'm just reminding how high this new * guru * got . 
  no country that [ discovered unicorn lair ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/nov/30/unicorn-lair-discovered-north-korea ) can have anything else than an unicorn as it 's national animal !, 
   it made us very angry that the government spends our money on a campaign to tell us who to hate ^ that man made a perfect summary of this whole case . 
  damn ... hungary , we 've done this lesson with ussr , should have known better by now . 
   but has completely drained away our young people so let 's re-build the berlin wall and forbid people from moving abroad . 
  or do it roman-style : years of forced service to the country when you come of age . 
   could the eu turn out to be a terrible choice for countries like estonia 100 years later , when there are no young people left ? 
  hopefully in 100 years noone will give a shit , cause eu will transform into a single country and we 'll think of it more like a * problem * of people not wanting to live in remote rural areas than anything else ... or maybe they will want to live there and estonia will become very popular destination due to lower housing prices and some beautiful landscapes . 
   whats the point ? 
  you got a higher chances of getting a wife in estonia ? 
   evidence proceedings and there was none . 
  are you sure ? 
   putting fire under a sentry box is against the law . 
  good point  blaming it on opposition is a case that should be checked by some sort of commission or tribunal . 
  i doubt they 'd get anything . 
  otherwise 2/3 of pis would have to be punished for blaming things on tusk he did not do . 
  any characters that are not on my keyboard should be formally banned . 
  same with polish kongres nowej prawicy . 
  hehe , amusing how worms surface in a cases like that . 
  unicorn is already taken by north korea, 
  so much for reality . 
   literally a po2 ( or uw3 ) it 's actually not . 
  perhaps in terms of a programme ( then again : it 's a centrist party , so no wonder it 's programme reminds an old po programme ) , but in terms of people in it - they got nothing in common . 
  pis is more of an aws than nowoczesna is po . 
  but it 's quite obvious that it 's in a best interest of po , pis , kukiz and pretty much every opposition party to put that sticker on them . 
  it ensures that po voters stay with po and everyone not wanting to vote on the government - vote for one of the other groups . 
  so i 'm not surprised either by your post nor by the amount of upvotes it gets . 
   having any hopes in it they 're by far more reasonable party than what kukiz has to offer , and yet over 20 % of poles apparently got hopes in him . 
   it 's highly doubtful if he broke the law . 
  he did . 
  at a very least he broke few paragraphs of art . 
  also note that mr. stonoga is not a journalist therefore none of the laws protecting journalists can apply to him . 
  from his behaviour it seems like none of the standards apply either . 
   some things discussed by our head of national bank might be considered a trace of some kind of unconstitutional acts but they are not . 
  i seen some article discussing an expertise from a lawyer about that one . 
  besides - there was an investigation and they ( obviously ) could n't find anything . 
   and one the last leaked tape was a bombshell - head of our anti-corruption bureau wojtunik in a discussion with current eu comissary bie\u0144kowska said that our minister of interior sienkiewicz told police to put fire under a sentry box in front of russian embassy during an opposition march . 
  what again : is n't against the law , regardless how shameful and outrageous it is . 
  after this tape sienkiewicz retired from politics . 
  he was discussing a tax probe on his wife with parafianowicz , a general finance information inspector : * nowak : '' * and they want to fuck her * '' ( do a tax probe on nowak 's wife ) '' * whole 2012 . 
  first they want to take bank account * '' ( ... ) '' * i hope it 's only about her company , they wo n't cross it with my account * '' ( ... ) '' * cause she is loosing loads of money for a good few years * '' * parafianowicz : '' * i understand all of if ... but ... because i 'm from the tax control , we 've found out long ago . 
  system popped it * '' ( ... ) '' * i blocked it * '' * ( ... ) * p : '' * they 'll ask you to pay back . 
  it will be a fat case if they 'll make it a tax criminal case . 
  * '' * n : '' * it 's not a lot of money , 50 000 pln * '' * p : '' * it 's not about fact itself , it 's about style in which you have n't paid , do you understand ? 
  and about what you are saying . 
  fact itself might that * '' you simply forgot . 
  '' * but * [ tax office will say ] * oh no , mister , what is that ? 
  it 's a pure robbery * '' * n : '' * fuck * '' * p : '' * listen , as i say : i try to find out what go\u015bka has to say , where from is it . 
  if she knows . 
  cause then we 'll be able to think if there is ... an area to discuss the topic with this director * '' mentioned director of the financial control was fired from his office . 
  both nowak and parafianowicz are currently out of politics and a subject of investigation ( afaik it 's still in progress ) . 
  nothing that would break the law , but they were incriminating . 
  ministers thought they were having a private conversation , so they obviously said more than they should have .
