  oh , and : it 's just one of the lies in your post , though i 'm not bothered to list them all when your attitude is limited to  stop the fucking bullshit . 
  nato has 2 % gdp target - if everyone would meet it and spend money on modernizing armies - yes , you would hold russians off for much more than 2 weeks . 
  you see - majority of russian equipment is ancient ( read : soviet era , some gear they use remember early post-war period ) their major advantage is in experience , but that can be neglected by information and hardware superiority . 
  oh , and before someone uses an argument about nukes - noone will use nukes , there are hundreds of them stationed in europe to fight back needed be , besides : it 's the same thing as chemical warfare in ww2 - everyone had it so noone used it on a scale people were afraid of in 1938 . 
  nope . 
  each type of data is under different licenses and different paragraphs of copyright law ( major difference is music vs videos vs software - in pretty much every country ) . 
  whatever you installed something or not got nothing to deal with that . 
  activating software sometimes changes your relation to it , but it 's something to be discussed on case-by-case basics ( notably : physical software ( where customer got more rights ) vs digital download ( where corporations have more rights ) ), 
  well , there 's whole industry build around squeezing money out of it ... 
  bought new street lights . 
  :p seriously though - it 's searchlights . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  good old '80s . 
   in poland ( in mid 80 's ) , some of official ( pronit label ) vinyl pressings had parody stamp `` home taping ... is much fun '' . 
  well , in poland it 's perfectly legal , even if eula says otherwise . 
  i ca n't think of any other country that would have a law forbidding that ( afaik it 's legal even in usa that got law system build for corporations , not people ), 
  cool . 
  only this 1.3 % expenditure on defence is something they could still fix , especially when they 're living in rather dangerous neighbourhood ( it 's identical to the netherlands , only netherlands are a tiny country in a middle of eu being a founding member of nato and having by far more advanced army than romania ), 
  that was illegal in a first place ?!, 
  british law never stops to amaze me . 
   is run by a person which has not achieved anything in her two prior ministrial posts , she 's all talk loud and do nothing . 
  which is a good thing . 
  why is that a good thing ? 
  someone should make a game out of it - beggars , inc. - sounds like a perfect title , 
  1 ) we 're discussing `` meat grinder '' aspect of war here , not how good each army was in capturing prisoners . 
  2 ) no , pows do n't impact morale even nearly as much as victims ( or wia ) . 
  10:1 only if you count pows . 
  in reality it was 2:1 . 
   but-but they were building a few carriers , and the kuznetsov is a large carrier !, 
  random fun fact : russians insist that it 's a `` heavy aircraft carrying missile cruiser '' ( that allows them to deploy it on a black sea - according to the international convention turkey is n't allowed to pass any aircraft carriers through bosporus ) . 
  peaceful or not - germany got one of the best equipped , trained , and skilled armies in the world . 
  needed be i 'm certain germans could hold on their own . 
  us does n't really need to move any huge logistical support into europe - europe already has everything necessary to support us air force , navy and troops - only logistical support required would be the one for armored divisions . 
  us does n't really need to move any huge logistical support into europe - europe already has everything necessary to support us air force , navy and troops - only logistical support required would be the one for armored divisions . 
  back in a day chemical weapons were the same thing nuclear weapons are right now ( only without mad ) as a means of wedging warfare ( and they did quite a lot of progress since ww1 if you 'll go more deeply into the topic - one of the things european media was afraid most at the first days of ww2 was that entire regions of europe will be turned into dead wastelands due to chemical weapons ) . 
  overblown you say ? 
  during operation barbarossa alone ussr lost 4 times as many soldiers as 3rd reich did and 8 , yes : eight times as many tanks . 
  and unlimited supply of artillery shells combined with air superiority ... * eyerolls *, 
  so ... how that confirms you 're not a racist ? 
  wait , it does n't . 
  to be more specific : this video got exactly nothing to deal with topic of racism . 
  last time i checked neo-nazis were illegal in germany and they did quite good job in executing their law . 
  something changed ? 
  some of the post-soviet countries inherited them . 
  many are still mothballed in warehouses , bunkers , or even on the open ground . 
  a lot were simply melted and used by civilian industry . 
  problem russia has right now is that even from their current tanks many are non-operational , and only 550 are modern machines comparable to leopard 2 or abrams tanks . 
  [ here is the website ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/ ) drop-down is on a right side . 
  if you 're still too lazy : [ here is a direct link to article about poland ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/pl.html ) . 
  that 's what cia world factbook have to say about my country . 
  no need to ask - it 's all in one place under one link . 
   we should have less politicians and recover space for private initiative . 
  that would quickly transform into `` corporate initiative '' . 
  thanks , but i 'll pass . 
   this leads to less professional politicians and ... ... and even more corruption / professional lobbyists paying meps . 
  i also would n't compare texas to eu - two vastly different mentalities . 
   we have too much people working in politics and most of them do nothing but show up to press a button once in a while . 
  a decently trained monkey could do this without getting paid . 
  well , my work could be summarized in similar way : we have too many people working with computers , most of them do nothing but show up to press keys on a keyboard . 
  a decently trained monkey could do this without getting paid . 
  i guess people do n't care about all the effort i do besides sitting and pressing keys from time to time ... that might explain why sometimes clients are so lazy with paying their invoices ... 
  \u00f3 - we have that in polish alphabet too  ( it 's synonymous to `` u '' , pronounced like english `` oo '' ), 
  hehe , very good point , 
  ask on 4chan, 
  or we 'll have 3rd revolution . 
  or russians will really execute their partitioning of ukraine . 
  there 's quite a few of alternative scenarios i can think of . 
  either way though - people need to eat . 
  they somehow handled it till now , but just barely - if their situation will get much worse ( like it did in poland ) then the public outrage might surprise us . 
  or quite contrary - they 'll manage to live through these bad days holding to the hope of better tomorrow ( and i really hope that this is what will happen ) . 
   what did you expect ? 
  it 's not about what i expected , but what ukrainians are ready to bare . 
   rt.com ... anyway :  the maritime canton movement is pushing for sardinia to become part of switzerland , it 's kinda like [ donetsk joining uk ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/217s0c/joke_refferendum_in_donetsk_for_becoming_part_of/ ) is n't it ? 
  lol , so why even mention them - they have exactly nothing to deal with that topic , and what she said is in no way similar to what you said . 
  seems like you 're just throwing random posts in random places ( which is extremely likely considering how you copy & pasted the same nonsense in few places hoping it might work somewhere ) . 
   they are correct here though , are n't they ? 
  last time i said that i got downvoted to hell , so beware . 
  1 ) what she said got very little to deal with your post 2 ) turks are not eastern europeans . 
  in my opinion ? 
  relatively good . 
  we did enormous progress since entering the eu , as someone joked : poland at one point was a sea of cranes . 
  if you look objectively you 'll see improvements in every part of life - from health care , through income , infrastructure , availability of goods and services , security , tolerance , heck : even international position of poland . 
  we also managed to dodge a bullet with international crisis what certainly helped . 
  problem is that many poles do n't see that . 
  opposition parties been focused purely on negative propaganda since ... 2007 . 
  initially that did n't work but in last 2 years everything changed and now many poles got probably worse opinion about their own country than they did before we entered eu - at least that 's my perception , it might not be entirely true , but radicalism become much louder than ever ( eg . 
  right now the most popular polish youtube channel is maxtv ( with famous headline : `` i say how it is '' ) , lead by right-wing populist dreaming about `` rebirth '' of imperialistic poland ) and talking shit on your own country become something that 's not only acceptable ( cause that was always truth ) but even praised . 
  so ... we have two polands : a real one , and poles living in it complaining about next-to-everything . 
  ( not that there are no reasons to complain , but it goes way over the board ), 
  no clue . 
  i had relatively little interest in that topic , so it 's hard to tell . 
  huge problem was inefficiency - few shipyards hired over 10 000 people , at least one : over 20 000 . 
  lack of modern equipment or money to purchase it raised prices of a products , and this means that suddenly buying ships in south korea or china become more affordable even from a perspective of polish operators . 
  then there 's an issue with management and mishandling of money that government poured into the shipyards . 
  eu also did it 's share forbidding governments to donate money into privately owned companies ( in principle it 's a good thing - in this case though it meant people loosing their jobs ) . 
  i 'm sure there are poles who can tell you that shipyards could be saved in many ways - i 'm not so sure of it , but as said : never went too deeply into that topic . 
  over 3/4 of people employed in the industry lost their jobs due to restructuration . 
  in past shipyards build numerous large ships , including bulk carriers exceeding 25 000t - now it 's mostly repairs and construction of smaller , but more specialized units . 
  still though some shipyards - like a navy one - did n't survive privatization . 
  all of that contributed to significant growth of unemployment in cities on a coast line and was really painful for many people because shipyard in gda\u0144sk was where solidarity was born leading to revolution in 1989 .
