   bombing was not very accurate back then we 're talking here about total air superiority and germany swiftly defeating ussr - that means luftwaffe got more than enough bombers to nicely carpet entire cities , yet alone ports . 
   i mean as in they they had a hard time hitting cities forget ships , you grossly underestimate accuracy of ww2 bombing runs if you think that hitting a city was difficult . 
  sure , mistakes might have happened in a tough conditions ( cloud cover and wind are a major factors ) but hitting cities was n't really a problem , ports were bombed by bombers many times during ww2 - one example to give you : b-17s bombed port in nantes . 
   all you would have to do is park the rn next to shore with a bunch of flak cannons aiming at the sky flak canons were a joke . 
  look up some tables showing actual loses suffered by the air forces to artillery fire - they were marginal . 
  fighters were a stopping power against bombers , flak guns had mostly psychological effect . 
   this is why in operation overlord we could n't just the shit out of the coast and walk right in . 
  i 'm not saying germans would walk right in either . 
  britain got [ it 's own surprises to any possible invasion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_anti-invasion_preparations_of_world_war_ii ) - i 'm just saying that it 'd be possible and after lost air supremacy in battle of britain - uk would have hard time fighting war on it 's own soil after long ongoing strategic bombardment . 
  rn trying to block germany in english channel , germany focused solely on getting into uk with total air superiority after months of bombing allied ports in a region ? 
  it 'd be like shooting a fish in a barrel . 
  even more so as it 'd give germany time and resources ( with raf not bombing continental europe any more ) to develop guided missiles like [ fritz x ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritz_x ) further as germans would now clearly know what 's their next objective . 
  but even without guided missiles - much lower loses on eastern front mean much higher air power on the west , and that means stukas with veteran pilots hunting every rn ship that dares to enter the english channel . 
   even if the raf was broken and germany had air superiority , could they still have launched an invasion with the presence of the royal navy in the english channel ? 
  if that would happen - thousands would die , cities would burn , production capacity would collapse , ability to support the navy would quickly deteriorate , and germany would still keep it 's factories and logistics fully operational . 
  loosing the battle of britain would mean ussr had to win a war for germany to collapse . 
  pretty much the only chance germany could have to survive ww2 is if : * ussr would collapse very quickly on the eastern front ( eg . 
  assassination of stalin , strategic bombardments of factories in deep russia ) * allies loose battle of britain ( germany bombs raf airfields , gains air superiority , begins bombardment of factories , ports and major cities ) * if both objectives would be achieved and britain would fall on it 's knees before august '45 germany would had to negotiate peace ( or at least : ceasefire ) agreement with us ( leading to a germany-usa cold war ), 
  germans got quite a bit of experience with handling logistics through the air - in a short term they might have supported it ( obviously it 'd happen only if ussr would collapse quickly and germany would n't bleed out on eastern front ) . 
  in a long term , as i already said - they 'd loose anyway . 
  sheer amount of production capacity and manpower from usa alone was more than enough to win a war against germany , especially once they were done with japan . 
  and that still does n't involve nukes , more assassination attempts , insurgency , etc. 
  paratroopers , air bridges , etc. 
  but that 's just theorycrafting - everything depends at which point ussr would collapse in that theory and how much resources could us transfer back to atlantic after winning the war with japan . 
   it is very bureaucratic yea , governments tend to be that  top heavy with non-elected powerful officials these `` powerful '' officials either have a direct democratic mandate ( council ) or are selected by people with a direct democratic mandate ( commission )  whose edicts penetrate into everyday life laws need to go through proper legislation , which includes approval by people who were directly elected ( in either of two scenarios ) . 
  any recommendations ( aka `` edicts '' ) are not mandatory - governments can choose whatever to implement them or not . 
  cyprus government skips all of them ( with few exceptions ) , british government seems to be just fine with many of them . 
  you got what you elected . 
   costings are ridiculous . 
  google the cost of interpreters for meetings , which need to be available for all the different languages . 
  take a look at the large picture , not just a tiny part of it . 
  i 'm quite sure that if you 'd show a cost of fuel used by british politicians it would be terrifying just as well . 
  here 's some good read for you : http://ec.europa.eu/budget/explained/myths/myths_en.cfm#3of15  most uk people i speak to believe funny that you start a sentence with that when we just had a news where it came out that british people have basically no clue about eu and their views are mostly based on populist talks and euromyths . 
  there are some calculations and opinions from historians that germany would have lost the war anyway - even if they 'd manage to conquer whole european part of ussr . 
  germany holding such a huge amount of ground would collapse under it 's own weight ( uprisings , insurgents , etc. ), 
  even without intervention from uk and us - but that would n't happen , germans wanted to invade uk and later on us , so us had to step in anyway . 
  so germany exhausted by a long war with russia and holding enormous territory from france to ural would loose a war to us-uk alliance regardless of ussr counterattack , only difference would be in war lasting much longer and possibly would include us dropping nuke ( s ) in europe . 
  this article makes one huge mistake in it 's argumentation - assumes that motivation and reasons why people went on the streets were identical in both cases , and therefore can be directly compared and should be referred to identically in both cases . 
  that 's not truth . 
  in this one case - a progress of technology - i would n't mind . 
  here 's some historical background : * http://www.historyhaven.com/apwh/unit%204/rise%20of%20western%20dominance.htm * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westernization you 're free to disagree with that , just like you 're free to disagree with earth being a globe , but domination of western culture over the world is a fact , right now it goes through the process of globalization , and it 's extremely well documented , not just in western literature . 
  also note that i never said western culture is totally dominant in every corner of the world , just that it 's a culture that dominates on a global scale . 
   i do n't agree with the second part though , none of my friends visiting poland had any bad experience here caused by them being foreigners . 
  oh , yes , if you 're just a visitor - everything will be all right  i have no doubts about that . 
  i was talking about working immigrants , not tourists . 
  besides - it very much varies , like in every country , you might hit a good and healthy immigrant work environment in poland too . 
  cold war space race all over again ? 
  well , that 's my opinion on that topic . 
  unless i do n't count as a * person * my statement still stands . 
  from comments section :  i would like to point out that the european union does not want to eradicate acacia , and they would like to provide money to hungary to help save its native species while keep acacia under control . 
  any other information from fidesz currently is a lie . 
  headlines like this are how the euromyths are created . 
   eur 50,000 will be paid for the winner 's study tour in poland , ` in order to present our successful fight for freedom . ', 
  lol . 
  worthy of ` murcia . 
  did they just made up this award ? 
  read the website under link provided , again , please . 
  it quite clearly states that there is n't one just yet , but it shows what might be , and what attempts were made for that . 
  it 's exactly what you want . 
   is the popular party sounds like populists - so still goes into the list , 
  sasta , you forgot about one big factor : you speak english . 
  people in france speak french . 
  pretty much everyone learn english these days . 
  that 's got very little to deal with it . 
  whatever jobs are well-paid or not depends on your starting point . 
  silly-small payment for someone in warsaw will be really good for someone from rural , post-pgr village . 
  and that 's just within one country . 
  and jobs are there , you just need to look for them and be ready to take something below your personal * standards * . 
  if you 're ready to take a physical work - there 's no problem getting one . 
  year ago my ukrainian friends lost their job in poland and wanted me to help finding them a new one - it took me exactly 5 days to get it ( they were moving logs in a forest - stacking them , loading/unloading , very heavy physical work , but they were quite strong guys so handled it well ) . 
  the major problem is culture . 
  outside of major cities people are extremely xenophobic lacking tolerance ( even more so if you are not a catholic or atheist ) and doing tons of weird , discriminating things you 'd never even thought about . 
  poland is really unfriendly to the people who can not or do n't want to adjust themselves to the society . 
  add to this a fact that poles can super-easily spot if someone does n't speak polish natively and you 'll have a picture of country where even after living for over 20 years you ca n't really call it a `` home '' and become one of the `` locals '' . 
  since the age of 15 ?!, 
  o_o so if mother slaps her teenager daughter - it 's a non-sexual violence against woman . 
  we have an anthem of european union as an organization , not an united europe - these are two vastly different things . 
  also , have a read if you want to see something as close to anthem of the world as it gets : http://www.nationalanthems.info/uno.htm, 
  as someone put it in the comments below the video :  dont mistake kindness for weakness . 
  fear is weakness . 
  fear cloaked as patriotism and nationalism is still fear . 
  united world ?!, 
  are aliens planning an invasion and you know something about that ? 
   yeah , and next they will ban all communists symbols altogether , hail democracy !, 
  in few countries communist symbols propagating communism are banned . 
  if i 'm not mistaken - that includes poland . 
   but on a thread about ukraine people do n't up - or down-vote based on their opinion , it 's all about `` downvoting the pro-putin '' and basically anything that suggests kiev may also be playing a dangerous game . 
  very good point here . 
  one of the most stupid things i seen were people down-voting guy only because he had a russian flag ( that was during the peak of crimea events ) - and he did n't said anything controversial or what so ever - i even linked to the source confirming what he said ... got an upvote or two for that , but russian guy got downvoted to hell anyway . 
   if combined , bulgaria and romania 's population would total around 27 million citizens . 
  we should therefore commend farage for encouraging our two countries ' demographic expansion by presenting a positive population trend . 
  ukip gave false information in it 's election campaign ? 
  again ? 
  no shit !, 
   downvotes are not a `` i do n't agree with your worldviews '' button . 
  on this reddit - apparently they are . 
  just face reality and follow the flow . 
  no downvotes from me , just stating brutal facts ), 
  upcoming orders ( procedures either start or proceed to next stages in year 2014 ) : * 70 helicopters * 3 submarines ( delivery : 2 till 2022 , 1 in 2030 ) * 90 uav ( different types ) [ other goals ] ( http://www.polska-zbrojna.pl/home/articleshow/5744?t=minister-okreslil-kierunki-rozwoju ) till 2022 : * 6 medium range missile systems * 11 short range missile systems * 77 self propelled sam missile launchers * 486 mpads [ grom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grom_%28missile%29 ) * titan program - full on modernization of equipment for individual soldiers * integrated c&c systems * 2 destroyer minesweepers * electronic surveillance ship * large patrol ship and several other ships of various sizes and roles . 
  * modernization of artillery units : 155mm , 120mm mortals , mlrs , artillery recon units , automated fire control units , guided artillery shells .
