  how about you read a [ list of fallacies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_fallacies ) ? 
  surely you 'll find at least one per sentence in what you just said . 
  also this made me laugh hard :  because the eu is evil . 
  save your stories for someone who has no clue what the eu is or how it works . 
  it 's not going to work on me . 
  saying that '' * most of anti-eu have checked out how eu works , and read some books * '' is a good joke , cause from my perspective - someone who not only read books , knows how the eu works , but also visited few eu institutions and actually met people in the eu - those who are anti-eu have borderline no slightest clue about even the very fundamentals of the eu . 
  it 's bad to the point where i 'm yet to meet eu sceptic who can accurately describe what the eu parliament is doing without looking up wikipedia to give me an answer . 
  i 'm done here , no point engaging in that bs any further . 
   it 's civic platform 2.0 , despite of what our active anti-nowoczesna reddit circlejerk along with some right-wing media say : no . 
   their program is obviously same no . 
  it 's similar in some points . 
  good points . 
  that 's the beauty of democracy - i can pick parties that have a programme that i like and want to see realized . 
  whatever they will have a chance to realize it is another matter - likely they wo n't , cause most likely pis will win and po will come second , but it 's still my vote to the party that 's closest to my liking . 
  [ edit ] as you said yourself in one later post - '' * just do n't watch tv and vote for the best party you can * '' . 
  but thanks for a down-vote anyway . 
   being naive pro-eu . 
  for you it 's naive , for me it 's not . 
  and even if they would come out to be natively pro-eu - it 's still better than being naively anti-eu . 
  modern ) - it 's a new centrist party created by an economist [ petru ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ryszard_petru ) . 
  they 're mostly focused on liberal economy , but overall got a very reasonable programme and seem to be the best party from the smaller players . 
  here is how it looks like from my perspective : the only real alternatives i debate are : * po - current government , been * ruling * the country for way too long , to the point where their ranks really degraded , they need to step down at least for one cadence and clean the shit up , cause right now they do n't represent anything positive as a party , even if some individual politicians do . 
  * and pis which has ... maybe 2 politicians that i would consider decent , and several i absolutely despise , even purely on an intellectual level ( the things their candidate for minister of defence - macierewicz - says are a crime against logic and reason ) . 
  further away from the center are : * on a right korwin and kukiz , both have only one objective : blow up * the system * , see everything burn around them - my parents were n't fighting and risking their lives for democracy in poland to see some far-right-wingers burn it down . 
  * on a left there 's * united left * but with too leftist programme for my liking , we are too poor country to afford having someone like that in a government . 
  there 's also an psl - the farmers party ( in ) famous for it 's * flexibility * in getting into a government coalition 3 times in last 25 years . 
  i 'm not a farmer , so got no interest in them . 
  [ edit ] totally forgot that there 's also * razem * but imho they wo n't make it into the government , and they too are too leftist for me . 
  i would say : all thanks to competitive market . 
   that may or may not be violating un conventions . 
  they do not . 
  but nice trying to be manipulative . 
   turkey would have been an integrated member of the eu by now - one that safeguards the boarders reliably . 
  if anything - we 'd have this crisis few years earlier , when turkey would start demanding quotas on refugees after getting first several thousands of them . 
   first spend 70 years ignoring turkey as a member , first of all - it 's not eu that ignored turkey , turkey ignored eu as well . 
  secondly - the period of ignorance is much shorter than 70 years , eu does n't even exist for that long in a first place , and their first application to eec took place in 1987 . 
  period of ignorance begun in 2006 , maybe 2009 , depending how you look at it , and turkey to this day opened only 14/35 accession chapters , and closed only 1 of them . 
  not to mention that cyprus issue is still unresolved and all the issues with democracy in turkey . 
  blaming it all on the eu is laughable . 
   instead , we have influx of chaos that will only cause more chaos internally and externally . 
  no , we do n't . 
  if anything - chaos is slowly calming down . 
  that 's still better than potential million or more that would come otherwise through the turkey . 
  well , if nothing would go well - we 'd be back to the state we were in yesterday . 
  so the real chances for having situation improved are still quite high . 
  epp is centre-right , not right wing . 
  ( yes , there is a significant difference ), 
  perhaps he did , but that 's what was negotiated . 
  that 's how modern international relations work - people sit down and negotiate . 
  wow , that 's some great propaganda headline . 
  plea for pity wielded as an appeal to emotion . 
  well executed classic . 
  homogayliberal propaganda , obviously . 
  and his favourite color is n't blue . 
  i still remember how in the '90s people were thinking that almost all of the population will move into the cities and lands between them will be deserted , perhaps with a few old people too poor and attached to the land to move out . 
  [ meanwhile in spain ] ( http://images.financialexpress.com/2015/07/spain-ghost-airport-re.jpg ) ... :p, 
  i happen to visit that uni just two days ago . 
  saddening news , but i 'm glad to see a swift reaction from the police . 
  you 're not the only one ... you 're not the only one ... 
   it is only used by middle to upper classes . 
  depends on a country . 
  in countries that offer free high education - there are no real obstacles from erasmus being used by * lower classes * ( i really do n't like that term , to be honest . 
  for me it implies that people are born into class , which they are not ) . 
  to give you an example - in poland a talented students receive seizable student scholarships that allow them to pursuit erasmus and other programmes . 
  in fact - some of the most talented students in engineering fields ( which have a wider range of scholarships avaible ) receive so much money that they can provide notable financial support for their entire family - i personally know two cases where one talented kid is providing money essential to feed his brothers or sisters . 
  and these brothers and sisters will go to the university too , and they 'll have an equal chance to take part in erasmus too , because of support that country and various foundations provide to the students from the poorest families . 
  also i 'd like to note that since last few years low-income students receive additional grants in erasmus . 
   forgive me , i assumed the rest of europe was democratic they are . 
   ministers of the crown , and especially cabinet ministers , are selected from the elected members of house of commons . 
  yes , i know . 
  but it 's just one of many models under which democracy might function . 
  some people consider fftp voting system to be undemocratic , other people consider non-elected ministers to be undemocratic , but in reality - all are democratic , all have a democratic mandate . 
   catherine ashton has never been democratically elected yet represents the eu . 
  just like foreign ministers ministers in most of the countries across the eu - she is n't elected for the office , she is selected . 
  ministers do n't even have to be a members of parliament . 
  it can be literally anyone as long as he has a support of the democratically elected parliament , and she got that support from the eu parliament along with the rest of eu commission . 
  oh , and fyi : catherine ashton is n't the high representative since 2014 . 
  now it 's federica mogherini . 
  she was n't `` pushed '' . 
  her term ended , new high representative was selected , that 's all . 
  russia sees itself equal to the us and wants to diminish role of european countries on the international arena while rising it 's own status . 
  they have absolutely no interest in talking with any eu nations . 
  iran is there because russians want to score some points with them , now that west is showing them a green light . 
  saudis and turkey are there because of their influence in a region and seizable armies . 
   there is halal food all over the world . 
  must be some different world than the one i live in . 
  unless you expect allah to provide - it 's not going to happen , not on this scale , not when fellow muslims do nothing to provide it for their ` brothers ' . 
  good article . 
  erasmus certainly played a huge role in expanding horizons of many people and seeing above and beyond their own city or even country . 
  that 's always a great and highly valuable thing for the rest of your life . 
  i did n't have a chance to take part in it , but i was lucky enough to visit numerous european countries due to my job , and i really wish more people would have a chance of doing so . 
  it 's really a great , enriching experience that would certainly help building the eu identity , but also limit the space for populism and narrow-minded far-right nationalism . 
   `` i still think that there is no longer a disparity between lisbon and warsaw , just as there is no disparity between san francisco and new york . 
  we will remain a federation , but indissoluble . '', 
   so whose faces should we print on our banknotes , to remind the world that we are not merely ` shallow ' europeans , but profound ? 
  `` perhaps not politicians or the leaders who have divided us -- not cavour or radetzky , but men of culture who have united us , from dante to shakespeare , from balzac to rossellini . 
   `` and since pierre bayard is right , we know there are books we have yet to read that will help us reflect on cultures different from our own . 
  little by little : that is how our european identity will become more profound . '', 
  great vision , hope my children will see it , though at the moment there 's just way too many forces trying to tear eu apart . 
   often enough people just stand near a crosswalk talking with no intention of crossing .
