  cough united states cough and this :  we also have the parliamentary elections next month , so it 's all a part of the electoral campaign . 
  everything else seems to be either wrong , or completely detached from reality ( especially the comment about republicans , lol , i chuckled ), 
   yeah look at how much you 're paying in nin and income tax + all the taxes imposed on items ( not just vat ) + employers taxes . 
  in poland a total tax burden is close to , but below 50 % , so there is no way you could possibly get 3 times more money if taxes would n't exist at all - and korwin still wants to keep some of them to finance certain things like military . 
  on a side note : in uk it 's roughly 40 % , there is quite a difference , but not nearly as huge as many poles imagine , that 's because a structure of taxation is very different . 
  nah , where i live -30 \u00b0 c happens every almost winter . 
  on the other hand - this summer we had +42 \u00b0 c. 
  100 / 100 real . 
   german overlords lol . 
  nothing better than a morning troll, 
  god damn it ... and it was so funny for a moment . 
  damn you cheater !, 
  just think of it ... with that kind of money no lativian from this generation would walk hungry , cold or homeless , 
    we simply do not need millions of unskilled laborers . 
   um , we kind of do . 
  there is a huge lack of social workers , teachers and even doctors you just said that you do , and then proved that you do n't . 
   these refugees are already educated and can just as well get educated in our system of course they are . 
  hahaha i already see these hundreds of thousands of syrians with high * education * fleeing to germany . 
  swedes . 
  experts in ukrainian . 
   without the technology . 
  without * the technology * ? 
  again ?! '', 
   on the other hand , we do n't even bother with the shape when we launch soyuz from kouru . 
  why would we ? 
  it 's not european rocket , noone pretends it is . 
  it 's nothing like a chinese space program . 
  no idea why you even mentioned that in this post . 
  arianespace is selling services from more efficient location than russians can provide . 
  but cooperation goes much further than that . 
  european companies are also selling launches on baikonur soyuz through starsem and on a rockot through eurockot . 
   on the other hand , we do n't even bother with the shape when we launch soyuz from kouru . 
  why would we ? 
  it 's not european rocket , noone pretends it is . 
  it 's nothing like a chinese space program . 
  no idea why you even mentioned that in this post . 
  arianespace is selling services from more efficient location than russians can provide . 
  but cooperation goes much further than that . 
  european companies are also selling launches on baikonur soyuz through starsem and on a rockot through eurockot . 
   the left wing parties are ignoring issues the population demands to be talked about . 
  this is not a rise of right wing people , this is a rise of people who demand change in immigration and only the right wing adresses this . 
  what if left wing parties consider current polices reasonable , and that 's why they do n't want any radical change in immigration ? 
  quotas were created on the basis of population and the development level of each country . 
  that 's what the maths behind it printed out . 
   i would just say that if estonia were to take in +300 refugees , i would n't worry about it changing the fabric of your society , that 's all . 
  it could change the politics if turned into * the thing * and used by far right-wingers as a catalyst . 
  every bad behavior of anyone in the eu is used by anti-eu people as a supposed '' * poof * '' of things like '' * dumpster for failed politicians * '' some of them try to promote ( the fact that the guy was n't a politician in a first place does n't seem to bother anyone ) . 
   that there is no program to vet religious fundamentalist out that would lower the scale of a problem , but not erase it . 
  it 's average people that are against eu-style tolerance and pro-sharia law , not only fundamentalists . 
   i would n't have problem with giving them citizenship i do have a problem with giving citizenship to anyone . 
  if you are not born as a citizen of a country - you should earn it . 
  or at a very least - have enough knowledge to pass the tests . 
  citizenship should not be something you give out or swap around * just like that * . 
  one could argue that the european countries got a better success rate in interventions than us does . 
  this post by / u/borund is a news :  that child was kurd . 
  he was forced out of kobane while the turks watched from the border as is troops entered the town . 
  he was taken to turkey where he was safe . 
  his family asked for asylum in canada , which was refused . 
  they then chose to pay a smuggler to travel to europe without even bothering to apply for asylum there . 
  he died . 
  that picture used like it was , cover without any context or real understating of a situation , is nothing more than a propaganda . 
  taking flashy images and showing them to the people in similar form is something that soviets propaganda did , and before that - nazi propaganda did . 
  mind you - i do n't compare newspapers to nazis/soviets , but the technique used here is nothing unusual and was used for decades . 
   we are referring specifically to the image here , nothing about the story behind it . 
  one of the tools of propaganda is taking the images out of context , removing that `` story behind it '' . 
  ( source : i 'm polish , seen a lot of that ), 
  he is talking about him , not you . 
   people really need to relax on this subreddit , 
  mind you - paper is from 2002 and not relevant to the current situation . 
  they talk a lot about sugar , while currently eu is [ importing sugar ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/sugar/presentations/trade-statistics_en.pdf ) from developing countries . 
  in a big picture - eu is exporting food mostly to the us , so if anyone * suffers * from the eu subsidies - it 's us farmers . 
  with african countries we 're [ mostly importing ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/bilateral-relations/pdf/acp_en.pdf ) agricultural products pumping money into their economy , which is - what i believe - he wanted europe to do . 
  people who are either very sarcastic or do n't speak english too well . 
  it 's more complicated than that , the argument i see raised very often is that countries in europe can not afford securing life in dignity for their own citizens , so why should they do the same for people from another continent with completely different culture and religion . 
  also a failures to assimilate them ( 4th generation terrorists ) along with creating a migrant districts / settlements ( and scandals like '' * sharia police * '' in germany ) make migrants even more repulsive for them . 
  but you certainly raised an interesting point . 
  * western european protectionist policies * ( whatever that means - i guess you meant to say eu polices ) in agriculture have impact mostly on europe ( as in : continent ) , and to a degree china , india and us . 
  we got next to no relations with africa when it comes to agriculture , and that 's not because of `` polices '' . 
  better sooner than later . 
  every time they re-verify data - peak is moved further in future . 
  ca n't find it either ( neither on the front page , nor first 3 pages of the hot topics , nor on the list of raising posts ) . 
  perhaps it is , i do n't really know what admins can do or they can not , but at least this time they did not delete it . 
  none . 
  as usual . 
  fair enough . 
  you seen some weird definitions then , cause [ most of the definitions define it like that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe ) - usually austria , czech republic , germany , hungary , poland , slovakia . 
  obviously germany and austria are an exception from these problems , but it 's still applicable to everyone else . 
   if this keeps going on , countries will fall back to the old system . 
  what will change nothing . 
  these migrants already crossed few borders to get into hungary in a first place . 
  they care as much about borders as a wind does . 
  funny how quickly people forget that hungary does n't border with syria or even turkey . 
   eastern europe can not afford , even for its own citizens , free money to cover `` what 's necessary to survive in dignity '' . 
  it 's not just eastern europe . 
  same problem with central , same problem with southern , pretty much the only countries where it 's not a problem are western and northen european . 
  if there would be only a 3 sides in that conflict ... 
  i 'm sure they would n't be seen in the same way us would be . 
  russians got long relations with syria , and no perception among people of being responsible for any invasion in a middle east . 
  even if they 'd kill thousands in syria - they 'd still have a better pr out there than us does . 
  also note that russians do n't go there to support peace and democracy - they go to support assad , so noone will have any false hopes , expectations or illusions .
