  it might be certain , but the date is not . 
  i 'd argue that 2017 could bring more preparation and talk , without actually invoking it . 
  so far they have n't even agreed on what they want - creating a british stance on brexit in next 12 months would be something ... it might be too easy to underestimate just how much of a mess it is on a british side , and only they can invoke article 50 . 
  slowly more agreement is reached towards things like common digital market and european army . 
  new eu border & coast guard expands further . 
  more talk about the next eu treaty . 
  i 'm less certain about article 50 , but think that uk still wo n't invoke it * in 2017 * and they 'll still hamper the eu . 
  what eu should do ... realistically , accounting for global factors ? 
  i struggle to think of anything other than some cosmetics ( it 'd be nice to keep ep in brussels , create european university in strasbourg buildings - post-elections in france it might become a possibility ) . 
  most of the things people usually think about when asked that question are simply not doable , or can be done only in a longer perspective than 1 year . 
  but if we play , then : my secret hope is to create an eu counter-intelligence unit tasked to protect eu institutions . 
  with all the consequences attached to this decision . 
  might not ? 
  it already does not . 
  also : not everyone wants to go to mars . 
  in fact it 's limited pretty much only to nasa ( inc. . boeing & lm looking for contracts ) and spacex . 
  everyone else are looking towards leo ( india , chinese + loads of private companies i do n't even dare to count ) and moon ( esa , russians , chinese + again : loads of private companies , notably blue origin and lunar x-prize competitors ), 
  they 're national socialists in early stages . 
  for blame to be properly directed people have to be aware of exactly who voted for what , and media have to inform about who made what decision , instead of just repeating what they said on national press conferences . 
  wikipedia is your friend  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illiberal_democracy vs https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_democracy, 
  so not only press was blocked , but even mps ? 
  mind blown . 
  every time i thought a new low was hit - they managed to break all my expectations . 
  personally i would n't mind if they 'd move the voting place due to blocade , but they also blocked media from entering which is absolutely not acceptable . 
  we have a right to observe and look at the hands of each mp during the vote . 
  rubber-stamping it with shit webcam stream that shows bit over a dozen of mps out of over 230 required for quorum is outrageous . 
   edit : sejm resumed proceedings in a different chamber . 
  the budget for 2017 has been passed , with 234 out of 236 mps voting yes . 
  that is not certain though , they had no voting machines and votes were counted ` on hands ' , so noone knows exactly how mps voted or even if all people voting were mps to begin with ( there 's serious worry that assistants might have voted to achieve required quorum ) . 
  this whole debacle for what is one of most important bills sounds like a fucking banana republic , not a country that 's a member of eu . 
  yep , conservatives , breaking constitution , strong support from church - targowica had surprisingly lot in common with pis . 
  i know it 's a big oversimplification , but : the further away you get from the border the more resentment towards germans . 
  s7 is still a top-seller . 
  people either do n't know or do n't care . 
  it 's easy to overestimate results of that event from a sofa . 
  nokia would really have to come up with something unique with mass public appeal , and i really doubt they can do it given their very limited budget comparing to the biggest competitors . 
  that 's obviously false . 
  the first example that comes in mind would be canadians , which always get a very warm welcome , and even participated in the parade during armed forces day 2 years ago . 
  british troops also get a lot of positive reactions . 
  so do germans if they stick with western parts of country . 
  actually , majority of parts were built in germany , rest in europe , almost none were sourced `` worldwide '' . 
  also : iss still takes the title for the most complex thing ever . 
  while it did not had to have magnetic field analysed , things like multiple redundancies for emergency , precise calculation of center of mass , breakthroughs needed for construction or even the sheer complexity in assembly ( not just orbital , though that has unique challenges 7-x did not have to worry about ) , production and everyday maintenance that really do involve companies around the world is something that should not be ignored . 
  iter would be second , with the amount of technical breakthroughs it 's forcing for its construction it 's difficult to compete with it . 
  cern , including lhc , would be third . 
  do n't overestimate complexity of something because it was built largely of computer simulations . 
  all of these took orders of magnitude more time , effort and breakthroughs to built . 
  7-x is something special , and a modern world wonder on its own , but i would be very careful with trying to down-play other projects . 
  no , i too have that imaginary vision of opposition that makes everyone care about complex stuff that might impact their lives in an unspecified point of future , without having much of an idea for what sort of arts they 're suppose to use to achieve that & more when government party won majority of the seats + they have a silent ally in kukiz '15 for almost all their bills . 
  do you seriously think that there 's anything opposition could do to effectively fight the flood of scandals created by pis ? 
  current opposition is no worse than any other in xxi cenury polish politics , in fact i would argue that they do better considering the amount of protests they 've managed to mobilize . 
  what exactly would you expect when they already have a very active participation in every commission ( however few of them they are with pis avoiding normal legislative course through presenting bills via mps ) , bringing attention of the media to issues with bills that otherwise would pass through without anyone caring or actively taking stances on most of crucial issues ( with not just opposing in media , but proposing amendments addressing the issues and argumenting them in a commissions ) ? 
  alternatively : pis was doing so much shit during last year , that they 've turned into trump of polish politics . 
  someone with so many scandals and outrageous things done that nothing '' * sticks * '' to them any more . 
  there is no opposition in the world that fights effectively against that type of majority government . 
  it is and will be a big challenge in politics , not just polish . 
  why look beyond europe ? 
  even baltic states are in a worse situation . 
  epp was historically the biggest driver behind it , nowadays alde seems to be the biggest proponent of the idea though to much lesser degree s&d also supports it . 
  ( specifics vary depending on the exact topic and representatives ) ps . 
  these are parties in the european parliment , during ep elections always pay attention to which ep party your representative will belong to . 
  it 's poland . 
  boring country full of people complaining about everything . 
  we have no issues like colonialism , civil wars or foreign exploitation . 
  there 's nothing that centralization of ngo funding solves , it only gives more power in a hands of the few . 
  precisely . 
  if anything i apploud mayor for fairness and keeping up to the principles of secularism . 
  i wish we 'd have the same here ... 
   i 'm just saying they should n't waste money on fictional movies . 
  it all depends on specific agreement . 
  how nasa does movies is usually by providing a wide range of support , such as access to its facilities , consultancy , sometimes even cad models or blueprints for special effects . 
  and while i agree that ambition was largely wasteful - it was seen by over a million people and it 's still in top-3 most popular videos ever made by the agency . 
   watch the stream out of 6 hour video you have your scene with `` bureaucrats '' talking and 1 politician . 
  oh the horror !, 
  [ 5:06:38 ] ( https://youtu.be/lk7_qdhmgti?t=18398 ) is the moment when teams started celebrating and that 's the one that [ hit the news ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzlsib0bqiy ) , [ stuff like that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wbdqv6hnyg ) is what 's memorable , not whatever you found to be angry about . 
  as i said - it was n't a flawless introduction to the wide public coverage of the event for esa , but they still have done a good job . 
  they 're still one of a few european tv stations that bothers to regularly interview eu politicians instead of running constant updates on who cursed on who in national politics . 
  it was n't too cowardly to speak up against it , quite the opposite - they think that it 's a good idea and they bravely stick with it despite of public backlash . 
  he 's fine though , no threat to his life . 
   the stock price of spacecom ( the company owning the payload ) fell by more than 40 % in the days following the explosion . 
  worth keeping in mind that it 's largely because spacecom is a very minor operator and amos-6 was critical satellite for the company . 
   esa must now persuade its member states that a launch in 2020 is a good idea . 
  they already had ( during the ministerial conference in last 2 days ) . 
  exomars 2020 got all the funding it needs . 
  and that came out to be bollocks , just like his time estimates . 
  during iac he announced that the next year we 'll see the last upgrade to falcon 9 and no further decreases of price are planned . 
  its might offer a lower price , but i doubt it will be anywhere near the `` factor of about 50 '' ( though i heard even 100 , and i digress musk saying that he can build swiss-knife-spacecraft for the price lower than some airliners ) . 
  it 's suppose to be a radio telescope with much higher sensitivity than anything that can be achieved on earth . 
   musk expects the journey of his ship will be between 80 and 150 days long . 
  vs. 4 days to the moon . 
  besides - the faster you go to the mars the less payload you can take , optimal transfers take over 200 days . 
  and that 's not to mention that you have launch windows for mars only once every 2 years , which is a huge problem . 
  esa 's proposing focus on the moon , but they never said * no * to the mars . 
  in fact esa is actively participating in nasa 's `` journey to mars '' and just yesterday they approved another important component for it - second european service module for orion . 
  one thing worth noting that the article got wrong : moon village is not a concept to build a large base on a surface of the moon , it 's a concept of creating scientific and commercial environment on and around the moon . 
  moon village would exist even if no human would step on the surface of the moon . 
  ( and in fact for many applications small space station on the orbit of the moon combined with telerobotics would be a much better solution than actually landing humans on a surface . 
  in fact the first moon villlage workshop was about creating outpost orbiting the moon instead of a lunar base ) . 
   it wo n't happen as long as the rockets are disposable false . 
  making rockets reusable only brings a premise of lowering price , and even that is n't anywhere near of what was expected 5 years ago .
