  i need to tell my friends to get an asylum in the netherlands ( yea , yea , i know this money does not go directly to the people , but still ... fuck ... that 's a fortune ! ), 
  it 's from '90s , but ... 
  i like [ varius manx ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guj25fxcwmy&amp;index=2&amp;list=plw0hjxctfm5mfupc-l_xcflq2e6mdf0l_ ) and found that few english-speaking folks liked their songs too . 
  ( i linked the playlist , first song got a text translated to english in a video description ), 
  schengen in a way is a representation of an ideal future for the european union - a symbol of united europe without borders between the people . 
  i see there 's a lot of people opposing your post / u/sorrowfulskald , but for me schengen is very much an expression of the european unity . 
  it 's one of the most important `` good '' sides of the progressing unification between countries in europe . 
  there should be an additional found for successful deportations . 
  because as far as i 'm aware there is no country in the eu where an execution of law in this case would be above 90 % . 
  i guess he [ refers do this ] ( http://www.intrepidreport.com/archives/9402 ) ? 
  pls do n't shoot the messenger  ^ ) ^ ), 
   that no one else does . 
  that 's a little bit unjust . 
  the thing is - thanks to underpaid hipsters they can get far more footage than most of the other media do . 
  and while i could argue that pretty much everything they make a videos about was already covered by other media - they make a good job in showing people far more of the events there than competitors do . 
  also the formula in which they operate also means that every material has a similar `` weight '' - there is no 1st page and 20th page news - everything ends up on the main page of their website and in a mail list of their youtube videos . 
  that really changes a perception people have - and while you might have ignored the news that popped on some small box in a sub-page of ... say ... bbc news - you are unlikely to ignore the same news on a main page of vice news . 
  i 'm not the original poster , but ... 
  the thing is - i 'm under the impression that these days you do n't ** need ** an open discussion . 
  throwing * daily mail * - style headlines or in a very best case : cherry-picking some statistics without a context seems to be enough to convince people to have a solid , cemented opinion on a matter leading to votes in the elections ( and perhaps - in upcoming referendum ) . 
  pre-war * relative * wealth is relative , depends who you relate it to , so yes , you are correct , comparing to spain we still need to catch up . 
  the fact that spain is really struggling in last years while poland is not certainly helps with that . 
  arrive by car , park on a side of the road , on the approach / take off path , take the rpg-7 from a passenger seat , aim , fire . 
  if you do n't care if you 'll come out of it alive - it 's relatively easy to take the passenger plane down , especially a bigger one like a380 , which is a large target on a very stable , slow approach . 
  yes , life is no battlefield , but people done more [ impressive ] ( http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/world/afghanistan/story/2011-10-13/afghanistan-chinook-crash/50754194/1 ) things with rpgs . 
  no police or anything ? 
  in my city when there 's someone homeless trying to sleep on a railway station - he gets kicked the hell out by security . 
  lebensraum is fine with you too ? 
   there 's nothing offensive about it . 
  in a way , there is . 
  some of the former-warsaw pact countries historically never belonged to the eastern europe . 
  they either were northen , central , or southern ( if you prefer : south-eastern ) europe . 
  calling them `` eastern '' is defining countries by soviet split and ideology and denying them their true national identity that they had for centuries before soviets arrived . 
   maybe in a few decades things will be different , but for now it does make sense . 
  it makes sense only if you talk about cold war-era events . 
  not when you talk about anything after the fall of soviet union . 
  un does n't even recognize the existence of central europe in a first place . 
  lol, 
   one day you '' ll return to pre-ww2 levels , we already did . 
  actually : we 're long past that point . 
   people who were alive during the soviet occupation will be a tiny minority killing people that lived during soviet occupation is now a mandatory obligation to be historically accurate ? 
  the heck ... 
   in march this year some agency in poland published poll results and only like 45 % of poles trusted that nato will fullfill it 's military obligations at the same time only 48 % of poles thinks that we should help other nato country in case of a russian attack . 
  oh , the irony . 
  expecting others to help you , yet not willing to provide the help needed yourself . 
  i 'm glad it 's a politicians making decisions , not that crowd voting in polls . 
  european space agency needs some cash . 
  gib some money germany . 
  make that moon village a reality !, 
  if someone thinks that shutting down schengen zone would make any difference to the immigrants from africa : you could n't be any further from truth . 
  these people went through the mediterranean sea , crossed the outer eu borders , and heck : many of them also went through the english channel ( ! ), 
  into the uk , which is , to remind you , an island outside of the schengen zone . 
  and you think that puny document checks on a border will actually affect their movement or the amount of migrants . 
  they 'll just pass through the border where the border guards are not looking . 
  all it will be doing , is making a life of a normal europeans more annoying . 
  the thing is - brits never understood it in a first place . 
  no , no , no , no ... you are only allowed to take back k\u00f6nigsberg . 
   while there are supposed to be some `` elite '' units present in ukraine , most of them are apparently ordinary volunteer contract soldiers . 
  another important factor is that elite units were used mostly to secure crimea . 
  they do n't take part in everyday shootings in donbass region . 
  do n't confuse one politician with the czech republic . 
   they should have allied each other that would n't give them any sense of security . 
  in fact : even if all of the european countries bordering russia would create an alliance - it still would n't give them any sense of security that they want . 
  something you forgot : russia has a nuclear weapons , second largest arsenal in the world and by far largest number of active military personnel in europe . 
  none of the countries we are talking about have even a single nuclear warhead on their territory nor a capability of developing a nuclear weapons on their own ( ukraine used to have them , but they also had a very pro-russian governments and the fact that they got rid of the warheads had nothing to deal with nato )  it 's the perfect tool for putin to use as an enemy puppet in his propaganda . 
  if not that - then they would find something else to justify their actions . 
  what was the last thing on an agenda ... let me take a look ... oh , right , nazis . 
  before that - gay propaganda . 
  and somewhere before that a secret cia junta . 
  right now all the efforts go towards energy union , common gas price is just a part of the project . 
  you can read more at http://ec.europa.eu/priorities/energy-union/index_en.htm, 
  they look after their own interest . 
  germans got lower price of a russian gas than poland , no wonder they want to keep in that way . 
  hehe , it 's a pun ( we 're down to explaining jokes , heh ), 
   the goal from poland presumably is n't to make nato more militarily-powerful . 
    it 's to place something in poland that nato would consider unacceptably-damaging to lose , so that other countries would n't just ignore an attack on poland . 
  poland 's concern is another `` france and the uk promise to attack into germany if poland is attacked but just make a token gesture instead '' a la world war ii and they want guarantees that that wo n't happen . 
  you sir , just nailed it . 
   another possibility would be the eu placing non-military infrastructure of some sort that it would consider unacceptable to lose in poland . 
  say , gobs of power generation capacity , or something like that . 
  different polish governments tried doing that by pulling major us and ue military companies into poland , eg . 
  in the aerospace industry by selling pzl mielec to sikorsky or pzl-\u015awidnik to augusta wasteland . 
   i 've yet to see something that would perfectly fill the role . 
  it never will be a one thing . 
  it has to be a whole network of connections . 
  the whole discoussion about euro in poland very often oscilates around the topic of increasing national security , something that does n't make much sense to many south european countries . 
  the big question is - when poles will be satisfied ? 
  cause i 'm sure we are far from that at this very moment . 
   one user here was saying that they wanted us celebrities stuck on the border to ensure that the us would act . 
  katie melua did not help georgia much , so ... using celebrities is overrated . 
   we should n't have started this relation with keeping nato and letting it expand up to their border so ... half of the europe should be forbidden from joining nato to make russians feel happy ? 
  would that prevent russians from invading ukraine ? 
  cause you know that the revolution in that country would happen anyway , right ? 
   putin being so popular is a consequence of this in my opinion . 
  nothing to deal with consequent elimination of any political opposition since he got into the position of power and in recent years - controlling every major media in the country ? 
  the major reason is an expansion of nato ? 
  germans faced their history , russians did not . 
  what about the fence ? 
   if syria is safe again , they lose this status . 
  and they 'll stay in germany anyway , only this time as an illegal immigrants .
