  this document is mostly about what france and germany will do , wanting to give an example for other countries to follow . 
  meanwhile * national tv * already stands against it , and mostly for a made-up reasons ( * english no good ? * ) . 
  ridiculous . 
   i wonder what will be our official language ? 
  we already have an official languages . 
   i hope it 'll be an constructed/artificial language optimized for the human brain . 
  that 's literally what it is . 
  only agreement within the nordic council is more common than within v4 . 
  the reason is that hungary and czechs were fucking us over almost every important issue since the beginning of v4 , with war in ukraine being probably the biggest series of flops . 
  ever since kaczy\u0144ski was the president , poland was the only one doing something to have v4 speaking in one voice , and the one time we 've voted differently than others was for immigration quotas - which brought disproportional outrage , yet in the end nothing really came to pass from that vote . 
  v4 is a joke . 
  as recent events shown - we have more common interests with france or uk than we do with other v4 countries . 
  they better vote in line with referendum , cause otherwise the shitstorm will be unbelievable . 
  [ edit ] [ eu parliament ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=motion&amp;reference=b8-2016-0838&amp;format=xml&amp;language=en ) :  points out that the will expressed by the people must be entirely and fully respected, 
  frankfurt is most likely to be the winner , given the fact that it 's the biggest city in continental europe as far as finances go . 
  fyi in poland we have a whole movement want to implement single-member district system in this form or the other . 
  so ... yea ... shit 's crazy . 
  you see this neighbourhood where jews live ? 
  we will build a wall around it !, 
  and make jews pay for it !, 
  that wo n't be the case if uk wants to have a trade deal with eu on anywhere nearly as good terms as it does now . 
  look no further than norway or switzerland - they are not in the eu yet still follow all the eu regulations . 
  no love for irish ? 
  there should be female irish presenter in every eu media that will appear on a horizon . 
  and yet i still laugh every time :d it 's a condensed doze of who eurosceptics more than often are . 
  just a tiny reminder - latvia joined euro in 2014 and lithuania just last year . 
  of course you are right , but still worth pointing out that despite of all - countries do join euro ( these two joined for security reasons more than anything , but still ) . 
  polish pm already said that they want eu reform , and informal ruler of poland , kaczy\u0144ski , said that he wants a new eu treaty , so ... there will be some reform alright , only what they have in mind is `` europe of nations '' , headline that back in a day used to be reserved to far-right nationalists ... 
  that asap is still 2 years , so ... it 's not that soon ... catchy headline though , 
  huh ? 
  refugees are focused on germany , definitely not an english-speaking country . 
  oil price is bound to go up eventually , as it 's a finite resource . 
  and even without oil scotland would still be a wealthy nation . 
   it will be even less than england . 
  hahaha , no . 
  who told you that bs ? 
  uk has by far more influence on scotland than eu does on any country , even tiny belgium that 's hosting many eu institutions . 
  it 's quite amazing how much people overestimate the influence eu has . 
  eu is not usa , brussels has nowhere near the power washington does . 
  scotland can take the policy of ireland . 
  buy few ships , some older planes , and you 're done . 
  being in nato would help , but even that arguably would n't be necessary , just like ireland is n't in nato and it works fine . 
  scotland does n't have any distant overseas territories , and no ambitions to become a military power . 
  first biggest blocker . 
  timing was in deed very bad , and it was pointed numerous times - scottish independence referendum should have been done after british eu membership referendum , not before . 
  however back in 2014 noone was sure when exactly eu referendum would happen , and votes were switching in favour of remain . 
  it already [ quitted ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4plsfc/sinn_fein_calls_for_referendum_on_united_ireland/ ) . 
  nato would collapse by the time it 'd come to this . 
  president trump makes it more likely scenario than ever before . 
   new zealand has no harmful animals like poisonous snakes , scorpions or venomous insects , so its sole poisonous native spider -- the rare katip\u014d -- has almost mythical status . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.teara.govt.nz/en/spiders-and-other-arachnids/page-5 ) , til . 
  let me suggest a compromise - hungary takes it over with their glorious fleet . 
  meanwhile we 'll on a way to fining google 3 billion $ - and that 's `` record breaking '' ... 
  new zealand ? 
  sure , you 'll always have to wear hazmat suit to avoid contact with local fauna , but ... other than mega-tsunami it should be safe , should n't it ? 
  no collapsing !, 
  do n't you dare to collapse , eu !, 
  i 'll glue you with duct tape if i 'll have to !, 
  [ here 's a bigger thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4plsf1/brexit_spain_proposes_shared_sovereignty_over/ ) , covering the same subject . 
  just fyi : that 's the equivalent of minister for foreign affairs . 
  it 's just just a random guy mumbling . 
  this map includes some of the selected dialects , not just languages , look at the southern part of germany for one obvious example . 
  i wonder if there 's any northern irish around here to comment on that . 
  assuming northern ireland would leave the uk : is unification really going to be on a table ? 
  or you 'd rather go independent ? 
  most likely he 'll be out of the office by the time decision is made . 
  [ edit ] ooops , i 'm not up to speed with the events - he just [ announced resignation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4plnnm/brexit_david_cameron_announces_resignation/ ) . 
  i ca n't see eu members supporting spanish claim to gibraltar . 
  people in gibraltar want to stay in uk , yet we deny them this in order to allow people in scotland leave the uk ? 
  it 'd be so hypocritical that it 's hard to believe . 
  we actually did if you include payments for f-16 . 
  only for some reason they were made from * ministerstwo skarbu * instead of * ministerstwo obrony narodowej * ( which is what counts to the official statistic ) . 
  official statistic is that in 2015 it was 1,95 % gdp and in 2016 it will be 2 % . 
  if you include payments for f-16 it was 2,27 % gdp in 2015 . 
  it wo n't win much votes in poland really . 
  majority of poles is indifferent , and even those that do support polish involvement in fighting terrorists in middle east think that sending few planes for recon missions does n't do much . 
  in terms of votes they 'd loose more than gain , imho . 
  it is in deed , though value in this case will be much lower than during earlier polish interventions abroad . 
  this time it will be a small detachment of f-16s scouting , guys from logistics will learn more from that than anyone else . 
  london is a huge city which has it 's own climate ... on the other hand during my long stays is east midlands i was surprised just how often it rains . 
  sure , it 's not a heavy rainfall , but it rains and rains ... sometimes 2 weeks without a break . 
  i 'm much more used to continental climate - here when it rains it rains heavily , but shortly . 
   this is madness !, 
  this is sparta !!!, 
  albania does not have a shariah law , shariah law is irrelevant to this case . 
  in fact : shariah law is more prevalent in uk than it is in albania . 
  it does n't matter if organization it is a member of has a different definition of anything - in membership what matters is if you fulfil the eu requirements ( currently albania is closer to doing it that non-existent kurdistan state is ) and eu member states agree to accept your country ( i do n't see it happening for either of these two , just like i do n't see it happening for turkey , yet somehow it 's not an obstacle for scaremongering with turkey in british media ), 
  kurdistan is not in europe , not even in a tiny bit , it 's not a state , and even if it would be - it 'd be behind turkey , quite deep in asia . 
  so it 's a no-go . 
  albania or bosnia and herzegovina would be more likely candidates if anything ... 
  funny that you say it , considering that the time uk was most influential in the eu - in the very early days , before eu was called eu and then again around the period when poland joined - it was not using that threat . 
  hahaha , you know nothing . 
  eh ... no point discussing it further , cause i think we do n't get into any agreement . 
  i have no idea what do you mean by `` significant resources to getting them in '' - as far as i 'm aware he did no such thing and uk was n't the one pushing for reopening negotiations , germany was , not to mention that reopening negotiations is more of a gesture of good faith in exchange for protecting eu from immigrants that anything meaningful as they are barely on a beginning of path towards fulfilling criteria , and in a current state of turkish politics - they wo n't be ticking that list off any time soon . 
  i ca n't tell for sure if he will block it or not , but calling him a federalist is an insult towards an actual federalists . 
  he 's closer to conservatives than federalists , as far as pro-eu politicians go . 
  vote was necessitated irrespectively of what junker said to the press . 
  what he made clear long before this is that uk wo n't get any more special treatment than it got from the latest concessions cameron negotiated , and that there wo n't be a new treaty during his cadence . 
  after that - doors are opened for a new treaty and reforming the eu , which is something uk should be focused on when choosing to stay instead of meddling how to get even more concessions . 
  cameron is a federalist ?
