  if that 's the top priority then saudi arabia and pakistan should be way above wherever down the list iran is . 
  well , the fact that there 's a tendency to close nuclear powerplants certainly does n't help with getting independent from `` russians and saudis '' . 
  also a focal point of the aerospace valley , one of the most important points on the map of europe , technology-wise . 
   but i also agree , that media goes against trump in every step he make . 
  if every step he makes would n't be a miserable mistake - i guess media would n't have much to talk about . 
  instead trump feeds them with news like he 's getting paid for that . 
  to be fair though : trump 's a disaster of a president , so afd falling down and people looking for a candidate that wants to build stronger eu make sense . 
  even if for majority other factors were more important . 
  it 's not like being neutral is some mission newspapers are suppose to fill . 
  and they 're still nowhere near as bad as papers going further off the center . 
  every polish base is a nato base , but no foregin country would allow you to breach npt anywhere near them , nor protect you from consequences of such a stupid move . 
  and for russia a missile strike on such facility would be a win-win - they 'd cite israeli precedent , call you out for breaching npt , ask for global sanctions like it happened with iran , they 'd end up looking like a savors of world order , while poland would have it 's international relations ruined and nato membership questioned . 
  eu have done no such thing . 
  since trump took the office negotiations are in a `` deep freeze '' , but nothing is thrown away . 
  no , you ca n't count on support of western allies against retaliation to you breaking the npt . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  even pis is n't that dumb - kaczy\u0144ski calls for turning eu into a nuclear power instead of trying to do it domestically . 
  as if that would matter . 
  poland ca n't keep something like that a secret and russians would run a preemptive missile strike using npt as a casus beli . 
  i assure you no nato member would stand by pis to oppose that . 
  exactly . 
  idiot complains that some want the eu of two speeds while he himself and his party fellows bear part of the responsibility for this idea and worked very hard on pushing poland into the backwater of the union . 
  fuck him . 
  that 's why this definition is not about a single action , and lines are blurred , not cut sharp . 
  that 's being generous ... 
  i seriously doubt it 'll fly before 2030 , if at all . 
  it struggles to compete , price-wise , with some of the planned conventional , commercial rockets , i see no circumstances under which it 'd be built and used in a way that allows a company to grow while operating it . 
  it wo n't be cheaper only if you assume high volume of flights . 
  in low volume , as all the current trends are showing , it 's definitely going to be cheaper than re-using the entire first stage . 
  ( hence why spacex is creating its satellite constellation - they need high number of launches to make the whole system profitable , otherwise it makes no sense ) . 
  also : arianespace is already competing on price with spacex . 
  for small sats the price is the same , for large sats spacex got the edge , but it 's not large if you account for all the costs , not just cost of the slot itself . 
  and so in 2016 arianespace beaten spacex in a market share for a new contracts signed , just like it did in 2015 . 
   cut flight cost only by 20 to 30 % , not enough to be competitive with spacex considering that falcon 9 reusability cuts prices by 30 % - it 's right on the spot . 
  polish politics are badly skewed to the right . 
  here people call po `` leftists '' even though they are center-right . 
  in deed . 
  i would n't mind to see this implemented as a policy in the entire eu . 
  he 's pro-eu though , which means that he wo n't try to give british the best deal in order to prove the far-right claims that destroying the eu is the best way to go . 
  he will put interests of france and the eu ahead of rightist political agenda , which is precisely what 's needed . 
  that assumes british citizens would be happy from becoming a tax heaven , which is nothing assured . 
  huh ? 
  of course * with greece * . 
  i do n't see how there 's any doubt about it . 
   once per month is a much better idea better idea would be to make it a one-off event . 
  or at least : once a year event . 
  not a matter of luck , just incompetence . 
  and to make it more amusing - press conference right after the accident was like `` pm 's fine , but hate . . oh !, 
  all the hate online !, 
  look at some random guy murdering secretary in our mp 's office from years ago !, 
  hate , hate everywhere ! '', 
  said by the guy responsible for the security of our pm . 
  they should run `` trump chosen to be the president by an anonymous group of people selected by god-knows-who . '', 
  i guess it depends on what 's her programme and promises . 
  since the elections junker won these seem to be quite key to winning support . 
  ep sessions are already live streamed online . 
  meetings and sessions of the council are not , much like meetings of your national ministers are n't ( you only get press conferences , occasionally short exchanges for public ) . 
  eu documents and trade deals are also available to public . 
  otherwise it would n't be possible to implement them . 
  europa.eu - i highly recommend you visit that website at least once . 
   how the fuck can you claim it 's not about civil rights ? 
  some parts of it are . 
  the whole thing is just yet another political manifesto , this time centered around economics . 
  as i said earlier on - i do n't disagree with everything . 
  but i 'd avoid treating it as some bible of what must be done or else world collapses in turmoil . 
  it 's yet another political option . 
  nothing less , nothing more . 
  yea , no , we 're not talking about the opposition to authoritarian governments or fighting for freedom and civil rights . 
  haha , it 's a title of the article , you can literally copy & paste it into google , click `` i 'm feeling lucky '' and get it , 
   but that makes it no less valuable no , but it shows his incompetence in dealing with large , real economies and lack of understanding in international relationships . 
   such as ? 
  such as that the eu will be in an economic free-fall . 
  it 's not . 
   because ' a union which works for the people ' is hardly a far-left concept . 
  you know that far-left/right always have points meant to be appealing for more general public ? 
  that makes them no less far-left/right . 
  but yes , a choice of rhetoric goes a long way in understanding his leanings , so does his assessment of the current situation ( already quoted '' * clueless * establishment '' and '' * advanced * state of disintegration '' are assessments that appear only in the edges of the political spectrum ) . 
  in either case remember that i said '' * some of the ideas are good , some of the intends are good * '' . 
  i 'm not opposed of everything he said , but none the less there are parts that make me keep diem25 at least the length of a very long stick away from me . 
  i 'm fine with solving problems through evolution , and i 'm fine with calling non-centrists a non-centrists ( varoufakis literally calls himself marxist ) . 
   in return , they basically told him to take the deal or fuck off . 
  there was a lot of problems with what varoufakis proposed , and how he negotiated . 
  you basically take his word at the face value while ignoring what everyone else said about these negotiations . 
  i 'd strongly encourage you to read more about his offers and the surrounding events . 
  also his predictions from that era that ( obviously ) did not come true . 
   this is seen as a positive development by diem members , and pretty much exactly what they 're advocating for . 
  for a documents that was published * today * it seems to be oddly ignorant of that concept , to the point where i 'm ready to assume an intentional manipulation , if that 's truly the case . 
   this is n't a criticism it 's not . 
  merely a statement pointing that varoufakis goes too far into far-left territory for my liking . 
   his point is n't that a united europe is a bad idea . 
  ( ... ) this makes me think you did n't read it properly . 
  the document explicitly says that united europe is an idea worth saving , i get that . 
  re-read my post , cause you seem to be reading it in a different way than i wrote it . 
  i never implied anything you think i did in these two parts . 
  also - you seem to be re-iterating your own manifesto from the parts you liked in varoufakis 's manifesto . 
  good for you , but it 's a waste of time . 
  i 'm a centrist , this looks nothing like a centrist manifesto . 
  centrists do n't call to disobeying the government , centrists do n't call for ` radical new deals ' . 
  read other replays though , his description is somewhat inaccurate . 
   and the european union is at an advanced state of disintegration .
