  i think that uk gave up on doing that while ago . 
  he very likely was born in 1995 . 
  too young to remember , too stupid to give a shit . 
   it was very loud in media about those events it was ? 
  i read something in a newspaper and seen it mentioned maybe once or twice in a tv but that 's about it . 
  you grossly underestimate what `` very loud '' actually can be . 
  found out my family member got lung cancer . 
  being stressed out , doing some research online ... generally : not the best week of my life . 
  smoking kills . 
  just admit it - you 're jealous , norway . 
   they thought poland is next to russia that 's ... [ not wrong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad_oblast ), 
   i 'll be there in the summer and it would be warm . 
  +40 \u00b0 c this summer ... ~_~, 
  the left side of czechoslovakia . 
  60 % of the time it works ... every time . 
  sounds legit . 
  i should start doing the same . 
  hehehe , i expected that mrmysterious95 or his comrade o5kar would be summoned by this post  that 's not what i posted , mate . 
  read again , understand , if you still do n't : keep on reading over and over again . 
  i very much agree . 
  but so is a support to immigration problem in our interest . 
  better work pre-emptively than weak up with 20 % + of your county being migrants from africa - which is what will happen if everyone continues to avoid the topic and pretend that it 's some abstract issue of the * western countries * . 
  last year number of azylum seekers grew by 44 % , and it 's only going to accelerate as biggest countries make active moves to limit immigration . 
  ** [ the myth that nato committed to having no permanent troops in eastern europe ] ( http://www.atlantic-community.org/-/the-myth-that-nato-committed-to-having-no-permanent-troops-in-eastern-europe ) ** . 
   poland 's foreign policy does n't need a revolution , '' duda said in an interview with politico , `` but it does need a correction . '' reminder : in poland president does n't have any constitutional right to decide on a direction of a national foreign policy . 
  it 's a role of the government . 
   tusk has already gotten into a dustup with duda . 
  he did n't do much more than send a congratulatory tweet on his victory , a sparser recognition than tusk has meted out to other eu election winners . 
  tusk was also a no-show at duda 's august 7 inauguration after a protocol dispute : he was invited as a former prime minister , not as the current head of the european council . 
  political party from which duda origins spent last 8 years on attacks against mr. tusk and attempts of blaming him on everything that went wrong in the entire country , to the point where `` wina tuska '' ( the fault of tusk ) became a running joke . 
  no wonder that two politicians do n't share any friendly relations . 
  related : [ how libya kept migrants out of eu - at any cost ] ( http://www.theweek.co.uk/6515/how-libya-kept-migrants-out-of-eu-at-any-cost ), 
  well , their and russians . 
  let 's not forget that both of these countries signed a pact that begun ww2 . 
  poland can not into space ? 
  still ? 
  even with esa ? 
  god damn it ... 
   firstly we never had any colonies like france , belgium , uk and so on i 'm sure that germany , france , uk , or any of the southern countries will remind you that next time poland asks for nato bases on its territory or any other form of support against russia . 
  cause you know ... by your logic : it 's not their problem either . 
   is poland willing to accept asylum seekers from afghanistan ? 
  yes . 
  among asylum seekers in poland afghans were the second largest group in 2014 . 
  and from what i see : there 's no objections in helping them ( unlike , say , syrians ) . 
   so how about iraq ? 
  iraqis rarely seek asylum in poland , even though historically we had quite good relations with them ( poles build motorways in iraq , so were perceived in a rather friendly way during the war - more like a nation looking to help people rebuild than * conquer * anything ) . 
  there was a special programme running to help iraqis supporting polish army whose life was in danger . 
  but not much beyond that . 
   `` we did n't have colonies '' is a shitty excuse . 
  very much so . 
  and it 's being used waaaay too often . 
   support refugee situations in the countries nearby the crises ( nothing specific afaik . ), 
  that 's not true . 
  denmark does have a very specific programmes to support these countries . 
  including sending soldiers to mali and preventing possible massacres , running programmes like `` opportunity africa '' which help danish companies work in africa and by this - increase a development level of african countries , or even providing direct financial support through programmes like agriculture fast track fund . 
  these are n't a refugees looking for just a better life than the one they had in africa . 
  they are looking for the best thing they can possibly get . 
  and that 's usually uk , de , fr , se . 
  try harder . 
  works as designed . 
   i 'm writing a short article/essay about the `` beach culture '' of different countries and yet you know nothing about them ? 
  yea , that sounds like a typical pole . 
  woosh ... there goes the joke . 
  you are the one who talks about 2100 , that 's , for your information , 85 years from now . 
  i just follow up on that thought . 
  that photograph - bald , tall guy without a neck wearing t-shirt `` trust me , i 'm polish '' ... laughable . 
   who ape his views yea , as if saying things like that would gain you any public support . 
  said by the guy who just posted  your post is so irrational . 
  as a reply to rather long and constructive criticism of his point of view . 
  oh , the irony . 
   to give you an example , the population of romania with a 1.2 birthrate is set to go from 20 million to 10 million by 2100 . 
  bulgaria from 9 million to 3.8 million . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  earth population needs to decline if we 're to ensure a survival of humanity . 
  instead of saying that `` we need immigration '' in the eu , which is absurd , we should put more focus on propagating anti-conception in africa and reducing birth rates around the globe . 
  5 commons . 
  just last month i 've been on that spot between poland and czech republic . 
  damn - i ca n't think of any way to make a less attractive photograph . 
  it 's on a side of a mountain , surrounded in a dwarf mountain pines with an amazing views in both sides and a very comfortable route going along the border . 
  it 's really lovely place but ... wow ... that photograph sux hard . 
  irish english, 
  not bad . 
  from something you might actually use '' * two to two * '' is one of the funnier . 
  or a more amusing mix : '' * from two to two to two two * '', 
  romania  poland / eot, 
  i 'm quite sure they would n't mind that . 
   but if you help to deal with russia hey , kaliningrad is gone , so ... fuck them , we 're done . 
   you can get ukraine . 
  perhaps we already have it ? 
  map does n't go so far south ... you 'll never know ; , 
  * baltic . 
  ftfy . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i mean : for some people it 's certainly that , but for other - it 's just calling the things by their name . 
  i would n't call greece a western europe , and i would n't call poland an eastern europe . 
  people get mildly annoyed cause there 's a common perception that people west from odra river have no clue about poland and think it 's a country of polar bears and death camps ... so others naturally try to correct whatever they see as inaccurate . 
  that 's not entirely correct - it was east during the cold war . 
  `` eastern block '' , `` warsaw pact '' and all that stuff . 
  but before and after - central all the way . 
  thank god cold war is over now and we can stop using cold wars split between east and west .
