   by the same token you could say that the new kiev gov would n't let it be determined if the russians pulled out either . 
  kiev government already made a statement on that matter . 
  they want to extend rights of crimean autonomy even further without any referendum on that matter ( where they already have a very good conditions ) , however crimea will remain as an integral part of ukraine . 
   getting a bunch of independent observers over there and having the russians pull back in exchange for a referendum to take place might just be the right balance , however imperfect . 
  russians wo n't pull back , cause they got gigantic naval base in sevastopol . 
  they ca n't abandon it , and russian personnel of this base lives all around crimea . 
  also russians do n't need military forces to rig referendum . 
  and as i mentioned - they got plenty of experience with working under the eye of observers . 
  do n't be surprised to suddenly see a huge increase in crimean population . 
  it already started . 
  love how they highlight everywhere that it 's `` normal '' . 
  russian tactics are firing back . 
  well done sweden . 
   i do n't know but the way the west and its media is ignoring the question of self-determination is distressing to me and why is that ? 
  they avoid it cause they ai n't fools to believe that it can be determined with russian troops on a streets . 
   i have the feeling that it would be necessary to first look at what the crimean people really want that would be extremely difficult with current presence of russian army and special forces there . 
  as well as russian expertise in manipulating elections under the noses of observers . 
  and the fact that they bring people from moscow and other parts of russia to support them on crimea . 
   that 's not how self determination works . 
  what they want to do is not how it works either . 
  ukrainian parliament would need to agree for any referendum for or against secession from ukraine . 
  but they never did nor will , so whatever the outcome of that referendum will be ( even if we greatly underestimate russian ability to manipulate elections , or the fact that during last few days they brought buses full of people from moscow to make pro-russian marches on crimea ) - it 's going to be illegal anyway . 
  should have just bought a boat , gps , and send them to spain as an illegal immigrants . 
  they hope to prevent boarding while at the same time keeping whole encounter without opening any live fire from their own side . 
  hopefully russians wo n't start shooting first . 
  it 's illegal . 
  president has no such authority according to ukrainian constitution . 
   i 'm also reading what he has to say and it 's usual rubbish . 
  he says rubbish for a political reasons . 
  lie repeated thousands of times becomes truth . 
  that 's what he is counting on . 
  everything he has done so far is perfectly calculated and decently executed plan . 
  as ukrainians noted themselves : deployment of russian forces looks like something that was planned for months . 
  not days . 
   you 're right . 
  what we should do is declare war on russia . 
  never said that . 
  just embargo them . 
  just said : it 's purely spec-wise . 
  and indians left because they noticed how buisness is made in ru and how progress on pak fa looks like . 
  imho tightening polices for arrival into eu would be a good start , as well as starting en-masse deportations of illegal immigrants , even if it means having a burden of messing up lives of these people . 
  lampedusa is something that never should have happened . 
  green light for immigrants there only encourages more attempts , and more deaths of people trying to get into eu . 
  i do n't understand why eu does n't want to kick them out hiding behind morality , while totally forgetting that every illegal immigrant allowed to stay in eu will encourage another one to make an attempt of getting here - probably loosing his life in a process . 
  i do agree that  nine member states in the eu today receive 90 % of all asylum applications annually is a problem and something should be done about that . 
  ohhh ... the hypoxia fighter . 
  well , spec-wise sukhoi pak fa is superior . 
   on a serious note though - f22 plays a very different role than either f-35 or typhoon which are both multi-role fighters . 
  right , cause 100 % of that industry relies on russia . 
  he basically says that only russian troops deployed are around their own military bases . 
  everything else ( including these that surrounded ukrainian garrisons ) is a crimean militia . 
  usual bs talk . 
  after listening putin i recommend [ reading through samantha power speech in un ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/samantha-power-russia-ukraine-un-security-council-2014-3 ) . 
  ^ ( scroll little bit down , it 's a tabbed part of a text starting with '' * here is the full text of power 's remarks at the u.n. : * '' ), 
  well , somehow you do get a gas from them right now . 
   in my area , served by russian gas , people have opposed for years a project of building an off-shore regasification facility that would allow to receive gas supplies by ship . 
  really ? 
  [ we started building one in poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9awinouj%c5%9bcie_lng_terminal ) quite recently ( it should be finished this year ) and there was next to no opposition at all . 
  quite contrary - people were happy of a new jobs and greater energetic security fore the whole country . 
   the problem with putin is that he is a mad dictator , nope , he is not . 
  he is actually a very intelligent and well-educated politician that 's not afraid of making bold moves as far as there are no consequences . 
  he is nothing like all of the other dictators us fought against in recent years . 
  but you see - now economical consequences [ started to kick in ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zf0k8/russian_stock_exchange_crashing_hard_right_now/ ) and putin gently backs down ( watch his conference live right as we speak ) . 
  algeria and libya would be more than happy . 
  us would also gladly provide gas needed be , though it might be quite an enterprise for logistical reasons . 
  turkey also wants some active role in reassuring peace and territorial integrity of ukraine . 
  in pretty much all of the meetings turkey stood side by side with poland on that matter . 
   and this government acted as if it had the legitimacy to overturn law recognising russian as a second language , and toughen up dual citizenship laws . 
  just to remind you - they did n't do it in the end . 
  acting president trashed all of these laws . 
  german economy would n't be too happy about that . 
  you imagine tens of thousands of germans suddenly going to collect strawberries or sorting garbage ? 
   hey have absolutely no concern for anything else beside their own pockets . 
  [ your words were prophecy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zimte/the_uk_is_serious_about_putting_pressure_on/ ) . 
  good news  well done guys . 
  seems like this whole mess is starting to pay off for europe as a whole . 
  hopefully more good news will follow . 
   world 's second best fighter jets and airforce what do you mean `` second best '' ?!, 
  it 's the best . 
  f-35 is a huge flop - tons of technical issues cripple that fighter all across the board . 
  if it 'd be the best - you 'd have it already serving in your navy as you ordered them . 
  love the mustache . 
   but in all honesty a russian invasion should not have been necessary to get european members to actually consider meeting the obligations they agreed to . 
  it was supposed to be a collaboration . 
  yes . 
  but now that it happened - i hope it will be . 
   clearly , but the point of having targets was to ensure members at least had a decent base to work from . 
  expenses are not proportional to capabilities . 
  by that logic - eu army should be the most capable and formidable force in the world . 
  cause eu combined spends more on military than any other country , us included . 
  we all know what 's the truth . 
   most members are n't meeting their obligations yet still expect any benefits , meeting obligations was never necessary to gain benefits from nato membership . 
  do n't worry , finland wo n't allow anything precious to be discovered anywhere close to russia . 
  they 're not stupid . 
  part * deems necessary * is precisely why polish government is so pissed off by this whole situation . 
  next time russians move their forces through kaliningrad borders suddenly everyone in nato will find it * not * necessary just like french and uk did when you guys decided to pay us a visit in 1939 supported by your temporary soviet `` friends '' . 
  kaliningrad is some weird shit that should n't even be there to start with . 
  that would certainly save a lot on bureaucracy . 
  said buy a firesland guy . 
  lol,
