  funny how in the end it ended up being nothing more than a self-harm . 
  precisely . 
  inability of the previous government to put him and ziobro under the state tribunal was one of their biggest failures . 
  if i 'd be guessing i 'd point at [ belsat tv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belsat_tv ) and alike . 
  initiatives to show belarusians an alternative view of the world than the one their dictator does . 
  but you know ... apparently new us government does n't like that ... 
  it does n't mean `` isis sends me '' either . 
  profile of an attack seems to be more similar to the suicide by police than terrorist attack . 
  usually terrorists target ... you know ... civilians , which were numerous in the whole area , none of them harmed . 
  we tend to do it with [ more than one flag ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/18914445_303.jpg ) , 
  did n't farmers switch to pis from psl during last elections ? 
   and then there was the beagle before it did not crash . 
  landing was successful , it failed to deploy solar panels . 
  nsm is a great missile though , and so are type 212s ( at least according to polish soldiers that got the chance to work with them ) . 
  i see no reason to call it '' * one hand washes the other * '' , they just found a setup where both armies can provide the best equipment for each other while mutually benefiting from the deals . 
  ideally push towards european army should take notice and aim for similar models , where when possible different countries specialise in different kinds of hardware . 
  precisely . 
  no citizenships for everyone willing . 
  it should be the end of special treatment for uk , not just its minimization . 
  it 'd be absurd to have them as a citizens of a block that they are not a part of . 
  it 's not about swedish defence budget , it 's about whether kockums was willing to participate and had a submarine to offer that fulfils the requirements . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  they opened a procurement and companies willing to sell their subs stepped in . 
  you should be complaining to swedes ( kockums , more specifically ) that they did not participate , not to norwegians that they did n't ... 
  i do n't know what you expect ... forced them to participate ? 
  good job repeating after putin . 
  now take your ruble and go away . 
  and so , the [ battle of avdiivka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_avdiivka ) continues ( yes , it 's a thing ) . 
  one might hope that centre-left parties in other countries take notice, 
  poor snowflakes . 
  need a safe space ? 
  and how skylon is suppose to solve that ? 
  by that time we 'll have at least 2 european rockets ( vega c + and ariane 6 ) capable of lifting similar payloads into orbit . 
  the more the better , i get it , but there is no `` one basket '' to speak of ( presuming that c + and skylon will be built , neither of which is 100 % certain at this point , though c + is more likely to be built by 2030 given the fact that its design is already much further along than the one of skylon , and all of that is without looking at the private sector/foreign providers , cause skylon tends to currently most crowded market sector out there ) . 
  from a practical point of view equatorial space port is as good for launching polar or high inclination orbits as high latitude spaceports are . 
  french guiana is an excellent launch site for both : sso ( launch north ) and geo ( launch east ) launches . 
  the only reasons to have a high latitude spaceport is logistics or geostrategic security . 
  otherwise they 're a waste of resources . 
  it 's esa 's , not just french . 
  esa already funded sabre . 
  first engine needs to be developed  skylon is a very ... problematic spacecraft , design-wise . 
  even if it all goes as planned , without delays or cost overruns ( which is extremely unlikely , to the point of impossibility ) , it might end up in a market where it 's outcompeted by more conventional rockets . 
  it 's not the case though , at least not as far as current experiences go . 
  not to mention that chinese stood at the same dilemma and decided that keeping up higher prices is better than attempting to lower them in a hope for higher number of launches . 
  new , innovative uses of space is what increases the number of launches , not lower launch prices ( in a grand scheme of things launch cost is already a minor part of the overall costs , from decision to build a new satellite to the end of its operations ) . 
  it 's be-4 . 
  and it 's hardly a `` direct competitor '' , these wo n't be competing with each other for anything what so ever . 
  rockets using them will , but the engines themselves wo n't . 
  left-right spectrum is not meant to apply to everything for every party , never was meant to ( to quote yourself : * i even use it to recognise political ignorants * ) . 
  it 's a split by ideology , not by a particular policy . 
  pis on left-right spectrum is right wing . 
  it 's authoritarian nationalism , that 's economically a 3rd way . 
  it 's loosing a meaning only if you use it incorrectly or do n't know what it is in a first place . 
  that was the period after stormfront announced that they 'll use reddit to spread their message , r europe was among primary targets . 
  no plan is better than * let 's fuckup the eu * plan . 
  it does n't seem to be nearly as bad as you say - these comments got down-voted to hell , and well , in every large group made of random redditors there always will be individuals looking for a fight . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  germans control the entire eu and every institution it has . 
  it was their master plan since the end of ww2 , now they 'll just reform into fourth reich !, 
  say heil to merkel !, 
  or at least ... that 's what right-wing americans told me ... 
  how is that not the most popular cow there is ? 
  they want to lower the price by mass production and a high degree of integration . 
  but it 's still going to be expensive , much like spacex . 
  actually : using actual in the way you do is not uncommon in europe , and it 's de facto a normal world in english used in the european parliament . 
  so : it might be wrong for canadian , but it becomes an acceptable word . 
  perhaps it did . 
  they just outcompeted the competition with margin safe enough to compensate for the losses from diesel gate . 
  there 's more to the car than its emissions , or even engine as a whole . 
  the only way to fix things is by moving . 
  either forward or far back . 
  too little power to take action when needed , yet prominent enough to be blamed for not taking action . 
  tl ; dr :  ( 1 ) the prime minister may notify , under article 50 ( 2 ) of the treaty on european union , the united kingdom 's intention to withdraw from the eu . 
   ( 2 ) this section has effect despite any provision made by or under the european communities act 1972 or any other enactment . 
  that 's about all there is to it . ^ ^ [ s ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/bills/cbill/2016-2017/0132/17132.pdf ), 
  huh ? 
  you 're delusional . 
  she spent large part of her career attacking various groups of vulnerable people , of course they 'll feel threatened and consider her to be their enemy . 
  whatever suits the narrative today . 
   only some do . 
  she worked very , very hard to have enemies . 
  going to the refugee camp to run some show for the public could aggravate some people . 
  it 's obvious that she 'd need additional security . 
  it 's more of a protectionism , nepotism , and shamelessly picking people from a political key . 
  some degree of high end corruption was always there , it 's bit too early to tell if it 's getting worse or better ( these things tend to take years to be exposed and often times require change of the government ) . 
  pretty sure that in a current political situation in spain noone would want to unite with them ... 
  if it 's another mali - preventing isis from overtaking yet another country in me - i 'm fine with that . 
  yea , that one again . 
  unless you study international relations you do n't have to know that . 
  it 's useful to know some of the things , like what is eea , schengen , eu , eurozone ... that 's about it from this graphic . 
  everything else got no impact on your life and little to no real impact on politics in your country . 
  this graphic is more like an showcase of how complex international relations might be if you round up most of the stuff from * the entire flippin continent * , but otherwise it 's pretty much meaningless , if not to say intentionally confusing and scaring for people trying to familiarize themselves with politics beyond the borders of their own state . 
  not as creative as the [ 2009 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/6263740/farmers-protest-fall-in-milk-prices-by-spraying-brussels-police-from-cows-udder.html ) one . 
  and yea - they wanted pretty much the same as they do now - to regulate milk production . 
  one would think that over all that time they could have gone for something else than the milk production if prices are too low for their liking ... 
  very ... humble . 
  but still nice that it exists . 
  good then that the president of nato 's largest member begun undermining its existence since before he even took the office ... 
  i 'm puzzled that the only european shipyard capable of building ships 300m + was sold to koreans ... hopefully once eu military cooperation tightens assets like these will be protected for security reasons . 
  but i 'm glad to see * seabus * ( someone should really make it a thing ) being created - it might lead to further unification of european defense , which is always a good thing , even if for smaller classes we might be paying more due to lower competition .
