  right now there are few meaningful entities in the world ( sorted by gdp ) * eu * us * china * russia everything else is just a figure on a chess board . 
   the idea that the eu is the second most influential entity in the world is rather funny . 
  we 're out of cold war period for quite a while . 
  what decides about power in modern world is economy . 
  and eu got very powerful economy , even if it 's divided ( part of a reason why i 'd like to see eu even more united , preferably to the form of united states of europe - something that uk actively opposes ) . 
  there 's no veto in eu . 
  it 's not united paralyzed nations . 
   zomg the eu does n't want countries to secede from others , because ecb or something else !, 
  it 's more because they 're afraid of new spring of nations . 
  put yourself in a spanish perspective . 
  they will do anything they can to make life of independent scotland as difficult as possible for quite obvious reasons . 
  and then there are other countries with their own ethical minorities that either want or wanted international recognition . 
   that 'll mean they 'll be `` forced '' to drop the pound and adopt the euro , so far it 's not even certain if scotland will be allowed to keep pound . 
  there 's a large opposition to this idea in the uk . 
  so either they 'll have `` scottish pound '' ( or however they 'll decide to call it ) or negotiate with eu to get euro . 
   let 's be honest , independence would not bar any country from eu membership . 
  it 's not that obvious . 
  after all everything is about the law - how treaties should be applied to the new political entities . 
  i think general consensus for now is that scotland would have to negotiate it 's entry just like every other country does , only they can speed up the process by quite a bit ( eg . 
  instead of years we would have months ) . 
  but nothing is settled yet . 
  i guess they 'll get it on a table closer to the referendum . 
   fully joining the common european market it sounds like you think it 's something bad . 
   the ukrainian nationalists are going to be very pissed about this . 
  peace , or happy nationalists ? 
  that 's basically a choice that acting president got . 
   i think there is quite a chance we will leave . 
  yea , especially for uk which economy is mostly eu-dependent . 
  prepare for spain-level unemployment . 
  some companies already consider moving out from uk if it leaves eu ( nissan was the first big company to touch this topic ) . 
   the uk is a major economy in the world and the eu . 
  to be exact : it 's 7th . 
  germany is 5th , eu as a whole is 1st . 
  that 's according to international monetary fund and world bank ( two independent rankings ) . 
  that will drastically change if uk decides to leave eu . 
  even having a referendum on that is already decreasing interest of foreign investors in uk . 
  uk is attractive because of eu , not the other way around . 
  both supplement each other - the more uk is involved in european union the more it 's economy will be . 
  according to wikipedia : you are 4th largest contributor . 
  7th when you consider contribution per capita . 
  at the same time uk is 3rd largest country ( in population ) with 2nd highest gdp . 
  sounds like british contribution in deed is n't large . 
   it 's just a matter of political prioritizations that place the interest of the people above the interests of small groups of capitalists . 
  but ** that is magic ** . 
  very , very few countries in europe ( heck : in the freakin world ! ), 
  can do that . 
  ( oh , and before someone jumps on oil : tell me which country got as reasonable economic policy to exploiting their natural resources as norway ? 
  i do n't know any . 
  resource on itself is meaningless if there 's noone with long term thinking to manage profits from it . ), 
  it 's estimated that around 25 % of labor in spain is hired on a black market . 
  ( still does n't change the fact that there 's a high unemployment rate there - just not as high as official statistics show ), 
  sounds like * steve jobs act * ( you do n't translate names and surnames , so jobs act definitely got something to deal with steve  ) . 
  it does n't have anything to deal with kaczynski or tusk . 
  people got work before kaczynski got into power ( 2004 is when unemplyment starts going down , 2 years before elections ) and shit hit the fan soon after tusk tookover due to world-wide economical crisis . 
  that 's the major mistakes poles make in their national debate : totally forget about world-wide context ( no wonder anyway - news do n't say about anything outside of polish border unless there 's a war or someone is embargoing polish food exports - lol ), 
  might not be as good idea as you think . 
  part of the reasons why crimeans are so unhappy is because of new government 's pro-eu attitude . 
  bringing up eu pms will make it even harder for them to swallow . 
  let 's see first how the meeting between us , eu and russia will go . 
  if nothing changes - most likely some harsher action will occur - now even turkey seems to get involved ( they do n't want to see crimea back in russian hands just as much as kiev does n't ) so the situation is changing with each hour . 
  cluster bombs . 
  russian got a few of these . 
   is n't germany doing just that with wind turbines and solar power ? 
  germany is a leader in ecology . 
  poland is pushing for energetic independence - or rather : diversity . 
  two different , but complimentary , topics . 
   although that still leaves eastern europe dependant on russian natural resources . 
  not only eastern europe . 
  gas is used pretty much everywhere in heavy industry . 
  germany is one of the largest consumers in europe ( heck : they got their own direct pipeline to russia called nord stream ) . 
   when/how did poland warn the west about russia ? 
  genuine question , i 'm curious . 
  and since when would you like to know ? 
  it 's really , really complex , cause all depends on what level you 'd like to see it . 
  one of most recent events on a plane of economy was poland pushing for european energy policy and making eu more independent of russian gas and natural resources ( ie . 
  next to uk poland is most active in trying to get the shale gas extraction ) . 
  on more military-related topics : georgia and ( failed ) anti-missile shield come first into my mind . 
   is n't germany a `` russian expert '' , especially compared to other western nations like the uk and france ? 
  comparing to uk and france - most certainly they are . 
   though poland stayed in russian sphere of influence longer then germany and ... well : basically left half of germany never tasted communist vodka , 
  i was looking more from a perspective of someone who lives in uk , 
  there wo n't be a civil war . 
  if anything : war between ukraine and russia . 
  civil war might have happened year ago - but not now . 
  now ukraine is way too united . 
  and do n't get me wrong : most of poles , myself included , would like nato to defend ukraine . 
   if nato ca n't enforce the status quo , what use is nato ? 
  primary purpose of nato is to defend it 's own borders . 
  well , it does n't have that freedom either - there are various international treaties limiting that . 
  whatever eu is there or not . 
  uk really needs to learn that alone it 's next to meaningless in the world - with eu however it 's suddenly a part of the second most influential entity in the world . 
  whatever they 'll do - russian government will decline any involvement . 
  ( just imagine this sudden report of a raid on russian warehouse reporting few apcs , uniforms and weapons stolen ) . 
  fyi : that 's exactly what they do now - telling everyone that it 's just crimean militia . 
  do n't know why , but i find it really funny . 
   according to sociological research , around 20 percent of poles hold nationalist views . 
  define `` nationalist views '' . 
  i honestly doubt even 10 % sympathises with right wing nationalists in any way . 
   it ( pis ) is mildly nationalist and is against the introduction of the euro , but does not openly oppose the eu and can not be called xenophobic they are actively xenophobic supporting harsh anti-immigrant as well of anti-homosexual laws ( or at least : preventing them from gaining any recognition ) . 
  the same applies to the respect for other religions which is guaranteed by polish constitution maki  the small remaining right-wing electorate is targeted by other marginal parties , of which the national movement is just one .
