  wow ... jan mayen is at least somewhat attractive , this looks like a frozen hellhole . 
  erm ... but ... cumberland is below-average . 
  sorry , but germans sausages win , easily . 
  cause you can tell that someone is a muslim from the name or how his face looks like . 
  lol its the kind of fucked-up logic that lead to things like trump saying that he will ban muslims from entering us . 
  yep , this new polish government was specifically [ opposed ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2015/12/14/hungary-poland-oppose-eu-border-force-plan ) of european border force . 
  cause why help in solving the problem when you gan use it to distract public opinion from domestic matters ... like for example constitutional crisis they created . 
  one issue worth mentioning : for state to join the union every member needs to approve it . 
  so in theory - spain could indefinitely block catalonia from joining . 
  british citizen willing to give uk everything it asks for . 
  yes , it 's not a standard diplomatic protocol , not just due to the level but also what was said ( which was further down the post ) . 
   declaration of war , the sun 's still trolling , i see ? 
  [ the boy who cried wolf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_boy_who_cried_wolf ), 
  usually it 's done on a much lower level , often not even minister himself , but rather between diplomats or ambassadors , and it 's not being put in public using words like `` explain these acts '' , instead asking for details surrounding the events and means of helping the victims and their families , it 's more about making sure your citizens are taken care of and the other government did n't neglect it 's duties than this accusatory tone that came from the prime minister . 
  if heads of government get directly involved it 's usually to pass condolences and alike . 
  actually : false . 
  it 's not a standard diplomatic protocol for the head of a government to ask for explanation of terrorist attacks . 
  according to our prime minister and minister of foreign affairs - that 's precisely what it is . 
  outcome being obvious - the worst state of foreign relations in last 20 years or so . 
  it 's not about what users want to see , it 's about whether users want to be tracked by 3rd party or not . 
  for you it 's `` simply block the ga cookie '' but for vast majority of users it 's not . 
  the current regulation is much of that click through , the point of fixing it is to give people an actual choice , which they do n't have right now . 
  current system is basically just an annoying information . 
  not a choice . 
  well , that would make it better than it is in poland , cause here default assumption is always that you are in , and getting out of it tends to be problematic , especially in cases where only one or two kids opt out , religion is not the first or last lesson of a day and there 's nothing to do with kids . 
  junk in junk out, 
  you do . 
  either you use 3rd party service or not . 
  to give you a real use case scenario : having google analytics is not necessary for your website to run . 
  until user agrees to accept cookies - you should n't run ga code . 
  do you have to opt-out or is it truly optional ? 
  also catechists teaching religion at schools is a thing common only in a big cities . 
  everywhere else it 's pretty standard to have a local priest . 
  and :  not true . 
  this was an independent group not affiliated with pis in anyway . 
  if anything they placed pis in a difficult position . 
  is also not true . 
  comparing to the polish church ? 
  they are progressives . 
  you as in netherlands ? 
  sorry , i do n't know the history behind this legislature in your country . 
  it seems that you had some of the most forward-thinking politicians in europe . 
  hopefully one day everyone else will enjoy the protections you have . 
  but for now - it 's a step in a right direction . 
  it 's more about national governments than eu as such . 
  almost every country in the eu got high stakes in vw - not through stocks , but through employment . 
  noone wants to see them harmed . 
  to give you an example - in czech republic they hold roughly half of the entire industry . 
  fast lanes already exist . 
  there 's nothing forbidding them * , and there 's nothing forbidding isps from slowing other services to crawl . 
  in fact the new eu regulation that the `` save the internet '' opposes will force isps to guarantee minimum internet speed , which will prevent isps from `` slowing everything else to a crawl '' . 
  ^ ( * there 's one notable exception - netherlands . 
  they got more restrictive laws than the rest of the eu , but for everyone else - it 's a significant win ), 
  it was mostly fearmongering campaign with no basis in reality . 
  internet is in no threat and wo n't need `` saving '' regardless if early proposals would pass unchanged or not , i suppose they finally realized the reality and gave up the whole affair . 
  as for the bill - it was n't put to vote yet , we 're far from it . 
  the whole movement was running during the public consultations stage . 
  it 's [ one of those cases ] ( https://curryja.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/slide13.png ) . 
  not to mention that this whole thread is just repeating arguments for and against direct democracy . 
  noone 's imposing it , ttip needs to be approved by every member state - everyone get a veto right . 
  gas could n't wait any more , brexited on its own . 
  hahaha , that 's the most nit-picking collection of `` quotes '' ( some of these are likely not quotes at all ) to conform with certain bias i have ever seen on wikiquote . 
  the very same cia which was found out [ utterly fail in retrieving information through torture ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/dec/09/senate-committee-cia-torture-does-not-work ) ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you are just providing arguments against yourself . 
   eu has one advantage : one day it 's going to collapse . 
  quote from pis mp paw\u0142owicz , or :  eu is a bureaucratic , parasitic and anti-national creature , managed by people hostile to christianity , abortionists and sodomites quote from pis mp pi\u0119ta . 
  as i said - they are a conflicted mix of people and moods . 
  i ca n't imagine cameron proposing eu reform that would make union less democratic , yet that 's exactly what kaczynski did . 
  they are this conflicted mix of people and moods , on one day they want to be an important partner pushing eu forward , on the next day they propose changes that would cause the collapse of the entire union , clearly working against both : our relations with rest of the eu and polish interests on a global scene . 
   it is not being questioned . 
  you should start reading some right-wing media , especially these with connections to pis and radio maria . 
  it certainly is being questioned . 
  it 's not being done out loud in a main-stream politics , but it still is . 
  their victory in the elections got nothing to deal with the eu matters . 
  it was about pulling the previous party away from power , and pis was the best chance to achieve that . 
  so they are in poland . 
  do n't be surprised if you 'd be threatened or even beaten . 
  spaniards i know of living in poland got rather ... unpleasant experiences ( i do n't even dare to discuss it on reddit , cause there 's a strong circlejerk on how poles are totally-not-racists and never did anything wrong to the people with darker shade of skin ), 
  oh , you 're one of these guys . 
  fyi : real life is not a cinema , torture is n't anywhere near being an effective method of obtaining valuable information . 
  crucify ? 
  you 're so 1st century . 
  burn them . 
  [ us took part in armed conflict 222 out of last 239 years ] ( http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2015/02/america-war-93-time-222-239-years-since-1776.html ) . 
  yes , they were on vastly varying scale , some were more of a skirmishes or occupations than anything like a large scale wars in last century , but still . 
  yes , i worded my post badly , i know that historically there 's been wars in europe as long as this continent was inhabited , and usa is only two centuries old , so it 's difficult for them to hold record in number of wars fought or won , but saying that they were switzerland is laughable at best . 
  period before ww2 was a short anomaly , nothing more . 
  and during your lifetime every large war you 've heard about seen us either as a direct aggressor or at least one of primary parties involved . 
  usa is * the * superpower with extremely long history of wars , wars results of which now affect europe directly . 
  whether americans want it or not - europeans are bound to have an opinions on us politics , regardless if informed or not ( btw : people have just as uninformed opinions on eu politics or in many , if not most cases : even national ) . 
  united in hate . 
  am i really the only one who does n't find it surprising ? 
  uhhh ... that hurt man ... right to the point ... 
  journalists keep on asking him about it , so he keeps on answering the same questions over and over again . 
  if you think this is boring and annoying - consider that it 's hardly the first case when he got asked the same question for the hundredth time . 
  he 's a politician , part of the job is answering questions , no matter how often they get asked or how many times he gave the same answer . 
  it does n't . 
  not until turkey fulfils the requirements , which include being a proper democracy with respect to its own citizens . 
  us vs them tribalism . 
  almost all european countries are ruled by centre-left and centre-right .
