  i would n't say `` a lot '' . 
  more like : `` minor unresolved issue that pops from time to time '' . 
  it 's kept alive mostly by lithuanian media , when something bigger pops - it also gets copied as a 3rd page news in some of the polish media . 
  overall it 's really not a subject of any discussions in poland , but seems like a lot of lithuanians really get annoyed by various different stuff that 's happening from time to time . 
  that 's cause they left for germany . 
  or uk . 
  used to ? 
  terrible submarine easily qualifies too , 
   and they even have a polish party they mostly vote for called llra their leader valdemaras toma\u0161evskis is really pro kremlin . 
  from what i read about them - these guys are idiots without even realizing what they are doing . 
  in some cases ( especially after crimea ) they were working directly against polish national interests essentially : supporting russia with their efforts . 
  some national security experts in poland advised to kick that leader the hell out and either find someone competent in lithuania or if that would n't be possible : send someone from poland to lead the party in order to establish more friendly relation with lithuanian government and stop pro-russian sentiments that exist in llra . 
  i do n't know much of a details , but apparently some of the stuff that llra is/was doing is frowned upon in poland and remains an unsolved problem for both sides . 
  that said though : lithuanian government is n't without a fault and objectively speaking there are still some issues with minorities in your country that somehow in other countries are n't an issues at all . 
  too much europa universalis , i see . 
  yea , and then people die cause someone forgot to use metric . 
  even uk is switching to the proper system . 
  you 'll get around ... sooner or later ... 
  natural selection , 
  poland is 96 % polish ( which is quite unusual monoculture comparing to most of the eu countries ) remaining 4 % are split mostly between germans ( longer gap ) belarusians and ukrainians ( longer gap ) , everyone else . 
  i could also point out [ upper silesians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silesians ) as a largest ethnic minority in poland , but as far as everyday life goes - they are no less polish than anyone in that 96 % majority ( despite of what largest opposition party leader tried to imply by saying that they are `` hidden german option '' whatever the fuck that means ) . 
  show off, 
  similar here ( poland ) , only little bit simpler : `` ma\u0142pa '' ( monkey - no mention of a tail ) , `` at '' is also in use , but quite rarely and mostly in corporate environment . 
  tactical nuclear strikes are not used against population centers . 
  i never said anything you imply . 
  if it 's anything like in poland - eu is actually being a helpful factor here , minimizing the amount of * mumbo jumbo * national politicians are doing . 
  random fun fact : these shots with hammers on a desert were done [ in poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/b%c5%82%c4%99d%c3%b3w_desert ) . 
   its not easy to declare if its better or isnt compared to life in 2001-2 is it not ? 
  i been in slovakia back in a day and i been there 2 years ago - it feels like a whole different country . 
  i would need to ask the guy who did the maths while ago about assumptions he made , and that wo n't be possible any time soon , i do n't even know if he still remembers that , so i ca n't tell you more about the details . 
  i presume he had some highly modified variant of atv in mind ? 
  well , does n't really matter . 
  i would say that when it comes to space stations : usa = russia  europe  china . 
  russia have most experience in building space stations of all , they are more crude , but they work very well . 
  russia to this day build ( or took part in building ) 11 space stations - by far more than any nation on earth . 
  usa i would say has roughly a draw , they are ahead , but mostly due to financial reasons , yet still they have a different weak points than russians do , just like they have a different strong points when it comes to space stations ( just to illustrate : it seems that in 15 years it will be nasa that does n't have a space station , not fka ) . 
  before fall of the ussr russia was miles and miles ahead of us , but now nasa closed the gap and gained a lot of experience from space shuttle , mir and construction of the iss . 
  then you have europe which build things like spacelab back in '80s on its own , and kept on expanding its experience in developing pressurized modules for the space stations - some of the nicest things on iss were developed in europe : columbus , harmony , tranquility , even cupola was build in europe , so was european robotic arm that is about to be sent to iss with russian * nauka * module - it will be more advanced robotic arm than any ever sent into space . 
  also in terms of human experience in space and the amount of science done esa is the 3rd force after russia and us with a very long gap until you get to any other nation . 
  china would be the last one - their space programme is build from ground-up on a back of russian programme , right now they are roughly on a level of salyut , but they progress towards modern mir . 
  they are still a developing nation , having a long way to go , even in a terms of man-hours-in-space . 
  so far they had only two manned missions to their space station , but they do learn quickly and take a lot of lessons from published scientific papers on the related subjects , so with enough financial support - i can see them getting ahead of europe in some point in future . 
  oh , yes it would . 
  actually - germany is the most active country in esa when it comes to `` let 's have something on our own '' in a topic of manned space exploration ( back in * hermes * days france was leading the way there , but not any more ) . 
  i do n't know if you are aware , but germany was leading the * columbus * free flayer - a project of creating a small european space station . 
  it eventually was turned into the * columbus * module of the iss . 
  and right now germany is the one member funding studies of the dc4eu - dream chaser for european utilization - which could give europe more independent access to the iss and an alternative way of conducting science in space . 
  however problem we have with having something on our own is mostly down to finances . 
  we do have technology , we do have scientists interested in it , and we do have a destination ( and we will have only more of them ) , but it always goes down to funding the project . 
  germany can not afford it on its own , and imho : it should n't have to . 
  and none of the other big partners show enough interest to go in that direction . 
  everyone could provide some funding , but noone wants to make any large commitment that such project would require . 
  the fact that pretty much since 2007 there 's constantly this or the other crisis going on certainly does n't help with getting the funding required for any of these projects . 
  and sadly : way of out all the crises we have does n't seem to be anywhere on a horizon . 
  cooperating with other states as this substantial benefit that we still get some science done , while at the same time expenses are at a very least an order of magnitude lower than they 'd be if we 'd try to do it on our own . 
  for us , here in europe , current agreements with nasa and fka play out quite well , and money saved on manned exploration can go to some other interesting projects , such as these realized with the cosmic vision programme . 
  there was [ csts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/csts ) and an alternative manned variant of atv proposed by eads . 
  some early studies were done , but none of these programmes ever went any further , mostly due to funding issues , but also mixed support for manned exploration within esa . 
  elliptical orbit from ariane 5 + finishing off with a hohmann transfer using atv fuel . 
  your question is a perfect example of a conspiracy theory on its own . 
   eu is making everything intentionally worse . 
  that 's pretty much an eu-wide one . 
   that may be true for local representatives but it wo n't be true for party leaders , presidents and other high ranking politicians . 
  with whom you have a limited contact even on a national level and regular means of translation would do the job well enough . 
   it 's different having a speech translated from hearing it first hand . 
  you loose nuance . 
  understandable issue . 
  but far less important if you have a democratic parties ( which is a model most of the eu groups adopted ) instead of a more despotic model with one strong leader dictating moves of the party ( which tends to be much more common in local or national level ) . 
  still though - i do n't think it 's any real obstacle in having people take a full participation in the eu politics . 
  it might make it appear more distanced - which is an important pr problem - but hardly anything blocking people from participation . 
   local political debates will also happen in local languages which will make it more difficult for such debate to spread `` nation wide '' . 
  local political debates rarely if ever spread nation-wide anyway , so it 's not a problem imho  for an effective debate to take place people need to be able to speak without the use of a translator and in a langue that they master well . 
  that 's not true and a very existence of eu parliament is the best proof of that . 
  i do n't get why people think language is such a big problem . 
  eu has been handling it very well , and when you vote for your representative - he will be from your own region anyway - be it if you vote for national or eu elections . 
  the only thing that preclude people from full participation in the eu politics is absolute lack of interest in media . 
  while media talk on and on about every fart any national politician ever made in public - they tend not to discuss even most important subjects on the eu level unless they escalate into economic crisis or some passionate people go and make a public protest in brussels or on a streets of the capital city . 
  i never seen language as something that would be a problem in full participation in the eu politics . 
  texts get translated , eu websites are available in multitude of languages ( open the main [ eu website ] ( http://europa.eu/ ) - what you see ? 
  the very first thing is an option to choose your language version ) , media when making any coverage about eu always provide dubbing for speeches , heck : poland had several meps that could n't speak any foreign language what so ever , and you ca n't get any more `` full participation '' than that . 
   not to mention that the martian soil lacks any nutrients for plants . 
  i mentioned it in the very post you replayed to previously . 
  orion service module is not a huge expense for an esa budget , so there wo n't be any '' * huge funds * '' ; its unknown if any of the esa astronauts will be allowed to take part in a first mission to mars , and currently manned mars mission is n't really a `` thing '' in esa to begin with . 
  and from us perspective - it 's even unknown if orion will be sent to mars in a first place ( there 's some speculation that nasa might hook up to spacex mars flight if for whatever reason political support for the sls would decline ) . 
  i hope sls will succeed and we 'll see nasa mission to the mars with ( which is very unlikely ) at least one esa astronaut , but far more realistic perspective for esa astronauts is taking part in one of proposed lunar or near earth asteroid missions , what would also be relatively cheap ( probably all we have to do would be to provide additional service modules for nasa ) . 
   they once thought about it but finally , no they wo n't , cause they ca n't . 
  it 's impossible to dismantle the iss ; technically , each part of it depends of the others . 
  i do n't know where you got that information from but they will , there 's nothing `` impossible '' in dismantling iss . 
  us parts of the station will be scuttled ( exact fate is n't known just yet ) along with few russian parts ( eg . 
  remaining russian sections of the station will stay on orbit and have additional components sent to ensure all required subsystems are in place . 
  it wo n't be a station made only from existing russian iss segments . 
  at a very least opsek will require a new set of solar panels . 
  solar wings will be nearing the end of their lifetime in early 2020s , even if nasa would agree to trade them to russians - they would n't be much of a use there in a long term . 
  there 's no linking between parts that makes dismantling iss impossible . 
  existing us components can be replaced with a new russian parts just fine where needed - but in most of the cases - russian segments are independent . 
  in fact : some of them are independent to the point where you can detach them completely and they can be used as a small , single-module space station on their own . 
  it 's us modules that are very intertwined with each other , not russian . 
  [ edit ] i see i 'm getting down-voted ... so i did a little bit of googling for something that could back up my statements and [ here is a comment from clayton anderson , nasa astronaut that spent 152 days on iss ] ( https://www.quora.com/international-space-station/how-dependent-is-the-us-segment-on-the-russian-segment-given-that-the-us-segment-has-the-solar-panels ) about the level of dependence between russian and us modules . 
   and the huge funds it needs will be reassigned to new programs . 
  like men on mars , probably .
