  how old eu is got very little to deal with this aspect . 
  mass usage of the internet is younger than the eu itself and the real boom of large corporations focusing on this aspect of life ( and when organizations like riaa stepped it ) begun just several years ago . 
  mind visiting russia ? 
  it 'd be better if they 'd focus on their own stuff instead of sticking their noses into ukraine . 
  oh ... they do . 
  now that 's an original formatting of the hyperlinks . 
  thanks !, 
  usage of bold in the first part of this article is mostly random . 
  i do n't know if i understand what you 're saying correctly , but [ these people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_members_of_the_european_parliament_for_the_united_kingdom,_2009%e2%80%9314 ) along with [ those people ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commission_2010-2014/members/index_en.htm ) ( yep , you see it right , uk got vice-president ) hold quite a lot of power in eu , and you voted for the first group , while uk representation in eu commission was delegated there by the government you elected . 
  additional news on a topic : * https://twitter.com/euromaidanpr/status/459248627689738240 * https://twitter.com/euromaidanpr/status/459224722799337472, 
   why do ukip hate elephants ? 
  is it because they are foreign animals competing for british mammals jobs ? 
  i laughed :d, 
   so when eu bureaucrats decide that we can not hunt wolves as far as i could find it online - there 's around 200 wolves in an entire finland and there were no cases of wolves killing anyone in an entire 21st century . 
  that 's roughly half of wolves population in poland and we did n't have any incidents with them either ( other than killing live stock ( notably : sheeps ) - but government pays back for any lost animals to the wolves ) . 
  also : there are other ways to resolve the problem if we 'd even agree that there is one ( imho : there is n't ) - you can catch them and sell to other countries that try to reinstate their wolves population that was killed down to extinction . 
   i am sure that we 'd work better as a union and even as a federal state than with the eu . 
  i 'm sure that you 'd feel much better about eu if you 'd familiarize yourself with facts instead of superstitions . 
  have a read through this : http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ none of what you said is truth . 
  typical anti-eu facts-twisting to make eu look like some evil monster , lol . 
   we 're not like the continent dependent on russian gas said guy from finland , country that imports 100 % of it 's gas from russia . 
  please , get your facts straight before posting bs . 
  this money does n't go for arms spending . 
  we already had like 5 links to the news about it , 
   so how is the supposed world power fairing when dealing with ukraine ? 
  which one you 're talking about ? 
  us or eu ? 
  cause both failed to equal measure . 
  actually : eu did little bit better ( was first to deploy armed forces in a region , was first to impose some real sanctions , was first to cancel some of it 's military contracts , gave much larger financial support ( over 10 times larger than us to give you the scale ) , etc. 
  yea , cause us protects even these that do n't want to be protected by them . 
   across the whole eu as one superpower it does n't look very good . 
  any numbers to prove it ? 
   comparing with the us and uk we are far behind uk is part of eu . 
  so comparing eu to uk as if it 'd be something separate like us is rather weird . 
  romania and bulgaria are very very close comparing to india and especially : new zealand . 
  so it 's natural that they 'll be more inclined to come in . 
  and besides - i ca n't see how britain turned it 's back on people from india . 
  as far as i see there 's several times more of them than both : bulgarians and romanians combined . 
   a referendum and an opportunity for us to get back control of our country will be one massive , massive step closer . 
  so british people are not in control of united kingdom ? 
  now that 's a news . 
   ukip stands for the worst in human beings : our prejudice , selfishness , and fear . 
  sounds like a great way to quickly make career . 
  long live populism . 
  situation in georgia was very complex , and i 'm hardly an expert to talk about it . 
  but the reason why they managed to capture objectives so quickly was that ... russia already had nearly 3000 soldiers deployed in both : abkhazia and south ossetia even before war begun . 
  then gathering troops begun at least 4 months before any shots were fired and georgia had no troops deployed in these regions ready to defend country borders . 
  russians knew both regions from ground up and had every possible advantage to conduct operation in a possibly smooth way . 
  us could only dream of having such an upper hand during it 's invasion of iraq . 
  also : 3 days ? 
  was n't it little bit longer ? 
  just to remind you : special forces trained in counterterrorism operations were these used in crimea . 
  not a regular troops . 
  and article we discuss here complains a lot about them . 
  also joined military exercises include regular troops too , not just spetsnaz or other units trained in counter-terrorism ops . 
  one random , quite famous example : [ russian submarine took part in nato exercise back in 2011 ] ( http://www.defencetalk.com/russian-submarine-to-join-nato-exercise-34581/ ) , 3 years after russo-georgian war . 
  [ here you can read more about russia-nato military cooperation ] ( https://russiamil.wordpress.com/2011/11/03/russia-nato-military-cooperation-part-1-training-and-operations/ ) . 
  super-quick search on wikipedia [ gave me this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato%e2%80%93russia_relations#nato.e2.80.93russia_council ) . 
   `` joint decisions and actions '' , taken under nato-russia council agreements , include fighting terrorism , military cooperation ( joint military exercises and ** personnel training ** ) there should be more info on a [ nato-russia council website ] ( http://www.nato-russia-council.info ) . 
  sadly i do n't have much time to search for more specific websites or links . 
  feel free to use google at any time , 
   five nato mine-hunting ships set off tuesday on a deployment in the baltic sea https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3ifjpgjiug, 
   rheinmetall defended the project even after the invasion of crimea , up until the german government finally shut it down late last month . 
  germans at least had balls to do that . 
  france is still selling it 's [ mistral-class ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mistral-class_amphibious_assault_ship ) to russians . 
  how about you focus on an existing problem instead of complaining through an entire article about cancelled rheinmetall contract ? 
   u.s. officials , now looking back , are privately expressing anger and frustration about the german work with the russian military if not germans - they 'd find someone else or do stuff on their own . 
  just to remind everyone : not so long ago political leaders considered russia to be rather friendly nation , this also includes us that cancelled it 's anti-missile shield program in central europe because russia asked them to do so . 
  somehow i do n't see german critics calling for construction of ams in europe . 
  double standards ? 
   the u.s. officials believe that some of the german training over the last few years was given to the gru spetsnaz i doubt it made much of a difference . 
  spetsnaz was one of the best special forces in the world long before contract was signed . 
   the german ... government 's approval of the contract to construct a training center also appears to be in line with long-standing german policy to promote military training and joint exercises with partner countries similar programs exist ( or existed till recent events ) in several nato countries including us , uk , and mentioned france . 
   andranik migranyan , a past member of russia 's presidential council and currently an adviser to the vladimir putin administration , told reporters that ever since the georgia war , russia has been spending to radically upgrade its military , but that the west has only itself to blame for not following along . 
  georgian war proved that russian army is a joke - they met next to no resistance yet still struggled very much to have everything done . 
  some experts say that if georgians would blow up a tunnel connecting georgia with russia their whole operation would collapse in a day . 
  that 's why russia had to radically upgrade it 's army . 
  their starting point was next to zero . 
  cold-war era equipment , cold-war era commanders , cold-war era mindset , only efficiency was n't up to cold-war standards . 
  nato already had a modern army with more experienced commanders , professional armies , and enormous budget comparing to russia ( all of it is mostly thanks to us , sure , but it 's still nato ) . 
  and we 're constantly upgrading ( this article seems to imply that nato sits in place while russia evolves - bs ) . 
  ukip does n't stand a chance . 
  yep . 
  nowhere near as bad as it is now with people dying every single day , thousands forced to live outside of their own country , and radical islamic terrorists running around the country with rpgs cutting the heads of people they consider to be enemies ( be it other rebels , assad forces , civilians or journalists ) . 
  if someone would make a competition for the most dumb name of a village - this one would certainly take the top spot . 
  it sounds like it could be german . 
  this should clean doubt people had around here , 
  you are very optimistic  radicals existed in syria long before 2011 and imho they would still have a chance of getting into power even after your `` tomahawk '' scenario . 
  yep . 
  seems like we agree on all accounts . 
  and for years before the rebellion - it was n't one of the greatest shitholes in the world . 
  do n't get me wrong - assad is definitely one of these evil regimes that still exist , but he still is better than vast majority of syrian rebels . 
  cyprus is in a vast majority inhabited by europeans and europeans have been on cyprus since the first settlement there . 
  so yes - in a terms o geology it is asia , but from a practical point of view : it is europe . 
  yes , certainly both canada and us over the centuries developed their own culture that ca n't be qualified as an european one anymore . 
  bad idea . 
  israel is not europe . 
  eu should stay european . 
  if someone would want to create a new , transcontinental union - go for it . 
  but leave eu for europe .
