   that right should belong to the people . 
  i 'm not interested in wishful thinking , just the factual state of things , which is that they are not . 
   because france is a presidental republic . 
  yes . 
  precisely why european council covers both : heads of state and a heads of the governments . 
  both are democratically elected , which is precisely the point i was making . 
   becaus you are a drunk localpatriot pole ad hominem . 
   everething must be in line with our contitution or we cant pass it . 
  you constitution does n't regulate things you are talking about . 
  it does n't even mention them . 
  what is not against it - is fine . 
  all the things we 've been talking about did pass and slovenia is a signatory of the eu treaties . 
  i do n't know the history behind signing of the treaties in slovenia , but there 's been some controversies regarding lisbon treaty and whether it 's in line with polish constitution - case was checked by the constitutional tribunal and was found to be baseless . 
  so pardon me , but i trust constitutional tribunal by far more than scaremongering on the internet . 
   no its undemocratic . 
  you 're free to think so , but imho it 's not much different than many things european democracies do and noone is outraged about . 
  and as in the end commissioners still need to be approved on case-by-case basis by the democratically elected european parliament - i 'm fine with it . 
  you messed up quotes . 
  i never said that part about the queen . 
   not apointed by some x body . 
  yes , they are . 
  that body is a government . 
   the head of state of the united kingdom is the queen , is she in the council ? 
  the head of state of slovenia is the president , is he in the council ? 
  you yourself disprove your idiotic statement : fine . 
  not as much disprove as being imprecise . 
  it 's `` head of state or government '' as in the quote , so for both uk and slovenia it 's a head of government - prime minister . 
  to give you a prominent example where it 's a head of state : france . 
   fristly nato is a terrorist organisation lol . 
  why am i even talking with you ? 
   secondly , there is a little thing called the constitution . 
  eu has no constitution . 
  there was an attempt of creating it , but france and denmark rejected it , so the whole project was scrapped . 
  constitution of slovenia does n't regulate workings of the eu . 
   and you cant use representatives of representatives to name third order representatives , its undemocratic . 
  yes , you can , and in fact : you do , on numerous occasions . 
  to give you an obvious examples on national level : vice-ministers and ambassadors are a third order representatives . 
   who elects the eu comission ? 
  who elects ministers ? 
  noone , at least not in my country , they are picked by the government . 
  and much like in the eu commission - do n't have to be mps . 
   and also its not the head of state thats in the council lack of education is terrifying sometimes ... that 's exactly what it is - [ source ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/european-council/ ) . 
   the members of the european council are the heads of state or government as for the last matter :  when people vote for a goverment they are not asked what person would you like to represent you in the council . 
  they are not directly asked about many things . 
  be it whether they 'd want them to represent them in the commission , nato summits , plus whatever other specific powers he or she has in your country . 
  it all comes in a package . 
  huh ? 
  you have a non-elected head of state ? 
  cause fyi that 's what european council is made of . 
  electing head of state in the eu you elect also a member of the council . 
  commision meanwhile is elected in the same way ministers are in most of the european democracies - by the elected officials + additionally they are voted on by the elected parliament ( something that does n't happen in many of the eu democracies , eg . 
  in poland parliament does n't vote over ministers , just gives a vote of confidence for the entire government , something that 's more of a rubber stamp than eu parliament voting over commissioners ) . 
  the thing is though - poorer countries in the eu tends to be poorer that the poorest regions of the rich countries . 
  money divided on region-by-region basis is pretty much matching the money divided on country-by-country basis . 
  thankfully a large part of eu funds already takes regional development into account and imho that 's the way to go , but even if everything would be done on country-by-country basis - it would n't be tragic . 
  noone would tell them to get rid of the nukes , even if eu were to federalize and eu army would be the only one eu would have - nukes would still remain in france under control of french soldiers and commanders . 
  there is no point intentionally moving all the nukes out of france . 
  if so then it brings a few questions : * what was the eu position , if there was any at all , because i find it extremely unlikely to be what mfa says . 
  * who actually voted for it , because countries in question are hardly enough to vote it through * why noone vetoed ? 
  uk , us ? 
  seriously ? 
  * what actually was this resolution about ? 
  cause i 've seen media twisting this stuff to extreme , and the fact that it 's not published on the un website makes it even more suspicious . 
  he is being sarcastic . 
  that 's the reference to the fact that everything gets blamed on eu , no matter how absurd and anti-eu values it is . 
  in uk regions that benefit most from eu are also hard pro-brexit voters ... you expect people to do reasonable comparison of pros-and-cons and draw logical conclusions - that happens way too rarely . 
  never underestimate the weight of emotions . 
  especially over-the-top hdr . 
  at least post-war warsaw is n't all glowing like a neon in the fog . 
  no , it 's not . 
  [ europe population density ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/population_density_europe.png ), 
  open the link ? 
  northern italy can into poland ? 
  what are you referring to , specifically ? 
  it 's like arguing if africa is more european or asian . 
  it 's neither , even if it was controlled by europe for quite a while in a recent history . 
  yes , eu has its own initiatives in foreign relations and aid . 
  erasmus is an eu programme , not limited to the eu , but still an eu programme . 
  showing your voting ballot / taking a picture of it . 
  nice to see some informed post instead of usual `` nothing wrong will happen '' vs `` universe will collapse '' . 
  look at the damage right wingers did to europe during ww2 ... one might have hoped people would learn by now ... centrism is a winning option . 
  uk is not in schengen . 
  but it 's hardly relevant - erasums exists thanks to the eu , that 's what he is thanking for . 
  still not enough , and still plenty of resistance from various countries to extend their ability to enforce law ( including poland - do n't want to take immigrants & actively fighting against one of the means to help countries that do take them , got ta love my government ), 
  history lessons in poland rarely go into post-ww2 history . 
  these days out of 3 years in * [ liceum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liceum_og%c3%b3lnokszta%c5%82c%c4%85ce ) * there 's maybe 2-4 lessons about the events from after solidarity movement and regaining independence . 
  wos ( * wiedza o spo\u0142ecze\u0144stwie * - basically the civic studies ) is more relevant to this subject as far as modern polish education system goes , and that 's where kids learn about the eu , nato , un , and alike . 
  sadly there 's so few teachers that have any ambition to properly teach this subject that it 's tragic . 
  afaik kids basically think of this subject as an hour off . 
  better than in the uk, 
  it 's an optional package of 5 * lessons * , each 3-4 hours long ( so it 'd have to be done over multiple school lessons , they are more like 5 subjects ) . 
  4 of them are made for civic studies and 1 for geography . 
  lessons are as follows : * * debata w klasie na temat udzia\u0142u wojska polskiego w misji nato w afganistanie * - the debate in the classroom on the participation of polish troops in the nato mission in afghanistan * * symulacja obrad rady gminy dotycz\u0105ca projektu lokalizacji bazy wojskowej nato na terenie gminy * - simulation of the meeting of the municipal council on a proposal for the location of nato military base in the commune * * projekt mapy tematycznej po\u015bwi\u0119conej udzia\u0142owi wojska polskiego w misjach wojskowych nato * - the project of a thematic map dedicated to the participation of the polish army in the nato missions * * przysz\u0142o\u015b\u0107 nato w walce z terroryzmem - dyskusja panelowa * - the future of nato in the fight against terrorism - panel discussion * * cele szczytu pa\u0144stw nato - wystawa plakat\u00f3w * - the goals of the nato summit - an exhibition of posters each of these has a different target group , so no child will see all of them . 
  it is not true that a kid will spend 30 hours covering these lessons . 
  free book was supposed to be distributed in a second half of may . 
  personally i have n't heard of a single case where these lessons would actually happen and i 'm not aware of the book is in a school library . 
  chile . 
  they have a lot of deserts and mountains to spare , 
  all the stronkness !, 
  [ overwhelmingly large telescope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overwhelmingly_large_telescope ) was a thing till it got cancelled because it was too expensive ...
