  nor they should . 
  in syrian conflict it 's that either you support a dictator or you support islamic terrorists . 
  no clue which one is worse . 
  but i 'm sure that whoever wins that conflict - both nato and eu will be unhappy about that . 
  russians at least can consider this a `` win '' if current government prevails cause they do n't care about democracy . 
  actually during last meeting germany and france were the two countries most opposed of any `` harsh '' actions against russia . 
   he restoration of the missile defences that were cancelled by the us on russia 's request . 
  honestly ? 
  i would prefer us just selling eu few of these anti-missile launchers and let eu defend itself . 
  i never understood why there 's so much of a push to have them us operated . 
  there are other , better ways to get us forces in poland if poland wants them - military bases in style of these they got in germany would be just one possible scenario . 
   what do you want , an invasion right away ? 
  embargo would be good start . 
  turkey sending armies to defend crimean tatars ( russia-style ) could be a next move . 
  if these get attacked - nato can step in . 
   nato does n't have the power to sanction anyone signatories of budapest memorandum do . 
   so , yes , eu is unprepared for that , but this unpreparedness shows what is needed to fix to face these challenges down the road . 
  i really hope so . 
  crimean crisis is probably the best thing that could happen to strengthen european integration . 
  us was a special case cause they were pioneers . 
  new implementations will definitely go quicker than the first one . 
   this does n't really prove much in 2014 . 
  people said the same before 2nd world war in their ignorance to the history . 
   one of russia 's largest commercial ports is in novorossiysk , another warm water port on the black sea . 
  none of these bases can be used to handle whole black sea fleet operational for an entire year . 
   it seems like no news outlet wants to discuss the real reasons behind russia 's illegal aggression toward ukraine and crimea in particular really ? 
  in poland it 's quite well known and everything you speak of was mentioned in few interviews in most popular tv stations . 
  more like : tanks around kaliningrad border . 
  suddenly all of the russian armies around european union happen to have `` military exercises '' ? 
  no , it does not . 
  crimea is an integral part of ukraine with it 's own autonomy . 
  since 19th february 1954 ukraine is the only country with legitimate claim on the crimea , a claim that 's additionally guaranteed by budapest memorandum which ensures territorial integrity of ukraine . 
   it should just be used more efficiently then on all the separate armys . 
  exactly . 
  you nailed it . 
  problem is n't in amount of money spent . 
  it 's in their distribution and resource management . 
  we 've got so many incompatible systems across eu that in the end operating as a single `` eu army '' is extremely difficult and inefficient . 
   by having specialized roles for each country , or a fully integrated european army under one joint command structure would benefit the whole of europe . 
  but it is still too early for this . 
  as mentioned - specialization is n't an option . 
  it 's not beneficial anyway . 
  just coordination , management , and common , shared logistics . 
  imagine how much money could be spent on ordering ammunition for all of the eu countries at once instead of each country negotiating contracts on it 's own ? 
  and this applies to many other things . 
  whatever it 's too early for this - i think crimea will change that . 
  fun fact : carriers are useless in war against russia . 
  eu got airports all over the place . 
  poland itself got over 100 airports capable of handling jet fighters , and several selected roads and motorways can be used as provisional airports ( polish airforce got several trainings with landing fighters on a motorways ) . 
  situation on ukraine is worse , but they also got plenty of airports to supply if we 'd decide to assist them . 
  that 's because not all of the eu countries got armies capable of doing anything abroad . 
  how do you expect malta defend for example polish borders from russian invasion ? 
  ( just a random example - no clue about maltan military ), 
  afaik that estimation ( i also seen it somewhere ) includes gas that can be imported from other countries as well as reserves . 
  eu already imports gas from 3rd parties , just not enough to fully cover the demand . 
  it 's much more complex than that . 
  i would say that russia was aggressor , however military action was started by georgia . 
  still though it 's meaningless - it only accelerated conflict that was about to happen sooner rather than later . 
  they hoped to gain some advantage by surprise , though it did n't really work . 
  just to remind you - georgian forces never stepped on russian soil during that conflict . 
  you ca n't really be an aggressor by doing military operations on your own soil . 
  great , but words are cheap , actions are not . 
  so far everyone only talk and talk while after georgia i hoped we already learnt the lesson that talks do n't work on russia . 
  actions need to be taken . 
  either send peace keepers ( say : turkey sends few battalions to protect crimean tatars just like russia did to protect crimean russians ) or embargo them . 
  no clue . 
  never the less - it 's ugly . 
  we used to have a joke here : why terrorists never attacked poland ? 
  cause what they could do ? 
  destroy palace of culture and science ? 
  everyone would thank them . 
  yea , totally useless if you want to conquer a territory . 
  good if you want to conquer a wasteland . 
   have vehicles you forgot to add `` with russian registration plates '' . 
    it seems the goal is simply not to explicitly acknowledge that they are russian . 
  yep . 
  cause that according to international conventions means open war . 
  and `` militia '' taking over all critical infrastructure does not . 
  for those curious : [ his facebook profile ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/andrey-kurkov/46775576134 ) got a lot of information about euromaydan , protests , revolution , and situation on ukraine . 
  much nicer than palace-with-a-way-too-long-tame . 
  that will be me today . 
  russians are bringing people to crimea in buses . 
  few were reported crossing the border . 
  seems like that `` protection of russian people on crimea '' includes also random stragglers brought in by russian army with it 's invasion force . 
  yep , times have changed and with every year russian army becomes more and more outdated while everyone around modernize . 
   just look at what they brought to ukraine - everything remembers cold war . 
  yea , it 's still deadly equipment , but ... times have changed . 
  i agree in pretty much everything . 
  however saying that `` very few contributed '' is missing the truth . 
   belgium has a lot of muslim immigrants and for some reason we have n't manged to integrate them in to society . 
  that 's pretty much like in every single country that got muslim immigrants . 
  they do n't want to integrate . 
  now that 's something new . 
  interesting that somehow polish press never mentioned that - even these most anti-pis media state that radio maria ( lead by rouge catholic priest ) supporters were these filling in the crowd on these marches , no clue that anyone from abroad came in there . 
  well ... 
  i guess weirdos are everywhere ... as for football - hehe , i guess both our countries can compete in `` who sux more '' contest :p let 's see what [ fifa says ... ] ( http://www.fifa.com/worldranking/rankingtable/index.html ) - 1 . 
  spain - 2 . 
  germany - 27 . 
  cape verde islands - 44 . 
  hungary - 70 .
