  no change , though certainly a missed opportunity . 
   in every other eu country , the national rules currently are worse than the new compromise . 
  yep . 
  something people often forget . 
  we were in a free-for-all situation in most of the countries , now at least we 're somewhat protected . 
  it 's not perfect , and it should be improved , but ... but the actions with headlines like '' * we have xyz to save europe 's internet * '' are grossly misleading . 
  i laughed a lot , but technically it 's not a tribute - they are hoping for eea membership , which has a membership fee ( though some brits are still delusional thinking that they 'll get it for free * cause eu needs us more than we need them * ) . 
  i wonder when we get to the point where it 's fully justified to laugh out loud when someone says that * both campaigns were full of lies * ? 
  cause i feel like it 's about now . 
  parliament attempted to fix that shit , but france blocked it . 
  a lot depends on a presidential elections in the us . 
  as it stands now our current government is working in the opposite direction , trying to shift the blame for brexit on tusk , and generally being uncooperative with germany and france on the whole affair , playing mostly passive role . 
  after they were elected they had this huge plan to being the strong ally of uk , but british government was n't interested and the whole affair collapsed due to referendum , with government having no contingency plans ( they impromptu try to push in v4 , but that 's pathetic without any real political power ) . 
  current us administration is also unhappy with the actions of our government , with most notable examples being a [ letter ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/2/19623/m19623802,list-senatorow.pdf ) from us senators , including john mccain , asking to respect the rules of democracy and bill clinton saying that polish government * wants putin-like dictatorship * . 
  pretty much the only way it could end up with a win for polish government is if trump would win - but it 'd be only a win for that government , not for the poland as such . 
  to be fair - back during the days of blair uk * was * a leading country . 
  when poland joined the union we looked up to uk-fr-de triangle for guidance of the union , and allied with one of three when their position was closest to our . 
  brown was mediocore , but cameron was an absolute disaster as far as eu affairs go , and that 's even before brexit was put on a table . 
  in eastern europe though ... it was a nightmare . 
  stealing ( especially gov property ) , spiking ( real ) unemployment , entire industries collapsing , cities turning into sad , rusting shitholes , huge grey market , rampant organized crime , corruption , healthcare system in decay , hours long queues on a border , jezz ... 
  i 'm so glad it 's over . 
  funny that we never hear this when other referendums on the eu matters are repeated , for whatever reason ( and in pretty much every case that happened - there was an actual valid reason behind it other than `` better understanding of the implications '' , eg . 
  modified treaty that was voted on ), 
  execution of 300 dutch civilians ? 
  modern equivalent of molotov-ribbentrop ? 
  wow ... talk about being over the top . 
  i 'm sure at least some politicians would sign up for that . 
  it makes scapegoating so much easier ... 
  but yea , it 's pretty much exactly what one might expect from him . 
   this plan seems contradictory welcome to the world of kaczy\u0144ski . 
  with hungarians and czechs being some of the most pro-russian governments in europe ? 
  yea , right ... great `` core '' . 
  seeing what v4 countries did during last 5 years - i doubt v4 wants to be left with v4 . 
  actually mongol empire was 0.7 mln km ^ 2 smaller than british . 
  but if you 'd want to go by percentage of world population - it was n't even in top 5 , with first persian empire being the winner , holding over 44 % of all humans that lived at the time . 
  as for richest and most powerful - it really depends how you count it , though british is generally considered to be the richest one , though i do n't know how it compares to modern-day us . 
  read the article . 
  or allow two official languages . 
  or make an exception for english . 
  whatever , there are dozens of ways to resolve the issue . 
  she 's just pointing out that it needs to be resolved and people make a circus out of it with misleading headlines like this one . 
  she 's been a good , active mep . 
  she 's just trying to point out that the issue of official languages needs to be resolved , one of many many things that will be a consequence of uk leaving the union , but she is not saying that english * for sure wo n't * be the official language . 
  she even says that rules have been amended several times , so naturally : they 'll have to be amended again . 
  read the article . 
  it explains the issue . 
  title is misleading . 
  or just change the law to allow 2 official languages instead of one . 
  or leave english as an official language regardless of uk 's eu membership . 
  there are many ways out . 
  saying that '' * english will not be an official eu language after brexit * '' is very much misleading at this point . 
  we have no idea how the matter will be resolved after brexit , but removing english from the list of official languages of the union is a least likely scenario . 
  english was the language uk put up as it 's official language to the eu . 
  every country had a choice to pick one , uk picked english , ireland picked gaelic . 
  headline is a bit misleading , but it 's explained further down in the article . 
   we have a regulation ... where every eu country has the right to notify one official language , '' h\u00fcbner said . 
  `` the irish have notified gaelic , and the maltese have notified maltese , so you have only the u.k. notifying english solution : change the regulation . 
  if it 's really that much of a problem . 
  or just leave english as an official language , regardless of brexit . 
   ryanair will not deploy new aircraft on routes to and from the uk . 
  only thing is ... they already deployed new aircraft soon before the referendum ( i flew in a new 737-800 ), 
  they did not say it 's binding . 
  they said it has to be * respected * . 
  oh , how kind of you that you can stand an annual parade without using baseball bats on participants . 
  and a special mention to the incidents like regularly burning the rainbow in warsaw because [ glorious poland ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/0/14936/m14936670,klm-9109a.jpg ) should n't have a homogay rainbows , lol . 
  it 's better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than open it and remove all doubt . 
  very good . 
  i agree with every point . 
   points out that the will expressed by the people must be entirely and fully respected , yes . 
  as far as i wanted uk to #remain - now that people voted against staying in union i find all these votes to repeat the referendum or mps wanting parliament to vote against will of the people very bad and unhealthy for the democracy in uk . 
  people have spoken . 
  british mps - now it 's your time to follow their will . 
  i 'm glad to see meps reminding some people in uk where their heart should be . 
   stresses that the current challenges require reflection on the future of the eu :  * there is a need to reform the union and make it better and more democratic ;  * notes that while some member states may choose to integrate more slowly or to a lesser extent , the core of the eu must be reinforced and \u00e0 la carte solutions should be avoided ;  * considers that the need to promote our common values , provide stability , social justice , sustainability , growth and jobs , overcome persistent economic and social uncertainty , protect citizens and address the challenge of migration requires developing and democratising , in particular , the economic and monetary union and the area of freedom , security and justice , as well as strengthening the common foreign and security policy ;  * considers therefore that the reforms must result in a union which delivers what citizens expect ; eu parliament - i 'm proud of you . 
  now i 'm looking forward to see an action follow these words . 
   to be completed by a treaty revision ; i should bookmark that for everyone who doubted if there will be a treaty revision after the referendum . 
   calls on the president of the commission to reallocate the portfolio of the uk commissioner with immediate effect ; commissioner in question is [ jonathan hill ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/commission/2014-2019/hill_en ) . 
  overall : meps said everything i wanted to hear . 
  well done . 
  now i hope to see that being implemented . 
  lgbt + anyone with darker shade of skin color ( survival guide - when seeing * kibole * shout '' * espania !, 
  guitarra !, 
  depending where you go you might also see open hatered towards ukrainians , belarusians + a bonus tatars ( cause * muslim * ) . 
  *  [ the main assumptions of the document : \u2022 member countries without the right to its own army and special services . ], 
  no such thing is in this document . 
  * [ the unification of criminal law and the tax system . ], 
  as the greek crisis has shown - it is necessary for eurozone . 
  as for unification of criminal law - coming from a tv station of the government that wanted to jail women for abortion - i 'm not surprised they 're against it . 
  * [ countries without their own currency and central bank . ], 
  nothing new . 
  that 's what eurozone is . 
  * [ unified visa system . ], 
  about time . 
  poland would benefit most from it . 
  but regardless of benefits for poles - it makes perfect sense for schengen zone . 
  now that uk is out - let 's do this . 
  * [ a common foreign policy with other countries and international organizations . ], 
  as the ukrainian crisis has shown - it 's necessary for eu to be able to do anything useful in foregin affairs . 
  * [ limited role of nato . ], 
  nato is not mentioned in this document even once .
