  national governments still can close loopholes . 
  i would n't be surprised if the existing national regulation in , say , the netherlands , would already take care of them . 
   also , i think you are thinking too short-term since you are only considering what has been happening in the close past and not what could happen in the future . 
  what lead you to that conclusion ? 
   why should we not safeguard net neutrality now , so we do n't have to fight the isps in the future when they have more power ? 
  and this regulation does enormous work in safeguarding net neutrality . 
  instead of having a desert with a few bricks here and there we 'll have a building with a roof , though perhaps still a few windows missing . 
  it 's also why the world would n't burn if such amendments would not be adopted , despite of what some other people apparently want me to believe in . 
  and that 's why saying that it 's a `` net neutrality vote '' looks for me like a significant abuse of terms . 
   isps can argue that video streaming ( ... ) are specialised services because the definition in the proposal is vague and by that charge more for these services isps can argue that they can do that right now in almost every eu country , as they lack in regulations forbidding that . 
  so in the very worst case : nothing will change . 
  also :  within the limits of any contractually agreed data volumes or speeds for internet access services , providers of internet access services shall not restrict the freedoms provided for in paragraph 1 by blocking , slowing down , degrading or discriminating against specific content , applications or services , or specific classes thereof and  there is also end-user demand for services and applications requiring an enhanced level of assured service quality offered by providers of electronic communications to the public or by content , applications or service providers . 
  such services may comprise inter alia broadcasting via internet protocol ( ip-tv ) , video-conferencing and certain health applications . 
  end-users should therefore also be free to conclude agreements on the provision of specialised services with an enhanced quality of service with either providers of electronic communications to the public or providers of content , applications or services . 
  i think you completely misunderstand what i mean . 
  russian scientific output has completely different structure than any other agency . 
  if you 'd cut out iss from nasa - they 'd still remain the largest space agency by the scientific output . 
  if you 'd do the same with roscosmos - it 'd be an empty vessel . 
  russian space science is extremely centred on iss and low earth orbit manned spaceflight - there 's no denial to that . 
   since when any of those had a mir equivalent ? 
  i do n't understand what does it have to deal with scientific output . 
  mir is a thing of past . 
  it has little relevance to what russia is outputting now . 
   might soon be as important i 'm not going into the discussion on what is important or what is n't , because `` important '' is a very subjective thing . 
  but try to point out some recent key scientific discoveries from roscosmos . 
  cause i can give you a whole list of stuff from esa in last 2 years ( rosetta , philae , gaia discoveries come first into my mind , but there 's much more than that ) . 
   what they did in terms of space race is a separate topic than the scientific output they are having now . 
   lets stop pretending that what they achieved is nothing short of friggin amazing . 
  noone is doing that . 
  as i said : you are misunderstanding my posts . 
  i am talking about current state of things , you are talking about former glories , often reaching as far as back to the days of ussr ( where we should n't forget about achievements of ukrainian scientists as well as people from other nations of the block ) and imaginary perception of what russian space science is and what it 's not . 
  guy verhofstadt - love when this guy talks . 
  i just sit here , nodding all the time . 
  [ edit ] apparently ms. janice atkinson thinks that the eu will crumble because french police does not arrest migrants sitting on a railway tracks in calais . 
  that 's ... a new thing . 
  [ edit 2 ] ms. glenis willmott - national leaders must take on the obligations they have agreed on - my bet : they wo n't and in the end blame will fall on the eu . 
  [ edit 3 ] someone ( english-speaking lady , no name i could remember ) really passionate just called a polish government `` xenophobic , far-right wing '' - wow , even their opponents in poland do n't use adjectives like that ... [ edit 4 ] dimitris avramopoulos complains that some of the mps speak only through the perspective of their national interests instead of the `` true european spirit '' . 
  says that eu needs to explain people why do we need common policy and why do we need to take on the common responsibility . 
  `` refugee crisis is a catalyst for more europe . '', 
  ( ... ) test to our polices and responsibility [ edit 5 ] donald tusk - `` this is the time when regular procedures in member states should be replaced with emergency procedures '' ( ... ) but not all member states realize that . 
  ` it 's today that 8 times more places were prepared for refugees than the refugees ready to take them ' ( i do n't know what exactly is he talking about ) . 
  `` human rights are threatened mainly then when the law is not enforced '' [ edit 6 ] voting . 
  we 'll know more details after it 's published on the website . 
  [ edit 7 ] [ transcript of a whole debate ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=cre&amp;reference=20151027&amp;secondref=item-003&amp;format=xml&amp;language=en ), 
  this paragraph was about  scientific output not a number of launches . 
  well , i did a quick run through some sections , and as far as i see - it specifically forbids half of the things people are saying that it will enable ( when in reality most of this stuff is currently unregulated , meaning that the internet providers can do whatever they want ) . 
  for me it looks really like a case that 's blown out of proportion , and even if passed unchanged - it would n't affect the net neutrality much , and you would n't have to pay for an access to amazon/netflix/ebay , you wo n't be blocked from any websites , nor many other things that we 've seen people saying in last 2 threads about it . 
  the lack of objectivity in them is quite astounding - seems like someone came up with a notion that it ruins all the net neutrality and then random people put everything in a one bin : `` internet will burn because of eu '' , so all the evil stuff automatically goes in there . 
  but that said - i 'm not a lawyer and i did n't have much time to analyse the topic , so i wo n't be arguing about it . 
  that 's just quick summary on what i 've seen in my quick review ( and what i did not see even once - anyone actually referring to the law with a full understating of it 's implications ) . 
  that said - thanks for being bothered to ask if anyone read the document . 
  you did more than almost anyone in all 3 threads . 
   i meant the soyuz then do n't say `` russian rockets '' if you mean only one of them   lets not pretend that their scientific output is only surpassed by the americans . 
  russian space-related scientific output is a topic for different discussion . 
  right now not only americans surpassed them , but also esa . 
  if not iss you could include japan , china and probably india in that list . 
  russia really struggles a lot in anything else than missions to the earth orbit , and even there : they have hardly anything to show . 
  almost everything that russia does in terms of space science is a research on the iss . 
  or if you want to include hardware : various stuff related to the launch vehicles and progress/soyuz . 
   russian rockets have really great reliability had . 
  currently they struggle a lot . 
  just to remind you proton failures from may 2015 , may 2014 , july 2013 , december 2012 , august 2012 , august 2011 , december 2010 , and so on . 
  or the soyuz failure in flight vs09 . 
   i 'll want a source of the soyuz being non-profitable there is n't one . 
  russians keep on building them because it brings money in . 
  they simply could n't afford doing anything else than that . 
  soyuz actually is cost efficient . 
  make no mistake - prices nasa pays are not near to the actual costs . 
  lesson for future : remember what was the guy 's name . 
  behaviour like that is not acceptable , if you 'd fill in a formal complain it could be used to fire him . 
  but because noone bothers - he can keep on being a dick . 
  they want to see eu burn , so everything that eu does right and can appeal to a simple-minded public is automatically the most evil thing ever in the eyes of ukip . 
  i 'm surprised that people are surprised by their behaviour . 
  never say never . 
  but definitely not in any foreseeable future . 
  though i wish them very best luck on their path to the democratic country of law and away from any perspective of a war . 
  hopefully one day we 'll welcome ukraine in the eu - when it 's ready . 
  ekhm ... cyprus . 
  i 'm still surprised that there 's no big blue button on a right side to filter it out , like there was one when ukrainian conflict was a big thing . 
  [ that 's how ] ( https://i.imgur.com/axjmn.gif ) , 
  that 's a good point , though in reality it was n't a factor in the victory of pis . 
  the most anti-eu party - korwin - will either be out of parliament or get a bare minimum . 
  the second party that 's talking in public debate about being anti-eu got ~ 9 % , being 3rd force in a parliament , but even they did n't make it a headline of their campaign . 
  ( the final results of the elections are not announced yet ), 
   than on a lost cause . 
  but it 's not a lost cause . 
  in fact : we just won it on that island . 
   people have a romantic attachment to fluffy red squirrels i ca n't find the exact quote right now , but someone once said : the best evolutionary adaptation an animal can have is to look cute for humans . 
  ( every cockroach and rat disagrees  )  what 's so bad about grey squirrels ? 
  one species outcompeting another is something that happens all the time . 
  sorry , but you are wrong on all accounts in your post . 
  by the logic in this quote we should abandon all efforts to save any spices in the world , because '' * one species * ( humans ) * outcompeting another is something that happens all the time . 
  thousands of grey squirrels have been trying every month to cross the sea to the island , risking their lives on unsafe boats including fishing trawlers . ^ ( [ 88 ] ) many of them are fleeing poverty-stricken homelands or war-torn countries and seeking food opportunity within the anglesey . ^ ( [ 89 ] [ 90 ] ) ( [ mixing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis ) , [ with ] ( https://xkcd.com/906/ ) ), 
   each eci that collects one million signatures must impact policy oh god , no . 
  that 's as stupid as it possibly gets . 
  imagine we find 1 million people to implement a law where eu needs to pay out every citizen $ 1000 a month . 
  or implement sharia law . 
  or other equally dumb stuff . 
  and these demands will be impacting the policy on an eu level . 
  sorry , but ... this :  but we are convinced that if the eci tool is not incorporated into the democratic process , it will remain a placebo just to keep the citizens silent .
