  because most of the syrians are sent back to syria while if they apply for asylum in germany , austria , france , whatever the majority of syrians get asylum and can stay . 
  why are you walking around the town `` on a workday '' ? 
  should n't you be at work ? 
  you would think people know by now that syria is _ closer _ to europe than it is to uae or qatar and most parts of saudi arabia . 
  not even mentioning the human rights violations in these countries , size or the fact that they are located in a huge desert . 
  extremely unrealistic ? 
  up until a couple of months ago , i would 've thought so too . 
  now you read comments about how they should be killed , gassed , beaten , about how they wan na throw grenades into their homes , drowned , there are lies and propaganda regarding immigrants , they torch refugee shelters , they piss on refugees in the subway , etc. 
  very much like in the 30 's . 
  and its not dozens . 
  its hundreds of people or more like thousands . 
  refugees are called animals and sub-human , not worth living . 
  people would 've been afraid to say that 10 years ago . 
  far-right political parties have used this language more and more and now those idiots think its acceptable because they see it on tv and on billboards with no repercussions . 
  they are no longer afraid . 
  they are loud and there are lots of them . 
  they use their real names . 
  this is the real danger . 
  not a couple of thousand immigrants . 
  and we need to lounder than them . 
  if they yell , yell louder . 
  if they protest , let 's drown their noise by bringing more people out . 
  if you hear racist remarks , speak up . 
  do n't let anything like that happen again . 
  so not being racist is automatically being left-wing ? 
  jesus , you 're even more stupid than the guy above . 
  as i have said , since that guy is calling for people to commit a crime which is a crime it could warrant him being locked up . 
  in most countries , anyway . 
  if he wants to put innocent people into jail ? 
  then yes , he would commit a crime . 
  right now , this probably borders on hate speech , also a crime . 
  people like you should be locked up . 
  under no moral or legal circumstances you can jail a person who did not commit a crime . 
  are you fucking insane ? 
  lol , yeah because bayern is so left-wing . 
  get a grip mate . 
  i think you are underestimating eu money . 
  poland receives more than 12 billion euros annually . 
  net . 
  after all your contributions to the eu subtracting all the subsidies you get . 
  poland is left with a big fat net deficit of eu contributions of 12 billion euros . 
  in this world , its money over everything . 
  even if we just take 1 billion from you , you will have fucking 5 star refugee shelters . 
  plenty of them . 
  people refusing to stay in a country is their goddamn right . 
  a simple way to eliminate differences in benefits to refugees is by introducing an eu wide standard for the care of refugees . 
  paid for by the eu . 
  there will be no more `` they all want to go to germany for the benefits '' . 
  they will be calculated by means of purchasing power and adjusted accordingly . 
  every country will pay exactly the same and have the same minimum standards . 
  it can be done for everything from food safety to traffic laws . 
  it can be done in refugee care as well . 
  its about refugees you imbecile , not migrants . 
  `` economic migrants '' as you call them are denied in the vast majority of cases . 
  i do n't give a damn if some countries do n't want any . 
  as i have explained below , a union comes with pros and cons . 
  you ca n't exclusively have the pros and none of the cons . 
  if a few thousand refugees are too much to handle for you , leave the eu . 
  we 'll see what impact is greater , a couple of thousand refugees or billions in subsidies lost . 
  your call . 
  i 've had it with countries that only want to take , take , take but give nothing back . 
  the rest of europe needs that money to care for refugees , so you expect us to take care of someone else ? 
  it is a union . 
  it comes with pros and cons . 
  sometimes you will not like the cons . 
  if this is a con that you do n't like you either deal with it or suffer the consequences . 
  you do n't think austria could use a billion euros more in its pocket or germany could n't use 12 billion more ? 
  sure we could . 
  but we support our fellow union members , its for the greater good . 
  it is more than justified to expect something in return . 
  small european countries get a shitload of money from brussels . 
  they will have to use that money to get resources , shelters , etc. 
  i 'm telling you , threaten to cut these subsidies and each country will have 10 asylum shelters by the end of next week . 
  fine . 
  then we will no longer put the burden on you that poor little lithuania gets eu money , deal ? 
  i mean , you do n't wan na play by eu rules after all . 
  why should you get eu money . 
  5 % of your economy is eu money , more than 500 eur per capita . 
  we 'll just give it to the countries willing to accept refugees then . 
  i 'm glad germany is taking them all so they do n't have to live in a country with a racist prick like you . 
  german bro 's < 3 together we will prevail . 
  we need to lead by example and will continue to do so . 
  money is not an issue . 
  at all . 
  we regularly sink billions for banks , needless infrastructure , corruption , sports teams/events , etc. 
  with the money we sunk in the bailout of one bank , we could have funded our entire asylum system for up to 40 years . 
  do n't worry . 
  i would n't want to come to hungary . 
  i 'd leave for a better country . 
  and why can so many people not accept a woman who covers herself , or a man who does not eat pork or drink beer . 
  help me understand this mindset . 
  they do n't bother me , they do n't hurt me . 
  they just live their life and i live mine . 
  why bother with how other people dress or what they eat ? 
  if they cover themselves because they want to and if they are not forced to do so , let them . 
  why do we as western nations think that our culture is the gold standard ? 
  are we really that much better because we eat pork or go topless in the public pool or get smashed every weekend ? 
  i embrace other cultures , they have so many interesting things to offer . 
  local culture is boring and monotonous , a group from somalia often brings an entirely different vibe to the country , new events , a new cuisine , etc. 
  just because they are different , they are not automatically bad people .
