  i have yet to have a single problem/incident with a refugee or a migrant . 
  hungary is the worst offender . 
  the only way is to impose heavy sanctions against those countries if they can not come to a consensus and agree on a humane policy . 
  hit them where it hurts the most . 
  financially . 
  we 'll take them . 
  as we have done in the past . 
  hungarians , czechs , bosnians , croats . 
  let them come . 
  all of europe needs to be way more afraid of the far-right than than of refugees or even `` economic migrants '' even if `` they only come to live of off welfare '' the only thing that costs is money and not human lives . 
  we have money in abundance in most of western europe . 
  the hate that resides in people unbearable . 
  it makes me sick to the stomach . 
  you can present facts and sources and those idiots will still support their views . 
  those people threaten with murder and they not only threaten , they light houses and refugee camps / centers on fire . 
  if we do n't stop them i do n't how much longer it will be until refugees are beaten up or worse , murdered in cold blood . 
  i think everyone was certain that another genocide was virtually impossible in europe . 
  now , after reading those comments and remarks in the last couple of months i am not so sure anymore . 
  i am scared . 
  not because of the refugees but because the european people and what those right-wing radicals might do unless we stand up and fight them tooth and nails . 
  while not my personal believes , if you are opposed to taking in more refugees or migrants and have fact-based arguments ok , everbody is entitled to their opinion . 
  i think it is criminally wrong but i will and we should tolerate it and try to convince people otherwise . 
  racism , hate speech and threatening to murder or wishing death upon human beings is not acceptable in any way , shape or form . 
  we ca n't let anything like that ever happen again . 
  raise your voices . 
  `` safe '' quote : rule of law and human rights continue to be undermined in hungary , with increasing pressures on the media and civil society , and ongoing discrimination against ethnic and religious minorities . 
  quote : jobbik magyarorsz\u00e1g\u00e9rt mozgalom ( movement for a better hungary ) , known as jobbik , an extreme right-wing political party with a strong anti-roma and an increasingly anti-semitic agenda , gained three seats at european parliament elections in june . 
  yeah , hungary sounds like a blast and very safe for ethnic and religious minorities ... 
  they apply for asylum . 
  for the duration the application is under review they are provided with food and housing ( if you wan na call barracks and tents housing , that is ) and get like 50 bucks a month for clothes and other stuff they need or they get like 800 euros and rent an apartment themselves thats how it is in austria at least . 
  they are not allowed to work . 
  they are not even allowed to clean the barracks themselves because our awesome government made a contract with a shady swiss company that is responsible for that . 
  if they are denied asylum status , which happens to most applicats that are deemed `` economic migrants '' they have to leave . 
  there is an exception though , if they get denied but are sick or injured they can stay as long as they are in rehab/treatment . 
  if they are denied and wo n't leave they will be deported , but most leave on their own . 
  if they are denied and stay illegaly , they get no benefits whatsoever . 
  nothing . 
  you do . 
  there is free wifi on the railjet . 
  europe ftw !, 
  throwing id away . 
  this bs has been debunked . 
  not everybody on the fucking planet has a passport like most europeans . 
  believe it or not , there are countries less developed than eu countries . 
  i do n't think many farmers from eritrea or syrians who managed to ( maybe ) save a couple of tshirts and jeans from their destroyed homes have their passports ready in case they wan na go and visit fucking paris over the weekend . 
  so its not about color of their skin ? 
  weird , because almost everything i have read from people like you goes something like , well , we would care for our neighbors , they have the same culture ( and we all know what they mean by that ) , same values , blabla . 
  also , weird that no one has a problem accepting and tolerating unskilled people from eastern europe . 
  no one has a problem accepting `` barely-literate '' german high school dropouts to wait tables in my country , for example . 
  so yeah , its most definitely about color of skin and religion . 
  also , weird that in every major european country the _ only _ people willing to do unskilled labor come from places like bulgaria , romania , czech republic , poland , etc. 
  if anything , there is a huge need for that . 
  dafuq are you talking about man . 
  eritrea is ruled by a dictator . 
  i think we all agree that this is a valid reason to apply for asylum , no ? 
  this is what you will never understand . 
  this is not something that is between left and right . 
  this is something that is between humans who act in a humane way and people who have lost all humanity . 
  we need to get politics completely out of this debate . 
  this has nothing to do with politics , left , right or center . 
  everybody would do the same if they were stuck in syria , iraq or even africa . 
  its human nature to strive for a better life . 
  i have yet to come across a reasonable statement as to why europe should not take in legitimate refugees . 
  a statement supported by facts that are not debunked by googling the matter for 90 seconds . 
  good . 
  do n't wan na take in more refugees ? 
  say goodbye to that sweet eu money . 
  i love all you idiots claiming `` they threaten our european culture '' . 
  you dense motherfuckers , there is no fucking european culture . 
  swedes and greeks have about as much in common as a bolivian and someone from south korea . 
  for fucks sake , people from the same country often have vastly different cultures and values . 
  this is pure stupidity and hateful propaganda . 
  because leaving people to die is not a fucking opinion , its a crime . 
  thats why people who support that or obstruct efforts to help those poor bastards are told to fuck off . 
  funnily enough , those nations who joined the eu last and by all accounts benefitted the most are the most racist , ignorant and quickest to deny any help to the refugees . 
  fine their asses into oblivion or kick them out . 
  its a union , if you take our collective money and do n't play by the rules , fuck off . 
  simple as that . 
  this is not true . 
  the addendum to the directive explicitely states that the directive ( to not accept people without documentation ) does not apply for refugees travelling under the geneva convention . 
  so yes , they could fly in without a visa if they claim upon boarding they wish to apply for asylum . 
  as i stated above , this makes airlines liable for damages and therefore they deny everyone , including refugees travelling under the protection of the geneva convention . 
  it is already implemented . 
  every asylum seeker can , per eu directive , board a plane and fly to country xy . 
  however , if that person gets denied the airline has to pay for the cost of transport back to the country of origin and a fine on top of that . 
  thats why airlines do not accept any refugees without documentation . 
  its a huge liability to them , even though they technically violate eu law , however if they would honor the eu law and accept refugees without documentation they would violate eu air traffic laws . 
  its a clusterfuck . 
  you are the one who is the aggressive racist . 
  not them . 
  they want a better life , you hate on human beings . 
  i would n't want you in my country . 
  a disgusting piece of dog shit , thats what you are . 
  turks and syrians have a complete different mindset though . 
  they can not be compared in terms of how willing/likely they are to integrate . 
  you do realize that kurds are subject to torture , murder , imprisonment , etc. 
  in turkey . 
  for fucks sake , turkey has been isis biggest ally . 
  its has been proven time and time again that illegal immigrants benefit society more than they harm society . 
  even if they are here illegally , they pay taxes on everything they consume .
