  they are not allowed to use the heathcare system unless it is an emergency and then have to pay the bill entirely . 
  for any regular doctors visit , they have to pay _ upfront _ so you are lying . 
  if their application is denied they are not eligible for any benefits whatsoever . 
  they are illegal immigrants and get no government housing , money , whatever . 
  they are not a burden on society but do however , if they manage to find a job pay taxes , rent , food , clothes , etc. 
  would you shut the fuck up ? 
  europe is being flooded by eastern european `` economic migrants '' and no one bats an eye . 
  but as soon as the `` brown people '' start to come its bad . 
  with a mindset like that you do n't get to be a part of the european society and better should fuck off back behind the iron curtain . 
  europe welcomed y' all some 20 years ago with open arms now when its time to do the same you chicken shits want to back out of your responsibilities . 
  what the stupid right wing people do n't understand is that people migrated for thousands of years . 
  the concept of a `` border '' or `` residence permit '' is less than 200 years old . 
  most states are not even 200 years old . 
  half of europe did not exist in the form it does today less than 100 years ago . 
  times change , people change , people move , countries and borders change . 
  accept it , adapt and live on . 
  one thing that will never change however , is the sheer stupidity and backwardness of the fucking right wingers . 
  and no , i 'm not `` left '' by any means . 
  i am fucking human and treat humans in a _ humane _ way . 
  what they want is live with their relatives . 
  they are mostly in western european countries . 
  so , racist myth debunked , next ? 
  it has been explained thousands of times as to why there are more men than women and children arriving . 
  but i guess you are to damn stupid to comprehend that ? 
  how so ? 
  want me to name a few cases of corruption ? 
  waste of money ? 
  all the bullshit stunts politicians pull ? 
  and the ones who harm society the most get to be elected ? 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  we see it happening right now . 
  its mob mentality . 
  just look around and see the kind of hate people are spewing towards refugees . 
  no one would 've dared to post shit like that 10-15 years ago , the actions , propaganda and lies of right-wing parties have caused that racism and hate now is a valid state of mind for ~ 30 % + of the population , they no longer have to be afraid or ashamed to say racist stuff , since its printed on billboards everywhere , political leaders use language like that , facebook pages , etc. 
  dark times . 
  ca n't shotgun a bottle dude . 
   or in other words : you could drink 5 beers every hour of the day , 30 days non-stop . 
  sounds like heaven . 
  yeah but if you have faked , cheated on and flatout fraudulently changed your balance sheets/statements for the past 10-15 years you are at fault for fraud and the banks are off the hook . 
  but funnily enough , banks actually helped greece to fake their balance sheets , etc. 
  ( goldman sachs made a fortune doing that ), 
  so you pay about 50 % of your wage for rent . 
  welcome to the real fucking world of young adults in europe . 
  6 ' 2 is 1,88 m thats not even close to almost 2m , dutchie . 
  jugo food is awesome , gim me them cevape 24/7 . 
  and they say german is bad . 
  the median salary in austria is somewhere around 2k not 2.8 k, 
  literally the second link on google if you google `` hate speech arrest united states '' `` flathead county resident david lenio , 28 , is being prosecuted for making disparaging remarks about jews on twitter and denying that the holocaust happened . '', 
  even your attorney general threatened to prosecute against `` hate speech '' http://abcnews.go.com/us/department-justice-anti-muslim-hate-speech/story?id=35585946 keep up the illusion , bro !, 
  ignorance is bliss after all . 
  no , no you can not . 
  you ca n't even say certain things on tv , you ca n't say/publish certain things due to `` matters of national security '' or some other bs ; the us is n't granted more or less `` free speech '' than any other western country . 
  the ways differ but you face just about as much if not more retribution to certain things than other countries but alas , the brainwash keeps working . 
  well , nutella is like 50 % sugar and 50 % fat . 
  but 100 % delicious . 
  `` huge amount of aid '' what the fuck are you talking about . 
  that is less than 1 dollar per day/per refugee . 
  they are not ? 
  what are you smoking . 
  there is way more right-wing crime than left-wing crime . 
  more than 16k vs. 4k . 
  technically , he is there legally . 
  if he did not apply for asylum in any other eu country and was not processed there and upon entering sweden he did apply for asylum he is there legally . 
  whether these are good laws or not are a different issue but as of right now , he entered sweden legally . 
  crazy !, 
  thank you . 
  i did not see the difference before . 
  brb , getting a ski mask asap . 
  please , explain how a ski mask and bank robber mask look so different from each other that they ca n't be mistaken for one another . 
  if you walk around downtown in a ski mask you will get more than a few very weird looks . 
   without looking like a bank robber bruh, 
  how do you windproof your face without looking like a bank robber or someone who just got a facial from a vaseline dispenser . 
  right wingers are typically pro putin though . 
  oddly enough ... 
  french intelligence have missed 3 attacks this year . 
  two of them turned out to be incredibly bloody . 
  one , thanks to the courageous act of tourists did not . 
  pure luck . 
  at what point do we deem mass surveillance as a complete and utter failure ? 
  this morning at 7 some conservative politician tweeted to impose mass surveillance immediately . 
  he did not say he condemned the attacks or that his sympathy goes out to the victims . 
  he called for immediate implementation of government mass surveillance . 
  i mean , at this point there are n't even trying to hide their agenda anymore . 
  they are flat-out skull fucking the public and there is literally nothing you can do about it . 
  you do n't even get to vote on it . 
  direct democracy now . 
  you can not deport 20k people or more per day , every single day . 
  i doubt that the greek air force has the capacities to do so and no airline would engage in such an endeavor . 
  you people always have such a simplistic world view . 
  aside from logistics , there are laws preventing deportation to war zones . 
  it just can not be done without violating our most cherished and most protected laws . 
  there is a reason constitutions are almost impossible to change or amend in many developed countries . 
  and that is a damn good reason . 
  jeez dude . 
  law student here , while yes , there is gewaltenteilung , merkel , just as anyone else , can recommend or urge someone to do something , she could urge me , you or yes , facebook . 
  facebook can increase or decrease their thresholds for what they find offensive and what they think is still within german law . 
  theoretically they could censor everything just mentioning refugees or merkel and there is nothing you can do about it because , as a company , they are not obliged to freedom of speech laws . 
  they are not radical , they have a different culture . 
  in vienna there is a refugee shelter , a single building , albeit a big one , housing over 1100 refugees . 
  men , women , children , young adults .
