the point is they are not illegally crossing to europe . 
  thats what you do n't understand , either you ca n't or you do n't want to . 
  first of all , its a human right to apply for asylum in a safe country , now , here the important part kicks in , try to read carefully and write it down if necessary . 
  most countries do not recognize turkey as a safe state . 
  or jordan , or lebanon or egypt or any country outside the eu plus a very few select ones . 
  the next closest safe state ( by the definition of most eu countries ) is , you guessed it , greece . 
  now , you can either think turkey is safe , which it is n't really and try to change the law accordingly or just accept the fact that under current laws , those people coming to greece or southern italy are doing nothing illegal . 
  but i ca n't expect narrow minded people to know much about eu law . 
  the problem with your idea is , that the countries they took refuge in are treating them like dirt . 
  no work , no school , no access to health care , little food , etc. 
  what would you do ? 
  all the consequences of my first post are bound to happen . 
  you now have the possibility to either treat them right , everywhere . 
  here in europe , in the refuge camps or you can continue treating them like dirt and have millions of poor , uneducated people in a destroyed country . 
  you get failed states and then it will not be a temporary problem it will be a major problem that will last for decades if not centuries . 
  why do you think experts agree with my points mostly ? 
  and with none of the right wingers ? 
  because they are on an agenda ? 
  because its the truth . 
  no , you are just too dumb to grasp that concept . 
  if they are not allowed to work and have to spend years in camps , what exactly you think is going to happen ? 
  yes , they will become desperate , violent and criminal because there is simply no other way to survive . 
  their kids can not go to school and then you raise another generation of uneducated , young , people with nothing to do , prone to succumb to the temptations of being a criminal or worse a radical islamist . 
  and then , when _ maybe _ in 5 or 10 years when iraq and syria are `` safe '' again , you have millions of uneducated people prone to be lured in by radicals of all sorts . 
  greaaaaat idea . 
  why ca n't you people , for once , think outside of the box ? 
  could you fucking not ? 
  first of all , do you seriously believe that every syrian , iraqi or whatever has a passport ? 
  look at the us where just this year ( ! ), 
  for the first time _ ever _ more than 50 % of the population had a passport . 
  and we are talking about the us , one of the most advanced nations on earth compored to poor arab countries . 
  so combine that with the war going on , i doubt that more than 20 % of syrians ever had passports . 
  even if , there are ways of telling whether someone is from syria or not , in fact , in less than 10 % of all cases where thecountry of origin is disputed it is not possible to determine where someone actually comes from . 
  so , how about stopping spreading wrong information ( why would you do that as an american btw whats to gain from it ? ), 
  and educate yourself ? 
  so wrong . 
  why do n't you people educate yourselves juuuuust a little bit ? 
  syria is not some country from the stone age , they speak english , french and thus learn the latin alphabet . 
  plus if anything , western europe needs more cheap labor that the locals wo n't ever do . 
  i ca n't even remember when i last saw an austrian cleaning lady or chamber maid or dishwasher or nurses assistant or cab driver , etc you get the picture . 
  does it matter ? 
  maybe germany did not make the best decision but however , since it is a fucking _ union _ you ride together , you die together . 
  it was n't germanys problem or ours or swedens when ireland fucked up or spain or greece or italy or portugal . 
  but we paid the bill collectively because thats what a union does . 
  but many and especially most eastern european countries view the eu as a fucking charity institution . 
  they only take but never give . 
  it ca n't work like that . 
  and they will either learn that or leave . 
  germany is good enough to pay everyones bills in this union but once they want to collect their dues everybody goes like `` booooo germoney , arrogant , money , nazi , no democracy '' . 
  how bout shutting the fuck up , you know , maybe germany is doing something right , since they are the biggest country , biggest economy and are a global player and well respected . 
  and then , for example , little slovakia wants to bitch about how no one respects them if they ca n't do shit other than export their hookers across the continent . 
  all people who have ever committed murder drank water !, 
  that how ridiculous you sound . 
  completely misinformed , hateful anti-islamic bullshit . 
  again , why does that matter ? 
  if they apply in the proposed european asylum system and are assigned to say , poland , they can not leave and apply for asylum in germany , they will not get benefits in germany , are not allowed to work . 
  and if their only goal would be a high salary they would have to apply in countries other than germany because germany does n't necessarily pay that well . 
  they have to apply for a job in the country they would hypothetically go to after they asylum request has been granted plus x-amount of time . 
  and they dont get benefits . 
  and after 3 months , they have to leave if they do not have a job . 
  and they are also not eligible for unemployment benefits , because in most countries you have to pay taxes for more than 1 year to be eligible . 
  again , there are rules in place for that you either do n't know them or you choose to ignore them to push your agenda . 
  you whole `` arguments '' are hypothesis and what-ifs . 
  its crystal clear . 
  there are rules in place for all your fears , worries , what-ifs , problems , whatever you want to call them and you simply have no idea what you are talking about . 
  what exactly does salary have to do with it ? 
  you are a disgusting populist , thats what you are . 
  most refugees are not allowed to work until their application is granted , with very few exceptions . 
  so refugees wo n't leave because of higher salaries simply because they are not allowed to earn anything . 
  and if they are granted asylum in country x they are not allowed to travel/work in country y. 
  there are already rules in place for that . 
  you simply do n't know them . 
  then you are stupid and are n't listening , because that has been proposed dozens of times . 
  you create an asylum system organized and funded by the eu , the benefits and standards will be the same across the whole union , adjusted for cost of living , of course . 
  you then will see that for most people there is no difference if they are in germany , switzerland , the netherlands or the czech republic if the standards are equal . 
  because that is illegal . 
  you can neither stop people at will and register them nor control the borders systematically . 
  if they apply for asylum , they will be registered and their application will be processed . 
  how about you educate yourself about eu law ? 
  the difference is we are not building a fence and beating people with batons to keep them out . 
  we are just supporting our police force because we do n't have enough police . 
  and its completely pointless anyway because if they want to apply for asylum they will have the be processed anyway . 
  and they ca n't be sent back to hungary because as of yesterday , our supreme court has decided that hungary is no longer considered a safe country for refugees , thus making dublin deportations back to hungary impossible . 
  good job !, 
  you are such an idiot , its unbelievable . 
  this war might go on for decades . 
  if we ever see the end of it , your idea would have wasted hundreds of thousands of lives . 
  people who could 've been a part of society , pay taxes , etc. 
  do nothing but sit around and cost money and vegetate . 
  you are proclaiming a `` solution '' which magnifies the exact problem you idiots already have with refugees . 
  so much stupidity packed in one brain , its mind boggling . 
  tell me , how did you even pass elementary school ? 
  what you do n't get and i do n't know if its hungarian media propaganda or if you are just not smart enough to grasp it . 
  what we want and expect from hungary is fair treatment for the refugees . 
  fair treatment does not include denying asylum applications for more than 90 % of syrians . 
  fair treatment does not include lying to the refugees . 
  fair treatment does not include building a fence and trying to keep everyone out . 
  fair treatment does not include having a racist government , etc , etc. 
  you ask why they do n't wan na stay in syria ( edit : i meant hungary , of course ? 
  benefits ?
