  those figures are , as i 'm sure you know , disputed . 
  and there is no deficit requirement to join the eu , only the euro . 
  so hey maybe that will stop people touting that myth of scotland being forced to join the euro . 
  i doubt it though . 
  also in a similar line to maybe illustrate how it feels for scottish people to constantly be told they somehow ca n't afford to be an independent country while no one ever suggests say denmark should rejoin norway when things get a bit rough . 
  my parting gift is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkh6vewuvbg ) if you have n't seen it already . 
   i agree about the significance of brexit but it has become apparent that whatever the negotiations outcome scotland will leave the eu either as an independant scotland or as part of the uk . 
  i 'll direct you back to my comprehensive ( thanks ) reply as to why that is just a soundbite . 
  the importance is minimising the length of time scotland is out of the common market . 
   given that , asking for an indeyref2 during the negotiations or finalisation is just playing politics for self interest . 
  again , i explained why it is a good compromise . 
  may wants the referendum far off into the future . 
  ideally sturgeon would like one asap so that scotland could have as much time as possible to ensure seamless eu membership . 
  what she has instead suggested is 18 months + after the triggering of article 50 , may gets to negotiate without any bombshells , scotland is n't needlessly delayed should it vote for independence . 
   neverendum ( good word btw ) is a reality for the snp , it is their reason for being . 
  the snp will never give up on independence , true , but it is wrong to suggest they will constantly push for a referendum . 
  for example , there would n't have been a referendum in this parliament if it were n't for brexit . 
  thanks for completely changing the subject . 
  i did really try to address what you were saying in my last reply . 
  in response to your new accusations . 
  this referendum will only happen because there was a material change in circumstance specifically accounted for in the snp 's manifesto which they are now democratically obliged to act upon . 
  brexit is the biggest political upheaval in living memory in the uk . 
  it is * entirely * reasonable that an independence referendum should follow , especially after scotland strongly rejected brexit . 
  this is not neverendum territory , and to suggest that is disingenuous * at best * . 
  in the same way the prime minister is the head of a union ( or family , if you are better together ) of nations . 
  not a purely unitary state , and not even the prime minister talking to a * region * . 
  that status of nationhood demands a certain respect which i understand an awful lot of british people and politicians simply do n't comprehend or agree with . 
  which frankly is no small part of the reason why scotland may shortly become independent . 
  in a truly federal uk independence would be an unlikely outcome . 
   do you really think an indyref2 during brexit will not impact the negotiations the outcome of which effect the whole . 
  does everyone in here think that sturgeon has called for an immediate referendum ? 
  she has called for one between autumn 2018 and spring 2019 . 
  as an aside , the uk has 2 years to negotiate and formalise it 's exit from the eu before all pre-existing ties are cut 730 days from the triggering of article 50 . 
  this means the final deal * must * be known before that point , and the eu commission 's head negotiator for brexit has said that the uk must reach a deal within 18 months to allow it to actually be implemented in time . 
  now obviously , these talks wo n't be happening in a secret vacuum . 
  we will know mostly what the deal will be before those 18 months , but regardless , nicola 's date window means that the referendum can be held after the deal is done or * all but * done . 
  autumn 2018 , the very earliest time , is 18 months from when article 50 will be triggered . 
  that means unless the uk is hurtling towards wto rules ( which would be something scotland should definitely get an eject button from ) , the referendum result will occur after brexit negotiations are wrapped up , that means the scottish public will have all the information it needs and also it means there will be no early bombshell to weaken may 's position . 
  that is entirely reasonable . 
  i 'm sure may would love to have the referendum as far into the future as possible , but you need to balance that with the scottish government 's desire to try to minimise a gap in common market membership if scotland becomes independent . 
  that is not a crazy-nationalist-braveheart demand , that 's just common sense . 
  i do n't think it is too much to ask for may to meet nicola 's compromise on this one . 
  given that she has * completely * reneged on her promise to include the devolved nations in designing brexit , in fact she 's gone so far in the opposite direction that it would be funny if it was n't sad . 
  does anyone even remember the heady days when there was going to be a meaningful direct line from edinburgh , cardiff and belfast to david davis ... 
  is that seriously all you have to say in reply . 
  well , thanks for making my points look even stronger in comparison , i guess . 
  it 's a bit like how the queen technically has the power to do , well , whatever she wants . 
  but she does n't . 
  the public does n't expect her to act that way . 
  may could * technically * block independence indefinitely . 
  she has that power . 
  but would it be wise ? 
  no , the scottish public see a referendum as something to be granted if the scottish parliament asks for it . 
  the deal is n't unveiled to us from a secret box 729 days after triggering article 50 . 
  by autumn 2018 - spring 2019 the details of brexit will be well known . 
  all the more because the 2 year timetable is n't just for negotiating a settlement , but implementing it before all former ties are cut after 730 days . 
  that 's why the eu commission 's chief negotiator has said publicly that the uk has 18 months to reach a deal after triggering article 50 . 
  so scotland will know what it is choosing between . 
  well that puts it into context . 
  as i said we hear lots from various `` spanish officials '' . 
  i do n't think we need to put too much weight on the musings of a spanish official who does n't understand how eu accession works . 
  there is n't a line . 
  there is also no minimum time to stand in this non-existent line . 
  there does n't need to be any fast-tracking . 
  scotland has been in the eu for decades , it is as aligned with the eu as any candidate could ever dream of being , there is no reason why this would n't be speedy and also no reason why efta membership could n't be virtually instantaneous to ensure scotland 's economic links with europe were n't severed while the political eu links are negotiated . 
  you are triggering me . 
  but really , we hear a lot of headlines from spanish officials . 
  for every negative one there is eventually a positive one . 
  it 's swings and roundabouts . 
  the hyper-unionists on this sub do not respect the legitimacy of the scottish parliament . 
  i mean , technically they wo n't say that to you , but they fall over themselves in excitement at the thought of westminster blocking a scottish parliament request for a referendum . 
  as much as someone can tell the public mood , i can say that the people in scotland generally do n't think this way . 
  even labour say that westminster should n't mess with a scottish referendum . 
  it 's literally only a conservative idea right now . 
  it was one of the main pillars of the debate . 
  for some reason the most rabid unionists ( who are starkly overrepresented on this sub ) try to rewrite history , which is ridiculously stupid in an online age . 
  at the time , if you were voting purely on the safest bet for uninterrupted eu membership , voting `` no '' to independence appeared to be the way to go . 
  and so better together played to that , a lot . 
  i mean i do n't have slight ptsd whenever someone mentions `` spain '' for nothing , you can not imagine how many times i had to deal with unionists telling me and others that spain would block scotland 's eu membership for example . 
   scots should be able to see how the uk is functioning once we have left the eu that would take many , many years . 
  and that is not what the scottish people voted for in the last election . 
  nicola sturgeon has a mandate to call a referendum in this scottish parliament . 
   from what ruth davidson was saying she 's expecting that calls for a referendum by spring of 2019 would be rejected conclusively in the scottish parliament anyway ? 
  no , she knows it will pass , everyone does . 
  the greens and the snp together have a majority in the scottish parliament and they are of one mind when it comes to the referendum and the timing . 
  if you ca n't see the clear and obvious logic behind why a referendum during that timescale provides scotland both with the information about the brexit deal necessary as well as an opportunity to organise an interim deal with the eu , then honestly there is no hope . 
  it 's fine to disagree with something , but to wilfully not understand clear logic , well that 's not okay . 
  i can understand may 's logic , i disagree with it and i say so , i do n't go around telling people she 's doing this because she 's evil . 
  if you want to be talked through it watch literally any of sturgeon 's recent interviews . 
  maybe if brexit had a supermajority tacked to it that argument would hold water . 
  you ca n't really be saying that after scotland is dragged out of the eu against it 's will due to the narrow uk wide majority in a referendum that was never submitted for * any * sort of approval in the scottish parliament . 
  yet still , in no small part to try and escape the consequences of that result , a scottish independence referendum needs all the things the brexit referendum * did n't * . 
  well lets not forget what the uk is . 
  as was told to scotland last time , over and over and over again , it is a union , or a family , of nations . 
  so * particularly * when it comes to aspects of national sovereignty , may has to be very careful she does n't overstep her bounds . 
  she is n't the spanish prime minister , speaking to the leader of a region . 
  she is the head of a union speaking to the leader of a nation . 
  it is an important distinction , and one that people in scotland on both sides of the debate recognise . 
  only the most rabid unionists ( who are overrepresented on this sub , just to clarify ) think the british pm should be able to dictate the terms and dates of a scottish referendum . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about .
