  if it helps i can tell you that / r/europe is by far the most anti-scottish independence sub i have discussed the issue on . 
  this sub just does * not * like intra-eu independence movements . 
  there is no logic to it , i mean after brexit i thought the sub may warm to scottish independence more given that the scottish government wants a second referendum on the basis of being dragged out the eu against its will . 
  but no , if anything the sub is even more opposed which is both strange and insanely demoralising . 
  well done for representing the pro-independence catalan view though , i know from many experiences that it 's not an easy task on here . 
  it 's insane the amount of people on here hiding behind the `` constitution '' shield , as if by pure virtue of something being in the constitution invalidates all opposing arguments . 
  if that was the case europe would have made no political progress from centuries ago when the first constitutions were written . 
   edit : i expect this getting downvoted to hell . 
  lol . 
  degrading scottish independence in a comment is one of the most reliable ways to get upvoted on this sub . 
   btw , why do we see so many stories from the independent shared on reddit ? 
  judging by the quality of most of them , it is n't due to lack of sensationalism and high standards . 
  they 've literally become a clickbait factory . 
  it seems they 've turned all their attention to churning out low quality articles fast and getting them all over facebook as a way to get hits . 
  it is working so people are seeing them more and posting them to reddit more . 
  the independent has literally become a worse buzzfeed . 
  they now only survive by being clickbait , if you see a british news article linked on facebook it 's probably the independent . 
  they get a lot of reddit posts now too for the same reason . 
   it is entirely likely that member states will veto scotlands ascension some , like spain & austria , have been pretty outspoken about it . 
  all ascension votes need to be unanimous . 
  i 've seen no mention of this and i keep on top of news surrounding it , do you have any links about people vetoing scotland ? 
  i 'm not asking as the lazy debate technique i 'm genuinely interested . 
   there are far more pressing countries that need to be negotiated with first . 
  like who ? 
  bosnia or serbia ? 
  eu membership has never been about who is `` of most benefit to the union '' so that 's not only a snide observation to make it 's entirely irrelevant . 
   for all new countries the single currency has been mandatory . 
  additionally no it has n't . 
   it 's highly likely that member states will veto scotlands ascension if they are not using the euro that 's highly unlikely . 
  all scotland has to do to comply with the obligation to joint the euro at some point in the future is say that they will join when it will be beneficial to the scottish economy . 
   but scotland will not retain eu membership . 
  that should be made clear . 
  scotland will have to apply for eu membership . 
  are you really nit picking words ? 
  we know , nicola sturgeon even addressed that in the interview . 
   well that 's not eu 's business . 
  uk internal business is uk internal business . 
  that 's something brexiters did n't understand when negociations did n't start before a50 was triggered . 
  and that 's something that wo n't change now . 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about the eu 's actions back in 2014 during the scottish independence referendum . 
  as i explained , i understand why the eu would throw scottish independence under the bus at that point but the least you can do is show a bit more meekness now it has been completely validated in that regard . 
   there 's nothing to be demoralised . 
  you are taking things a bit too personally . 
  instead of putting yourself in your own shoes , start thinking what joining the eu is actually about . 
  eu is also a project that is on the verge of changing . 
  yet scotland does n't express any desire or roadmap to join projects that are already present . 
  what will it do when new iterations of the eu will be put forth ? 
  there is everything to be demoralised about . 
  it 's not just on here , all the signs ( or more accurately the lack of support ) we are hearing from eu figures too suggests everyone would rather purely focus on punishing britain and if scotland is an innocent casualty of that then so be it . 
  it would honestly take the most simple of messages of support for an independent scotland escaping brexit , but we 've yet to hear anything substantial . 
  it seems like most people here would rather scottish independence fail in martyrdom championing only the most pure ideals of european federalism than to have scotland achieve independence , join the eu and in all likelihood eventually adopt the euro at some point in the future . 
  if you 'd rather obsess over purity and take out some spite against the wrong target then go ahead , but all of this has a real impact in scotland . 
  [ the commission holds that erm2 membership is voluntary ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/business-economy-euro/euro-area/enlargement-euro-area/introducing-euro/adoption-fixed-euro-conversion-rate/erm-ii-eus-exchange-rate-mechanism_en ) . 
  nicola sturgeon said nothing about being ideologically opposed to the euro or that she would never want it adopted in the future . 
  i 'm fed up of spite against the uk being taken out on scotland . 
  from what i 've seen most people on this sub would rather scottish independence fail in martyrdom championing only the most pure ideals of european federalism than to have scotland achieve independence , join the eu and in all likelihood eventually adopt the euro at some point in the future . 
  if you 'd rather obsess over purity and take out some spite against the wrong target then go ahead , but all of this has a real impact in scotland . 
  no i consulted [ the commission ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/business-economy-euro/euro-area/enlargement-euro-area/introducing-euro/adoption-fixed-euro-conversion-rate/erm-ii-eus-exchange-rate-mechanism_en ) . 
  the link i gave is straight from the commissions website , so clearly they have no intention of trying to force the currency on anyone . 
  and you only need common sense to realise that forcing the euro on an unwilling member state is a ridiculously awful political move on the eus part , it would never work and would only damage the union . 
  i understand that everyone feels burnt from the uk being extremely euroskeptic through the years but i am fed up of scotland getting the same treatment . 
  nicola sturgeon said she would n't advocate joining a voluntary part of the eu right away which is entirely reasonable and there are plenty of eu countries that act the same way . 
  she has never said she is ideologically opposed to the euro or that scotland would never join , so if thats what you think she means , do n't worry . 
  scotland greatly appreciates eu membership and has gained a lot from it as well as contributed a lot to it . 
  scotland confirmed this by strongly and uniformly backing the remain vote even at times like these when the eu is not as new , shiny and popular as it has been in the past in western europe . 
  and by the way , back in 2014 during the scottish independence referendum the snp campaigned strongly on independence as a means to protect our eu membership . 
  however , no senior eu figure would throw even a crumb of encouragement or do anything other than be purposely vague on the request of david cameron to try and scupper independence . 
  now i completely understand the concept of the uk being the member state and so the eu 's main loyalty was towards westminster , but now that the point of independence in 2014 to escape brexit has been fully and completely validated , perhaps it would be appropriate to be a little less quick to jump on nicola sturgeon or other pro-independence pro-eu figures , they have been burned by the eu but are n't holding any spite and are still fiercely pro-eu . 
  and now scotland could potentially be taking the massive leap of becoming independent in no small part to retain eu membership , but you would rather throw all of that away let scotland fall out of spite just because nicola sturgeon is n't tying herself to the euro right away ? 
  this cutting off your nose to spite your face thing is what we want to escape from , it 's the mantra of brexit . 
  it is honestly extremely demoralising to see the same attitude coming in a different form from so many people on this sub . 
   that is a duplicitous speech that no eu politician wants to hear again . 
  holding one speech at brussels and another at home . 
  it 's just a fact , where is your crusade against sweden or poland or bulgaria or the others ? 
  scotland would not be alone in not joining the euro and it 's not a requirement for membership . 
  if you want to make the euro an essential part of eu membership then pass the legislation . 
  you ca n't have euro membership being voluntary but go on a crazy tirade against nicola sturgeon for not suggesting scotland instantly joints it . 
  i honestly do n't know what you want to achieve here other than being immensely salty for no clear reason . 
  yes they can . 
  no the facts are nicola sturgeon said she would n't choose to join the euro at this time . 
  there is absolutely nothing stunning or unique about that , euro membership is voluntary . 
  there is no special treatment required . 
  what exactly did she say that made you compare her to orban ? 
  i 'm legitimately not understanding where all this hate is coming from . 
  so what if ireland is n't in schengen ? 
  that makes no difference to the problem you suggested of a country being a gateway for illegal eu immigration into post-brexit uk . 
  exactly what about roi not being in schengen prevents this being an issue between the republic and northern ireland ? 
  are we understanding the same facts here ? 
  euro membership is completely voluntary . 
  there is zero special treatment in saying scotland would not be forced to join the euro . 
  in fact for scotland to be forced to join the euro it would have to be specifically targeted in some new legislation i ca n't even imagine because as it stands there is absolutely nothing that forces countries to join the euro . 
  the commenters in here are not as eu-literate as they believe . 
  i would reply to every single post i see claiming that not joining the euro is some sort of `` cherrypicking opt-out '' but i 'd need to take it on as a full time job . 
  the fact is euro membership is entirely voluntary . 
  and you do n't even need to make sure you never meet these mythical entry requirements , it 's just pure and simple voluntary . 
  [ you need to join erm2 first and that is ** voluntary ** ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/business-economy-euro/euro-area/enlargement-euro-area/introducing-euro/adoption-fixed-euro-conversion-rate/erm-ii-eus-exchange-rate-mechanism_en ) . 
  sweden does n't purposely miss entry requirements every year , they just do n't join erm2 . 
  there is simply no such thing as criteria that upon meeting forces you into erm2 . 
  it 's honestly demoralising though that this subs default action is to be fiercely critical of a potentially independent scotland .
