  this is why people support independence . 
  the uk has to balance between being a `` family of nations '' and being a single country . 
  swinging fully to an equal `` family of nations '' would be one nation one vote , but england has the most people , should n't that play in to it ? 
  the `` single country '' is essentially westminster where it 's done by population , this is unfair to people who think the uk should be primarily a `` family of nations '' because , well , england utterly dominates it , even if every single scottish , welsh and northern irish mp as well as a substantial amount of english mps voted one way , the remaining english mps could still have a majority . 
  so what we have now after being heavily in the `` single country '' camp is devolution which is a compromise between the two when possible . 
  but it 's not perfect , it is entirely legitimate for scottish people to want more rights for their nation , and do n't assume they want to take them from england , that would be unfair , no one is advocating going full `` family of nations '' , they are asking for independence which is removing themselves from the system , and so the problem , all together . 
  also just to address the free higher education , that is a scottish government policy . 
  england could also easily afford it , instead england elected parties which prioritised other things , such as austerity . 
  to be fair it is very unfortunate that both labour and the tories support fees , scotland is lucky to have a popular party that supports the policy . 
  but the point still stands , england could easily afford it , there is just no political will , that is all . 
  i do n't think it 's a malicious expectation , it 's a product of english being the lingua franca . 
  you 'd expect the same if you were say swedish visiting spain . 
  you wo n't expect anyone in the tourism industry to speak swedish , but you 'll expect them to speak english , which you are also able to speak , so you can then communicate . 
  i 've literally never seen anyone being called an anti-semite on reddit but i 've almost drowned in the amount of posts from people complaining about it . 
  i 'm sure it happens , but it is nowhere near as big an issue as people make it out to be . 
  sunset here was 15:45 a week or so ago . 
  apparently it 's 15:58 today . 
  it 's awful . 
  yes i agree . 
  it 's annoying that the tories are good at attacking the left for wanting to `` nationalise everything '' , even though that is rarely the case , but the electorate seems to give them a free pass to privatise everywhere even when it is blatantly the wrong thing to do . 
  you 'll probably still be stung by the trains . 
  i am always incredibly shocked at how cheap trains are from airports on the continent . 
  for one a lot of uk airports have horrific public transport links anyway ( glasgow airport , the biggest in scotland has busses and that is it ) , but when you can get a train from the airport it is always at a huge premium because they know they 've got a captive audience . 
  for example , the `` heathrow express '' train from heathrow to central london is # 22 , but only if you want to travel at off-peak hours , otherwise it 's ** # 27 ** one way !, 
  oh and by the way there are no child tickets so for a family of four traveling off peak thats over # 100 and could easily be more than their plane ticket for a 15 minute journey . 
  it 's utterly insane . 
  honestly the railways are one of the best arguments against the tories insane ideological drive for privatisation at all costs . 
  railways can only be a monopoly . 
  if i want to get somewhere there are n't parallel tracks with different trains from different companies i can choose from . 
  there is only one . 
  there can * never * be competition . 
  what 's even more ridiculous is the government still owns the tracks ( because when they were privatised people died ) , so these private companies do n't even have to deal with infrastructure costs . 
  it 's nationalising the costs and privatising the profits , the tory way . 
  oh yeah you 're right , got my east and west mixed up . 
  the centre is n't gone , that 's a fallacy . 
  what the tories have managed to do is completely conquer the centre . 
  they 've managed to portray themselves as the only party anyone sensible about the economy and partial to capitalism should vote for . 
  and labour has only helped with the takeover by the corbynistas and going back to 80 's style internal quarreling over what true socialism is . 
  everyone knows who privatised the railways . 
  the ad is n't attacking europeans , it 's trying to highlight to brits that they get nothing out of privatisation . 
  have you ever bought a train ticket in the uk ? 
  it is insanely expensive and not because the government does n't subsidise them , they do . 
  and it 's not because private companies do any better . 
  the state had to take over great western because the private sector had fucked it . 
  it then became widely regarded as one of the best franchises we have but of course had to be given back to the private sector because state ownership is verboten . 
  and the government still owns network rail , who owns the tracks , so the taxpayer even pays for the infrastructure . 
  and again this is out of pure necessity because when it was privatised we had terrible accidents . 
  it 's a ridiculous case of nationalising the costs and privatising the profits . 
  i think switzerland is sort of the exception that proves the rule for direct democracy . 
  just like how everyone can have guns and not shoot each other , but then you look at the us ... 
  it 's extremely annoying . 
  what it really boils down to is electability and charisma . 
  honestly it would n't be impossible to beat theresa may with corbyns policies if they had an electable and charismatic leader who could communicate them properly to the public and inspire trust in his leadership skills . 
  unfortunately , talking about this is seen as disgusting and neo-liberal or whatever to corbyn 's lot are calling it today as apparently charisma is a blairitie thing and that is diabolical . 
  supposedly the country will come round to the obviously superior corbynite policies all on their own ... believe us . . you know the same electorate that gave charismatic blair a landslide , never warmed to decidedly un-charismatic miliband and showed itself very susceptible to populism with brexit . 
  the sad truth is the conservatives have free reign until labour wakes up and starts actually trying to win elections again instead of viewing `` electability '' as a dirty tainted concept . 
  found this gem in that article  meanwhile , high priority was assigned to the capture of the german consulate . 
  arriving at the consulate , the british troops were relieved to find no sign of resistance and simply knocked on the door . 
  consul gerlach opened , protested against the invasion , and reminded the british that iceland was a neutral country . 
  he was reminded , in turn , that denmark had also been a neutral country . 
  he 's not really hated , more disliked if anything , but that is enough to put the monarchy in real question . 
  for one , the queen is an extremely tough act to follow , she 's like everyone 's semi-mythical royal grandmother steeped in tradition and an old fashioned sense of duty and way of doing things . 
  charles does n't have any of that magical sheen , which i think makes everyone uncomfortable because singing `` god save the queen '' is fine , but `` god save the king '' for charles is more than a bit * weird * and uncomfortable , he 's not a mythical royal grandfather , he 's not got any of that aura . 
  but also his public image was damaged quite a lot around the whole diana time , the tabloids really ripped in to him , and that still lingers . 
  and there is also the fact he is n't overly shy about voicing his opinions ( which is something the queen would never do ) , and his opinions include supporting homeopathy for example which does n't win him many brownie points . 
  the snp has n't really `` lost '' support in any truly meaningful sense . 
  you 're right though about the ams system preventing a majority , the snp 's support is still so high that it is making the system act a bit odd . 
  in the most recent election the snp gained about 1.1 % of votes in the constituency vote and lost about 2.3 % in the list vote ( there are two votes ) . 
  so really overall it was pretty stable . 
  the only thing is , in the election before last , the snps votes were pretty much perfectly balanced across the country and the two votes to produce the optimum result for the snp , a majority in a system where a majority was thought to be realistically impossible . 
  this time their support has remained largely stable but has lost some of that perfect balance , which is why we see the drop in seats . 
  and remember , staying `` largely stable '' is a huge achievement because they are staying largely stable at an extremely high level of popularity that would be great for any party , but it is pretty amazing when you consider the snp have been in government for almost 10 years now . 
  that is just too close to the truth . 
  i can imagine trump letting russia steamroll some eastern european states , but god help anyone who threatens a blade of grass on that golf course . 
  honestly nothing can please some people . 
  she has been * extremely * upfront about her brexit plans . 
  the polar opposite to westminster . 
  the scottish government has plans a , b and c. plan a is to have the whole of the uk have a `` soft brexit '' . 
  plan b is to let just scotland have a `` soft brexit '' , this is admitted to be unlikely but is a possibility nonetheless . 
  plan c is an independence referendum if neither of those pan out . 
  it really does n't matter who casts the final blow to plans a or b. 
  what the scottish government is doing is due diligence by giving all the possible alternatives to a second referendum the opportunity , however slim , to bear fruit . 
  it 's not some evil or sneaky plan . 
  if she rushed straight to a referendum you would be hitting her even harder for not exploring the alternatives . 
  this is the right answer . 
  everyone else trying to give other reasons is just being sensationalist . 
  if bataclan had happened in berlin we 'd see the exact same reaction as we did for paris . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i already knew about the communities vs regions for the life of me i still cant really fully understand it . 
  it 's just so complicated . 
  by the way i first learned about it by watching [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlwhotpl9da ) video which seems quite good at visualising the complexity . 
  also what do you think about belgium staying as one country as opposed to splitting up ? 
  just how you were talking about how truly divided the two regions are , along with all the huge bureaucratic nightmare required to govern the whole country , it seems splitting would almost be the logical conclusion ? 
  although i understand there would be a lot of drama around what exactly to do with brussels . 
  i 'm well aware of the many reasons unionist redditors on here use to try and discredit literally anything the snp does . 
  the facts remain . 
  the snp had a manifesto that clearly stated brexit is a legitimate trigger for a second independence referendum . 
  they were elected on that manifesto . 
  they are now , very openly and transparently going along with what they said they would do if they were elected . 
  i am sorry scottish democracy seems to trouble you , but what troubles me far more is may 's secret brexit means brexit but do n't ask what brexit means charade .
