  to be fair , project fear is literally what the better together campaign called it 's tactics internally during the scottish referendum . 
  it became a political meme when it leaked out . 
  so it 's not at all excessive for the yes campaign to use that against them . 
  although it 's often an insult against the yes campaign that they 're all bravehearts , it can not be denied that they really did focus in on the issues and they wrote an extensive white paper which could be picked apart , they were nothing like the leave campaign which did virtually the opposite . 
  better together on the other hand blatantly tried to encourage an admittedly milder form of anti-intellectualism than leave . 
  [ just look at this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olaewtvmkau ) , it was the advert they chose to air as close to the referendum as allowed which is now better known as `` patronising better together woman '' . 
  it 's meaningless to try and argue with people who have it in their head that the eu has hyper-extensive membership legislation set in obsidian . 
  i literally have no idea how they get that in their heads . 
  the facts are , there is no eu legislation dealing with what happens when a member state breaks up , never mind if that happens all in the middle of brexit . 
  so the eu can do whatever the hell it wants with scotland , they can kick them out fully and make them reapply as if they 're a brand new country , they can * technically * kick them out but instantly accept re-membership or they can organise a continued membership with no break . 
  or any other flavour of that you can imagine . 
  it all depends on where the political will is , and i think scotland has more than endeared itself to the eu and has earned that political will . 
  not to mention that the common sense argument is to be accommodating to a country of eu citizens which has been in the eu for decades and overwhelmingly literally voted to remain in the eu and ( in this case ) voted to become independent in no small part to remain in the eu . 
  but you 'll never get that through to some people . 
   furthermore , a ` yes ' vote still results in scotland leaving the eu , with no basis to re-join in the short to medium term . 
  no it does n't . 
  an eu member state has n't broken up before , there is no precedent and absolutely no legislation that says scotland must be thrown out . 
  almost anything is possible in the eu with enough political will . 
  and there is certainly enough political will to give scotland a smooth transition , and it 's the common sense thing to do as well given that scotland has already been in the eu for decades . 
   a lot of what salmond was saying ie `` we 'll just keep the pound '' was in direct contradiction to the bank of england `` er , no you wo n't '' . 
  the bank of england did n't say that , they said they would implement whatever was agreed . 
  it was the uk political parties who rejected a currency union . 
  however , we all know how tunes can change once a referendum is over . 
  case in point , theresa may is now the leader of a government who prior to the eu referendum claimed brexit would mean an irish border and severely impaired trade but now claims the opposite . 
  what about the announcement/obituary section in small local newspapers ? 
  they have little announcements like on that board for normal people . 
   but soon somebody needs to remove uk . 
   in fact i am so much pro independence that i am still disappointed that you scots really fell for some empty phrases by the better together capaign . 
  thus my mixed feelings now . 
  this is what is snide and haughty . 
  talking about `` you scots '' falling for some `` empty phrases '' when you have shown yourself to not understand the full facts around the campaign . 
  you should n't talk down to scottish voters as if you know more than they did . 
  it says a lot when someone who campaigned for independence , like myself , can show more respect for no voters than someone completely uninvolved , like you . 
  the contradiction here is astounding . 
  at first you say ,  do you expect the eu to interfere with domestic politics in the uk and strengthen a separatist movement in a foreign souvereign country  who would have been next after the scots ? 
  the catalans maybe ? 
  or the bavarians ? 
  these were all arguments used by the no campaign to convince people that scotland would be given a hard time over eu membership if it gained independence . 
  that it would be dragged over the coals or even , at worst , excluded , to set an example to others like the catalans . 
  yet then you go on to say ,  the eu would have had a strong interest to protect the status of scottish and european people on both sides of the channel and keep the crucial relations in trade , education and research intact . 
  that is the completely opposite view that the yes campaign tried to promote . 
  you can not hold both at once . 
  as scotland got ** no direct messages of support ** from european powers , as you freely admit , it was so much easier for the no campaign to convince scots that their view was correct . 
  after all , if the eu was going to give scotland and easy time , why were n't they saying that ? 
  do n't expect scotland to trust in some divine `` nature of the eu '' when no one was showing support for scotland in 2014 . 
  when it 's the future of you 're nation you 're deciding you 're not going to hope that stony face merkel or hollande are actually secretly just waiting to welcome scotland with open arms . 
  you need assurances . 
  scotland got none , that is on europe 's head . 
  there is a reason in that speech that has been posted here a lot , where the scottish mep pleads with the parliament `` do n't let scotland down now '' . 
  he means it , because every single member of the independence campaign felt severely let down by the eu in 2014 . 
  you can not escape that . 
  oh please , you 're statement  remember september 18th 2014 ? 
  that was the moment for scotland to stand up for themselves , and take their own future into their own hands . 
  they did n't feel like this was the right thing to do . 
  as much as i feel sorry for them now , but it 's not like they did n't have the chance to get rid of downing street 10 . 
  was thinly veiled snide at best . 
  you were talking with derision about how scotland had * failed * to help themselves in 2014 , * failed * to stand up for themselves , as if it was the most obvious thing in the world . 
  i went to a lot of effort to explain why it was not the most obvious thing in the world to vote yes and actually , although i disagree with it , voting no was a perfectly reasonable and respectable position . 
  there was no failure . 
  you were being snide and harsh . 
  you can have an opinion that scotland should have voted yes , as i do , without being so haughty . 
  i 'm not saying it 's representative of the uk , i 'm saying how it has changed from being pretty rabidly anti-scottish independence to being much more respectful and understanding of the idea , while in this sub uk based posters still seem pretty broadly strongly opposed . 
  i 'm comparing two subs , not making a judgement on anything being representative of the actual uk . 
  and i can clarify , in 2014 english commenters on / r/uk were absolutely majority rabidly pro-british . 
  i would call them littler britlanders but that 's not really a thing , maybe it should be . 
  it was exhausting and frustrating trying to represent a pro-independence view on there at that time . 
  now i find i and others do n't get pelted with the same barrage of misinformation or just plain vitriol as before . 
  are you actually kidding me ? 
  scotland got absolutely no assurances from anyone who mattered in the eu that they would be given speedy entry into the union . 
  none at all . 
  david cameron pressed european leaders hard to make sure they avoided giving any encouragement to the yes side , and they by and large fell into line . 
  and when you 're deciding your nations future , i 'm afraid the feelings of / u/rarehero matter much less than the signals you are getting , or failing to get , from the likes of merkel or the other power players in europe . 
  so maybe instead of judging the scottish people so harshly , you should think about the shameful display from your own leaders who chose avoiding a fall out with the uk government over showing support for a potential independent scotland which desperately needed assurances or even just signs of support for it 's continued and uninterrupted eu membership . 
  so no , unfortunately in 2014 it was an entirely legitimate position to take to vote against independence if your number one priority was eu membership . 
  even as an independence campaigner i saw the possibility of scotland being , at least temporality , booted out of the eu for some years and having to go through a reapplication process as higher than a brexit vote . 
  but it was a risk i was willing to take as i thought even with that possible disruption it would be better in the long run . 
  i do not blame people for one minute for not wanting to take that risk . 
  and the sad truth is that risk could have been removed entirely by supportive statements from eu leaders . 
  we did not get that , and that is not the fault of the scottish people . 
   scotlands will was to be tied to whatever westminster wants . 
  the scottish referendum made that clear . 
  it is not so black and white . 
  better together in the independence campaign promised more powers for scotland . 
  do you know about the vow ? 
  the desperate attempt to avoid a yes vote ? 
  where gordon brown promised a near federal uk ? 
  or do you know about the millions of times david cameron tried to charm the electorate with talk of a family of nations ? 
  all of these highlighted the fact that the uk is not a unitary state . 
  it is made up of a collection of nations . 
  it is entirely reasonable to expect that the will of the individual nations is given real political weight on issues of such gravity as eu membership . 
  and , by the way , the scottish government has not even went so far as to demand a cancellation of brexit . 
  they have reached out repeatedly to westminster to find a compromise that achieves an exit from the eu while respecting that northern ireland and particularly scotland did not want an exit . 
  in effect , the compromise would be a soft brexit . 
  what will we actually have ? 
  all indications are pointing towards the harshest brexits possible , all so theresa may can avoid a coup in her own party . 
  nicola sturgeon has been very frank with how little respect scotland has been given , and how empty the promises of theresa may to include the nations in any brexit plan have been . 
  and you do n't even need to take her word , just look at wales , they do n't have a pro-independence government , far from it , yet you wont find a kind word from them about theresa may 's actions towards the nations in regards to brexit . 
  so if you will step away form the disingenuous black and white statement for just a second , you should understand that in 2014 scotland was not voting to tie itself to westminster unconditionally , but for a continued and indeed * significantly * further devolved family of nations . 
  the political reality in 2017 could not be further from that . 
   in fact i am so much pro independence that i am still disappointed that you scots really fell for some empty phrases by the better together capaign .
