  thus my mixed feelings now . 
  do n't tar everyone with the same brush . 
  it was a very difficult decision and although i think better together was not entirely respectable in it 's campaigning , i completely respect why people chose to vote no in 2014 . 
  do you even realise the speed of the rise of the snp and independence feeling in scotland ? 
  prior to 2007 absolutely no one thought the snp would * ever * be in power in scotland , so independence was for all intents and purposes impossible . 
  and support was very low in the polls anyway , only around 25 % . 
  in 2007 the snp won one seat more than labour , that is all . 
  it was a surprise win and they had the daunting task of proving themselves in government , prior to this scotland had been solidly labour in most forms for generations . 
  and they had to do all this with a public which was still clearly not in favour of independence , with independence being the defining characteristic of the snp . 
  and they had to do it as a minority government , because that 1 seat more than labour was not enough for an outright majority . 
  against the odds they managed to do this and get a shock majority in the 2011 elections on the back of gaining a reputation for efficient governance . 
  the majority government in 2011 was not meant to happen , they literally broke the system , it was designed specifically to avoid majority governments , ironically labour majorities . 
  the snp were now , finally , in the position to actually deliver an independence referendum . 
  the speed of the turnaround is just astounding and a 45 % result is incredibly respectable . 
  remember , just 7 years prior support for independence was so low it was disregardable , just 7 years ago scotland had known no other government than a labour one , and not just the parliament , councils and mp 's were almost entirely labour too . 
  so the yes campaign not only had this to deal with , but they had to compete against the status-quo at the tail end of the massive global recession . 
  can you even a harder time to ask people to take an economic risk ? 
  remember this was before the world went crazy , there was no trump or brexit . 
  the uk looked stable as could be and was tepidly recovering . 
  it is entirely understandable why some people believed independence was too big an economic risk at this fragile time . 
  so in summary , i hope you now understand the actual situation in scotland in 2014 . 
  people were not stupid , if anything they were cautious or even just unconvinced . 
  i do n't blame people for not switching life long unionist views over the course of 7 years . 
   but seeing how people are jumping to conclusions just to attack my position gives me a good impressions about how brits must feel these days . 
  no , i 'm attacking what you are saying because it is disingenuous . 
  i do n't care if you claim to support scottish independence or not . 
  the fact is by not fully understanding the facts but still taking it upon yourself to judge scotland so harshly you are doing the people a disservice . 
  i hope you will reconsider some of the things you have said . 
  that is not the case at all . 
  honestly , i do n't mean to be rude but please just read up on what the scottish government has been saying . 
  nicola sturgeon has ** at no point ** said brexit means independence . 
  she has said that a hard brexit means independence . 
  she has suggested that staying in the single market would avoid a second independence referendum , and this is not an insane suggestion , single market membership was promoted by plenty of leave advocates . 
  she has also made plenty of efforts to open dialogue with theresa may on creating a compromise , recognising that the uk is a family of nations and the nations certainly do n't agree when it comes to the eu . 
  a hard brexit and the concept of a family of nations are simply not compatible as it proves that when push comes to shove , downing street and westminster only view the idea of a `` family of nations '' as nothing more than a buzzword to use against the snp , it has no hard political capital . 
  the scottish government have made more efforts than anyone could reasonably expect of them to try and come to a compromise over the uk 's post-eu settlement . 
  they have been brushed off , along with the rest of the devolved nations . 
  just look at wales , they 've not got a pro-independence government but they also have not a kind word to say about how westminster has failed to involve them in any meaningful discussion . 
  if there is a second independence referendum it will be on theresa may 's head , not the scottish government 's . 
  that 's just a straight out lie . 
  the eu was a major pillar of the campaign . 
  that 's a very small minded position to take . 
  the better together campaign used an extraordinary level of scaremongering while promising a comforting status quo of economic stability and continued eu membership . 
  that is what scotland voted for . 
  instead scotland has been pulled out of the eu against it 's will and is strapped into theresa may 's wild ride where she is showing herself to be perfectly happy to tank the uk economy in negotiations with the eu if it prevents a coup attempt from extreme members of her party . 
  in 2014 it was , to many , a clear risk to go independent . 
  the uk was stable , part of the eu and pretty centrist if tory . 
  all of that has changed , for many the risk now is remaining in the uk . 
  it is entirely reasonable that people will have changed their mind considering the gravity of change that has happened over those years . 
  yes , this is the core of it . 
  people like comment op will argue against scottish independence because apparently it will be economically devastating . 
  these same arguments could be used against the independence of literally any european country . 
  they would oppose the break up of the soviet union , because the baltics for example were so economically linked to russia . 
  irish independence , because their economy was tied to the rest of the uk . 
  austria , because of very close links with germany . 
  it is impossible to get through to them . 
  europe is literally literred with small prosperous nations , they do not need to be part of the same nation state as their trading partners to get the economic benefit . 
  in fact the smaller eu nations have the highest quality of life and development . 
  but good luck ever trying to explain this to someone like comment op . 
  and unfortunately their base and over-simplified comments always get heftily up voted here . 
  they claim that they are opposing radical scottish nationalists , yet they 'll never explain to you what civic nationalism in scotland actually is , and by the way it is nothing like the blind and frightening nationalism they hope you assume it is . 
  the truth is these commenters are almost always little englanders who simply can not accept that scotland is a nation in it 's own right and would n't sink into the north sea in flames if it ever left the united kingdom . 
  and i say little englanders because that 's what they are , not out of derision . 
  if you look at / r/unitedkingdom now you 'll find that the little englanders are now finally in the minority . 
  there are plenty of english people there who since brexit no longer view the united kingdom as some infallible eternally perfect entity that scots must be braveheart-deluded insane to wish to leave . 
  but unfortunately the majority of british flagged commenters on / r/europe threads about scotland are still of the little englander variety , and i 'm not quite sure why . 
   b ) yes , but britain should control its own borders and maintain its currency and other economic autonomy . 
  that option is impossible , you ca n't remain in the eu without free movement of people . 
  i have no problem with more than one option in a referendum where it is suitable however . 
  although i do n't really think the problem with brexit is the referendum itself . 
  in normal times the leave camp would never have got close to winning , what with their entire lack of a plan . 
  it is the hyper-polarised post-truth situation we have at the moment that has caused this . 
  any amount of tinkering would n't get over that . 
  i do n't think this is a good idea in general . 
  sure it would be nice in cases like brexit , but overall it would always severely damage any side arguing against the status-quo . 
  it would be so easy for the status-quo to flood the news with scary stories after a first round loss to force enough of the public into fear induced buyers remorse so they return to the comfort of the status-quo the second time round . 
   europeans will never understand the nature of the uk :( i think you 're the one not understanding the nature of the uk here , / u/smug-face is n't saying anything incorrect . 
  scotland is a nation in a family of nations . 
  it is perhaps the most `` independence-eligible '' devolved area of a country anywhere in the world in that it is recognised explicitly as a nation and not a region as you are suggesting . 
  it 's very possible . 
  despite what a lot of pro-uk people on reddit will say , there is very little unrelated `` populism '' in scotland for independence . 
  by that i mean , trump road a wave of anti-globalism anti-establishment populism and xenophobia . 
  brexit did the same really . 
  that wave does n't exist in scotland . 
  the closest thing you could argue is people voting for independence because they hate the tories and that 's that ; anything to stick it to the tories . 
  and sure that exists , but the single issue anti-tory voters are n't huge and really it does n't fit my idea of populism considering the conservatives have been the smallest party in scotland for , well , an extremely long time . 
  so independence can not come as an impulsive , screw everything else wave of populism . 
  the pro-independence side has to do it the good old fashioned way like before the world exploded recently and convince people their argument is better on it 's merits . 
  that 's really had to do for a big , huge , scary non-status-quo change . 
  and there 's been a lot of big scary change recently . 
  i think the pro-uk side has a huge advantage by being one of the few status-quo 's that is n't threatened by the crazy irrational populism we 've been seeing all over the place . 
  in fact , in a round about way the pro-independence side 's best hope is to try and convince people that the uk is now corrupted by this crazy populism and that scotland should get out of that mess . 
  he 's just speaking the facts ? 
  he is n't suggesting that the people of scotland were at all denied democratic representation , but that scotland as a `` nation '' entity within a union of nations was . 
  the facts are that scotland status as a `` nation '' of the uk had virtually no political status in the uk until the 1990s . 
  that is simply a reality , a shocking one really considering as a `` nation '' in a union scotland had much , much less political devolution than other countries comprising of `` states '' , even those based on our political system like canada and australia . 
  i 've come up against this argument a lot . 
  basically i do n't disagree , scotland is now ( extremely recently in political terms ) very highly devolved overall . 
  however , that 's not enough for a lot of people . 
  scotland is markedly different politically from england on issues that are n't devolved , like trident and brexit just to name two very recent examples .
