  i would n't have any issues with entering the euro although i know it 's almost a dirty word in the uk . 
  also there would n't be border controls . 
  i know you 're going to say schengen , schengen , schengen but i still ca n't for the life of me understand why people for the sake of their argument just ignore the fact the eu is full of asterisks . 
  scotland would be a prime candidate for an opt-out from schengen due to the fact forcing it to join would have almost entirely only one consequence and that would be to create a border within the eu where previously there was none which is precisely the opposite of the goal of the schengen area . 
  even failing that scotland could simply remain in the grey area of being obliged to join but never actually joining , like with sweden and the euro . 
  edit : nice to see downvoting of some facts , i really hope this does n't set the tone for the coming referendum . 
  if you want to take a reasonably big detour the fringe festival is going on in edinburgh right now , it 's pretty much exactly what you are looking for but admittedly very out of the way . 
  good luck to catalonia . 
  i feel sorry madrid has n't let them have a proper referendum as is clearly warranted , hopefully the peoples voice will be heard one way or another . 
  however , on the flip side if the uk votes to leave it 's almost certain scotland will have voted to stay and it will trigger a second independence referendum that will have a good chance of being won . 
  having an independent scotland in the eu is one of my aspirations so the silver lining would be a shortcut to that , but i think it would be better for everyone if the uk remained in the eu . 
  oh i see , there is some truth to it though because british rail really was n't a shining beacon for nationalisation to say the least . 
  it 's an important point that nationalisation can be done much better . 
  no , nationalisation can work . 
  the east coast mainline was taken over by the government when no one wanted the franchise , they turned it into one of the best lines for customer satisfaction and actually turned a profit meaning it was giving money back to taxpayers . 
  of course when the franchise was up for renewal there was no shortage of private operators wanting that profit for their shareholders instead and so it 's now back in private hands . 
  it 's ridiculous , the taxpayer will pick up the slack when the private sector fails but the second it turns around and starts to give the state a return on it 's investment , it has to go . 
  i understand it just looked like you were taking that outsiders impression . 
   from the stuff i remember j.k rowling receiving it seemed pretty anti-english . 
  also used to read / r/scotland and it was pretty eye-opening . 
  i contributed to / r/uk and it was also pretty eye opening , there was a serious amount of often just utter contempt for anyone taking a pro-independence point of view . 
  luckily i know the difference between some redditors on a subreddit named after a country and the country itself . 
   true but one of the recurring themes i see around scottish independence is that the english are keeping the scottish down . 
  then there is a difference between what you see and the reality . 
  i 'm not going to again clarify that sample size is important but having lived through the referendum neither side turned as petty or dirty as some of the uk wide media , it was a very civilised referendum where the core arguments were very complicated and serious , the economy was the fundamental bedrock of the debate with intricacies of currency and debt structuring taking centre stage as things really heated up . 
  it was definitely not a bunch of bravehearts versus queen and country loyalists like some people still just assume it must have been . 
   did n't downvote but ok . well there was a maximum of 60 seconds between me posting the comment and you replying to it , someone must have been very quick to find and read whole comment stream and downvote in that amount of time but i 'll take your word for it . 
  it 's not about being `` rid of the english '' . 
  this is the last subreddit where people should be ignorant of the fact that independent countries can have great relations . 
  and thanks for the downvote by the way . 
  no you do n't have the right timeline . 
  the smith commission was in the wake of the independence referendum , however , it did not live up to virtual `` home rule '' promised in * the vow * . 
  the snp 's landslide victory in the ge was on the basis of beefing up the smith commission , essentially holding the uk government to it 's promise . 
  on election night there were promising noises with even boris johnson talking about needing to think seriously about the structure of the country and lots of mentions of federalism , but as it turns out there has been absolutely no beefing up of the commission as a result of ge which is exactly what being ignored is . 
  there simply is not the infrastructure for that , also it would be insanely expensive . 
  you have to book driving tests month in advance as it is and they are n't cheap , what on earth will it be like with 1/3rd of the driving population at any one time trying to do the same on top of that . 
  there has been one referendum and now the snp has changed it 's policy to hold another one if there is a `` material change '' , aka if public opinion shifts to make a yes vote likely . 
  that 's a world away from calling referendums willy-nilly . 
  another referendum will only happen when there is a `` material change '' . 
  this essentially means a change which would make a referendum worthwhile because people would vote yes . 
  essentially there wo n't be a referendum until there is a fairly good chance there would be a yes vote . 
  if by ongoing you mean just taking time then yes . 
  the landmark scottish general election results however have not altered the commission one bit despite early indications from senior conservatives that they would be open to doing that . 
  it is insane , a party that 's primary manifesto goal was more devolution annihilated all other contenders in almost every seat , producing mind blowing swings and cutting the three remaining non-snp seats down to wafer thin majorities and yet * still * the uk government does n't heed what the scottish people voted for . 
  it sort of takes the wind of the sails of anyone who says that scotland is listened to in westminster when the snp pull a historic probably never to be repeated landslide out of the bag and still are n't even given the time of day . 
  it seems scotland is listened to only when it coincidently votes for the government of the day . 
  never look at the comments of any newspaper article , they are a million percent unreliable when it comes to judging public attitudes . 
  most regular commenters tend to be farage on an overdose of right wing steroids . 
  that 's true . 
  i really hate that other than from the liberal democrats ( who have started being much quieter about their pro-eu views ) there is absolutely no sense of european solidarity in british politics . 
  it 's all seen through a lense of what do we get out of being in the eu , as if we 're an angel investor who only cares about his dividend . 
  in the uk it 's not uncommon to tip taxi drivers though it 's mostly in the form of telling them to keep the change if all you 'd get back from a note is a few coins . 
  they 're not beating them up , as other people have said they 're trying to stop the woman from running away before the police can arrive . 
  that is the exact opposite of vigilante justice . 
  suppose it makes sense given that demand for these will be all year round whereas tourist destinations are very seasonal . 
  the concept of compromise is not new to people , nor is the concept of a red line . 
  a red line means it 's something you wo n't compromise on , that 's what they turned tuition fees into . 
  if your red lines are worthless you may as well just toss a coin to predict what the liberal democrats will push for in negotiations , it 's not a trivial thing and is even more essential in british politics where the parties are all fighting for the centre ground , it makes individual issues ( and their red lines ) of paramount importance . 
  not at all , most people still want to be able to trust politicians and political parties , it 's what they lib dems based their entire campaign on as i 've already explained . 
  and i think it 's a completely valid stance , it 's basically the only reason the lib dems actually exist ironically enough . 
  there are plenty of members of labour and the conservatives who are centrist like the lib dems , the real difference is the lib dems are that third party , something different , they are supposed to be the ones you can trust . 
  it 's only silly if you do n't have self respect as a voter . 
  voters respond to political parties who they feel keep their promises and are trustworthy , it 's the basis of the snp 's massive support in scotland . 
  the lib dems tried to capitalise on it and shot themselves in the foot . 
  it 's actually much more important for the lib dems to come across as trustworthy than labour or the conservatives , voters need to know what the red-lines are for the lib dems in any coalition deal , tutiton fees was made out as a red line and they crossed it , that makes them essentially useless . 
  the lib dems will need to reinvent themselves , and i hope they do , but blaming the voters is not how it should be done . 
  the lib dems messed up and deserve everything they get in the coming election , i just hope they can rescue themselves before the next one . 
  no , not at all . 
  the lib dems did n't campaign honestly , they were stuck in the past , still campaigning like they did when they knew they 'd never have any influence . 
  so instead of saying they 'd do their best to get what they could out of a coalition , they based their entire campaign on being an alternative to `` broken promises '' of the other parties . 
  yes , a party which could only possibly go into a coalition , meaning they would have to break some pledges , decided to convince people to vote for them by highlighting the pledges the other parties backtracked on previously and saying they 'd never do that . 
  [ see here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtlr8r9jxz4 ) . 
  that was their party election broadcast . 
  titled `` say goodbye to broken promises '' , and the very first frame is ridiculing labour for backtracking on their promise not to have tuition fees . 
  and that is what tuition fees became , their central most publicised pledge because they were the only ones promising it and it played extremely well with the voters they hoped to convert . 
  we really would n't be seeing the same magnitude of fallout from the lib dems if it was n't for how they campaigned . 
  you ca n't campaign as the most trustworthy promise keeping guy , promise to vote against any rise in tuition fees ( no questions asked ) then break that promise and expect people not to react . 
  it 's a shame because i think the lib dems are generally not a bad party , but you ca n't blame the voters for abandoning them when they were betrayed so blatantly . 
  a party ca n't put itself on the moral high-ground the size of mount everest and expect an easy decent when they push themselves off it . 
  edit : found this too , the national union of students asked all candidates before the election to sign a pledge that they would vote against any increase in fees , the liberal democrats happily made all their candidates sign it and turned it into a [ publicity stunt ] ( http://blogs.independent.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/nick-clegg-tuition-fees-pledge500x700.jpg ) , i guess that bit of paper was flying around just out of frame in their party election broadcast . 
  i can just imagine this on a ukip poster . 
  during the last days of the referendum campaign scottish voters were promised `` home rule '' and `` near federalism '' . 
  well a fundamental part of federalism is that the component parts have a lot of authority , regardless of their size . 
  like in australia where a majority of states have to vote through any constitutional changes as well as a majority of voters , translated into the uk a majority would be 3/4 , essentially giving a veto . 
  i also do n't think it 's the best way to run a country , which is why i support independence . 
  but the issue still stands that scotland was promised ** a lot ** to remain part of the uk , and now what we 're seeing is a rather predictable backtrack and horror from westminster when the snp ( who they all thought would be decimated after a no-vote ) is using it 's popular mandate to try and force them to make good on those many promises . 
  of course it 's very unlikely to work , but the argument has to be made , the snp wont let westminster get away with backtracking on the very vague and wide ranging promises they made during the campaign without any blowback . 
  i love this part  without her rent-a-guinea pig service , the owner would have to purchase a new , probably younger guinea pig as a companion to the ageing survivor , whose eventual death would force the purchase of yet another guinea pig , locking the owner into an endless cycle of guinea pig purchases in order to adhere to swiss law -- even though he or she may only ever have wanted one guinea pig in the first place . 
  i can just imagine some poor swiss person being pushed over the edge by the curse of eternal guinea pigs . 
  he will never become prime minister . 
  literally all the conservatives need to do is ask him about the falklands in a debate or televised event . 
  he wants to negotiate with the argentinians over sovereignty and he wo n't change that view to stand even a feeble chance at being elected because he 's very old radical labour left . 
  remember the uk has a sort of credible third option for people who could never bring themselves to vote conservative , people will either vote conservative or lib dem over labour . 
  yeah , i mean the eurozone still is n't nearly perfect but i think it 's here to stay bar any major disaster . 
  i think people really underestimate the effect it would have on business to suddenly have 19 different currencies after so long with just one , no one is going to but you 're definitely right with public perception , i mean from my experience the uk was always going to be the most difficult member to persuade and it was sort of close in the early 2000 's but now it 's just seen as an impossibility not to mention , perhaps more significantly , the shedload of toxic politics that have attached to it since then . 
  the uk joining the euro would be one of the biggest turnarounds . 
  yeah i mean even in scotland which is known as being the most euro-positive part of the uk and the risk of loosing automatic eu membership was a big part of the independence debate . 
  even then the independence camp did not entertain the idea of promoting the euro as a currency option when it was pretty much the most sensible suggestion with the uk playing mean over the pound and creating a scottish currency being a bit out-there , it was just too politically poisonous to adopt even though i 'm sure privately a lot of independence politicians wanted it . 
  i do n't disagree with monetary union but i think it 's become very clear that those countries simply wo n't be pressured to join the euro , it would be utter political suicide for anyone to do it without public approval which is an extremely long way off . 
  the examples you 've listed are rare examples of being literally able to buy citizenship , usually by investment , in countries where you are not otherwise eligible .
