   the snp had actualy promised not to seek one until there was a large support for it . 
  no , in their manifesto they promised to seek one if there was a material change of circumstance , with brexit specifically outlined as a matieral change of circumstance . 
  that has happened . 
   sturgeon is asking the scots to make an unfair choice because they do n't know the outcome of brexit yet . 
  the window sturgeon has given for the referendum would mean the vote would happen when the brexit deal ( or lack thereof ) was clear . 
  she 's not calling for an instant referendum . 
  thats some major selective facts . 
  the snp lost their overall majority * because * of the multi-member mixed voting system . 
  majorities are not supposed to happen . 
  the snp only had a majority last time because their vote was spread in a `` stars aligned '' way , to get them the maximum seats from both the constituency and list votes . 
  this time round that perfect balance was not there , although the snps actual hard vote hardly changed , they narrowly lost their majority in seats . 
  you are also missing the point that the snps current showing in the scottish parliament is astounding . 
  labour never matched it during their previous monopoly in the scottish parliament - they never had a majority at all and never even had as many seats as the snp have now . 
  the snps result in the scottish parliament is a landslide , what 's even more impressive is that it is a landslide after 10 years of government , that is what you call defying the odds . 
  also throw in the fact that the snp are predicted to dominate the upcoming local elections and strip labour of the last vestiges of power they have , the councils . 
  really ? 
  incredibly ironically this sub has a noticeable anti-independence slant if you look through all the comments . 
  i swear now / r/uk has suddenly turned almost pro-independence all of the really anti-independence brits have packed their bags and ended up here . 
  it 's very strange . 
  well it 's up to them , but with respect there are n't illegal immigrants camped outside ports in italy or greece hoping to get to malta or cyprus so they are not faced with the same problem of breaking with the spirit of schengen by permanently introducing what schengen intends to be temporary border checks . 
  so i can imagine that for them there 's really no harm in joining schengen and it 's perhaps not worth picking a fight with the eu for given that the eu is quite keen for schengen to be universal . 
  but i 'd still hold that it provides no real benefit for them , unless say italy or greece used to be unnecessarily thorough and slow on border checks on ferries arriving from cyprus or malta , in which case speeding up that process would be a benefit . 
  but that 's not the case between britain and france or the netherlands , so again , no benefit there . 
  is n't that a perfectly valid reason not to join ? 
  as it stands the uk can choose for itself where to implement border controls . 
  in schengen the uk would only really be allowed to implement temporary border controls . 
  so it gives the uk nothing but a technical restriction on its border checking ability . 
  was the uk supposed to be enthusiastic about * gaining * a technical restriction on its border checking ability ? 
  i 'm really all for european integration , and i think schengen makes perfect sense on the continent , but i can completely understand why the uk did n't see the benefit in it , because , well , there does n't seem to be any benefit in it for an island nation . 
  if you squint your eyes enough and stand up close to the tv you can just see the little union jack next to the number 1 on the scoreboard . 
  yes you can check immigration status with the introduction of temporary border checks , but in the spirit of schengen they are supposed to be temporary . 
  why would the uk join schengen only to turn around and permanently introduce * temporary * border checks ? 
  the fact is , joining schengen does not increase ease of travel for people in the uk to europe , all it does is technically limit what checks uk border staff can perform on intra-schengen travelers . 
  i can understand why that was not appealing . 
  the information i 'm reading , which is on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area ) but looks well referenced , seems to say differently though . 
   for flights within the schengen area ( either between schengen member states or within the same schengen member state ) , law enforcement agencies , airport authorities and air carriers are only permitted to carry out security checks on passengers and may not carry out border checks . 
  [ 92 ] [ 93 ] such security checks can be conducted through the verification of the passenger 's passport or national identity card : [ 94 ] [ 95 ] such a practice must only be used to verify the passenger 's identity ( for commercial or transport security reasons ) and not his or her immigration status . 
  [ 93 ] for this reason , law enforcement agencies , airport authorities and air carriers can not require air passengers flying within the schengen area who are third-country nationals to prove the legality of their stay by showing a valid visa or residence permit . 
  no thats the point , the british staff would not be legally entitled to check for a visa . 
  even if they flicked through and noticed that there was no visa , they would n't be able to follow up on it , the holder could say that the visa is in their other passport - i 'm not sure that they 'd even be allowed to ask the question without technically breaching schengen . 
  or the holder could be travelling on an accepted national id card instead of a passport , and that would also be fine . 
  so , again , this means anyone in the calais jungle that has a valid passport or accepted national id card ( i 'm not sure what id cards the uk accepts ) , could travel to the uk , and the uk would not be allowed to check for a visa . 
  that 's the difference between a security check and a border check , which is exactly what schengen differentiates between . 
  security checks intra-schengen are fine at airports and ports , border checks are n't . 
  you can confirm * identity * , not immigration status . 
  no it would be scared of non-eu citizens travelling to the uk * without * schengen visas . 
  it means anyone with a valid identity document in say the calais jungle could hop on a ferry to the uk and the british border staff at the other end would n't legally be allowed to check their immigration status at all . 
  yes , but this would also mean that if someone took a ferry from france to the uk on say a turkish passport , as long as the turkish passport was n't fake , british border staff would n't legally be allowed to check for themselves if that person was actually legally entitled to be in the schengen area in the first place . 
  they 're only allowed to confirm the person 's identity , not their immigration status . 
  they would just have to trust that whatever country did the entry check did it properly , and also trust that the person did n't illegally slip into the schengen area without going through an entry check . 
  i do n't think i understand your question ? 
  it would change nothing for tourists . 
  what i 'm saying is the only practical difference if the uk joined schengen would be that uk airport or port staff would be unable to legally check the immigration status of someone arriving in a plane or ferry from any schengen country . 
  that 's giving something up for no tangible benefit . 
  the equation is completely different with land borders though where border checkpoints are both annoying and ineffective as they can be bypassed easily . 
  i think calais and immigration in general is the whole point . 
  from what i can gather from googling , between schengen countries you are allowed to do * security * checks when travelling by air or ferry , so asking people to be able to prove their identity with say a passport or id card , but you are n't allowed to do * border * checks , for example verifying their immigration status . 
  so that means anyone with a valid passport could take a ferry from france to the uk without the uk legally being able to verify that they are actually legally allowed to be there . 
  that would make it a whole lot easier for illegal immigrants who have already made it into the continent to then cross to the uk . 
  so i can understand why islands may not wish to join schengen . 
  the only change would be limiting checks at airports and ports to being purely security checks for intra-schengen travel rather than full border checks . 
  so really tying one hand behind their back for no real gain . 
  it does make sense on land borders though , and to be fair the uk has it 's own mini-schengen on it 's land border with ireland ( though brexit may destroy it ) . 
  my understanding is that you would n't have proper border checks on say ferries from france to the uk if the uk joined schengen . 
  i think the point of view was that britain would be giving up more by entering schengen than most other eu countries due to island-ness . 
  there would n't really be any increase in convenience for the uk , since almost all of the travel is done by air which has it 's own security . 
  so no annoying border queues or checks to do away with , no real benefits there . 
  but the uk would have been giving up a deal of security . 
  while border checkpoints at land borders within the eu , in the absence of walls or fences , have never really stopped anyone travelling illegally from country to country as they can just walk around them if they really wanted to , the uk being an island really can use border checks as a way to effectively manage who gets into the country . 
   in no reality will scotland maintain eu membership . 
  a relatively quick entry process sure , 2 or 3 years perhaps , but not continuous membership . 
  the ruk would be the inheritor state so to speak in terms of legal membership of various international bodies while scotland would start fresh . 
  i wont repeat myself . 
   the eu can do whatever it wants to scotland , it 's a unqiue situation that has never happened before . 
  but the facts are , anyone who says that there is some obsidian piece of legislation lying around that says scotland must be put through a thorough application process that must last at least x years is either misinformed or lying . 
  as for spain this is a great litmus test for people who do n't know as much about the issue as they think they do . 
  the second one being scotland would be forced into the euro . 
  back to spain though , spain has said they have a problem with unilateral declarations of independence , which is what catalonia would have to do as long as spain denies them a binding referendum . 
  scotland becoming independent through a referendum agreed with westminster is not unilateral independence . 
  and no spain also does n't need to be mean to scotland to send a message to catalonia , regardless of what happens with scotland , spain will still be an eu member should catalonia make a bid for independence , and so they are free to be as mean as they want or even block catalonia 's accession come what may . 
  this is actually very important for spain 's rather fragile optics . 
  their whole claim to legitimacy for blocking catalonian independence is that it is illegal under spanish law , that is why they have to talk about being fine with scotland becoming independent in accordance with british law , because otherwise any legitimacy shatters and people might start looking a little closer at how spain is acting with catalonia and they would * much * rather that was shoved under the biggest rug possible and smothered quietly . 
  turning scotland into a quasi-eu martyr for independence movements would absolutely not achieve that . 
   anything is possible in the eu if you 're willing to consider treaty change , but treaty change is a very slow process that includes referenda in a handful of member states . 
  ireland in particular comes to mind . 
  why on earth would it require treaty change ? 
  if all eu member states agree then anything can be done with scotland , no need to touch any treaties . 
  this would be a council of minister 's issue , not a treaty change which requires referendum in several countries as you said . 
  so the only roadblock with any truth in it is that any one eu member government could theoretically block any plan or even block scotland all together . 
  however , is that likely ? 
  lots of people like to bring up spain at this point , but spain has made clear they only have issues with countries who unilaterally declare independence , which would not be the case for scotland . 
  and no , spain does n't need to be harsh on scotland in the eu to scare catalonia either , spain only has to promise to be harsh on catalonia considering spain would continue to be an eu member should catalonia ever somehow gain independence and would be free to block them or be as mean as they want at that point . 
   assuming that ` enough political will ' means throwing out all the requirements for entry ( not least the euro ) that have been and are currently being applied to applicant nations . 
  good thing scotland is n't a newly applying country with no history of eu membership then . 
  i honestly think we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  the eu can do whatever it wants to scotland , it 's a unqiue situation that has never happened before . 
  but the facts are , anyone who says that there is some obsidian piece of legislation lying around that says scotland must be put through a thorough application process that must last at least x years is either misinformed or lying . 
  you 're not saying that , thankfully , though plenty of others will . 
  however , i still think anyone who believes the eu will make scotland 's continued eu membership anything other than , well , continuous is just wrong , we look at the issue in entirely different ways . 
  mark carney did n't like the idea , but he has no power to block it , it was not an issue he could decide and plenty of times during the referendum he would qualify his statements with saying they would implement whatever was agreed .
