how is 50k small ? 
  anfield is 45 500 ~ stanford bridge is 41 000 , so is new juventus stadium just some examples, 
  he doesnt, 
  good thing you posted context below , from this post it sounds like you were randomly attacked , when in fact it was hooliganism before/after football ( which is obviously not good either ), 
   yes , it was planned on false grounds , srebrinca . 
  that never happened nor was it the primary motivation for the bombing campaign . 
   that was n't the reason for 1999 bombings at all, 
  you do n't even belong to / r/europe :d, 
  i meant in a way that they do n't yell genocide !, 
  every time someone from germany says something, 
  its ok my friend, 
  nato good serbia bad, 
  what does that have to do with 1999 ? 
  maybe we 're just tired of being the designated villain ? 
  people forgot about nazi germany and now they 're head of eu , when can we expect the same ? 
  how can a german speak about any form of butthurt in war is way beyond me, 
  it 's srebrenica , and i know you people love to yell it every time serbians demand some sympathy but this had nothing to do with it, 
  i wonder how you got 18 upvotes , anyone with at least a bit of knowledge of the subject would know that your sensationalism bullshit is that . . bullshit also your views are so black and white , i honestly hope you 're not older than 18 . 
  i 'm not talking about domestic wars , i 'm speaking globally , like iraq , afghanistan , lybia etc. . also what does romania has to do with it , he 's from belgium ? 
  err how old are you ? 
  plenty of wars in my life time , and i 'm only 21, 
  why do they have magazines out of the rifles ? 
  haha what makes you think i have n't experienced different cultures ? 
  my family is really diverse ( in religious and cultural way ) and i like to think that i know what i 'm talking about , but okay, 
  i 'd argue that a muslim family in albania is not the same culture as my family in belgrade, 
  maybe the bulgarians could do with some history lessons then, 
  there are really different cultures between those countries you went to , and you ca n't just put them all in the same `` the balkans '' post like you did, 
  red croats what, 
  where the hell have you been ? 
   only we , the subscribers of r/europe , should decide what content is worth of frontpage with upvote and downvote button . 
  what , no , what do you think mods are there for ? 
  now you can act smug again right, 
  lol, 
  i 'm sorry i stopped reading after your smug replies to op and constant use of `` slippery slope fallacy '' which you probably picked up here on reddit , because i see it all the time in use by people who want to sound smarter than they are ( and you certainly sound like you try hard ), 
  i 'm sorry but by your logic we should all ban junk/fast food because it too harms our body , and can lead to obesity , and other related stuff . .  what happens to you ripples out an affects your family , your friends , your community , your country , and the ** world ** . 
  cmon . . 
  is there a joke here somewhere, 
   by really tall mountains did you ? 
  that it 's actually in europe , at least part of it , unlike israel, 
  but it 's in every possible european competition/sport etc, 
  dont , he will steal your red audi, 
   this whole subreddit is an eu-circlejerk . 
  look at where you are, 
  yes, 
  thanks for translating that , i had no idea it was denmark !, 
  in serbia we spell it chechenia , with an extra `` e '' , just a not so funny fact, 
  no one is saying anything about ex-ussr republics , like turkmenistan or moldova , but i really think they should know better than to mix sweden with switzerland or czech republic with chechnya, 
  where does it say that ? 
  you win this time, 
  yes also its spring now so fuck your winter, 
  the text is horrible , my neck is sore, 
  i mainly go for the comments to rage or laugh at , but i why do n't you believe ? 
  they 're not really a tabloid paper or anything , and i never had problems with them, 
  us serbs call it pashteta , \u043f\u0430\u0448\u0442\u0435\u0442a, 
  haha, 
  but it is . . 
  dude , cmon , two different languages really ? 
  major differences ? 
  anyone from serbia can understand croatian , and vice versa . . you might want to take a look here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian_language, 
   major differences like what, 
  i did nothing to the jews, 
  reasons ? 
  i hate when people do shit like this , `` oh just dont go there , and i wo n't say why '', 
  so many x 's, 
  i do n't know if i 'm imagining , but theres many romanian footballers in italy , this is a long shot but could language be a reason ? 
  ye when we think accents we 're most likely thinking about russian english or french english one , never occurred to me that there 's spanish in french accent etc, 
  you ca n't outrefuge the master refugees, 
  * shudder *, 
  please , we 're not northern ireland, 
  i do n't remember us killing 6 million jews , but you might aswell add that to `` list of shit serbia did '' at this point, 
  lol this is gold, 
  same, 
  sound like america is bad amirite ? 
  * death to america *, 
  ... because it 's the same religion lol , i do n't see your point , they 've been saying that for centuries now , surely you noticed, 
   if you ca n't understand why a person who celebrates war criminals should n't moderate a place like / r/europe [ 1 ] i really ca n't help you . 
  i do n't see where you got that from . 
  i agree he do n't need to be a mod but you should n't be insulted over every comment here , especially the one you picked given it 's not even remotely offensive as you made it be, 
  fair enough , i just do n't like when people are proud of their ignorance on stuff like geography and history, 
   on the world you 're in europe , you 're at least expected to have a basic grasp on where every country in europe is . . 
  it 's considered common knowledge at least here . 
  we were required to know in school anyway, 
  you 're looking for something to be insulted with too hard there m8 also playing into the victim card too much . . 
  i 'm sure you 're not the only one who experienced war and we ca n't all watch what we 're talking about just so you do n't feel insulted, 
  what, 
  i did n't know someone could like a flag so much, 
  hope you 're joking lol, 
  dude you 've come to / r/europe to preach how france was shit and usa and allies had to save them . 
  you think people are not aware or what ? 
  you 're basically talking to yourself , no one is denying you . 
  i just do n't see the point in bringing it up . 
  how did he predict it again ? 
  by saying it 's a hell hole ? 
  `` haha the absolute madman actually did it , stupid americans laughting stock of the world haha '' * posted on twitter from my bomb shelter *, 
  it does n't offend me , i 'm not even french , it was a joke regardless anyway you 're the typical american guy going `` hurr america saved you bro '' and i fucking could n't care less what 's your opinion on france in ww2 and the stereotype ( which only americans are prone too , btw ) that they 're cowards, 
  get the fuck out, 
  sure, 
  come with me to this dark alleyway for a second, 
  it actually was `` flair checks out '' but he edited it lol, 
  what a stupid bullshit argument .
