  according to wikipedia we already have one of the largest roma populations in the world , at around a million . 
  they must have assimilated well because most americans ( including myself ) were n't even aware of this . 
  porn is n't even legal in south korea . 
  op 's statement is pretty retarded and highlights a lot of the insular thinking around here . 
  again , he was n't arrested for recruiting for isis or making threats . 
  he was arrested for `` encouraging support for a proscribed terrorist organization '' which is a crime under section 12 of the terrorism act of 2000 . 
  as long as you 're not giving `` material support '' which means things like money and expert advice and assistance it 's not a crime in the us . 
  which , ironically , only became illegal when the patriot act was passed under the bush admin . 
  which i imagine most europeans on this sub hate . 
  he was n't arrested for threats , he was arrested for encouraging support for a proscribed terrorist organization which is a crime in britain . 
  choudary 's speech would be protected under the 1st amendment in this particular case if it happened in the us . 
  worldnews thread is saying belgian police confirmed he 's died from his injuries . 
  the thing is , there are also plenty of videos online of white people being unjustifiably shot by police here in the us too . 
  here are just a couple of examples : ( slightly disturbing content ) http://www.ksat.com/news/ksatcom-exclusive-unedited-video-of-fatal-deputy-involved-shooting https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgaa7e6icx0 you do n't hear about these cases as much of course because , a. ), 
  people do n't burn down and loot entire cities when they happen to white people and , b. ), 
  the media ca n't spin these shootings into their favorite race-baiting narratives america does n't have a `` cops killing black people '' problem , it has a `` cops killing people '' problem . 
  and you do n't even have to base this all on anecdotal evidence , [ a recent harvard study ] ( http://www.nber.org/papers/w22399 ) agrees with this assessment too . 
  i do n't think people got your joke . 
  author of this article is a brit who lives in spain . 
  feel free to make your own war games m8, 
  we do n't have hate speech laws, 
  jean grey from the x-men movies is dutch . 
  the belgium one is probably my favorite , the use of the flag is so creative, 
  america at the center of everything , just as god intended it to be . 
  seceding from the union is unconstitutional . 
  washington dc would n't `` dissuade '' them , they 'd send in the army . 
  you ca n't vote yourself out of the us , we 're not europe . 
  meh , i do n't really buy that . 
  japan still has the death penalty and it 's literally the safest country in the world . 
   polish moon camps, 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ip.jrn.artc.sc?locations=us the us is at around 130 articles per 100,000 people . 
  mh17 was n't terrorism , russian separatists mistook it for a ukrainian military plane . 
  they were n't trying to purposefully kill civilians . 
  it 's closer to grossly negligent homicide or something like that if you really want to label it . 
  not that it makes the loss of life any less tragic of course . 
  i know what you 're trying to imply but despite the scare quotes , ivanka trump is indeed , religiously jewish . 
  lol to think if ivanka won she 'd end up being america 's first jewish female president . 
  just imagine all the heads exploding from all our liberal diversity pundits trying to rationalize that, 
  does n't seem to be stopping ethiopia . 
  unless i 'm mistaken i believe most ubi models have a minimum age associated with it . 
  otherwise not only does it become prohibitively expensive but a magnet for illegal immigration . 
  interestingly when i lived in alaska we had something similar to a ubi which was the pfd ( permanent fund dividend ) where every year the state government would hand out ~ $ 1000 to every alaskan adult who had been a resident for at least a year . 
  i know i certainly appreciated that extra little guaranteed income . 
  it 's just the abbreviation for universal basic income . 
  i should have noted that the ubi payments in murray 's caculations only start occuring once you reach 21 years old . 
  i ca n't speak for europe but in the us our welfare system is incredibly inefficient . 
  we spend over $ 2 trillion annually on entitlement programs and we still have millions living in poverty without access to affordable healthcare . 
  a lot of money is wasted between middle men and beaucracy . 
  charles murray who is a libertarian political scientist here in the us and proponent of ubi calculated that if we dumped the welfare state and just gave everyone $ 800 every month ( along with health insurance ) we 'd actually save around $ 100 billion a year . 
  it 's definately an interesting thing to think about . 
  midwestern universities generally have highly competitve agriculture departments . 
  russia is usually the only interesting one because it 's actually large enough . 
  yea , they do n't even have ps4 's . 
  it 's basically auschwitz . 
  35 is the score , not the ranking . 
  there are 20 countries ahead of the us . 
  you could make the same argument for a whole host of european countries . 
  hell , spain was a dictatorship up until the 70 's . 
  yet when you guys proclaim `` muh european values '' i doubt you 're leaving spain out of the club . 
  ... and japan , south korea , and taiwan . 
  conveniently left those out of course . 
   we could actually talk about culture once we adjust for age , poverty and other stuff . 
  why do we have to pretend that culture and poverty are these independent variables that have nothing to do with each other ? 
  christopher hitchens mentioned this years ago and it still rings true today : we already know the cure to poverty -- it 's the empowerment of women . 
  once you stop treating women like livestock whose only purpose it to be baby-making machines , your economic output explodes . 
  as it turns out , if you educate , train and give tools to the other half of your population , you actually get more shit done . 
  and unfortunately not all cultures are equal in this regard when it comes to empowering their female counterparts . 
  i mean , we 're nowhere near russian levels of hard drug addiction . 
  but it 's certainly becoming a growing problem , especially in the heartland which was once thought to be immune to the social dysfunction found in american inner cities . 
  according to [ 2010 data from the cdc ] ( https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/su6203a27.htm ) ( newest data i could find ) , the us shows 130 deaths per million inhabitants in drug-induced fatalities . 
  unfortunately that number is probably higher today given the opioid crisis we 're currently going through . 
  europeans have no problem generalizing all the time between the american south and the rest of the country , even if they 've never set foot in the us . 
  seems like to me you 're just butthurt that an american is criticizing internal european politics . 
  what country is the cat supposed to represent ? 
  only scumbags keep beating on a guy after he 's unconscious . 
  hope they get the max sentence . 
  article says the incident was in scotland during a performance . 
  that would be excluding all the gender fluid non-binary , etc folks i imagine . 
  who 's to say that he 's wrong ? 
  makes sense i guess . 
  [ gay lobby ] ( https://images.trvl-media.com/hotels/1000000/30000/25300/25274/25274_68_z.jpg ), 
  canda can finally into global hegemonic dominance, 
  weird that they have their subscriber count set to private . 
  what 's the saying ? 
  america innovates , europe regulates and china replicates . 
  if you ca n't beat 'em , i guess the next best thing is try to regulate them out of business . 
  is `` when push comes to * crunch * '' a european variant of `` when push comes to * shove * '' ? 
  because i 've only ever heard that idiom in the latter form . 
  lol these are the pointless and pedantic discussions i come to r/europe for . 
  you 're debating geopolitics with a literal 14 year old . 
  could have fooled me with all the hot air coming out of erdogan . 
  it 's not like they gave us a choice -- the international community can no longer tolerate iceland 's agression . 
  trudeau nudes or gtfo, 
   the more weapons a society has the more dangerous it becomes . 
  while technically true , it 's bit of a moot point . 
  you could make the same argument for literally anything else . 
  for example , the more cars a society has , the more people die . 
  i mean , hell , the more people in a society , the more murder you have . 
  ban people !, 
  sure as shit stopped those two terrorists in texas a couple years back .
