just because a racist says something does n't automatically invalidate its truthfulness . 
  hitler was a vegan but i do n't think my local organic market is trying to resurrect the third reich . 
  u/george _ i_rockwell is a mod of a bunch of racist and fascist subreddits . 
  his username is based of the leader of the american nazi party . 
  he 's a piece of shit . 
  go back to your racist and fascist subs , pondscum . 
  you 're being awfully cryptic . 
  what `` other means '' would drone strikes achieve other than bombing terrorists ? 
  do you think we 're drone striking the tribal regions of pakistan to secure some oil contract or something ? 
  or do you think americans just have some surreptitious desire to bomb innocent people ? 
   usa has a high approval rate of drone strikes against civilians ( ~ 50 % in usa ) oh please , the us supports drone strikes against terrorists . 
  do n't frame the issue as if americans support purposefully drone striking innocent people you duplicitous prick . 
   romania would be marked `` afghanistan '' . 
  maybe cnn is just predicting the future considering the amount of muslim immigration europe is receiving :d, 
   we neither live in a dictatorship nor in the us * rollseyes *, 
   opposing [ abortion ] is not a centre policy by any western standard outside of the us . 
  so i guess we 're just going to ignore ireland in this discussion . 
  portugal is the one where the mexicans speak brazilian , right ? 
  so what you 're saying is groningers love americans, 
  people love to make fun of americans for their ignorance of world affairs and yet when we actually try to broaden our horizons by learning about perspectives outside the us we get accused of being yankee infidels that do n't belong here . 
  there 's no winning with you people . 
  can you please tone it down a notch ? 
  you 're making us look like arrogant assholes that get off tooting our own horn . 
  it got removed and then reapproved a few hours later . 
  when i made my comment it was off the front page . 
  it was only a matter of time before this got removed, 
  i do n't think most people would mind if you just kept the english translation first . 
  it 's when you 're reading a bunch of comments in a chain and then all of a sudden a comment pops up in a foreign language that annoys people . 
  it forces you to turn off the english part of your brain momentarily and takes you out of whatever rhythm you were in . 
  bing translator is better imo . 
  and you can translate stuff into klingon . 
  not to my knowledge haha . 
  i went up in the gateway arch when i was a kid . 
  it was a pretty cool experience , you have a view of the whole mississippi river on one side and the city on the other . 
  nah , i thought the same thing too . 
  had to look it up . 
  this guy is different from captain hook . 
  lol removed, 
  it 's from a porno . 
  he 's saying he had sex with the mods to get the job . 
  the night is dark and full of germans, 
  coming from you ; that 's ironic . 
  those two things are n't mutually exclusive . 
  hey , do n't sell us short . 
  i 'm 1/128th scottish for christ sake . 
  seen braveheart like ... 4 times, 
  others have made this point before , but it 's funny how religion ( in particular islam ) is the only motivation we do n't take at face value . 
  if i were grab a rifle , head into a holocaust museum and shoot a bunch of jews yelling `` heil hitler !, 
  '' , and when the police took me away and asked me why i did it and i answered , `` because i want the third reich to rise again and eliminate all the jews '' , nobody would doubt my intentions . 
  nobody would go on tv to argue that maybe it was socioeconomics or us foreign policy that motivated me , most sane people would rightfully assume my neo-nazi beliefs led me to my murderous actions . 
  but when an islamic extremist does the same , but instead yells `` allahu akbar '' and says he wants the caliphate to rise again , we all of a sudden start making excuses . 
  maybe he was oppressed at some point , maybe the government was islamophobic and radicalized him , etc. 
  it really is telling how the left has this obvious double standard when it comes to islam , and the actions that come as a consequence to sincere beliefs about its doctrines . 
   and really smooth of you to imply that muslims stand in contrast to white men . 
  so now islam is a race ? 
  oh please , you know he/she used that phrase sarcastically to satirize the people on the left that like to imply criticizing islam and muslim beliefs is a form of racism . 
  people on this sub are n't that stupid , you 're not going to score any points playing that card . 
  did we ever get an explanation on what the hell that was supposed to mean ? 
  yes but are they better basketball players ? 
  well if it makes you guys feel any better china is going to pass us all within the next decade or so . 
  it says that video is not available in my country, 
  the trick is to find the road signs and extrapolate from there, 
  gene roddenberry being a military man himself imagined starfleet as sort of a ` navy in space ' . 
  `` uss '' in the show stands for `` united star ship '' but it 's also supposed to clue the viewer in on the fact they 're drawing inspiration from navies , specifically the us navy . 
  are we counting rubio out for the running already ? 
  you do realize the potus just ca n't change the constitution whenever they feel like it , right ? 
  we 're not zimbabwe . 
  trump would n't have the power to amend the 14th amendment as potus . 
  he can think whatever he likes . 
  http://www.iie.org/research-and-publications/publications-and-reports/iie-bookstore/international-students-in-the-united-states according to 2005 data there were ~ 74,000 europeans studying in the us . 
  according to the data in the linked article ( from 2012 ) there were only ~ 47,000 americans studying abroad in total , 72 % of which are in anglo countries ( i.e. , canada , britain and australia ) . 
  there are a lot more europeans studying in the us than americans studying in europe . 
  if brain drain is happening it 's more to the detriment of europe . 
  make belgium great again, 
  `` asian '' in the us basically refers to everything east of pakistan and south of russia . 
  [ here 's a rough estimate i quickly drew up ] ( http://i.imgur.com/monusla.gif ) . 
  although generally speaking when most americans think of `` asians '' the first thing that comes to mind are probably east asians like you described . 
  japan 's low birthrate is generally considered the main reason their economy has stagnated since the 90 's . 
  i think he 's mainly referring to jihadi terrorists that attack the west , which are indeed on average fairly well off and educated [ [ source ] ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/19/opinion/bergen-terrorism-root-causes/ ) . 
  now whether that 's true for the grunts on the ground in places like syria and iraq like / u/matttk brought up i do n't know . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  cut them in half and count their rings, 
  i 'm not exactly sure why you felt the need to get on the defensive considering the author of this piece agrees with you that the recent european migration crisis had been a large burden to bear . 
  come on man , that was unnecessary . 
  they were n't just charged for trying to join a terrorist group abroad , they were arrested for conspiring to `` kill , maim , and kidnap . '', 
  apparently they had a specific mission planned out to kidnap and kill american troops once they arrived in somalia . 
  no we do n't . 
  just attempting to join isis generally has a maximum sentence of around 20 years . 
  gdp by ppp is a useful tool to measure economies domestically but has little relevance when it comes to measuring global clout . 
  also , i 'm not sure if it 's occurred yet but the us was expected to overtake the eu in gdp sometime this year or the next due to the fact our growth rate is higher . 
  i 'm getting sort of confused by the downvotes in this thread . 
  he 's been an american citizen for more than 50 years and lives in massachusetts . 
  why is it controversial to say this is an american nobel prize ? 
  exactly . 
  as unsavory as many americans find clinton , at the end of the day we 're just too conservative of a country to ever seriously consider a socialist becoming president . 
  i mean hell , half the country still thinks obama is a socialist ... 
  i laughed, 
  it 's fucking florida , what do you expect ? 
  crazy times we 're living in . 
   yea , yea ... when the americans will figure you out , you 'll be learning han chinese in hangzhou or korean in pusan .
