probably as most countries have laws on producers giving the correct information on the food they give out . 
  for example a big fuss was made in the uk for that non-halal meat was being served in prisons to muslim prisoners . 
  on the other hand there probably someone who does research will probably make a fuss that go to website that 'll eventually spread to mainstream muslims which then leads to be boycott of the product . 
  i would just read the packet , usually halal meat says halal on it in arabic , or if it a sweet packet i usually check if it says suitable for vegetarians . 
  of course i do care , its just that the overwhelming muslim wo n't necessarily spend 30 minutes twice a day checking at lunch and dinner to see who produced their meat and how they butchered it . 
  do you have any evidence of this ? 
  i 'm muslim and the vast majority do n't care very much where they get their meat from as long as someone calls it halal . 
  is there any opinion polls ? 
  you should take that with a grain of salt , contrary to the western mind there are plently of islams and most accept stunning . 
  for every site you find there oppose stunning there be another islamic site supporting stunning . 
  here is a site supporting stunning http://halalfoodauthority.com/faqs/#collapse-1878 usually it tends to be the salafi muslims that seem to oppose stunning on the bases stunning animals is an foreign innovation etc, 
  but the difference here is nasser opposing forced hijab and not the hijab itself . 
  the overwhelming peasant egyption women still continued to wear hijab and nasser did n't care but he did none the less uplift their well being by giving them the right to vote and passing legislation protecting them from sexual harassment . 
  important to note many christian peasant women in egypt also wear a hijab . 
  this is a big difference from hollande who is essentially insulting women who wear the hijab as enslaved people in need liberation . 
  well i live in britain but i mostly felt strong connection to a gujerat identity while pakistanis i met tend to also feel a connection to their ethnic identity . 
  literally to be a pakistani/indian is what we tell white people when they ask what country our parent came from, 
  neither do indian sunni and shia muslims . 
  tajmahal was built by a sunni king for his shia wife . 
  source : i am indian muslim, 
  cheers for a in-depth reply, 
  i thought zoroastrianism forbid slaves, 
  the first persian empire would have a word with you . 
  is hezbollah really a terrorist organization , it 's leader was the most admired leader in the arab world from 2006-2009 . 
  they 're even fighting isis at the moment as well as having overwhelming support from lebanese christian . 
  gujerat also willing , we need a unified indian front, 
  but the party themselves were kept in power by american intervention to prevent al-sadr 's iraqi nationalist from taking power in iraq 's last election . 
   also , their hate for jews is about as big as hitlers ' back in the day . 
  aaah yes the shah a guy who funded neo-nazis organisation in his youth . 
  [ look at his lovely comments about jews ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kysr3fpa5s ), 
  houthies are n't iranian puppets and even ignore iranian advice . 
  you do recognise the government the houthies overthrew is also a unpopular western puppet government . 
  hezbollah is in an alliance with the largest elected catholic party and gets genuine vote from half the shiite lebanese and is in an alliance with the amal movement ( secular shiites ) . 
  the shitty government of maliki responsible for isis was put into power by america . 
  i mean the guy literally tried to prevent a shoe from being chucked at bush 's face . 
   from caliph umar ( the first zionist ) inviting jews to resettle jerusalem muslims never really ever had a problems wiith jews going to jerusalem . 
  the first aliyah ( zionist migration to palestine ) was done under the muslim ottomans . 
  a lot of them just have a problem with the fact a state was created primarily for jews while ethnically cleansing the inhabitants . 
  even the us king crane commission ( 1919 ) found muslims would n't mind if jews came to live in palestine just would n't want them to make their own state and wanted them to integrate instead of making a parallel community . 
  that 's no different from europeans complaining about muslims invading europe and accusing them of creating a parallel community . 
  i would n't put it on being `` not muslims '' . 
  you 'll be surprised by the iranian christian women ( armenian and others ) are supportive of the veil law . 
  it 's more of a case of respecting iranian culture since veiling was illegal and banned by reza shah ( leader of iran ) in the 1920s, 
  it 's a law in saudi arabia to wear a scarf . 
  they just tend to make an exception for foreigners . 
  even before 1979 saudi was much more lax , muslim women from outside saudi arabia were even allowed to drive cars ( weird considering saudi women are n't allowed wtf ) . 
  and if you read in this [ section ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_revolt#forces )  the ottoman force included a number of arab units who stayed loyal to the sultan-caliph and fought well against the allies . 
  [ 18 ] the term arab revolt is actually a misnomer as it implies that the majority of the ottoman arabs rebelled , when in fact the majority stayed loyal . 
  [ 11 ] during the first world war , between 100 , 000 and 300 , 000 arabs served in the ottoman army . 
  the arab revolt is a myth though ... 
  even go on / r/arabs and ask them . 
  most arabs in iraq and syria remained loyal to the ottomans and even 1/3 of the deaths in gallipoli were arabs . 
  it was only later in the 50s where movies were made about t.e. 
  lawrence and propaganda from the british imposed arab monarchs they started claiming there was some kind of revolt where in reality it was a lot smaller and limited than most people believed . 
  also as / r/slacker25 said a lot of the 15 % ottoman deaths are self-inflicted as a lot of them are victims of the armenian/assyrian/greek genocides as well as a awful rule by djemal pasha in the levant . 
  but they were n't refugees ... they were north africans, 
  but the refugees are n't committing the attacks though ... in fact german police even report they are underrepresented in crime . 
  source : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/refugees-responsible-for-tiny-proportion-of-sex-crimes-in-germany-despite-far-right-claims-following-a6884166.html, 
  where the fuck do you even find muslims that have 3 wives and 20 fucking children ? 
  i am a gujerati muslim living in the uk and i have never ever came across such kind of people here or even in india . 
  most muslim states do n't even have that type of ridiculous birth rates . 
  iran birth rate is as high as the united kingdoms , pakistan 's is as high as israel . 
  morocco 's is as high as frances . 
  i mean they only have one children more than western states , who the fuck is this 20 child guy ? 
  i am not saying they do n't exist but the occurrence of these type of people is as large as those in western societies . 
  they do n't differ on the intepretation of the quran though . 
  theologically they are very similar . 
  it 's just the hadiths they differ on . 
  not really , i 'm in indian muslim and we seen exactly the same along with bangledeshi muslims and other indian hindus . 
  although you may also want to stay clear them being just `` pakistani '' men as they tend to be specifically kashmiri . 
  i have no idea why though , they are kind of like moroccon in the netherlands who tend to have high crime rates and so on while turks tend to stay in a close knit community . 
  this is also true here as i 'm gujerati where we stay together similar to the turks also true for punjabi pakistanis . 
  well yes , people that tend to join isis style organisation is muslim states are urban youths who are deeply disenfranchised . 
  they tend to also be petty criminals , for example abu zarqawi who would go on to lead al-qaeda in iraq would occasionally visit prostitutes often in a urban city called zarqa . 
  they tend to be young men caught in no culture thus a isis style wahhabist counterculture takes place . 
   even the pakistani falsely accused of the attack had a criminal record the police did n't say he had a criminal record nor did he have a record of sexual assaults . 
  that was just the media reporting that . 
  your also forgetting the starvation of 500,000 iraqi 5 under year olds by un sanctions backed by the us and uk, 
   usa do not exterminate local population . 
  native americans would like a word with you . 
   they go after oil , and they will remove their troops at some time , most of violence is sectarian among iraqis themselves , it 's nothing like apocalyptic war germans unleashed upon europe . 
  except that 's not true , bush tried to force a 2008 status of forces agreement that would of transformed iraq into a permanent military base which was only then retracted due to widespread hostility and fear of igniting another civil war . 
  also it 's oversimplistic and western-centric to say iraq is sectarian , it 's more nationalist vs separatist with the public siding with nationalist who want to vibrant singular iraqi identity ( al-sadr and 1920 revolution brigade ) vs seperatist ( us-back shia government and al-qaeda/isis ) who wants to emphasize a sunni or shia identity . 
   germans deemed themselves ( and many still are it seems ) superior and entitled to domination . 
  your ancestors waged racist war with extreme brutality , exterminating whole nations . 
  that was war without any honor or mercy . 
  men , women and children were slaughtered because of their ethnicity . 
  germans defined that , do n't expect others to accept being slaughtered , respect their killers , fight back only in honorable way . 
  so like most peoples ancestors that tried to exterminate another group of people . 
  also i 'm indian and fully well aware of british back genocides and even then i would n't called the british people of necessarily being violent mass murderers . 
  your opinion of germans is n't very different from the nazis opinion of jews . 
  [ this image captures the sentiment . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ik2mc0c.jpg )  they were not , pillage , rape , torture and death - that was what they brought to people of europe . 
  killing german occupiers was heroic . 
  she risked her life all the time , did n't let herself to be subjugated meek victim . 
  she fought . 
  great woman . 
  well if a iraqi women killed a us troop during the occupation a lot of westerners would think she is a crazy bitch . 
  in fact one iraqi journalist for that matter merely chucked a shoe at george bush considered a national hero by 67 % of iraqis in a poll yet with us support he was imprisoned and tortured for a year . 
  you should take him with a grain of salt especially if you did some research on his sources .
