  it is a god-awful ideology witch no precedence whatsoever . 
  except / u/slyscorpion is 100 % right . 
  communists are pure scum . 
  this is not hate , nor anger ; it is common sense . 
  communists have no place on this earth . 
  it is an anti-human ideology . 
  prison , for being anti-human . 
  no , i 'm not confused about anything . 
  the better question is , why are you trying to justify and equate shelling and killing people in a village to some russian propaganda ? 
  in fact , you even agree they started shelling the village . 
  russian propaganda did n't kill people , georgians did , and the truth of the matter is that saakashvili is a hot-headed punk who got cocky because he thought nato had his back . 
   in reality it was georgia responding to shelling and killing 53 . 
  georgia responded to russian propaganda claims by shelling a village ? 
  i know baltics are not known for proper diplomacy , but at least try to sound professional . 
  and so saakashvili 's response is to shell villages . 
   the whole point of nato is not to protect against russian aggression . 
  it was once to protect against the soviet union . 
  but russia is not the soviet union . 
  and yet , countries join under the article against russian aggression , invalidating your point . 
   now it is simply a problem . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  because you 're just trying to justify why nato should n't be a problem for russia , you 're not saying anything about how to fix it . 
  and frankly , that 's the root of the problem . 
  people want to go around spreading nato epeen without realizing the consequences it could have , and justifying it saying it 's always the other parties fault . 
   we did not cause russia to invade two neighbours . 
  if i wear a red shirt , and someone who hates red shirts shoots me , i did not cause him to shoot me . 
  that 's a horseshit analogy that , funny enough , can be easily invalidated by real life example . 
  if you know the crips do n't like the color red , you purposefully do n't wear red so you wo n't get shit . 
  yeah it 's a shitty situation but your justification of `` it 's not my fault i got shot '' wo n't matter when you 're on the ground bleeding because somebody who does n't like red saw you wear a red shirt . 
  you also made one mistake before about nato not being on the table for ukraine , so i 'd suggest you do a lot more reading on the situation before going around crusading on plebbit . 
  that makes the situation 10 times worse . 
  that means that muslims will resort to barbaric ideas , even despite proper integration . 
  he has a point , you know . 
  why would you willingly import radicalized people who can blow people up ? 
  reading the christian scripture does n't equate to massacring villages and blowing people up . 
  you 're just grasping for straws because you 're defending an obsolete , barbaric religion . 
  not every nazi was a bad person either . 
  religion is part of the definition of genocide therefore false equivalency . 
  your joke of an expansion cost russia to invade two neighbors . 
  no , it is not justifiable . 
  but if the whole point of nato is to protect against russian aggression and it instead brings out russian aggression , then it 's a failed policy . 
  to deny it is to be ignorant . 
   so fucking what ? 
  that was the whole fucking point of the nato-russian joint conference ? 
   worst terror attack in european history ) you 're grasping for straws . 
  the argument goes that since genocide does not have a `` class '' denotation , it can not be considered a genocide . 
   as to make way for a `` pure '' soviet nation . 
  so in order to make the argument work , we have to invent an artificial identity which `` guided '' the genocide towards those `` not soviet '' ? 
  i have a hard time buying that . 
   `` it was n't an genocide just bad management by the goverment '' . 
  then this raises the issue , should russian deaths count ? 
  they died all the same due to the exact policies of the ussr , on top of the bad harvesting seasons which did n't let them to complete quotas . 
  the famine happened * because * it was in the most fertile soil . 
  combination of bad harvest + radical planning from soviet union meant people living in farmlands ( ergo , most fertile = most farmers ) were hit the hardest . 
  i do n't see how holodomor can be counted as one , however . 
  by what criteria do you judge that ? 
   used nuclear weapons on civilians how absolutely awful of the u.s. to go for the lesser evil and stop the war on the most minimum of causalities at the most minimum speed . 
  national group refers to nationality . 
  kulaks are not a nationality . 
  word you 'd be looking for is class , and it does not fall under that . 
  that being said , russians would also be part of the kulak faction , which would defeat the purpose of the ukrainian anti-russian rhetoric . 
  you are completely right . 
  if genocide has a racial definition ( and it does ) then the term `` genocide '' simply does not work . 
  ukraine was simply the bread basket from which to take . 
  south russians died en masse too ; plus ukrainian officers themselves oversaw the seizure of food in ukraine . 
  but that 's politicizing genocide , rather than classifying it . 
  south russians , bordering ukrainians , died en masse in the similar fashion as ukrainians , but to call it a genocide , which has a racial denotation ? 
  it just does n't work . 
  you make the argument that the killings are not known ** i agree ** it 's messed up , but to label the killings wrongly for the politicizing benefit is intellectually wrong . 
  nato also expanded without addressing any of the russian concerns , despite knowing full well russia would get aggravated . 
  in russian politics nato aggression is the ultimate form of bad , therefore any movement towards their `` backyard '' would end in invasion from russia . 
  nato-russian treaty was really , really shitty and was just used to antagonize russia . 
   i do not believe you . 
  that 's fine , and you do n't have to , even despite any evidence telling you otherwise . 
  even when presented with western sources you ignore them , citing `` propaganda . '', 
  thing is , you 're not in their shoes . 
  you never were in their shoes . 
  and you never will be in their shoes . 
  and that is what makes you ignorant . 
  whenever topics come up about why russians feel the way they do , why they do they way they do , why they 're fine with dictatorial powers presented , it is always argued from western perspective and never from the other . 
  just look at your last comment  if i were in their shoes , i 'd probably be telling myself i was happier this way too . 
  but i 'd be fucking lying to myself . 
  your whole argument relies on `` propaganda '' to work because you ca n't argue it otherwise . 
  in your eyes , it 's not `` oh they think that now , how can we make them think otherwise ? '', 
  it 's `` oh they 've been tricked !, 
  let me tell them how they 're wrong ! '', 
  and i do n't deny the shitiness of russia , but even to the pro-western liberals in russia it 's not gon na end well if you tell them their feelings and opinions are invalid because `` propaganda '' got them . 
  because majority of those `` fact checkers '' were fake themselves . 
  recall nbc correcting trump on a `` lie '' where trump said clinton `` acid washed '' the emails . 
  he misspoke and meant bleach ( referring to a software , hence mistake ) but nbc ran with the `` fact checking '' story that trump `` actually '' thought that clinton poured acid on her emails . 
  or how about `` trump is right about numbers , but is racist therefore wrong '' on politico fact checker ? 
  at what point and what media can i call worthy if they try to spin so much ? 
  or the wikileaks that showed some media ( cnn if i recall ? ), 
  agreeing to give hillary more favorable coverage ? 
  and these were happening all throughout the campaign . 
  trump supporters were calling out the media too , pointing out the unfair coverage trump was getting with a lot of biases and in accuracies . 
  of course many went to less popular outlets , they did so because msm was so awful at reporting anything . 
  people are quick to jump on the `` fake news '' bandwagon but rarely do they ever go to reputable sources , read variety , and make their own conclusions . 
  and i do n't even read breitbart and can tell you so much disinfo was coming out from various `` reputable '' sources . 
  truth of the matter is this , democrats lost and they lost hard on all levels .
