  `` alt right echo chambers '' but espouses the exact rhetoric from which the alt right make their claims ? 
  hypocritical and ignorant . 
  frankly , these comments are too common to discuss . 
  in fact , the people espouse these sorts of knee jerk `` holier than thou '' comments are the epitome of living in the very echo chamber and fake news message that they decry . 
  i stand by my comment . 
  there was no substance to begin with . 
  no point from which to make a rebuttal . 
  calling somebody out on living in an echo chamber rather than providing some sort of argument is the very essence of living in an echo chamber . 
  i stand by comment . 
   what a patheticly self-pitying comment how ironic . 
  speaking to mirrors must be your forte . 
  different camp of conservative . 
  he 's more of a us type right winger than le pen . 
  breivik was pro jewish too . 
  i was about to write message disagreeing with the second part of your message , but then i realized it 'll infringe upon your right to an echo chamber too , so i 'll just let it go . 
  lel , even your basic comparison is between 300 years of history and a couple of years from isis . 
  ergo , not a fair comparison and completely irrational conclusion . 
  not an argument . 
  you 're comparing two thousand years of history to a group in modern day areas . 
  until you can make a coherent argument that equates the said history to isis , do n't bother making baseless claims . 
  simple as that . 
  a declaration of war is singular , whereas a war is two sided . 
  neither of them wants to start it . 
   they murdered so many people , that isis is nothing in comparision to them . 
  [ citation needed ]  they destroyed so many people , families , traditions and cultures , [ citation needed ], 
   if he builds walls , we integrate refugees not sure if you 're trying to be pro-eu or anti-eu ... 
  yes , yes , i know you all like to throw that word around without any context or meaning . 
  it is in the europeans interest for britain to fail , while it is in britain 's interest to succeed . 
  you can say that again . 
  god bless the austrians . 
  was merely a statement . 
  i sense a deflection in your tone tho . 
  i figured you 'd be referring to the mortgage insurance cut reversal . 
  it 's too complicated of an issue to merely call it `` raising taxes . '', 
  article itself seems hesitant , sayings it 's `` effectively '' a tax but not actually one . 
  shumer threw a tantrum over it in the senate , but republicans argue it 'll put taxpayers at risk . 
  still unsure , but i would n't call a tax that `` predominantly burdens '' middle class . 
  trump is a businessman , he created thousands of jobs . 
  trump towers do n't get operated by robots . 
  source ? 
  that happens on all subs . 
  go to r/hillaryclinton to the top section there 's a guy praised for being a republican pro-clintonite . 
  echo chamber and minority pandering are n't a staple of right wing politics , my uninformed friend . 
  reddit is most definitely not anti-russian and anti-china . 
  that 's just this sub and it 's echo chamber . 
  people on reddit get downvoted if you do n't agree with them , so i do n't think that 's a fair statement . 
  certain characteristics are in place for our countries to be that different . 
  it 's not that , for example , tories are that much left wing compare to our politicians , but rather it is the fact that they ca n't be . 
  nhs is a fact of the uk , and wanting it to privatize will be political suicide . 
  though i do n't think itakes the tory politician that much more left wing as a result of it . 
  for example , we do n't border war torn countries . 
  we 're not that close to them . 
  uk does n't really border poor countries . 
  although we do , and we have anxiety from mexican immigration , at the end of the day mexicans are christians and have certain western values to an extent . 
  imagine the immigration if we were bordering pakistan . 
  i came from moldova to us . 
  yes , i messed up as i was cleaning up my comment . 
  leopold was meant for belgium , and napoleon for france . 
  logical view of my comment shows that , do n't know how i messed it up that way . 
   our right wing politicians are more left wing that the us 's left wing politicians though that is much more complicated issue than most people make it out to be . 
  success breeds jealousy , 
  why not ? 
  they 're our closest friend and partner , and they have important ties with the uk . 
  there is 0 reason to not have canada part of an anglo alliance . 
  and who do you think would have made the world order better ? 
  germany under the kaiser ? 
  russia under the czars ? 
  belgium under the leopold ? 
  france under napoleon ? 
  spain ? 
  the us and uk have been the most benevolent empires in history to exist . 
  yes , it is imperfect , i 'll agree . 
  our history of native treatment and the slave economy ( with uk being more lenient than us ) still does n't make the alternative any better , in fact , it is much , much worse . 
  edit : mistakes were had :(, 
  i actually had issues with that part of the article . 
  both the uk and the us are in a better geographical position to receive better immigrants . 
  i know in the us case , we also get the best immigrants by tough policy . 
  you are right too though ; both uk 's and us 's cultural attitudes on immigrants , that caused populist backlashes in form of brexit or trump , is just another sign of how immigration * should * be handled , assuming you want well integrated immigrants . 
  also speaking as an immigrant myself . 
  it would be most interesting to see the possible creation of a true anglo civilization this way . 
   the same argument can be used against the us . 
  no , it really ca n't . 
  neither high prison population ( although problematic ) nor the death sentence legitimize your want for us to be oppressive as you want it to be . 
  i 'm also amused by the false european belief that the lack of death penalty somehow makes you more enlightened . 
  `` i come in peace . 
  i did n't bring artillery . 
  but i 'm pleading with you , with tears in my eyes : if you fuck with me , i 'll kill you all '' - mattis, 
   to be fair as an american ca n't truly know ah yes , you 're very well versed in fallacies too it seems . 
   and grown men usually do n't call each other 12 year olds . 
  they do n't call each other nazis , either . 
  they have rational discussions . 
   that 's it with the life tips from me . 
  two cents have been deposited in your account . 
  i wish i could get a refund from such an awful discussion and `` life tips '' you so condescendingly put out , but i guess loss is a part of life . 
  fake what ? 
  you 're acting like an overzealous twelve year old calling everything you do n't like nazis . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the more you use the term the less someone will care what you have to say . 
  some buzzwords get * too * old . 
  you 're past that limit . 
  not at all .
