   its not even that different from obama or bush . 
  its seems that every us president has a honeymoon period with putin , but it ends rather fast once they realize he is a monumental cunt and asks for what they are not willing to give . 
  ehh , i think it 's more complicated than that , but at the barebone issue it 's sort of like that . 
  to a certain extent , i think nato and us could be blamed for `` creating '' ( using the term loosely here ) an aggressive russia . 
  in another way , you 're right , there is not much we can do for russia , considering their position . 
  iran is highly profitable for russia in every way imaginable , so when america asked for a sanctions on iran , how * should * russia approach ? 
  can us compensate russia with billions of dollars lost in profits from weapon sales ? 
  europe does n't stand to lose much , russia does . 
  the american policy of these presidents during the `` honeymoon '' phase has been a way to juggle this russian dilemma without aggravating them . 
  of course , it all failed , but putin has been trying to reciprocate to a certain extent as well ( for example , delaying nuclear efforts in iran in favor of us ) . 
  however , at the end of the day nothing we can do will appease putin . 
   are you denying these are views held by some of them ? 
  prove your own statements first . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cold_war we 're aware . 
  was n't aware nick griffin is a us politician , ot even citizen for that matter . 
  most likely . 
  trump is singular in his view of russia in the us politics . 
  success breeds jealousy . 
  i 'm glad to say uk and us have a truly special bond in affairs . 
  what tinfoil newspaper crap are you reading ? 
  honestly , donald trump ever helping the gay community was the worst thing he 's done since all of it is gon na be washed up by angry redditors with pitchforks . 
   with people who want to forcibly convert atheists and deny them the same political rights as everyone else ... citation needed , please . 
  like peter thiel , the first openly gay guy to address the rnc from trump 's blessing ? 
  since forever ? 
  the washington examiner was built for the sole purpose of competing the leftist wapo 's audience through a right wing channel . 
  i 'm trying to figure out if you posting the two most obviously bias websites is a joke , sarcasm , or you 're being actually serious . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  made it all the more baffling when people from the left ( in the us ) preferred cruz to beat trump during the primary election , despite being more right wing than trump across the board . 
  4d chess , my friend . 
   maybe it is in the united states but certainly not in the netherlands . 
  it 's not here either , but that is certainly the narrative people want to push . 
  i 'm no army expert so i 'm just using my own educated-guess reasoning here . 
  russian policy in ukraine is to create a frozen conflict . 
  naturally , artillery will be the best tool to use there . 
  what exactly is finland scared of ? 
  fending off a frozen conflict ? 
  fires on borders ? 
  would artillery really be that useful against a total war invasion ? 
  greatness , my friend . 
  how did it not ? 
  you can argue the long term politics of where the wall was disintegrated , but for what it was built for it worked just fine . 
  that 's completely fine . 
   in the usa , it 's like tradition or something . 
  for retarded , indoctrinated reasons that i do not know . 
  thank dog i was born in europe . 
  she has the right to espouse them . 
  she 's not going to jail for it , is she ? 
  nope . 
  is she being kicked out of her home ? 
  nope . 
  is she losing any rights ? 
  nope and nope . 
  the only one needlessly narrowing the definition is you , hence the false equivalency anology you keep putting up . 
  you 're just trying to make the argument that a muslim community * banning * a woman on a religious pretext of hijab is the same as swiss not wanting to give citizenship to someone . 
  it 's nowhere near the same . 
  she 's not being banned , nor is she being driven out , hence your anology is false , and a statement otherwise will implicate * you * changing the definition . 
   are n't good for the animals as has been ingrained in me ** by dutch culture ** by birth . 
  she 's free to go back to a culture she prefers . 
  nobody is putting a gun to her head telling her she must live with it . 
   would you not think it to be ridiculous ? 
  of course i would think it 's ridiculous , graffiti is an offense and the canadian should be commended for taking a stand against an ill in society . 
  but on a more serious note , if her dutch culture defined her so much that she has a problem with * cow bells * then she 's not really as swiss ingrained as you 're trying to paint the canadian to be `` american . '', 
  if the swiss think that part of being a proper swiss citizen is to be respective of local cultures and traditions , then there is nothing wrong with that . 
  to take my point further , an example . 
  in my city there is a tradition to gather up in the center of the town to light up the christmas tree . 
  if some immigrant came by and complained vocally that our tradition is stupid , lackluster , noisy , or whatever justification he/she has , * and * tries to get rid of it , i will be perfectly okay with that person not receiving citizenship as he/she does n't respect the place he/she lives in . 
   okay , so if that very same muslim community would ban a woman on account of not wearing the hijab and being rather vocal about it , you would be perfectly fine with it ? 
  false equivalency . 
  nobody is telling her how to live her life . 
  she 's telling others how to live her life . 
  stop trying to bait with bad analogies . 
  * she * is the one telling people how they should live , * she * is the one being vocal about it . 
  also worth reading about the time he [ broke the bank of england ] ( https://priceonomics.com/the-trade-of-the-century-when-george-soros-broke/ ), 
  none of her rights are being removed . 
  you 're just upset because a democracy worked and it did n't go in your favor . 
  such a beautifully worded statement :') i 'd give you u.s. statehood for that comment , but we do n't want to tread on you beautiful swiss people . 
  switzerland is a very federalized country . 
  their concept of cantons means each individual place wants to be ruled by their own rules , laws , customs , and traditions . 
  there being left wing people does not mean there is a large presence of left wingers where she lives , which is the whole point . 
   they dint want her to get voting rights because they only want people to vote that share their views yeah , even if that 's the case , ** there is absolutely nothing wrong with that . 
  ** she can go back to the netherlands if she does n't like it . 
   it 's totally undemocratic and they are abusing their voting rights as there us no doubt that she is integrated and fulfils all the requirements . 
  how do you even define what 's undemocratic ? 
  what guide book is there for you to even to determine that ? 
  because it seems voting is not even a requirement to be democratic these days . 
   such closed communities should just not exist . 
  being insulting to other cultures and communities should not exist either , and yet here she is , telling other people how they should live * their * lives . 
   imagine if this was a town full of conservative muslims refusing a woman citizenship on account of her not wearing a hijab and was asked to `` just move elsewhere '' . 
  false equivalency . 
  she 's telling how others should live their lives , not how her own should be . 
  she 's free to live if she dislikes other people so much . 
  but it 's okay my dude , the women had rights !, 
   a liberal democratic party which is more of a nazi party , that 's a hardcore deflection and neutering of the actual nazi party . 
  mix up of identities and ideologies on the scale ussr seen makes for some fucked up mixes , indeed . 
  i ca n't speak for estonia , but i know similar can be seen in latvia or lithuania . 
  not uncommon to , for example , see a pro-russian polack who speaks belarussian in lithuania or some other bizarre mix . 
  it 's pronounced decriminalizirovala . 
  it 's basically the same as english and german , it seems . 
  it 's not going to ban cigs out right though .
