moldova would n't just be seconds , it 'd be deaf last . 
   i think someone should . 
  and this is how the ministry of truth is formed . 
   you 're fine with shit like this ? 
  stop assuming things . 
  this is n't about wanting fake news , its about being cautious treading on freedom of the press . 
  it 's very obvious that the movement against fake news came after brexit and trump victories . 
  my issue , and one i will emphasize , the possible slippery slope into censorship of alternative viewpoint . 
  people present the most outrageous claims , but how do we know that 's the only thing that will be targeted ? 
  yes , it is . 
  i hate typing on the phone . 
  more condencscing comments rather than any actual quality argument . 
  it went from liberal definition to `` lol ur dumb ! '', 
  please stop responding . 
  facebook censored an image of a duck with fire on its head . 
  no , facebook should not be the one to decide what 's fake or not . 
  `` if your posts do n't quality to the standards i hold , them good riddance '' also burning duck kills leftists . 
  remember that . 
  it 's a joke . 
  bulgaria ought to be the 51st state . 
  careful fritz !, 
  itt : people want news censored because it does n't fit their ideology so they use the pretext of the most outrageous claims in order to enact censorship on bias reporting instead . 
  facebook is gon na partner with * news organisations * to fight fake news ? 
  it 's pretty obvious it 's aimed at competitors and alternative media . 
  shills at/r/europe wo n't care , of course , when the world is censored to their views . 
   historical individuals dont have godly given power that makes them always right . 
  politics is worldwide . 
  because a few individuals in a certain country in the past said something doesnt mean the definition of it changes . 
  even the democratic official sources say so . 
  what the hell are you even talking about lmao do you have any idea how languages work ? 
  do n't answer that , i already know you do n't . 
  `` a political philosophy based on belief in progress , the essential goodness of the human race , and the autonomy ( see autonomy 2 ) of the individual and standing for the protection of political and civil liberties ; specifically : such a philosophy that considers government as a crucial instrument for amelioration of social inequities ( such as those involving race , gender , or class ) '' from [ webster ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/liberalism ) . 
  different words have different definitions , and context is king . 
  please do not reply out of respect for your own good . 
  never forget brian williams , the man fired for fake news , was calling out trump on fake news . 
  the irony is too much to handle . 
  lol . 
  you clearly do n't know any history . 
  i 'll repeat it for the last time , go do we reading on fdr etc. 
  it doesnt . 
  yes , it does . 
  languages evolve and meanings change . 
  context is king . 
   even democrats call themselves social democrats on their website and wiki . 
  read up on goldwater , fdr , and reagan 's usage of term liberal and conservative . 
  you 're just arguing for the sake of arguing . 
  not even sure why , it 's the most benign topic out there . 
   liberalism doesnt change definition because the democrats in the us are social democrats and the masses call them liberals . 
  yes , it does . 
  that 's how language works . 
  you being upset with it , on the other hand , does n't change that fact . 
  americans do n't confuse the two . 
  the word has different definitions and context is king . 
  just because dutch language invokes right wing definition does n't mean it 's a rule . 
  lol , this board is just one huge echo circle jerk . 
  it 's honestly hilarious to read . 
  some people have actual grievances and make good points , but majority of the time it is just deflection and finger pointing at the smallest , most irrelevant things . 
   if you ca n't compare him to hitler of 1941 you can see the hitler of 1933 in trump . 
  oh you mean like the uc berkely riots ? 
  chicago riots ? 
  baltimore ? 
  are those right wing nationalist brownshirts or peace loving moderates ? 
  how many jews has he gassed ( oh wait , his cabinet is most jew friendly ) . 
  get the hell out of here . 
  you are completely correct . 
  liberalism has different definitions . 
  what stenny is doing is deflecting the `` social liberalism '' definition by saying it is `` classical liberalism . '', 
  classical liberalism = / = modern definition of liberalism . 
  read up on fdr , goldwater , and reagan views on the word , also some research in the oxford dictionary on the word . 
  liberal democracy is something both right and left ( in us ) appreciate , but there 's a clear cut definition between what you mean when you call someone a liberal . 
   for a renowned german magazine , this approach is pretty punk rock and provocative . 
  and it seems to push the right buttons . 
  they could have had some originality , at least . 
   it is just another anti-trump circlejerking picture that has nothing to do with what this sub is for . 
  unfortunately , it seems like this sub has turned exactly into that . 
  fine by me though , success breeds jealousy . 
  people who espouse the sentiment are the same ones who are dissatisfied with the results . 
  going up your post you said if more people had voted there would n't have been a trump brexit etc. 
  clearly you 're upset with results and expect more people voting to do * something * and i 'm sticking with the thought that you want people to vote your way . 
  i do n't understand what this implies . 
  a lack of any vote is a not an anti trump vote . 
  sanders had no chance . 
  sanders ran on an aggressive pro-minority campaign at the cost of alieniting his only voter base , working class white people , a historically democratic group . 
  hillary clinton was popular with minorities ( hence bernie not having their vote ) however , minorities did not come to vote for her en masse like for obama ( as expected by experts ) on election night in key states . 
  if clinton had the minority vote , but not enough , what chance did bernie have at having the minorities come out ? 
  furthermore , guess which group that sanders alienated ended up voting for trump ? 
  people like claiming polls , showing sanders will win , but those are the same polls that said trump had no chance of winning . 
  furthermore , sanders lost his own popular vote against clinton due to the two factors i mentioned above . 
  he had low chance , and frankly , he never cared about his voter base . 
  2016 election had slightly more people than last one , so no . 
  something about `` turnout should increase until the vote goes my way '' bothers me . 
  wanting more political activism does n't necessarily mean it 's a good thing . 
  people can be apathetic or uninformed , or even not go the way you want them to go . 
  the tax on slaves in virginia pre civil war was 35 cents a slave . 
  imagine the humiliating price robots will get . 
  lame . 
  the individual had no argument , just a string of silly conclusions . 
  ignite a race war , but pro jewish ? 
  the type of people who espouse it are anti-semetic . 
  the two are not compatible .
