   you really think you gained independence because americans had guns ? 
  what chance would there be if there were none ? 
   the us army would n't need hellfire missiles , a few tanks would do the job . 
  if any modern incursion is to be studied , a few tanks would definitely not be enough . 
  our news reports on european tragedies all the time . 
  however , my point about wyoming ( rather than the popular ny ) still stands . 
  it 's just a popular video m8, 
   i 'd like to have your examples of these armed peasants who managed to avoid tyranny in history . 
  ever . 
  the united states of america , baby . 
   if you think your gun will stop your government with its conventional army to enslave you if it wants to you 're plain delusional . 
  the us army wo n't use hellfire missiles to kill their own people . 
  you 're delusional if you think they 'll resort to that level . 
  lithuania has wisdom of the freest eagle in the sky :') have an upvote you magnificent freedom lover . 
   do you seriously think arming people will result in them coming in shooting and killing this cunt before he could kill other people ? 
  if anything it will contribute to the bloodshed . 
  most massacres in america happen in gun-free zones . 
  if you knew an armed terrorist is coming would you rather have a gun or would you rather not ? 
  as a european born , now american , i disagree . 
  i 'm sure your media reports on a lot of what is going on in wyoming . 
   as realistic as america controlling their mexican border . 
  watch us !, 
   but he still won the support of the republican party no , he did n't . 
  he won support of certain people . 
  the party was mostly against him . 
  it 's easy to see how he mocked a reporter when * drum roll * it 's taken out of context . 
  1 ) he did n't mock him him in his distinct impersonation . 
  the reporter has arthrogryposis , the inability to move joints . 
  trump was waving his hands around . 
  that 's not impersonation . 
  you can make the argument he was mocking his inability to move , but that was n't what the `` incident '' was about that hundreds of outlets wrote about , which was impersonation . 
  2 ) he did n't mock the reporter because of his disability . 
  the `` mocking '' is just part of trump 's established mannerism and body language . 
  here 's him [ mocking ] ( https://youtu.be/m4604reeqk0?t=17s ) ted cruz . 
  it 's the exact same way he did it to the reporter . 
  he does it often , and it just so happened one of the people he mocked was a reporter with a disability . 
  fact of the matter is , you believing that nonsense is exactly why the democratic party fell the way it did . 
  this is just one example of false , bias reporting they do to keep the democratic party ignorant and divided rather than focusing on any actual issues . 
  many things ? 
  take the `` he made fun of a disabled person '' meme , for example . 
  complete and utter nonsense , but they ran with it , which ultimately distracted from any plausible scandals or wrongdoings trump * did * have . 
  how are people who are opposed to it see the experiment ? 
  what worries/fears do they have ? 
  lack of universality is important in such cases , and it could be the thing to break it without ever coming to everyone . 
  you would be correct in that assumption , 
  you mean shit he said out of context spinned in a certain narrative ? 
  this one . 
  it 's a lot more complex than meme tier buzzwords like `` lesser evil . '', 
  hillary clinton needed minorities to come out and vote for her in certain key swing states ( nc , fl , etc. ) . 
  minority vote was down ( as suspected , she 's not obama ) and did n't come out to vote in droves as they did for obama . 
  during the primary campaign , minorities were unanimously pro-hillary . 
  what chance would sanders have to get the minority to come out * even more * to vote for him when they were already not on his side from the get go ? 
  trump also won a key demographic : working class white people . 
  that group is usually democratic , and if you look at sander 's voting bloc it was majority white men . 
  the issue is that he ran on [ anti-white , pro minority platform ] ( https://youtu.be/z6ilgoediuq?t=42s ) . 
  lets be real , those working class white people are living in poverty , in broken down towns ( hence the term ` rust belt ' states , from which they come ) and they see the type of message sanders exhibited . 
  those white workers were the very people who swung the vote towards trump . 
  no , i hit it the nail on the head . 
  you 're just wrong . 
  i do n't think it 's oil prices * necessarily * russia has been crashing since before oil price drop . 
  russia needs to reform a lot of their economic structures , which frankly wo n't happen so long as putin is keeping his cronies up top . 
   yes , you have too many bigots living in your country . 
  `` everyone who i do n't like is a bigot '' sverige , ja !, 
  i 'm ethnically russian , but not from the country . 
  i 've never been there . 
  those are n't my points , you 're just putting words in my mouth . 
  no , it 's retarded is what it is . 
  and that still does n't contradict my point . 
  you 're just being condescending for no reason . 
  ... what are you talking about ? 
  how does that link contradict what i say ? 
  i sincerely apologize . 
  i thought you were calling me racist . 
  nowhere did i say that . 
  yeah , but that 's not to say it 's not an issue for the countries they left . 
  all the investment in education is being wiped away , causing a brain drain . 
  it 's a serious problem and will only negatively impact the countries they occur in . 
  one may recall a certain [ structure ] ( http://cdn.history.com/sites/2/2015/02/ask-how-long-berlin-wall-120775557-e.jpeg ) that was built to stop it . 
  that 's a very fair way of putting it . 
  human rights will be respected so long as there 's someone to enforce it . 
  in a multi-polar world that may change . 
  estonia is truly america 's greatest ally . 
  always thinking ahead . 
   nah , it just shows how seriously people should take anything you say . 
  so people should be judged by their nationalities than rationale of their argument ? 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and dismiss anything you have to say since you 're portuguese . 
  yes , and i do n't see where estonia was an integral part of russia proper . 
  it was within the russian empire , but it was never russian . 
  much like how poland was not part of the german nation , but was part of it still . 
   so you 're a european trump supporter eh ? 
  that seems odd . 
  there 's a whole continental populist shift happening and you find it that odd ? 
  also what exactly was i wrong about ? 
  that estonia has been part of russia but never an integrated ? 
  how is that a wrong statement ? 
  i 'll admit i phrased it wrong , but the premise is still right . 
   it would n't happen to be russia would it ? 
  that would make sense considering your historical revisionism . 
  reminds me of a video on youtube once . 
  guy speaks with broken english in csgo , gets berated and insulted for being russian .
