  he says `` no no guys , i 'm german '' and everybody apologizes . 
  no , it 's not russia . 
  irrelevant . 
  it was greek before that and had a different name to boot ( which russians actually tried to bring [ brack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taurida_governorate ) ), 
  i 'll remember portugal next time when somebody else makes a personal attack rather than a proper argument . 
  also i 'm a european . 
  how do i summon one of you when i get personally attacked ? 
   if those were my only two choices, 
  right back at you , imam . 
  actually , i do n't think the comparison is that different . 
  the assumption that he `` hacked the election '' is a huge stretch when you realize he hacked emails . 
  hacking emails does not equate to deliberate hacking of voting machines . 
  the hacking referred to emails . 
  i also have an issue with you being so condescending . 
  brian williams was fired for fake journalism , but people rally behind him because he 's against fake news ? 
  and i 'm suppose to believe that the fact indifference is against one block of people and no one else ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  regarding your link , it seems to be a huge grasp for the smallest straw on the table . 
  a sale of an apartment in 2001 equates to the 2016 funding ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  groups like right sector were neither pro eu nor pro kremlin . 
  they just wanted national sovereignty . 
  being anti kremlin does n't really warrant anti west speeches . 
  how very kind and considerate of you to make such wording . 
  if that 's the best you got then i 'm gon na go ahead and relay all my info to putin, 
  yes , a historically estonian province that has never been part of russia proper . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the estonian even agreed with me . 
  the topic was about the province of crimea ( 58 % russian ) to estonia ( 25 % ) . 
  you 're using the entirety of ukraine to give yourself leverage , whether by mistake or intent . 
   you defend faux news from people you 're bringing irrelevant evidence to argue another , not related argument . 
  you 're doing so because you have nothing to argue from , so you resort to fallacies like that . 
  gon na go ahead and dismiss that whole point too . 
  rather than pressing the `` i win button '' and acting like a jackass , how about you come back and defend yourself . 
  is getting cnn officials to pass debate questions to clinton corruption or is it only corruption when it does n't accept your view ? 
  if the emails were as benign as you say , how much influence did russia really have on the election for you to be that upset ? 
  or is the principle of the interference that upsets you ? 
  if that 's the case , where 's the limit ? 
  are saudi arabian to blame for funding clinton ? 
  i think he had good intentions , but he lacks realism . 
  something i can agree with putin to a certain degree . 
  did we really expect pro democratic governments to appear out of thin air in areas influenced by radical islamic elements ? 
  i think that was the bulk of the issue, 
  pro ukrainian does n't necessarily mean pro western . 
  many of the maidsn protestors were both anti eu and anti russia , for example, 
  estonia is n't a historically and ethnically russian province . 
  not even close to the same thing . 
  i 'd rather live under nazi regime than isis if those were my only two choices , tbh . 
  my issue with the person i replied to was that he was trying to use one argument for another . 
  being anti immigrant , in his argument , meant you have to also support neo nazi movements . 
  my post was a sarcastic reply to how the same can go the other way . 
  it generates quite a good amount of asshurt from people who did n't like it , so i 'm pretty sure i got my point through . 
  i 'm more of acute type . 
  bottom line is that he used nothing but fallacies to bring about a point . 
  i did the same . 
  in contrast to that , the pro-immigrstion , pro tolerance camps are in cahoots with radical leftist groups such as antifa and communist who instigate violence and beat people up . 
  calling them by what their name is maybe be insulting , but it does n't take away from what they are . 
  it 's 2016 , it 's absolutely ridiculous that such people would beat people up simply on the basis of liking your country . 
  if by the secondary result of your actions you enable migrant crimes , you should at least be adult enough to own that shit and not try to dance away from what you 're doing . 
  how are they detached from reality ? 
  you call fox `` obviously worse , '' but on what grounds other than the fact it does n't fit your view ? 
  you seem pretty bias yourself giving favorable recognition to cnn and msnbc but a much more unfavorable view of right-wing politics . 
  honestly , the issue with msm ( of which fox is part of ) can be easily shown by people with views such as yourself . 
  you 're adamant on singling out different sides of views for the very defense of your own , removing any possible centrist views . 
  your spin on tying to make hardcore leftist views as `` centrist '' while foregoing other ( i.e. 
  fox ) is proof of that . 
  it gets blurred because half truths are just as scorned as fully fake news . 
  it gets blurred because half truths are just as scorned as fully fake news . 
  i do n't think that 's a valid thing to say . 
  although not a fan of either , cnn did the most bias coverage this election cycle , and they are poster child of sensational media . 
  they also conspired with the clinton administration in debates , something neither msnbc not fox did afaik . 
  msnbc is a hardcore liberally bias news station . 
  probably the most bias in terms of left wing . 
  they do n't hold any centrist views and are the best example of an echo chamber . 
  also lets not forget this [ gem ] ( https://youtu.be/gh68bsjxge8 ), 
  le asshurt trump maymees x -- d, 
  old habits die hard . 
  you are completely correct . 
  it 's gotten to the point where `` fact checking '' became an authoritative statement , despite any inaccuracies it may project instead . 
  people take it at face value that it * must * be true , paradoxically creating the very same `` fake news '' they 're trying to go up against . 
   consistency seem to be dead . 
  also true , but does it really surprise anyone ? 
  al gore was highly pro-electoral college until he lost it . 
  trump was anti electoral college until it saved him . 
  both of these can be considered real news , and both of them can be fake ; assuming we 're going off the titles . 
  if there is undeniable proof he used chemical weapons and the headlines states assad is using chemical weapons then it 's not fake news . 
  the `` fake news '' bogeyman is at it again . 
  before anybody does * anything * there should first be a clear cut definition of `` fake news . '', 
  what blasphemy of a religious calendar having religion on it . 
  [ norway ] ( http://imgur.com/a/h47ix ) i fulfilled my dream of seeing scandinavia this summer . 
  i stayed with a norwegian family , during which i took over 3,000 pictures . 
  i just picked out some to show different places i 've been to . 
  they 're not edited and i took most in a moving car ( i do have some artsy ones somewhere in that pile of 3k photos tho ) but they resonate a lot with me , 
  `` clouded by hatred '' what a brilliant argument . 
   oh come on , there are plenty of christian bible-thumping lunatics in the us as well who are almost as crazy . 
  can you list the plenty of christian bible-thumping lunatics in the us that massacre theaters , behead infidels , and stone women ? 
  pick out the worst in us ( i 'll help : kkk ) and they 're still miles ahead of islam . 
  stalinism is anti-human , mao-ism , leninism , castroism whatever you wan na call it , they 're all in essence anti-human . 
  only a 12 year old with no historical background whatsoeverand just sees `` equality '' think it is . 
  communism is not `` good on paper '' ; there is nothing good about destroying identities and nationalities .
