  africa has a bigger middle class than lower class for the first time . 
  you 'd know that if you actually looked it up , instead of just talking without knowing anything about it . 
  a rather irrelevant statement to the bigger picture . 
  sub-saharan africa does not get the true aid it needs . 
  point still stands . 
   says the person who did n't know that africa is experiencing it 's biggest improvement in living standards since forever . 
  post discarded . 
  you 'll be singing a much different tune when ivan comes , just you wait . 
   global poverty has been cut in half based on faulty methodological data and the rise of china , yes . 
  majority of your `` successes '' are not aimed at the poorest in need , but those who are on the fringe , who 's marginal betterment creates a delusional picture of improvement for the books . 
  while i 'm not going to say aid did nothing , i 'm also not going to coddle your fantasies that you 're some sort of world savior with your aid . 
  us has also contributed to majority of these , either through imf , charities , ngos etc. 
   i hope too . 
  that is the only way we get the us out of europe and european countries to get serious about making a common defense . 
  good , now go vote in a politician that will speed up the process so we do n't have to waste another cent on you . 
   the eu and member states give a combined $ 157,7 billion versus the us $ 31 billion . 
  so it 's actually 5 times as much . 
  you 're just sliding becase you know pretty well how irrelevant your countries are militarily . 
  if the millennium goals mean anything , your foreign aid has been one giant waste of money that has done very little ; other than appeasing your enlightened egos , of course . 
  i hope trump pulls the plug on free loading europeans and gets done with it . 
  the libyan mess made obama pessimistic regarding our euro allies , too . 
  i saw how it works and i 'm not one to defend the us system . 
  you are aware snowden lives in russia ? 
   did you miss the us election or all the bullshit russia spreads and now all those far right wingers believe in ? 
  you mean like the far right piece that stated the russian government hacked the election grid ? 
  oh wait , that was a lefty piece of fake news written by a `` trusted '' lefty source . 
  biggest problem with fake news is people like you are just politicizing it , and scape goating the issue on the other side to advance your own shitty opinion in form of a `` truth . '', 
  no thanks , keep censorship to yourself . 
  that 's the very center of the issue . 
  government gets to decide what 's right , and the thought police is on its way . 
  how is macedonia beating western europe countries ? 
  but they all lag behind switzerland and nethetlands , both of who m have a privatized system . 
  funny enough , when i was in norway over the summer my host family complained about the public system , preferring the private system . 
   the article is comparing private us healthcare to its european counterpart . 
  it 's trash for that exact reason . 
  if we 're going to go assume quality of care but ignore things that undermine it , of course it 's gon na look favorable . 
  it judges care of the better part of us to wholes of other nations ( hence the `` us has 3 healthcares comment ) . 
  your nhs statement is also lost on me , considering i do not care for nhs nor do i want socialized medicine . 
   to my knowledge , no one has attempted to segregate u.s. life-expectancy figures by insurance status . 
  but based on the data we have , it 's highly likely that those on private insurance have the best life expectancy , with medicare patients in the middle , and the uninsured and medicaid at the bottom . 
  that pretty much the threw the whole article in the garbage can . 
  i 'm also a little skeptical about using data from 90s ( when healthcare was more affordable ) to prove a modern day point , especially considering obamacare was rolling out in full swing about this time . 
  no , it 's not a stretch by any imagination . 
  it 's a fact that it 's successful and has continued to work since it 's inception . 
  at least we have a government . 
   i saw there came pretty damn close to indoctrination , of which my american friends were oblivious to until i pointed it out yeah ? 
  like what ? 
  it works just fine , that 's just the reason given for not letting us have voter ids . 
  this guy gets it . 
  ai n't that the damnest truth . 
  we 'll try to clean up foreign meddling , but god forbid we clean the corporations from the election too . 
  politifact is a known bias source and even they call it half true . 
   the problem lies in the methods that most of their leaders and important supporters use , the fake news fake news is n't an alt right tactic , you 're just deflecting the issue . 
  this is a meme propagated by the regressive left due to loss in influence in modern day politics , and is nothing more than a deflection . 
  putin hacked the election grid is fake news was done by lefty sources . 
  man screams on plane because he was arab , turned out to be false , jews draw swastikas on their doors etc are all fake news done on leftist sides . 
  refusal to acknowledge there is a fake news problem ( while calling it an alt right tactic ) just scapegoats the problem , creating fake news in the process , and should be addressed . 
  kkk is not a serious threat . 
  i ca n't think of any modern day incidents involving the kkk . 
  neo-nazis do n't cause as much harm as they used to , but i still would n't put them that high on the list . 
  at least in europe . 
   not to mention the ` alt-right ' getting more and more predominant in mainstream politics that 's a good thing . 
  like nothing . 
  french revolution was seen positively at first , but afterwhile we saw what a disaster it was . 
  doing what to ourselves ? 
  making america great again ? 
  if only y' all had the equivalent , you would n't be so jealous . 
  food , words , belarus & ukraine part of gdl , shared history of ussr ( whether liked or disliked ) etc. 
  to say you have nothing in common is idiotic . 
   i think current events across the pond show exactly why . 
  works too well for your taste ? 
  maybe . 
  the cracks have always been there , but if czech or hungarian cases mean for anything , then it could have lasted a lot longer . 
  the problem facing the ussr in the 80s ( under gorbachev ) was the question of how to reform the country without collapsing it . 
  question of political reform and economic reform . 
  gorbachev was soft hearted in his ideas , hence perestroika , glasnost etc. 
  however , the political reform did not work , and the country crashed . 
  when china saw the ussr 's failures they adopted the idea that they can not , under any circumstance , reform the political structure in the same way ussr did . 
  they also realized in the capitalist world they 'll have to adapt or risk collapse . 
  that being said , china is still communist . 
  reformed , but still there , and still shitty . 
  what country are you from ? 
  destruction of the ussr was a joint gorbachev-reagan event , to be honest . 
  gorbachev did n't intend to destroy it , but it was going to happen and he just let it happen . 
  it was a system that only used authoritative means to survive . 
  the minute somebody with a heart ( gorbachev ) came to power the system would have collapsed . 
  and it did . 
  had it been honecker or ceacescu leading communism , the ussr would have lasted some more . 
  reminds me out here in the u.s. during the `` fact checking '' episodes there was a site that stated `` trump 's data is correct , but he 's using it for ill intent , therefore he 's wrong . '', 
  ca n't remember the exact wording but it was something to that effect . 
  i feel as if there 's such a huge drive for `` truth '' and `` fact '' that it inadvertently is corrupting the very truths and facts people obsess over . 
   i sincerely believe that you should n't let media outlets decide your point of view . 
  if you do that , then you 're accused of spreading fake news , having a weird mind , or being a tin foiler . 
  case in point , / u/otolia pointing out that , in an ironic fashion , `` even '' / r/the _ donald `` think '' they 're the ones with critical thinking . 
  it 's come full circle . 
  critical thinking is just one huge double edged sword right now that 's turning into a lame buzzword rather than meaningful characteristic . 
  you still have n't answered my question . 
  deflection and a long road to mental gymnastics just proves you 'd rather have the gun than not . 
  that being said , yes , there are many examples from the u.s. where a good guy with a gun was able to save the day . 
  they just do n't make it to the world wide media attention because one dead criminal is n't worth the world 's attention in the same way a massacre is .
