  so you agree the eu does n't care about moldova , but think moldovans should agree to the lack of care they 're getting from eu ? 
  i get it , i would be against moldova entering eu too if i was in the eu , but i would n't be so disillusioned to say moldova does n't lose out . 
  at this point , anything for moldova is good , and knowing that eu does n't do much for it i would n't be surprised if moldova had gone to russia ( and it looks like slowly it is ) . 
  playing politics between west and east has been tough on moldova , and they need to take a stand . 
  at this point , any side is a good side . 
  the wall would have been built years ago , my friend . 
  nationalism is a truth , multiculturalism is n't . 
  it was multiculturalism that fragmented and destroyed the balkans . 
  race baiters are a category of racists . 
  you 're one of those . 
  brexit was n't a vote on which countries of the uk wanted to leave the eu . 
  by that same manner , scotland never voted to leave the eu ; not in the wording you want it to be . 
  yes , it was an aggregate vote . 
  that 's what it means to be part of a united country . 
   low-information voters are so easily manipulated it 's definitely a little terrifying if this is how you treat and view voters of other opinions , then do be reminded that the `` ugly-head '' that 's being shown is your own . 
  brexit was n't a vote on which countries of the uk wanted to leave the eu . 
  by that same manner , scotland never voted to leave the eu ; not in the wording you want it to be . 
  yes , it was an aggregate vote . 
  that 's what it means to be part of a united country . 
   low-information voters are so easily manipulated it 's definitely a little terrifying if this is how you treat and view voters of opinions , then do be reminded that the `` ugly-head '' that 's being shown is your own . 
  you are right about the right states not having votes in her favor , however ,  ( and state-by-state i think the only surprise was pennsylvania , the rest were either called right or ended within the margin of error this is n't true . 
  wisconsin and michigan were more of surprise than pa. . trump was working in the `` rust belt '' states , and people knew , but the polling and democratic party were wrong about the extent these states will go towards trump . 
  people actually felt he was wasting his time in those states rather than focusing on other swing states ( such as va , oh , nv ) . 
  in fact , they called those states `` blue wall '' or `` obama fortress '' to denote just how strongly they were democratic . 
  to a lesser extent , trump 's popularity was questioned in states where there should be a republican lean but polling showed democrats ( nc , florida ) . 
  i meant ukraine . 
  i made the statement at 3 am when i was n't thinking / too / clearly . 
  as usual , the sub goes on a raging fervor over nothing . 
  starting with this site , i assume ? 
  that 's rich coming out of the leaf with a drama teacher for a pm . 
  if south ossetia is part of georgia then georgians were on some hard kool aid to shoot their own villages . 
  if you 're gon na bring false equivalencies you may as well go all out and point out how putin is gassing jews to boot . 
  perhaps it 'll make your argument even stronger . 
  nato and georgia were both meant to join nato . 
  though , i believe it was the european powers who objected , not the us . 
  oh , but showing european soldiers deaths and not us deaths ? 
  pls . 
  more of our boys died , and yet you 're all ignoring their deaths . 
  it was in europe 's interest to the keep the world safe , as well . 
  also turn his back ? 
  europeans are bitching about american policing every other day . 
  oh , but showing european soldiers deaths and not us deaths ? 
  pls . 
  more of our boys died , and yet you 're all ignoring their deaths . 
  it was in europe 's interest to the keep the world safe , as well . 
  also turn his back ? 
  europeans are bitching about american policing every other day . 
  i madey case with germany . 
  it 's up to you to ignore that . 
  she 's doing that right now already . 
  it 's pretty obvious it 's for votes , tbh . 
  i remember watching the eu presidential debate some years back . 
  when a question came up about eurosceptics the general answer among the candidates was `` we do n't care about them , nor should we cater to them . '', 
  really , if the eu tried to adopt some nationalist measures , i think the popularity of eurosceptics would be halved over night . 
  but truth is , it wo n't . 
  if the us election can shed any light on a similar populist uprising in europe , then it is the fact that there are indeed economic conditions . 
  globalization comes with a strong attached and certain people will be affected . 
  a key demographic that trump won were poor whites , who shifted to republican because of repeated loss of jobs , and leftist failure to re-educate or to improve areas which saw job loss . 
  east germany could be similar to that . 
  it tends to have higher unemployment , lower disposable incomes etc. 
  and happens to be the region with the afd voters . 
  do n't worry , he does n't even think about you . 
  you 're the one using i insults and unsourced claims . 
  as far i 'm concerned , you 're the one who 's truly ignorant . 
  i 'm not even sure what your post is suppose to imply . 
   fuck you donald trump oh , butthurt . 
  carry on . 
  he 's not going to use us assets to destroy the eu . 
  where does it even say that ? 
  damn right it will . 
   the only way to win meaningful support is to not be corrupt and offer decent services ie sanitation , public health , law and order , education , ect ... ca n't say i have strong faith in the ukrainian government to pull that off , to be honest . 
  russia is the way it is because nobody takes it seriously . 
  it flexes its muscles and attacks small , weak pathetic neighbors to falsely prove it can project power on a global scale . 
  this , 100 % all the way . 
  when i was in norway they told me the family had a tradition of buying a watch for confirmation . 
  it entailed a trip to sweden , because the watches in norway are too expensive . 
  please stop bothering me and go shitpost elsewhere . 
   of people like you who think there 's a `` gay agenda '' to begin with . 
  lmao , i 'm not even the one who said there 's a gay agenda !, 
  the website itself said it !, 
   i already gave you one . 
  you gave me a shitty one . 
  find another or gtfo . 
   yes , i know , you 're a bigot and will find some way to dismiss any source that does n't actually agree with you . 
  i want a source , not a pile of garbage . 
  in the age of fake news and misinformation i want to see the bbc , msnbc , wapo even huffpo will be more satisfying . 
  but you go for the most obscure pile of bs you 'll cling to , in order to grasp for the biggest straw on the table . 
  and lose the buzzwords , please . 
   how about you just fuck off back to somewhere that is not / r/europe ? 
  go pollute your own digital shores with your denialism . 
  started off acting high and mighty , now you 're just having a meltdown . 
  no proper source , yelling , insulting ... how the mighty european have fallen . 
  do us all a favor , and leave , please . 
  ; ^ ) there have been some debates on the matter . 
  queerty . 
  jesus christ , the very motto at the top `` free of agenda , except the gay one '' you can not come up with a more obscure and bullshit source if you tried . 
  i 'll repeat again , [ citation needed ] and this time an actual , legit , credible source and * without * your shitty attitude . 
  `` i really want to call them far right , even though they 're not , but i really want to ! '', 
  yeah , those damned americans and their websites that i love to use !, 
  or like obama , during his crusade against fox .
