  you 're just projecting . 
   please , inform me of the current internal development of the afd . 
  gassing jews , clearly . 
  here i was hoping for a finnish duterte . 
   i shall go back to calling afd voters nazi supporters . 
  i , too , like watering down terms and meanings . 
  mccain has been doing that for decades , too . 
  may is now in the axis of right wingers too ? 
  german salt mines : the most efficient and most plentiful . 
   whereas of itself it is not an extremist position so should not be regarded as such . 
  language is always used to create an irrational fear of whatever you do not like . 
  even trump 's views are moderate at best , but only due to his immigration he was painted as a far-right extremist . 
  communist culture believed in total right of a woman to abort . 
  the trend is obviously continuing to this day , although slowly stopping . 
  good point . 
  perhaps if europeans stopped cheating at carbon emissions they 'd have a point , 
  something something human rights something something . 
  indeed . 
  james madison wrote a series of papers ( with some colleagues ) about how the us government should be structured , and a couple of times he mentioned poland and the liberum veto as `` something we should not do . '', 
  indeed , junckers comment is one big pile of pot calling the kettle black . 
   pot-kettle situation and that 's directed at you , not us . 
  nobody is disagreeing that us does n't pay any attention to eu or does n't meddle in its affairs , therefore your whole point is moot ( as should be clinton 's ) . 
  you sure like to criticize it a lot . 
  would have been managable if they were more centralized . 
  it was easily corruptable and officials were constantly bought out . 
  neighboring russia and prussia * to be exact . 
  the incredibly weak government of poland contributed the most , though . 
  james madison briefly wrote on the subject top , stating that we should not emulate the example of poland . 
   honestly , the question at this point should be why anyone at all likes him . 
  too many left wingers who are convinced he 's fighting the good fight . 
  he has too much power for the jerk he is . 
  zhirinovsky , at least , is controlled opposition . 
  i ca n't say much the extent of it , but destroying an alternative is one way to soft authoritarianism . 
  they do . 
  i watched an interview with glenn beck and he outright says that a rising conservative tide in the west is a direct result of dugin 's work . 
  i really do n't think dugin is doing much of anything for * that * kind of a world influence ... 
  it 's the struggle of orthodox vs. muslims in the region . 
  true , it 's not like they got a claim to the area , but the area had a historical significance on top of the strategic reason . 
  as proof of that , they tried to rename the area to it 's original greek name . 
   ( if only they had oriented towards europe earlier , at least workers would earn in more stable currency !? ), 
  the realism of that is exactly what i question . 
  what stopped them from orienting ? 
  it had no proper industry , it 's mostly agrarian , it suffered from a drought , it suffered from two secession movements ( one of them frozen to this day ) . 
  when your country is that bad , what do you want people to do ? 
   also , how much did moldova improve when it had pro-russian government in power ? 
  not exactly well , i 'd say . 
  voronin 's pro-russian government saw the largest expansion of gdp yet . 
  the more eu friendly government saw a down turn from 2014 to 2015 ( a massive one , at that ) . 
  however , you and i both know that does n't mean anything , for both cases . 
  i have n't studied the moldovan economy enough to tell you the full reason . 
  but even voronin picked his sides carefully . 
  pro-russian when it mattered , pro-european when it mattered then . 
  guy was an idiot , but his government did more than romanianists , at least . 
  i 'm not against eu , do n't get me wrong . 
  i just want to be realistic about how moldova should handle their situation . 
  us congress , at least in foreign policy , has been giving up their power for years . 
  not only that , it 's still a republican majority congress . 
  do n't be so optimistic about them handling trump . 
  leading up to trump 's victory , everybody said how the gop is being attacked by this `` new '' right , alt-right , etc. 
  and the republicans are on their death throes . 
  the morning after the election , people woke up to the most united conservative government since reagan times . 
  consequently , the democrats erupted in a fury . 
  the dnc became a finger pointing joke . 
  it still is a joke , and probably will be for some time . 
  to be honest , the term far right is an unfair one . 
  people 's dissatisfaction with the vote does n't change the fact that brexit was not a vote done by individual countries . 
  a wall is not a fence . 
  even so , iirc it 's only in certain areas . 
   moldova 's location alone says that only eu offers any viable perspectives for them . 
  you make the argument that eu is rich . 
  but can you make the argument that eu helped moldova develop ? 
  you blame moldova for all of their faults , and do n't get me wrong they have a lot to do themselves before they can go anywhere , however , moldova is in the middle of this east-west political battle , and hurting relations with russia also hurts moldova . 
  it 's been pro-eu all these years since 09 . 
  i do n't disagree eu would be a good option if it was a viable option . 
  you said it yourself , many of the eu members would n't want moldova in the union since it 's so poor and corrupt . 
  and with how the populist movements have been rising in the eu ( brexit and all ) it demeans the chances ever more . 
  the eu is richer * and * better , nobody is arguing that . 
  the extent of viable development from the eu is in question . 
   it 's just moldova itself has forgot to do its homework . 
  across the board , every former ussr country was better off than moldova , before * and * after the ussr . 
  estonia , for example , had half the moldovan population but had a gdp greater than about 3 times moldova in 1995 ( earliest statistics i can find on estonia ) . 
  you mention transnistria , but it 's not moldova 's fault that it 's there . 
  would estonia be as prosperous if narva was in a frozen conflict ? 
  what can or should moldova do ? 
  the gagauzia secession they fixed , but transnistria is not gon na budge . 
  coupled with the `` moldovan '' identity they are n't going to be joining romania any time soon . 
  politicians have n't been very welcoming to the romanian idea , and neither has the populace . 
  i * wish * it would magically work , but it does n't . 
  and moldova has to work with what it has and i see not much of a choice for moldova here . 
  glenn beck made the argument that the rising `` alt-right '' is a result of influence from dugin 's works . 
  i do n't know if i can agree with it , but the idea is there . 
  another interesting tidbit about the church , the ruler that christianized russia ( vladimir the great ) was baptized in crimea , at the time a battleground between orthodox and khazars . 
  the significance of the crimean region for the russians then goes back much later than its annexation in 1700s . 
  i 've read books and studied the russian government and foreign policy , that includes nato view and reasons for hostile view on its neighbors . 
  it 's a country that was a super power that got reduced to a local power ( and even that was questionable at first ) and as a result largely seeks to gain power and influence in order to project power elsewhere . 
  they have been an authoritarian country since muscovite revolt against the mongols , and they have always held the mantle as * the * most authoritarian in the world . 
  such a history means that shaking that off is not an easy thing to do , and russia today is an extension of that authoritarian heritage , albeit on a more softer scale . 
  you can most certainly try . 
  the us and the uk share a special relationship and bond . 
  if my vote towards trump can stand for anything , then it is for the us to stand by britain as our greatest ally .
