how 's it going ? 
   why is your vote in negative area ? 
  come again , please ? 
  really ? 
  i spent a lot of time in britain in the 90 's and have seen plenty ; maybe been fazed out . . 
  we 're not interested in your fucking answer !, 
  americans . 
  they invite you into their homes and have dinner with them , even . 
  they arrange a table at a full restaurant . 
  they always greet you properly with a smile ; say hello and goodbye . 
  they even say good morning to a stranger in the hotel lift down to be brekkie . 
  always very pleasant and friendly . 
  unlike the french , who are just being actual cunts . 
  how incredibly impolite the french are to guests and to people that are coming there improving and contributing to their economy . 
  i have visited about 30 countries in europe and the french - from normandy in the north all the way down to marseilles in south are * by far * the most impolite . 
  yeah , often times it is too informal - like many things in sweden , these days , unfortunately - and i would like it to be at least a bit more formal , like e.g. 
  british english - does n't have to be german formal - so that it does n't read , or sound , as slacker as it does currently . 
  fika is a lot more than having a coffee break ; it is a cultural thing . 
  huh !? 
  all countries where arla operate , have great milk . 
  every swede understands that tho !, 
  u\u00e4ck !, 
  or him in kramfors ? 
   the more statistically likely it is the the person is a pretentious dick . 
  as you will find that people are , when they try to make a thread about what they want to discuss , rather than what the topic is about , just because * they * want to discuss - special snowflakes that they are . 
  whirlpool has several of these as well . 
  here is mine : http://www.whirlpool.se/produkter-1/tv%c3%a4ttmaskiner-3/whirlpool-toppmatad-tv%c3%a4ttmaskin-awe-5100/859330961050/, 
  depends on who is speaking . 
  absolutely not !, 
  people should not be forced into having to fight for something , which they might not stand for at all !, 
  bathroom . 
  i live in a studio flat in the city . 
  no britain - it does not belong in the damned kitchen !, 
  have you ever tried meatballs on a pizza ? 
  it is really nomnomnom !, 
  do n't mention the cheese . 
  americans seriously can fuck up a good meatball !, 
  dudes - what the hell are you doing to it !? 
  :( and pancakes !, 
  this is what real pancakes look like : https://glutenfriakoket.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/dsc06196.jpg, 
  hey , you 've got an \u00e5 too !, 
  it goes both ways !, 
  rule britannia !, 
  greece . 
  idk which small little village you are from , but here in sthlm amex is accepted everywhere . 
  nope . 
  i think people learn english from watching tv and listening to music . 
  maybe sufferiden ? 
  gid moaning , you stupid woman !, 
  i saw the entire show and they always spoke english !, 
  is ren\u00e9 in ? 
  i have one and most newly built flats have both , but it is not common if you rent - only if you buy . 
  because here in sweden any that can be construed as being negative about immigrants is being negative . 
  it used to be . 
  too many immigrants here for it to still be clean now . 
  no , this is not a racist post . 
  the fact is that they do more things like fly-tipping . 
  you should have been here in the early nineties - then , it * was * clean !, 
  i know that it is possible to rent * a part * of a container or a moving company 's lorry - but do n't ask me how to go about it finding it . 
  people usually do n't bring washing machines when moving here in sweden . 
  with that little of furniture you are probably moving to a flat ? 
  almost all buildings of flats here , have laundry rooms . 
  i was going to say croatia actually . 
  yes , they are . 
  you can clearly see which are the italian tourists , which are the american cruise ship passengers and which are the stockholmians out to lunch here in our city . 
  all about us , here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden#/media/file:swedish_empire_%281560-1815%29_en2.png https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_empire, 
  - equal , 50-50 , paid paternity - and maternity leave . 
  - legislated number of company board seats , equally divided between men and women , for privately owned companies . 
  - yet , there are more sexes here - politically - than men and women . 
  sorry mate !, 
  i like danes though and i 've even worked for a danish company . 
  it is just your accent that does n't help the arousal in bed . 
  i once had a danish girlfriend . 
  she was a model and the prettiest girl i 've ever dated , but in bed - all i wanted for her was the shut the fuck up . 
  i would have to say good old blighty . 
  i ended up staying with and indian family . 
  second after that would be the us because there i ended up in smallville - pop . 
  how and where did you notice that ? 
  where did you go ? 
  correct and if they are , they are often christian !, 
  there once was a man named nobel ... 
  many iranian immigrants fled to sweden in the 70 's and 80 's . 
  they are not allowed to enter the us now - e.g. 
  one girl i know who has an iranian place of birth in her swedish passport - who had booked a holiday with her swedish born friends to fl . 
  now she ca n't go . 
  she has n't even been to iran for 18 years . 
  we already tried that once , remember ? 
  what ` eu community ' ? 
  very much so . 
  who else would make billions and chicago pd ? 
  why would n't we ? 
  sometimes i wonder how some people come up with their thoughts . 
  berlin . 
  which way is up ? 
  the way that it hangs from a tree . 
  nature knows and so do we . 
  yeah , my grandparents thought it was me answering !, 
   http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/galleries/x701/122385.jpg sweden of course our looks the best !, 
  i have been thinking about the same and have no idea what i will do now . 
  british politeness in sweden .
