long way through the mist : http://i.imgur.com/wpeji0z.jpg, 
  the huntsman knife looks far far better than the flip imo , mainly because of the animation, 
  if you win your first game , you 'll get back to your original rank , but if you lose a few games you 'll drop a few ranks . 
  and for the skins and not being able to join , maybe the steam servers are/were down ? 
  mm_dedicated_search_maxping 80, 
  money well spent, 
  what are the files ? 
  your profiles/saves or modifications ? 
  if they 're profiles , then they 'll be saved by steam cloud , as long as you have allowed cloud to auto-save your progress within the game . 
  on the other hand , if you mean game modifications , then they wo n't be saved by the cloud . 
  where in ireland do you live in ? 
  i had 10 when it was happening , but i got rid of them now that it 's a legitimate issue . 
  the game runs great , zotac gtx 970 , intel core i5 3570k 3,10 ghz . 
  the fps is constantly on 60fps with all settings on very high , and 4x msaa . 
  yes , i gave the game full priority , as i heard someone say that it helps with the stability of the game , but i sort of doubt that . 
  you are bad and you should feel bad . 
  now cry !, 
  snow elves . 
  everything is more fun with them , especially wars . 
  well the client for cevo is called `` celavimus '' , so why not . 
  the whole thing about him cheating in dayz is bullshit in my opinion . 
  but i do think that the ( ccg ) admins were giving him some extra special treatment to promote their server . 
  you get your weapons back just from relogging , not sure about your money and other items though . 
  you should 've recorded yourself shooting the minigun , now that 's where fps drops truly come out . 
  did you intend to post a screenshot of a post from / r/halflife instead of an esl rulebook ? 
  that 's actually really clever !, 
  well done !, 
  he saw the nickname appear on his screen , as someone made a thread of recently . 
  does anyone know the song in the background ? 
  removal of skins . 
  happy birthday !, 
  trilluxe is a well known cs youtuber , so it still is technically related to cs . 
  another thing , i 'm pretty sure that '' \u0448\u0435\u0440\u0431\u0435\u0442 '' is not peach , but rather sorbet , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  my mates constantly get told that , despite having the most signature english accents ever . 
  i do n't think russians know the concept of accents . 
  can i join this club with my g302 ? 
  what do you think of it ? 
  i 'm seriously considering getting it . 
  yes . 
  from lem to supreme . 
  took about 6 or so wins . 
  i 'm pretty sure that faceit allows you to set up your own events . 
  http://imgur.com/hoht4g2 this happened a few weeks ago . 
  mp_ct_default_melee '' '' ( if you 're on t side , change the ct to t ) and give weapon_knife_karambit, 
  i think so . 
  but it 's not that expensive from what i can remember . 
  what 's this a reference to ? 
  i see it everywhere . 
  what the fuck ? 
  a high percentage of people use the g502 in cs ( according to a survey that someone did on this sub around a month ago ) . 
  so it 's just him not being used to it for now . 
  hm good point . 
  this is great , thanks for doing this !, 
  but ,, 
  http://i.imgur.com/pbji1ck.png - as you can see , the '' \\ | '' and '' # ~ '' is not included , as well as the g1-g9 buttons , the big g logo in the top left and the g910 logo at the bottom . 
  other than that , this is really well made . 
  in a way , you just turn to the left/right in a really smooth motion without having to move your mouse , which means that using those binds , his movement will be smooth , and he wo n't need to do countless mouse-mat swipes . 
  well yeah , if you look at 0:52 in the video , try to do that many turns with your mouse within ~ 3 seconds . 
  no problem . 
  glad you took your time with it . 
  i 've seen tons of skins called immigration control , and as far as i remember most of the owners were americans, 
  i had an awp lightning strike called ride the lightning as a reference to the metallica 's album . 
  also had a deagle blaze called welcome to hell , as a reference to venom . 
  was pretty cool when people got the references . 
  do n't hold w or s. use a/d + mouse to turn . 
  the rest you will eventually get yourself . 
  you may have trouble finding this mouse , but the logitech g9x is a really nice and small claw grip mouse that i used for +3 years before the scroll wheel stopped working and i had to switch to the g302 . 
  i remember that . 
  it was either snax , byali or neo that did it . 
  i 'll try to find a yt link for you . 
  edit : https://youtu.be/i-rrnfmlpmo is this it ? 
  done, 
  offer sent, 
  edit : thanks for the trade , 
  thanks for the upgraded vulcan < 3 upvoted, 
  ca n't be just me thinking that this price is just completely over the top, 
  thanks for doing this and good luck with your business !, 
  sorry not really , good offer though . 
  good luck in trading it , 
  i 'm really looking to get as close to 100 as i can . 
  want me to c/o you ? 
  fnatic flame though, 
  nah it 's just every eastern european ever . 
  true . 
  the english are quite often either toxic or far too loud and just do n't shut up . 
  done, 
  sure , send me an offer and i 'll accept . 
  thanks for the trade , 
  if you look at the video of the ost , in reply to the person who wrote out the lyrics in lithuanian in the comments , a different person translated them into english ( and from what i 've looked at them , they 're about as accurate as you can get ) . 
  https://imgur.com/6mvipz7 - sorry for the crappy screenshot , i 'm currently on my phone . 
  do n't worry about it , happens to everyone, 
  could it be because you played a pug and not a scrim ? 
  just derank , it 's ok . : ^ ), 
  will you be hosting this at any different time ? 
  at least for the uk , this is being hosted on an exam period , so if attendance will be an issue , i 'm sure if you hosted it during mid/late summer , there would be a lot more people joining . 
  agreed . 
  i 'd also like to know why it 's there . 
  or he 's not a native english speaker ? 
  what he meant to say was that he wants an awp asiimov with the lowest float that he can afford for 24k . 
  you really do n't have to be a dickhead about it , it 's perfectly clear what he meant .
