  they 're those mad kebab removers that you turks fear . 
  what, 
  to most this will seem like a shameless attempt to profit in a very unmoral way , but there are many people in the cs community who would be willing to pay 4x the price of an item just because a pro owned it ( due to the collector 's status of the skin ) , so hey , if someone is willing to take it and sees it as a ( somewhat ) reasonable price , it 's fine then ( with me at least ) . 
  i do n't think anyone is saying that mm was the direct `` cause '' of his suicide , but it definitely did contribute to him feeling miserable enough to think that suicide is the only option . 
  but i do have to agree with your last point , i do n't think that a less toxic community would have saved or prolonged his life . 
  also , when he gets more involved into the game , he could watch `` robdeeful '' 's videos to give some him some insight into the mindset of an ex-pro player . 
  i personally found it quite helpful , especially for ct side holds . 
  if i were you i 'd just get a yellow insurgent . 
  if people try to kill you , you 're able to survive and punish them , if not , well you just leave them . 
  woah . 
  i5 2500k with a gtx 980ti ? 
  why, 
  traded a kara slaughter fn for nearly 200k , just a few months before it dropped to ~ 150k . 
  i think we all realise that, 
  1v1 does n't reflect skill at all . 
  anyone could kill anyone in a 1v1 since it 's just mainly who peeks out at a better angle and has their cross hair closer to the other person 's head . 
  do n't get discouraged , and as someone said , you 'd completely outplay all of those people in an actual 1v1 on a pug/mm match . 
  go ask this on / r/globaloffensivetrade, 
  i ca n't really say much without actually seeing you play but i can say this for holding angles , do n't place your crosshair on the corner as there is no way you 'd ever react to the person peeking out right away . 
  place your crosshair slightly off from the corner , where you 're confident that you will hit them in the head without having to flick to them and not being slow enough for them to get the first shot on you . 
  robdeeful and natosaphix are the only interesting cs youtubers for me, 
  pretty much , yes . 
  the saints row series was a lot of fun for me personally on coop . 
  i 'll probably get flamed for this , but if you run out of options , try the logitech mechanical keyboards . 
  i have the g910 and like it a lot with the only draw back for me being a lack of customisation for the colours which the k70/k90/k95 offer . 
  xbox 360 or xbox 1, 
  you forgot to tip your fedora there mate, 
  a server where lots of people play 1v1s . 
  he 's just referencing stereotypes , do n't take them seriously . 
  low float fn m4 royal paladin with 2014 dh nip holo stickers all over it please . 
  holy shit thank you so much for this . 
  i 'd love to get the division though . 
  literally everyone in this comment section has sided with the op , why are you even trying , just admit that you 're wrong and move on . 
  may i ask why you want to learn lithuanian ? 
  it 's not the sort of language that people would try to learn due to it 's small use outside of lithuania , so i 'm pretty curious . 
  oh that 's nice , good luck in your studies and your lithuanian learning . 
  because it 's very cool to hate on anime nowadays, 
  because some of the community are really cringy and overly obsessed with anime , thus casting a bad name on the whole community and anime itself . 
  nothing to do with racism :p, 
  i could swear that vilnius was titled to be as being one of the less polluting , ( and therefore ) cleanest ` airs ' in europe this/last year . 
  civ 5 is a really good game . 
  i recommend to play it with the dlcs and friends , that way it 's a lot of fun !, 
  christmas and summer are the main sales . 
  sometimes you 'll find these specials like halloween and valentine 's day sales , but typically only the games that fit the holiday theme are on sale . 
  one is a mac version the other one is for windows . 
  it 's actually not that hard on ok , i once did it with two level < 70s ( not infamous ) and an infamy 1 level 80 , and even the low levels did n't get downed more than twice . 
  what you said earlier was not racist in any way , shape or form , so do n't apologise as you 've said nothing wrong . 
  that 's not the british flag . . 
  maybe he had a bindtoggle on + left / + right for whatever reason, 
  it 's really broken though . 
  for some reason it requires an insane amount of cpu usage and thus makes rendering really slow and jittery as well as cause fps drops . 
  just circle around the outside of the wall and you 'll be able to shoot everyone down risk-free . 
  he 's not being a dick and technically he 's right , mod related threads should go to a mod-based subreddit . 
  no they ca n't, 
  i could swear there is a thread like this at least once every week . 
  they still list yugoslavia as a country so this does n't surprise me that much, 
  https://youtu.be/gnwkhq8l_5c i 've heard this being played many times in the past but never actually appreciated how good this song is until now, 
  this has nothing to do with him playing on pc . 
  this happens to my g302 , but instead of the mouse looking up it looks down . 
  but she spells everything else without any error, 
  corclejerk, 
  as cynix said , there are commands in the game that can mute the chat/voice , and if they 're persistent enough to go and attack him on his steam profile , he can always adjust his steam profile settings . 
  also, 
  * cl_mute_enemy_team `` 1 '' ;, 
  * voice_enable `` 0 '', 
  do n't even pretend like that happens often , over the 2000 hours that i played this game , there have been less than ten people who have done that . 
  and besides the discussion here is about people who have depression and other emotional problems playing this game and having to deal with exceptionally rude people . 
  are you using an enb or some other graphics mod ? 
  this used to happen in gta sa with enbs . 
  i 'm not sure if we 're seeing the same thread but to me it looks like it 's the op 's that 's being toxic and hostile , not the other guys . 
  `` he ca n't code for shit and neither can you so fuck off '' . 
  https://youtu.be/9uf1tjygeau?t=5m44s reminds me of this, 
  . webm, 
  it 's not . 
  it 's the button you press to switch to your previously held weapon . 
  you 'd mainly do this after shooting an awp and then hitting q quickly to switch to the knife and then q again to switch back to the awp . 
  when i cycled through the resolutions , the lowest i saw was 1280x720 , sorry bud . 
  it 's a big ol pupper, 
  you could ask a teammate to do the long smoke from the ct boost box, 
  really ? 
  i usually get someone to do that for me and do a quick popflash into the balcony thing on the corner and i ca n't remember the last time i got killed while crossing into pit, 
  fair enough, 
  just check on hltv.org, 
  do you understand the economy of the game or do you just buy every round ? 
  what are you even on about, 
  i 'm fine with what i have thanks . 
  what do you suggest we should care about then ? 
  what ? 
  jinjahd said that watching games without casting is really boring , and your response more or less confirmed his initial comment , yet you said that you disagree with his comment ? 
  oops , that 's what i meant . 
  but i still fail to see how your comment makes sense in response to his point . 
  it 's rumoured that the lore should come out once the game leaves beta . 
  because in competitive you can only pick a champion that 's at least level 4 , and there can only be 1 champion per game ( not per team ) . 
  so that means if you get last pick , that 's 9 champions already reserved by the other players . 
  you ca n't just play damage or flank all the time , no matter how good or shit you are , you 're going to have to take a champion that you do not like for the sake of your team . 
  when did kennys ' english get so good ? 
  alright , thanks to both of you !, 
  to add to this , use eso-fashion . com to see most of the sets and costumes, 
  i used to call a highway on cache speedway, 
  you misspelled `` knife '',
