  i have said already that i read the article . 
  why do n't you read the posts ? 
  are you blind ? 
  you do n't know what irony means . 
  you made up your mind on why i dissed the telegraph without me saying why . 
  hence there is no irony . 
   leave mensa to those that stand a chance . 
  you said it would take hundreds and thousands . 
  i showed you hundreds of thousands , on year , even millions . 
  i certainly wo n't leave it to you , since i already told you 7 times at least how my statement worked with the requirements . 
  you certainly belong to far left of the '' x '' line . 
   sure it is when applying to what i 'd rather do , just as it applies to if what you would only do . 
  you 'd rather be renter and a servant , i 'd rather be a landowner , and a customer . 
  fine by me . 
  haha you little shitty troll . 
  surely it is n't fine since you use the premise as an argument . 
  sorry mate , already debunked that and explained it to you . 
  you went to the negative side now ( figuratively ) . 
   really ? 
  because that 's how you started this thread . 
  you 're now saying everything you 've argued should n't be taken on face value ? 
  fair enough . 
  i accept your concession ( although i suspect you need to go back to the start to appreciate the hole you 've dug , you clearly can '' t remember ) what a fine sign of weakness . 
  ofcourse when you lose in the debate you start addressing irrelevant things . 
  it is ok though . 
  you know you suck at rational thinking , i know it too . 
   learly relevant when i have to talk you through how to read posts , have to restate comments doubletime for you to understand . 
  you 've time and time again argued something i 've not said , tried to make out that i 've said something i did n't , and failed to understand , read even links properly . 
  this is the definition of irony . 
  if you want more help , look it up on the internet . 
   i 'd thought you were a poorly informed american , not that all americans are , but now i know that your big problem is reading english articles , then i 'm done . 
  delicious irony , so sweet . 
   hope you had a good christmas too . 
  hope you will have a moment of self-reflection and realize how terrible you are at rational thinking . 
  as i had said before , you are either really stupid or just weak . 
  understand though that not all people are made equal and some are made for lesser work . 
   telling someone capitalising on a weaker currency that they could n't capitalise on a weaker currency was great by the way - it 's not as if i do n't know of hundreds personally doing just that . 
  hunders of thousands . 
  billions and billions as carl seagan allegedly said . 
  you are a funny little man . 
  keep up the good work . 
  you are my personal jester now . 
  there , here 's a pound . 
   i have the added advantage of being to open up links and not misconception at every turn . 
  how many times did it take you to open up the read more link again which you said was only 6 lines and without facts or references ? 
  too many . 
  do n't lie . 
  i had n't seen the read more button but it did n't have any effect on my remark . 
  the article had a statement , which i mentioned was there , but the rest of the stats were describing the population . 
  people are buying second homes and holiday homes , buying mortgage free properties and releasing their capital , extending their savings and improving their quality of life because they are either a ) stupid , or b ) weak ofcourse they will do that . 
  they would be stupid if not ( granted that they have the ability ) . 
  but my sentence had nothing to do with that . 
  it concerned the off context remark . 
  if only there lied our difference , heh . 
   by what ? 
  saying a link is only 6 lines when it is not , or by saying it is the telegraph when the same paper would love to be lording it over how people were n't moving back and that the euro had n't grown on the pound ? 
  you literally wandered into r/europe and decided to make things up to fit your passportless world view . 
  two things : a ) this discussion certainly did n't contain only this point . 
  b ) you keep clinging on the fact that i did n't fully read the article . 
  i thought we were done with this . 
  c ) your last statement makes no sense . 
  where do you base it on . 
   in response to me not addressing your points . 
  did i not just quote your response ? 
  yes i did . 
  did you not just concede that there are millions where earlier you said it would only take thousands to effect ? 
  yes you did . 
  did you just misread a link , again , and have to be shown fault in your comprehension ? 
  sadly , yes . 
  for the second time you quickly moved on when you noticed your mistake . 
  it is one thing to quote and another to respond to the content . 
  if logic worked like that everyone would be a mensa member . 
  again , i did n't concede . 
  i referred to the `` hundrends and thousands '' in context which you did n't address . 
   how do i need proof to show what i would rather do ? 
  i 'd rather be the investor , the landlord , the one with the disposable income to be a tourist , ... if you 'd rather be the owned , the tenant , the waiter to the tourist that 's up to you . 
  problem is that the premise `` if ... you '' is not true . 
  i will also be the banker , a company and any entitiy that a financial reality contains . 
  it is not like i am a slave . 
  besides , i will make money from your spending and visit some other country , yours or not ( matters not ) , and receive the same services . 
   you also asked how a stronger currency could continue having buying power , and i explained how developed economies actually work , have worked , are working , and how it is an observable economic event . 
  i did n't ask how a stronger currency will survive . 
  that is not the point of conflict . 
   i simply stated that those moving , investing , visiting , because of a weaker currency , they doing so would also have greater purchasing power otherwise they could n't do it , and i would far rather be they . 
  not to the point though that it will make the local people 's lives miserable and difficult . 
   we appreciate your investments this was said in a sarcastic way and should n't be taken literally . 
   ahhh . 
  so english is n't your first . 
  explains a lot . 
  leaves more questions unanswered though . 
  irrelevant , distracting and deceiving questions , for the influence is not proven ( in said context ) and i will not give you that answer . 
   go back and read from the start sherlock ; one specific point which i said i 'd take over the other points . 
  that i 'd far rather be the one capitalising on being able to move to a country with greater purchasing parity for my stronger currency than having to be moved to . 
  but that is a false . 
  i explained it to you again and again . 
  it is one thing a stronger currency and another purchasing power . 
  [ ppp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:gdp_ppp_per_capita_2009_imf.png )  y' up . 
  there 's a million britons in spain . 
  exactly what i 've been telling you . 
  i 've since told you i know from experience .
