  as for the point , i have already addressed it , debunked your argument and showed a dozen of times how stupid you sound when you try to rationalize a preference with faulty premises . 
  do you accept now the reality ? 
  * recognize * you are defeated and get back to the thread to analyze the causes of the spanking . 
  should make a r/teachtardsdebating but i do n't have the time . 
  someone else may feel pity for you and do it . 
  alas , i am not sure . 
   you 're amero spelling adjective to what ? 
  besides , i asked of which verb ` knowledge ' is a subject/object . 
  in any case do you finally accept defeat and recognize that you are my little bitchy jester ? 
  i am glad if you do . 
   claims without premise . 
  finally !, 
  that 's exactly what you 've been doing . 
  glad we agreed on your incompetence . 
  let 's take it one a time , shall we ? 
   how about the fact that i kept you left hanging for 2 weeks just to rub it in ? 
  let alone that statement does n't even stand . 
  but the statement does stand . 
  you do understand this right ? 
   at this point i do n't expect you to understand english properly . 
  that 's ironic since you ca n't understand a metaphor . 
  why are you digging you grave always . 
  it is so easy . 
   and after 2 weeks of leaving you holding , and now that it is just you and i. . . 
  ... even you know that i am your superior . 
  funny how you returned after 2 weeks to respond to me . 
  shows what a sensitive ego you have . 
  problem is : you do n't have the ability to save it . 
  i am certain we are on the same page concerning that . 
   you * prove * it again then for me . 
  stronger currency manipulates the weaker . 
  you keep using that word . 
  i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
  then again , that was to be expected . 
   i simply stated i 'd rather be the tourist , with a comparably stronger currency , in the position to visit . 
  hahaha , are you going to cry now ? 
  nice premise you based that on . 
  you should n't have responded to me in the first place . 
  you tried to rationalize your preference with faulty premises . 
  oh well , again you failed . 
   you 're amero spelling and your defunct european logic/common knowledge of what verb is `` knowledge '' a subject ? 
   ** without premise ** , you 're amero spelling and your defunct european logic/common knowledge , to boot with commenting on , in references to yourself saying that you were one of the continentals , and then calling it ironic that , i should say so ... hahaha , ofcourse without premise . 
  that is what you have been keep doing all the time . 
  you are really bad at this thing . 
  please stop posting . 
  by the way , it is your not you 're . 
  is n't that ironic as well ? 
   ahh ... failed to defend english as your first twice . 
  explains a lot . 
  why are you talking about yourself . 
  let me explain it to you with algebra . 
  you have lost . 
  it is a fact . 
  why not accept it ? 
    oh yeah because carl ` sagean ' and that loose metaphor even came close to a point . 
  i do n't expect you to understand the metaphor . 
  you are stupid . 
  we are on the same page as far as that is concerned . 
   give another pound to me : who said a strong currency could n't exploit the weak ???? 
  notice how you did n't even address an actual point , i 'll stick with the last for now , i feel we 've reached a solution . 
  hahaha , here is another pound there , my little jokester . 
  one needs to reward a good try . 
  now please , accept your defeat and recognize you are my little bitch . 
  ** tap tap !, 
  there is another spank !, 
   i 'm english , fucker . 
  we designed it . 
  lol what . 
  no you did n't . 
  apart from stupid you are also ignorant . 
  your life must really really suck . 
   so you are american !, 
  as with the rest of the arguments , you again inferred something without premises . 
  not a big suprise there really . 
  you do not know what the word `` irony ' means . 
  look it up , my little jester . 
  although , i have to admit . 
  you are usa 's bitches . 
   you 're the one that referred to your original argument and then referred to it all being irony . 
  maybe this 'd work better if i conversed in your native tongue ? 
  you do n't understand your own language now . 
  do numbers help you more , maybe ? 
  please , accept defeat . 
  you have been massacred . 
  anyway , since you again didnt address my points and since i keep raping you in this debate , please state that you recognize defeat and you concede . 
   personal attack without foundation : water of a duck 's . 
  without foundation ? 
  * hahahahahaha * !, 
  so you corrected the spelling mistake but did n't refer to the statement . 
  good , i know it is you then . 
   are you sure you can afford it , what with the superior currency and all ? 
  hahaha , you are so much fun . 
  there , here is another pound little jester . 
   a ) which is why i referenced other replies , namely your first . 
  b ) you just said you did n't read the article because you did n't click the read more link c ) the article you just dissed , ad hominem , as being ` the telegraph ' , despite the telegraph loving to be the ones overlording it to the eu , not marking an exodus . 
  keep up , read the links . 
  oh the irony given your ( b ) . 
  that makes me 3 for 2 by your math ... 
  the article was dissed because it had no cause and effect illustrated . 
  at least the mechanism was n't mentioned .
