  oh damn right internationals would move to mop up after the riots died down . 
  yes they would buy homes and pay taxes but foreign investors would have a lot more buying power if converting from a strong to a weaker currency . 
  it would n't be good for americans though , the markets would become artificially inflated to capitalise the most on the foreign investors , leaving americans out in the cold . 
  that 's exactly why i said there are laws . 
  the advantage both the usa and uk have is this : devaluation / appreciation . 
  contrary to the eu these nations can control their currencies . 
   oh the irony . 
  it would ironic indeed , if i was talking nonsense . 
  i do not . 
  you either deliberately ignored the reasoning or you are simply dense . 
  a ) i mentioned that the country has a stronger exporting power . 
  this is a fact . 
  if you do not understand why it is i suggest you go back to school and learn algebra . 
  more exports means more profits . 
  that boosts both the economy , and consequently the state 's power . 
  b ) tourists do visit the same place more than once . 
  millions of tourists visit great britain each year . 
  those people will spend more because their currency can buy more . 
  same consequence as above : the economy grows . 
  c ) buying power = / = strong currency . 
  the foreign capital invests . 
  this creates more jobs and also , you guessed it , boosts the economy . 
  you mentioned : `` controlled by outsiders '' . 
  this means nothing when you do n't explain why it is bad . 
  also , it is not controlled.the firm pays taxes and obeys the national laws . 
  again , you are wrong . 
  please think before you type . 
   but if she comes from the us and it 's the us you 're talking about with this now wonderfully weak usd then oil and international hedge funds are no longer using it and the us has undergone a massive crash . 
  so careful what you wish for . 
  this makes no sense . 
  you will retire in the usa and you will pay taxes and spend your hard earned pounds to buy products . 
  oh , you will also buy a house , right ? 
  welcome to america ( btw i am not an american ) . 
  this time do n't be hasty . 
  you have all the time in the world to respond intelligently . 
  you did n't prove how it is exploitable . 
  also , this is not how the economy works . 
  a weak currency means this : 1 ) firms find it easier to sell goods in foreign markets . 
  this means more state income ( taxes ) and less unemployment ( companies expand ) . 
  2 ) tourists spend more in the visiting country . 
  this also strengthens the local economy . 
  3 ) more investment . 
  foreign capital has more power . 
  this also boosts the economy . 
  also , you imply that a non totalitarian state could be exploited . 
  you do not state how . 
  that is why there are laws , even in the free market . 
  edit : if you do indeed retire in mistyriver 's country , be certain that they will be more than happy to accomodate you . 
  you will pay taxes and buy property . 
  please , do not hesitate . 
   i 'll take the strong currency every time thanks . 
  expect me in your lovely country by my late 30s . 
  i 'll be looking for a cheap , expensive to you , retirement home where i shall live like a king with my comparative wealth , which i shall endeavour to use to buy your wealth . 
  so your argument for a strong currency is this ? 
  your username is not irrelevant , sadly . 
  on par with the majority of op 's linked articles , if i may say . 
  this was posted 5 days ago in this subreddit . 
  check before reposting . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/msn1o/greeks_balk_at_paying_steep_new_property_tax/ also , the article is bs . 
  i skimmed through and spotted this sentence : `` many greeks consider the new tax , ** which makes no exceptions for the unemployed or the elderly ** '' false . 
  several social groups , including disabled , unemployed and those with very low salaries will either get exempted or pay a lower tax . 
  this article is bullshit . 
  yes you did , did n't read it though . 
  one piece of advice though regarding greece . 
  do n't visit the country on the 17th of november . 
  it is the polytechnic uprising anniversary then and you may get hit by a molotov or a rock ( the peaceful protests become , almost always , violent ) . 
  at least , do n't visit the two biggest cities ( athens and thessaloniki ) . 
  i know you said your tour will take 10 weeks . 
  avoid visiting greece the first week , although i presume you will start from the north . 
  you are completely and utterly stupid , if you actually believe this . 
  how about you do what i stated in my post ? 
  nobody cares what your wishes are . 
  this is a community and not your propaganda platform . 
  stop littering the subreddit and learn how to be a proper poster . 
  how about you stop spamming / r/europe ? 
  are you a karma farmer or a bot ? 
  you are posting at a rate of 6 links per day just in this subreddit . 
  every single one of them contains pessimistic anti - eu content . 
  be more selective , pick credible sources and stop fucking spamming . 
  your stats : 116,282 link karma 946 comment karma, 
  saw the quote from der spiegel after i posted the answer . 
  it correctly describes the fragile situation.you have to consider though that not all those reactions have the same causes . 
  the political career of pasok 's ( and any party 's for that matter ) member depends on public opinion . 
  when you vote for austerity measures that cut wages and fire people from the public sector , public opinion about you will be negative . 
  you affect the lives of hundres of thousands of voters . 
  besides , demagogic tactics are mostly employed in tough times . 
   what i was trying to explain is that this is not risk-free or costless for the giving nations . 
  that 's 100 % true . 
  the risk is high . 
  plus , it was the state that caused its debt , not an external european source . 
  as for pasok and the members voting against : two months ago , we had another parliamentary vote taking place for austerity measures ( the first ones ) . 
  i remember 3 members of the party being against the measures and stating that they would vote against . 
  in the end the two voted for . 
  it is a fragile situation and nobody is certain . 
  apart from the vote , there is also a european meeting on sunday . 
  we shall see . 
  sorry but suggesting that this is solidarity , is a naive thing to say . 
  both persons and goverments act for their best interest . 
  at least , they act in a certain way which they deem optimal . 
  a greek bankruptcy will decimate the european economy .
