  this is n't a zero sum game . 
  you want to make a profit ? 
  by default you are risking your capital . 
   as for `` you do n't mention where you get this money from '' in relation to living it like a king ... not been to france or spain recently , can i take it ? 
  whole swathes of brits have been able to move out there and to change the property scene with second homes because of the strength of the currency , even though sometimes the taxation is higher . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  you do not mention where you get the money from in this statement . 
  let me solve it for you . 
  whether you work in the public or private sector , you are getting paid . 
  if your economy is not competitive then your state and the firms will borrow to fulfill the demands . 
  you ca n't pay the loans back ? 
  you go into recession ( hint : austerity measures ) . 
  recession means less buying power . 
  good luck with that . 
  that 's when a competitive country with a product surplus will export the goods to you and because their currency is weaker they can still profit . 
  it is a circle . 
   okay , realistic example . 
  if you 're french or spanish you will have to pay more for a family home in the french countryside or on the spanish coast for the simple reason that foreign investment has driven the prices up . 
  foreign investment ? 
  this is not how it works . 
  location and demand will define the price . 
  then if the local economy can not absorb the supply and foreigners invest ( so you mean foreign countries with a stronger currency ) in the property depending on the scale of said investment prices will go up . 
  a ) the specific french countryside property is mainly being used by the rich . 
  what this means is that rich french will not have a problem buying it . 
  b ) if foreigners acquire property it does n't mean that the prices will rise . 
  for fuck 's sake , how did you infer that ? 
  do you think that a property seller will rise the prices after he supplied the foreigners ? 
  if the demand falls to the earlier stages ( before foreign investment ) then the prices will remain the same and probably fall , if there is no demand at all . 
  if you 're in venice , italy , you might be very concerned for the local economy because most of the housing ends up in foreign hands and stays empty for most of the year , meanwhile local residents have to move away . 
  yes this is also because of desirable locations being purchased by the wealthy , but one look at what has happened to france and spain and it is clear that the wave of british expats are not limited to the elite . 
  they 're just wealthy in comparison . 
  pensions are worth more , uk dividends are worth more . 
   but one look at what has happened to france and spain and it is clear that the wave of british expats are not limited to the elite . 
  apart from the fact that you do n't mention what happened , you still do not understand how it does n't work against the local population . 
  i explained it above . 
  you think the market as a simple dynamic system . 
  it is n't . 
  there is demand , supply , foreign and local investment . 
   so if i sell up and move there i will have buying power , if it is a migration prices will be move up artificially to the natives . 
  you 're right that i will also be able to buy a business , land , but it 's not the person that 's always lived there that is going to be the owner , the landlord . 
  that 's me . 
  he 's the worker and the tenant . 
  for the prices to go up there need to be thousands of british wealthy midde class citizens to come to france , buy land and affect the market ( example ) . 
  you alone will do jack shit . 
  and as i 've been saying since the start of our discussion , the state will profit . 
  in other words , you will be absorbed by the market , not the other way around . 
   your condescension only works if you use it before you make schoolboy errors , where i address the points directly and you accuse me of not doing so , which you later conceded , followed by a think before you type . 
  it works because you still do not understand . 
  you insist on some pseudo-financial drivel . 
  you are ignorant and too proud to come off the bullshit . 
   charming - i 'm the one that had to walk you through how i can agree to all your points from the ` other side ' and how it is easier to exploit countries with weaker currencies . 
  you are being spoon fed . 
  you are being told at least three times now how stupid and simplistic your premises are but you insist . 
  sorry mate i am not the one to back off . 
   to have a much better deal which you did n't prove . 
  i am attacking your conviction that the stronger currency has more benefits . 
  statement which is false and moronic . 
  a state with no competitive exports dies or borrows till it bleeds ( greece ) . 
  it is a simple fact . 
  you mention this :  i can afford to live it up like a king but you do n't mention where you get this money from . 
  you earn it by working in your country . 
  your country though will not be able to maintain that salary , if it does n't profit ( whether you work in the public or the private sector ) . 
  can you finally see the circle ? 
  if not then you are hopeless . 
   ou can still legally exploit if you have laws . 
  you just gave 3 examples yourself . 
  if i get a cheap deal and inflate your weaker currency market i am exploiting the situation . 
  it 's legal , but i 'm still exploiting it . 
  you talk of the economy so vaguely . 
  it baffles me . 
  use a realistic example please . 
  hint : remember friend , countries also lend to its other . 
  think before you type your answer . 
   or i addressed every point and you are being dense . 
  let 's see shall we ? 
  sadly , you did n't . 
  as we can see in the following :  i just looked at the other side of your point . 
  you said firms with a weaker currency find it easier to sell stuff to those with stronger currencies . 
  i said yes , and that means the people with the stronger currencies are able to buy more stuff because it costs them less !, 
  this is not the other side of my point . 
  this is what we call a symbiotic relationship . 
  both sides profit . 
  if you agree with this , then we are in great terms already !, 
   i just looked at the other side of your point . 
  if you ask me whether i 'd rather be serving tourists or be a tourist being served on i 'll take the latter thank you very much . 
  and if i come from a land with a strong currency then guess what ? 
  i get cheaper holidays !!!, 
  again , i agree with your point but i 'd far rather be the one with the stronger currency . 
  dammit , and here i thought it went well . 
  this is not the other side of my point , again !, 
  spending as a tourist means spending your hard earned salary . 
  this is again a symbiotic relationship . 
  i profit , you receive my product or services . 
  we both win . 
   and i agreed but buying power most certainly does come with having a stronger currency over a weaker one . 
  that 's why `` foreign capital invests . '', 
  again , you 're probably spotting the pattern here , i just saw it from the other side and said i 'd rather be the investor than the invested . 
  there 's more money in it . 
  exactly , we are both happy then . 
   if the usd is the currency that 's weak then the entire country is bankrupt because nobody is using it as their reserve currency anymore .
