  people in spain know it . 
  people in france know it . 
  british people capitalising on the weakness of the euro ( and the hither to strength of the uk property market ) , and before that weaker currencies , has been huge !, 
  i like the part where you ignore the salaries . 
  but whatever , i have come to accept your failures . 
  by the way , as for the millions of britons in spain part : it has nothing to do with the property prices . 
  you have n't proved that yet . 
  besides , i asked you for proof in a certain context . 
   or you could just say i 've ripped every reply open , quoted it , and showed your ignorance and illiteracy !, 
  muwahahahaha that would have been true , if i was the ignorant one . 
  rofl , you failed again . 
   never said it was - you simply stated that a weaker currency brings investment , migration , and encourages export - which i all agreed to simply adding that i 'd rather be the one investing , moving to exploit purchasing strength , and being able to buy more , consume more !, 
  good lord , back to square one i see . 
  if you have never said it , then why do you keep insisting ? 
  where are your proofs . 
  cause and effect dummy . 
   you already conceded that point . 
  you said that for the effect to happen would take thousands ; we 're now talking in terms of hundreds of thousands , millions over years even . 
  so cute  you are obviously trying too hard . 
  i have already debunked everything you have linked and stated on this point and you still delude yourself . 
  actually , i think you know in what a shitty situation you are but you have an ego to save , amirite ? 
   no cause and effect ? 
  even the headline says , * strong pound and booming house prices help brits move abroad '' , and everything thereafter is to support it . 
  that 's not cause and effect . 
  because the article made a statement and it did n't provide the mechanism . 
  wtf , this is elementary school debate . 
  get spanked more . 
   fail . 
  fail . 
  epic fail . 
  why are you talking about yourself again ? 
   thank you for accepting it at last . 
  there 's only millions of us doing it . 
  way to respond off context . 
  then again , you have already done it a million times . 
  possible reasons : a ) stupidity b ) weakness tut , tut , tut  i will . 
  very first post i said to you was that i agreed that i was doing that ( had to keep saying it for it to sink with you though ) , my whole point , from the start , has been i 'd rather be the one with the stronger currency than the weak . 
  rofl check the above answer . 
  thanks for giving money to the `` weaker '' countries . 
   no , not really . 
  best of both worlds with fixed dividends and a subsidiary income in pounds and with a bank account still in the uk . 
  my whole point from the start . 
  as it goes some things are still cheaper , so it is a best of both worlds for those willing to capitalise on a strong currency and live with a foot in both states ... as i 've been arguing . 
  rofl , you butthurt . 
  the article you linked stated that not me . 
   i actually provided all the content & links ... you 're simply being a sounding board to it . 
  you 've provided none yourself . 
  again . 
  go back and look . 
  links without content . 
  you do understand your own language right ? 
   oh , you 're so raging just now in your ineptitude . 
  go on . 
  tell me i ca n't capitalise on a strong currency again after just having a 2 week holiday ( because of the weaker currency , if it holds , there should be another four 1-2 week holidays this year ) and when the monthly transfer this month/last month is going to be more than it has been for years !, 
  please . 
  do it . 
  tell me i 'm not capitalising on it ... 
  raging ? 
  hardly . 
  although , i admit i enjoy it quite a lot . 
  thanks for spending money in the mainland countries . 
  we appreciate your investments . 
  please , think about your country as well !, 
   the point makes complete sense . 
  those moving to france and such countries with a weaker currency are clear in that they do so in part to capitalise on the weaker currency and to make the most of the gains they 'd made on property and income earned in a stronger currency . 
  it 's simple and straight forward . 
  it 's actively happening . 
  it has happened . 
  it 's what the spanish economy was built on before it joined the euro ; people with a much stronger currency and buying value than the peseta driving development . 
  no proof here . 
  as i said before it is one of the advantages of a stronger currency . 
  we were discussing about a specific point that you thought i conceded . 
   who said it was exclusively the reason ? 
  i certainly did n't . 
  i simply stated that if you have a million britons in spain , or several hundred thousand in france , buying properties then there are going to be whole regions having their prices driven up by those with a strong currency . 
  million britons in spain ? 
  when ? 
  for which purpose ? 
  what salaries do they have . 
  what the fuck again . 
   the specific numbers are changing all the time . 
  you said it would take people moving in their thousands . 
  i simply showed that it was people moving in their hundreds of thousands each year . 
  if you argue that for the effect to happen would take thousands and then you are shown it happens to that extent plus to a factor of 100 at least , then you have conceded the point . 
  you have completely ignored everything i have been writing the last 4 replies . 
  why do you do that , honestly ? 
  are you really arguing that expats are lying to the telegraph , or that the telegraph is making it up that expats leave for their home shores when their own earnings reach a closer parity to their new countries ? 
  they move when their gbp pensions and fixed dividends have greater purchasing parity overseas , something you 've already argued , now you 're arguing they are n't moving back when the purchasing parity is n't what it was . 
  a weaker currency is not by itself sufficient to be exploited . 
  you need to tell me what buying power as a whole those people have to infer how they will affect the market . 
  you still have n't done that . 
  that 's why i view this discussion almost useless . 
   really ? 
  `` more than 198,000 british nationals moved overseas last year , bringing the total number of brits abroad to more than 5.5 million , according to new research from the institute for public policy research , published today ( monday ) . 
  the report says that a strong economy at home has encouraged emigration and that very few britons leave because they think ` the country has gone to the dogs ' . '', 
  that 's just the next paragraph ... there 's another nine , and then a whole load of facts , statistics and sources , something you rejected it for not having !!!, 
  something you dismissed as a six line article !!!, 
  lol . 
  even when told to open it up you still fail to scroll down as the article continues . 
  read the quote .
