  e.t.c ) are . 
  so what you do here is take my statement out of context to show that i conceded . 
  come off it , coward . 
  you are proven wrong . 
  gtfo . 
  ofcourse i am angry . 
  you tire me out with your failing attempts to garble the facts . 
  keep on trucking . 
  edit : 1-0 in my favor , please go on with the rest of the points . 
  i dare you . 
   you accepted the point yourself but said it would take thousands . 
  you already accepted that . 
  you also said they were rich , but that they 're not is by the by ( although it does show you 're guessing ) . 
  you were shown that it is in the hundreds and hundreds of thousands . 
  how can you be so stupid . 
  6th time i mention it : demand , supply , local economy , laws , foreign market magnitude ( because those thousands will not go to one country but several , so even your link is useless here ) and the foreign salary - buying power . 
  you are trying big time to save your ass but you can not . 
  you are a pseudo-intellectual manchild trying to cling on this distortion of facts because you know you have lost . 
  you stall your defeat . 
  this attempt though is so obvious that even a 6th grader can massacre you . 
  point is this : you may keep ignoring deliberatly my argument but as i said , i am not trying to persuade you , it is the others i do . 
  you are a coward . 
  probably a coward in real life as well , judging by how you treat a discussion on the internet . 
  you can pull shit like this here but in real life you would n't even speak your mind when presented with an opportunity to debate . 
  it is 1-0 in my favor . 
  please , continue with the other points . 
  entertain me more . 
  check four posts earlier and you will see that i addressed your point . 
  do n't let me repeat it , stop embarassing yourself . 
  do me a favor : ** read the post ** please , i am trying to help you understand now . 
  i felt bad yesterday for mocking you ( rightly so ) and i 'll make up for it . 
  let 's go step by step , ok ? 
  lol i adressed it 3 posts ago , explained it to you but you answer with copy pasta all the time . 
  i am really enjoying being witness of your mental breakdown . 
  go on and amuse me but do n't expect any new posts . 
  bye butthurt friend . 
  edit : this is you , the resemblance is cunning . 
  lol no . 
  you are in delirium dude . 
  let it go , you lost . 
  this is the end then . 
  you were defeated two times : 1 ) in the main debate . 
  2 ) in your folly attempt to garble the facts to save your ass . 
  i outed you , proved you wrong . 
  i was not mistaken when i stated that your username is relevant . 
  you are not only that though . 
  you are stupid , stubborn and ignorant . 
  the point of a debate is to persuade others and not the opposition . 
  you may have the last words , if you want . 
  do n't make it too long though . 
  you look like a fool already . 
  oh my hahaha , you shitty little troll . 
  now you show your real face . 
  this is what i wrote in that post :  apart from the fact that you do n't mention what happened , you still do not understand how it does n't work against the local population . 
  i explained it above . 
  you think the market as a simple dynamic system . 
  it is n't . 
  there is demand , supply , foreign and local investment . 
  in conjuction  if foreigners acquire property it does n't mean that the prices will rise . 
  for fuck 's sake , how did you infer that ? 
  do you think that a property seller will rise the prices after he supplied the foreigners ? 
  if the demand falls to the earlier stages ( before foreign investment ) then the prices will remain the same and probably fall , if there is no demand at all . 
  later , i say it even more clearly ( 2nd post )  that means nothing when you do not show with evidence how it affects the market . 
  what numbers , with what exact ranges , participate in local markets . 
  i underlined in my post the need for demand , supply and prices . 
  you again did n't answer . 
  i will offend you again because you are starting to tire me out with your obviously deceiving demeanour . 
  you are defeated . 
  thinking and responding in your natural language is n't enough , manchild . 
   you said that the effect that i was describing , after arguing against it , that if ( a concession in itself ) that were it to be true it would mean thousands ( your capitals ) , instead i showed the case in real life to be hundreds of thousands ( my capitals ) . 
  since you 've accepted if the argument i was making would only be applicable in the case of thousands , do you now concede this , your third concession . ? 
  i said that the effect to take place does n't depend on only the numbers . 
  i mentioned , salary , demand , suppy , local economy 's absorption , foreigners ' salary/pension and laws . 
  i have stated those factors 3 times already and you continue to ignore them . 
  so , if anything , this proves that you are a pathetic little liar . 
  address this one and then the rest wil be addressed . 
   that does n't change you 've just had to make concessions that i 'm right , and as an opening salvo it certainly does n't help your credibility . 
  i shall , of course , rise above it ... you do not know what the word '' concession '' is . 
  you are beyond delluded . 
  let 's see what you write again . 
   again , it is you that 's just conceded you 're wrong so condescension is n't a luxury you can afford . 
  obviously , if you do n't know what the noun means , you do n't know what the verb means as well . 
  not a big suprise there . 
   says the one that that came out with 3 points to which i specifically addressed and agreed with , but highlighted the alternative , more provisional perspective , and to which you tried to argue that i had n't addressed at all , and then conceded later that , in fact , i had . 
  you would go on to address them . 
  cognitive dissonance much ? 
  i argued that you were wrong.what you addressed here was the obvious consequences of that symbiotic life . 
  my initial response was made against your remark to the op : that you would prefer the stronger currency anytime . 
  i explained it to you why the weaker currency has advantages but you , like a stubborn manchild , tried to passively aggressively at the start underline why the stronger currency is better . 
  that 's exactly the reason why you failed . 
  you replaced `` proof '' with `` preference '' / `` i 'd rather . 
  you are back pedalling now , because you know you are weak . 
   you however seem strangely evicted from providing real life examples . 
  china and usa say hello , dummy . 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
   ` effect ' if you 're going to use my language , if you do n't mind . 
  whatever , i just provided sources that that is in fact what happens . 
  bury your head in the sand if you wish . 
  you just conceded that it would mean thousands of people to deliver this ` e ` ffect , to ` a ` ffect it as i said . 
  i simply showed how the figure is in the hundreds of thousands .
