  i knew you had a lot of portuguese in luxemboug but that your online newspaper has the choice to switch in portuguese is surprising . 
  those are the dutch . 
  heh , my friend was there too , around 3-4 years ago . 
  posted some pics from the training with the mongolians on facebook . 
  well probably of some source i saw a while ago but i looked it up and i wasnt completely wrong  additionally , the world tourism organization also published a report on 15 january 2016 ranking the singaporean passport 1st in the world ( tied with denmark , finland , germany , italy , luxembourg and the united kingdom ) in terms of travel freedom also very interesting :  the singapore passport is also 1 of only 2 passports that provide visa-free entry to both north korea and south korea , the other being the malaysian passport . 
  chile on the other hand is `` only '' place 19 but  currently , the passports of chile and south korea are worldwide the only regular passports to provide visa-free access to all g8 countries . 
  i thought chile and singapur have the strongest passport . 
  something something falklands, 
  the foreign minister is mostely the most loved polotican in germany . 
  my mistake i wrote that on mobile . 
  i didnt wanted to say that merkel changed her own view i wanted to say that merkel changed their view of her . 
  she was in 2 talkshows in febuary . 
  and explained herself to the ppl . 
  it was huge , everybody was talking about it . 
  after that social media was full of ppl saying that she changed her view blabla . 
  so iam not really surprised . 
  you have never been to switzerland, 
  whats wrong with poles on here ? 
  its like you only get online to be offensed , pissed off or to remind everyone of le great polish warriors of ww2 . . 
  in every single thread . 
  why dont they put a huge countdown clock on a public place in london and once a day every newschannel of europe can show the current time so everyone can go `` uuuhhhhh scarry '' and we can continue with not giving a shit . 
  the daily news about the brexit that will never happen is annoying . 
  isnt the book ownd by bavaria ? 
  i will not give them a singe cent !, 
  germany, 
  the best way to fix this will be to get rid of our government but germany is old and unwillingly to change . 
  poles dont know how that works . 
  its so big i want to backpack all over it . 
  a while ago i made a post about it in / r/russia and i got a lots of answers about how expensive it is to travel in russia . 
  also when i was in asia last year i spoke to a austrian wich i met in japan who took the trans sebirian train and told me how hard it was for him to get a visa long enough to do it . 
  the russian ask how much time he needs and he said atleast 2 weeks . 
  he got a visa for exactly 2 weeks . 
  i guess its harder to travel there right now so i plan to do the normal tourist stuff around nxt year : saint petersburg , moskau , novgorod . 
  just golden ring citys . 
  there is just no need for war anymore . 
  has more to do with globalisation than with nato . 
  i will not believe that europe is peacefull just because of nato . 
  another metro system fun fact . 
  north korea got berlins old metro trains , pj\u00f6ngjangs metro is using them now . 
  you can have wupperthal and munich . 
  first because its a shithole and 2nd just for my enjoyment . 
  street dog blonde . 
  my mom and my dad quit their jobs and went back to nrw because she said she was surrounded by drug addicts , bad smell and trash . 
  she said she never felt so uncomfortable like in the years she lived there . 
  note that this was some years back though . 
  damn our both defends ministers looks like an old lesbian couple . 
  the kind that makes wine tests and owns a chihuahua, 
  my throat would hurt from all the ch 's, 
  gas , oil and a joboffer after retirement by gasprom, 
  is there a clown convention ? 
  i would give them all my money if they would actually do anything to stop it . 
  but * something * about giving this erdogan fuckhead money seems very wrong . 
  iam so fucking tired of reading those headlines almost every week now . 
  we have one too , its the ex ddr embassy . 
  but the swedish embassy represented germanys interessts from 1991 until 2001 . 
  iam from gummersbach , if you like handball you probably heared that city name before , so here its very big . 
  iam pretty sure the sun is mention somewhere in the bible . 
  as a icelander i wouldnt believe in god too . 
  actually the russians after the fall of the ussr has helped germany recover and burry 800000 german soldiers between 1993 and 2013 . 
  the last german war cemetry in russia has been installed in 2013 and they are still expected to be 400000 more who will get burryed in russia . 
  that would start a civil war in germany . 
   brits should learn to pronounce better . 
  brits should lern to pronounce be'a ftfy, 
   all the strange things they do , the way they behave . 
  pissing in fountains and puking on statues ? 
  no just kidding i met many british folks when i was traveling in east asia , really kind and nice people . 
  i just feel like the only reason they drink is to get fucking smashed , enjoying alkohol doesnt seems really british . 
  thats not very unique to lada though . 
  german cars where all fixable 40 years ago too , not like today where you are unable to fix your frontlight because you would be forced to basicly remove the motor to be able to reach it . 
  there are 340 million people living in west africa . 
  syria will not be the problem in the next 20 years . 
  must be really bad if you think germanys government is active . 
  holy shit no wonder south koreas suicide rate is so high . 
  imagine beeing a guy in this country . 
  you go to school until 20 during this time you have basicly no live . 
  leavy the school very late and then until 10pm in an after school . 
  with 20 you have conscription with takes 2 years . 
  2 years that you are now behind every girl in this country , a huge gender equality problem . 
  university wich will get you hired into your job on lifetime and when you retire your pension is shit . 
  b-but the american redditors told us vw is `` fucking done '' . 
  read the interview , seems like he is really convinced that all his actions in east ukraine are totally rightfull . 
  putin : i do not mean you personally . 
  but of course germany 's media are heavily influenced by the country on the other side of the atlantic ocean . 
  bild : that 's news to us . 
  bilds publisher kai diekmann sits in the committee of an organization called * atlantik br\u00fccke * wich is an german-american organization to strengthen us/german economic , finacial , educational and militaric ties . 
  and the business principles of the bild state clearly that they have to support the trans atlantic relationships . 
  those newspapers do all same by the way . 
  this is just sad . 
  how can they blame this guy really . 
  we are not overpopulated and we will never be . 
  predictions go up to 11 billion until the end of the century and then it will look like this all over the world . 
  i can just recommand [ hans rosling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kh7nfnuiava ) over and over again . 
  because this is knowledge everyone should get . 
  you can not just talk about 12 courses and dont provite pictures wtf . 
  reminds me off a [ tibetan mustiff ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=tibetan+mastiff&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1600&amp;bih=799&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjnx4yyr4lkahvigcwkhbdabp8q_auibigb# ), 
  take a boat, 
  its actually for old ppl so they can controle the colour of their own shit better . 
  i only know those toilets from houses of familys who live together in 3 generations . 
  germany aswell . 
  in school ?
