i kid you not in my unit i had an unteroffizier bazukas , oberstabsfeldwebel killer and a major hell . 
  ehehehe they demonstrated on the sch\u00e4l sick thats colognes way to say they can fuck off . 
  you are probably ironic but i have actually never heared anything bad about british soldiers in germany . 
  americans on the other hand ... 
  yup , i would agree on that . 
  every country has its small quirk , when i went abroad the thing that shocked me the most is that everybody from america and canada seems to be obsessed with selleries and how much other ppl make . 
  and that its completely normal to ask for it . 
  like the conversation would be : hi iam jimbob , what are you doing for your living ? 
  how much money do you earn ? 
  cant buy innovations with oilmonnies, 
  very dramatic flair you got there, 
  i actually thought ours would be edelwei\u00df too, 
  if you are brown just come over and lie about where you are from . 
  its not that hard . 
  i wish that would be in poland . 
  i think the commants would have been funnier . 
  mmmhh and what does germany and the usa have in common ? 
  thats right : old religious conservatives . 
  brush it under the carpet until its time to burn the reichstag . 
  this triggers the russian . 
  ` bild reporting ' is a oxymoron, 
  thats the most french thing i have ever seen . 
  slovenia and croatia should be part of it anyways . 
  mil mi 24 is the sexiest in the world thats without question . 
  tea funface : the german region of ostfriesland are the biggest tea consumers in the entire world with 300 liters per capita . 
  the dutch brought the tea in the region since then its a huge part of their culture . 
  whats the point of this thread ? 
  do we start cherrypicking now to prove something ? 
  - nurses : philipines - doctors : romania - denitists : india, 
  nazi germany wasnt trying to integrate the other european countrys it wanted to eradicate everyone who was living there and breed so much germans that they can live there . 
  thats kind of diffrent dont you think ? 
  damn the new yorker is expensive . 
  also i like the picture because it looks like a court drawning . 
  fucking nuke berlin already . 
  i mean thats hot but [ russians can do better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hk2lnuid7gm ), 
  there are like 20 words for chicken in germany depends heavily on the region and the crispieness state of the chicken itself . 
  a grilled half chicken for example is halbes h\u00e4hnchen in most parts of germany but in berlin its a br\u00e4uler . 
  just stay between them and enjoy your crisps !, 
  itt everyone is totally hardcore, 
  he is full of shit , stop listen to this guy . 
  i just imagine you sitting on your desk in your camo pants , with all the gunmagazines surrounding you spending your day furriously browsing wikipedia to come here and monger with your nonsense . 
  smalltalk town called erndtebr\u00fcck , the shelter is called bunker erich . 
  close to where i was stationed in the airforce there was a empty coldwar-era airdefense shelter . 
  huge undergroundnetwork !, 
  it was sold to a farmer for 1 euro . 
  he made a soft air park out of it . 
  and it opens for zombie themed partys . 
  http://www.mgfa-potsdam.de/html/einsatzunterstuetzung/downloads/ap044.pdf?phpsessid=92bb8 here is the mobillink hopefully it works . 
  pretty interesting read !, 
  sorry fucked that up . 
  all soldier at the end of the cold war on german soil where 1,44 million . 
  westergermany had around 1,8 million soldiers in the cold war . 
  those bases are not empty since yesterday they are ghosttowns since 25years . 
  edit : 1,8 million is wrong it was 1,44 million and in both germanys . 
  fact is until 1994 those number shrink down to 500000 soldiers . 
  that doesnt change the fact that barracks for over 900000 soldiers are mostely still unused since then . 
  from an austrian . 
  when i was at the military basic training i was stationated close to the polish boarder . 
  one of the instructors talked about gun safety and that this is a serious topic and no fun and he added ironicly `` if you want to shoot a weapon for fun drive over the polish boarder and shoot some ak 's in the woods , its about 30 $ '' . 
  so we did , actually we didnt find anyone who wants to sell us a ak . 
  yes but there was not such a taboo behind saying it , it was a normal used word . 
  did it had another meaning back then ? 
  back in the days the german equivalent ` ficken ' was supposed to mean hectic moving . 
  indonesian muslims ? 
  they grow all up in diversity , they are completely chill . 
  their country has 6 official religions . 
  not comparable to near east muslims . 
   swarming they are always the same 3-5 names for every country flair that pops up . 
  the whole subreddit is basicly a discussion between the same ~ 100 ppl . 
  in every thread , every day . 
  commants like this make me so fucking sad and angry at the same time . . 
  the only ppl claiming how much bavarians and austrians are basicly the same are austrians . 
  iam always surprised that literally everyone on / r/europe has atleast some german friends , but they are only mentioned when its important to point something out . 
   and i would love if germany would try to find any solutions why is this just our job ? 
   but your goverment is so scared right now to do anything and there is the blame game again, 
  and the blame game goes on ... why dont we try to find a solution instead of hating on each other ? 
  and i mean the whole planet not only europe . 
  inb4 jokes about a german using the word solution . 
  aaaand there is thread number 2 ... 
  i also heared that ppl in the nsdap used the toilette from time to time . 
  be careful guys !, 
  go back to / int /, 
  they decided to be german : /, 
  its pretty surprising to me tho , they are supposed to flee the warzones not taking it with them . 
  laibachs song `` b machina '' was the theme song of iron sky . 
  even in a topic like this . . holy shit why are you guys down there so fucking butt blasted ? 
  from all the comments austrians make on here i feel like you have to speak about us 24/7 . 
  noone here gives a fuck about you guys . 
  i cant even remember the last conversation where someone mentioned austria . 
  but still you talk or mention us in every fucking topic . 
  yes we got it ; your whole identity is ` we are not germans ' . 
  congratu-fucking lations !, 
  vodka and gherkins ? 
  sauerkraut , last time i ate it was two month ago in sapporo , japan . 
  i do n't know what your question means . 
  my grandpa worked at ariane he was material inspector at h\u00f6ferstahl . 
  the danish flag is the oldest one in use . 
  ohjohohohohhoho le ww joke , look at me iam so funneeeeh, 
  swiss people will not talk shit about you because they think you dont know what they are saying . 
  they will talk shit about you because they are swiss and dont give a fuck if you understand what they are saying .
