  not really . 
  for once you really wanted to say that specific sentence too dont you ? 
  thats bullshit russia has amazing food !, 
  after over 9000 dead . . `` yeah guys . . , i dont think we can make that shit up any longer . . '', 
  i was so sure this would be a world map and you would just mark the old colonies red or something . 
  i worked in the air defense . 
  we always said the frechman have the wiener hanging out because of the refulingsection wich cant be pulled in . 
  they will just go to thailand and marry a local . 
  really ? 
  even in germany vienna is known for beeing expensive, 
  how about some leopards for them too gabriel ? 
  let it to the poles to make a thread about france and belgium about russia . 
  probably that all american abrams use the 120-mm-glattrohrkanone l/44 wich is a gun from rheinmetall , a german company . 
  i live on that shit . 
  i was there once ... it changes you ... 
  you all say north in this thread can we clearify where the north is you are talking about ? 
  because when i look at russia and imagine there population i dont see a clear north ... 
  the pineckle of the 21st century . 
  birds eat insects that alone makes them 999 % more valueable . 
  actually cats holocaust all birds around the planet . 
  big words but not comparable , in ww2 there wasnt a debate about should we send our soldiers to get killed like there is with isis . 
  the only reason they are still around is because nobody wants their countrys soldiers die . 
  not because they are a real threat to any western nations army . 
  a lot of european citys have huge muslim populations ... 
  my friend is watching the game he said you could hear the explosion even on the television . 
  what a weird situation , the game goes on . 
  probably for the better so ppl dont storm out or mass panic . 
  i dont know if the ppl inside the stadion actually know whats going on . 
  we can make the memel to our old boarder again if you want , 
   just take a look at / r/germany . 
  there are also no germans on / r/germany, 
  iam pretty sure most girls prefer to run around with a purse instead of a violin case, 
  on my local radio they where talking about how british pro soccer players have the worst teeth of all atleths on the planet while british soccer teams spend the most money on them last week . 
  swedes , the koreans of all shooter games . 
  because its a fucking amazing city ? 
  `` chancelor merkel is seen as a angel of mercy '' from the germans ? 
  is she serious ? 
  again ? 
  this guy gets killed a lot . 
  or [ startpage ] ( https://startpage.com/ ) . . ? 
  edit : enhanced by google . . nevermind, 
   this sub has just shown me this subreddit shouldnt influence your opinion at all . 
  otherwise you wouldnt see a single german redditor here anymore . 
  they dont block shit . 
  say something nice . 
  i dont want you to go . 
  i always think wallets could be a typicle english name for guys . 
  i could totally see you naming your son like this . 
  the netherlands, 
  hi sweden , i am germany . 
  we are now in the same boat . 
  welcome . 
  from now on , and for ever , you have to listen to the same bullshit jokes and to the same retarded comments under ever post you do on every topic . 
  you will get frustrated , mad , try to defend the truth but you will give up and reddit will magicly creat a imagination of a sweden they actually think exists . 
  i would really like to invite all mighty reddit to come to germany for once . 
  the country they think germany is just exists on here . 
  and the bullshit i read just piles up over the last months . 
  he said this year not every year . 
  `` scandal '' its not like anyone actually wants to hold wcs or olympia . . 
  i lived in japan , their slugs do that too . 
  if you go through the night you see a lot of japanese girls sitting on the streetside squatting . 
  berlins district moabit is called after french hugenots a lot of people living there have french ancestory . 
  not if you are looking for a union jack or a portugese flag and there is none . 
  bullshit , but enjoy your karma, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  so much german music in radios and literally all techno is dutch/swedish or german . 
   communist china, 
  dont talk in this retoric or the americans will give their fast food diffrent names !, 
  1 hour old account ? 
  check / int / worthy topic ? 
  check wellcome to the frontpage, 
  so i spend the last 12 month not in germany the day after tomorrow i will go back . 
  12 month of mostely foreign news about my own country . 
  if you read foreign news you could think germany is burning , halfmoon-flags everywhere , chaos and terror . 
  so it will be interesting to come back . 
  i was talking with ppl from my sharehouse about this ( a american and a australian girl ) they say its the same . 
  i think i will probably not see a diffrent but we will see . 
  and good looking people . 
  6 hours old thread , 0 comments . 
  that pretty much sums up our friendship . 
  the diffrents is g\u00f6ring was anctually good in what he was doing . 
  thats what you deserve for booing anthems . 
  more than the brits . 
  whats your point ? 
  but the yotaphone is fucking amazing tho . 
  my stereotype of brits has absolutely nothing to do with british soldiers . 
  and i served in the bundeswehr and had view times training with them . 
  when than it actually went up because they where all wellmannered and nice folks . 
  american soliders on the other hand ... 
  why not ? 
  there are competitions for any kind of job . 
  and if they still digging the holes with manpower it makes sence to race each other . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbr6cvqn4lg ), 
  thats like what ? 
  4-5 hours saved if you wan na go straight to kopenhagen ? 
  i love this project . 
  good . 
  unrelated but why do eastern european immigrants never open restaurants ? 
  i want slavic cousine around my city not a 14th kebab shop ...
