  this guy better never find out about kazantip . 
  had a sergeant in my unit whos name was bazukas . 
  i doubt his parents where born germans though . 
  ok ok you did it . 
  your posts over the last weeks persude me . 
  next holidays : montenegro . 
  almost as beautiful as [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbuludbhpfq ) masterpiece, 
  i thought you would say ancestral home of my clan . 
   germans ddr that wasnt so traumatic tho . 
  every old person i talked to who lived in the ddr think it was decend ,, 
  i dont know/care why but seeing all those polish redditors with a russian flair today was worth it . 
  does that mean [ glorious russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hk2lnuid7gm ) will come and liberate us from merkel now ? ^ please, 
  he is lying dont bate he is posting this kind of bullshit from now and then . 
  some austrians on this board are trying really hard . 
  tv is even worse . 
  they invitepoliticians to discuss some topics . 
  also invite afd but only give them very small time to answer , interrupt them , dont let them finnish what they want to say ect . 
  atleast they always get a huge social media backlash for this kind of bullshit . 
  and after the landtagswahlen they actually let one of the afd guys finnish an argument and there where even 2 ppl in the crowds who where allowed to clap . 
  germanys media is fucked up . 
  the first picture taken of a [ squatting slav ] ( http://samoderzhavnaya.ru/media/illustrations/prokudin_gorskiy/big/1602.jpg ) . 
  go ahead tony . 
  i would actually pay watching this . 
  i have 4 of them t-thanks grandparents ... 
  i spend a lot of my youth reading them , still own over 600 comic books . 
  which is a good thing . 
  yay , you guys are also probably one of the biggest immigrant group of every other country in europe . 
  i always thought that was a joke or a meme the internet was refering to . 
  i didnt know its actually used in english . 
  / r/threadkillers, 
  diffrent guy . 
  martel was the guy who fought off the mauren by tours in 732 . 
   sweden iam pretty sure the dannebrog ( denmarks flag ) is the oldest still used flag on the world . 
  its not about the refugee politics what scares me about them its the other rediculous shit they promote . 
  but in april they will pass a new election programm wich will be open and ppl are able to read into it so we have to wait until then . 
  there are also good poinst like approving of swisslike direct democracy and more local politics that could get them votes . 
  we have to see . 
  meuthen looks like a decend politicion but the rest of the party are nutjobs . 
  i hope they grow out of their image and start to make good politics . 
  `` dont judge my country on what most ppl buy and on what i can buy everywhere '' ok . 
  muh micro chocolate, 
  send them . 
  there is a huge airplain convention all year long . 
  its very interactive too , they will love it . 
  high school everywhere, 
  inb4 uk wins eurovision and stays . 
  same reason i want to see the afd to win everything in germany and see trump as a president . 
  the best part is that you can get to ireland so fucking cheap if you choose any airport but dublin . 
  its insane . 
  you could go just for a weekend and probably pay less than a trainticket from cologne to berlin . 
  only time i got robbed while traveling was a canadian . 
  but he was atleast so nice to take the money out of my wallet and didnt took any cards so atleast i wasnt completely fucked . 
  start the same post in / r/asia, 
  well in every statistic you find uk and germany are always in the top 3 when it comes to traveling . 
  well my neighbors own a house in norway . 
  scandinavia is pretty popular for ppl 40 +, 
  thats everywhere dont worry . 
  when i was traveling in asia and slept mostely in hostels everyone could tell a `` my horror american story '' . 
  sorry for mallorca . 
  we literally call it our 17th state and its famous for young ppl to go there and get hammered . 
  i was just making fun of the colour scheme not the party itself . 
  those colours . 
  that has to be a joke . 
  i thought since last year japan produce the best whisky . 
  didnt nikka won a price or something ? 
  seems like merkels is doing something right . 
  fuck i want russia to become visa free . 
  i want to visit so badly . 
  what do we have a ex-chancellor at gasprom for ? 
  japan , thailand and taiwan use line . 
  china should actually be wechat . 
  and korea uses kakao talk . 
  not sure about indonesia though but i guess they use line too . 
  also at some points the streets are full with dogshit . 
  you flair confuse me . 
  do you really mean austria ? 
  well ukraine has 30 % of all black earth on this planet . 
  that means [ 30 % of the most fertile soil this planet has to offer ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/chernozem_distribution.jpg ) . 
  my grandpa told me that the nazis just had ukraine only for 8 month but they where able to have 2 harvests during this time . 
  international investors are incredible interested to buy this ground and the new government and ukrainian oligarchs make it possible . 
   switzerland does not have a military that is falling to pieces . 
  good one, 
  like wet forests and homecooked food . 
  expect berlin . 
  berlin smells like piss . 
  but willem-alexander looks like trump, 
  dont have to be everything . 
  just the netherlands and germany . 
  we could call it a reich . 
  we also bow to beatrix if you want . 
  germany - complaining pensioners, 
  holy ... if we germans would start be so sensitive everytime someone would criticize us over here like you brits are and point out how anti german this sub is ... 
  not if you are indian . 
  iam still sure that if there was a grave of hitler somewhere in germany and some rightwingers would lay flowers down next to it , the thread over here wouldnt have such a generalizing shit title . 
  only old ppl no young who are crying seems like a success to me . 
  iam pretty sure every navy has those . 
  germanys is the [ gorch fock ] ( http://www.lissabon.diplo.de/contentblob/3824088/galeriebild_gross/3057118/bgorchfock1.jpg ), 
  `` fuck off with your gas russia , one of your diplomats was driving 5km/h too fast inside the city , you sick fucks ! '', 
  i recommand to brigade this subreddit and write in every thread how much you hate germany and germans . 
  oh wait you already do this .
