  thats the answer anybody always gives if someone ask about warsaw . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  iam surprised there were n't 200 lefties to start the fight first . 
  actually , no . 
  i thought erasmus is to make european babys . 
  shh . . no facts please . . let it go, 
  / int / is leaking again . 
  wtf poland, 
  good germanic behavior my brother from the north . 
  give this guys more money . 
  the hostality against turkish people is because of their religious nuts in the east , would the westcoast be a own country with istanbul as capital turkey would be in the eu years ago, 
  they wouldnt but making fun about germany is literally the only culture they have . 
  kika has news where they try to explain as easy as possible politicle problems to kids , so they are atleast a bit able to understand what grown ups talk about . 
  those news exist for decades . 
  i lerned what democracy is over those news . 
  i dont know why this should be a bad thing . 
  edit : saw ops pic , when i was young the charakter didnt looked like they are from south park ... 
  bayer is the biggest fucking corrupt shithole in history of menkind , nestl\u00e9 looks like a christen choirgirl next to this scum . 
  i feel like there is no solution in short time they will fight for some years about this without anything happen . 
  imb4 puns about someone with a german flair used the word solution . 
  / r/europe always knows what germans want . 
  you never met someone from there dont you ? 
  besides its a really ethnicly diverse countrys those people are all proud to come from there . 
  not all traditional islamist countrys are unsave warzone-shitholes . 
  seems to be a regional thing thats literally how every girl says hello to another one here , since highschool : s, 
   well , this applies not for bavaria . 
  yes , i said in germany . 
  i dont know why the germans are always overlooked at waterloo . 
  if you count the troups of hannover , braunschweig and nassau ( who fight under great britains command ) together with the prussian troups , the amount of soldiers are roughly the same as the british ones . 
  in germany we shake hands with the guys and hug the girls . 
  young girls kiss each other on the mouth . 
  if the title would be ` germany 's missle defense system doesnt work ' this thread would already have about 100 comments . 
  he lived so long in germany he could basicly be a citizen , 
  itt : everything the french do is wrong . 
  thats my feeling when i go to berlin . 
  oh they carry machineguns on the trainstations ? 
  try harder, 
  the area is huge , even if so much people live here you will not notice it outside of some touristy areas and impotant stations . 
  iam in tokyo right now , its not too bad . 
  estii can into importance, 
  implying he is dead . 
  a documentation about ww2, 
  kaliningrad gets rebuild with old german cityplans , sounds pretty cool to me . 
  meh , i want to go hiking on the baikal lake and see the city thats it and than go west with the train . 
  bears ? 
  tigers ? 
  i dont know yet but i will find out when i go there in november . 
  i enter russia over mongolia my first city will be irkutsk and then i go to sankt petersburg . 
  iam so excited . 
  i nominate the [ seven years war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seven_years%27_war ) for some reason its not mandatory to lern about it in school and barly anybody knows about it yet over half of the world was fighting in it . 
  i own that book , 
  lots of british tourists ? 
  why would someone in europe see xi in a negativ way ? 
  so this guy is in a fraternity that doesnt recognize austria as a nation and is pro germany right ? 
  and your news pretty much reported this every single day over the last weeks . 
  does that mean you guys want the anschluss ? 
  because we can make that happen !!, 
  just guessing but the guy with the iron cross around his neck might be german ... edit : iam retarded, 
  chef means boss in german . 
  back in the days of the 2nd reich the head of the german army was also called chef . 
  of course the only vegi in this thread has berlin in his name . 
  holy shit get your head out of your ass nostradamus . 
  - you go in - you try to get through the masses of english businessmen - you pay - you fuck, 
  hong kong for me at the end of the year . 
  wanted to do all 4 tigerstates but i figured hk and a bit mainland china would be less stressfull . 
  he is dutch . 
  thats not the reason though . 
  they wanted to standartise with the rest of europe . 
  depends on the state . 
  i think the `` beef '' is rather one sided and russia doesnt gives a fuck about poland at all . 
  jawohl 2 . there is nothing as a soldier to answer with no 3 . 
  panjib please . 
  fuck i love albert speer . 
  stupid idiot but i just love ns architecture . 
  its probably even more leftist . 
  / r/de is shit . 
  / r/germany is shit too . 
  and by german born russians and poles . 
  in my unite every second surename ended with - sky or - ov . 
  we dealed with a twice as big minority in the past . 
  just saying . 
  well they had to go to belgium fist and history wise that always ended up with butthurt brits . 
  the uk looses in a football match ( like always ) short before the referendum . 
  yes, 
  people who put unjokingly ananas on their pizza should get their heads checked . 
  basicly its more of a sitedish you order one with your first order of drinks and share it with everyone until your meal arrives . 
  its most common with onions , cream fresh and ham . 
  but you also get it with only spring onions . 
  its originally from elsass but its very common everywhere in south-west germany . 
  thats how we call it : tschechien, 
  sweden is similar except everyone is leaving not only the millionaires, 
  good trailer . 
  i dont have to watch the movie anymore . 
  everything was in it . 
   parallels from history to how we treat immigrants today i cant read shit like this anymore . 
  the us military is not here because we rely on them . 
  they are here because its convenient for them . 
  no you cant . 
  can confirm . 
  iam off today .
