  the slaves obviously did n't have the right to vote either . 
  the whole analogy is ridiculous . 
  the were still part of the usa . 
  they were a minority in the country as a whole . 
  pretty stupid analogy tbh . 
  the older apaches the uk has were built in the uk . 
  it goes both ways . 
  the us has the largest and most advanced military industry in the world , so of course we will be more . 
  europe does n't even have a 5th gen fighter project . 
  protector ( rws ) , m240 , m320 . 
  uh-72 lakota , beretta 92 , carl gustav , penguin missile , c27j . 
  they probably do n't know that the us military actually has quite a bit of european equipment . 
  it 's a small sample size from my class at school . 
  that 's all . 
  the worst males had less endurance and agility , but they were still much stronger . 
  yeah , i saw your petty remark . 
  i wonder what the point of it was . 
  excuse me ? 
  the best females could outperform the very worst males . 
  at some exercises . 
  they were n't real `` athletes '' , but on sport teams , training many times a week and competing . 
  they all sucked . 
  any time there was boys vs girls they were crushed . 
  i meant chubby as in slightly fat . 
  very few of the other guys were on any sort of sports team . 
  they all sucked in individual exercises too of course . 
  any nuke detonated in the middle east . 
  the average man is way faster than the average woman . 
  i was a lazy/chubby kid but still beat all the girls at pretty much anything in gym class at school , even athletes . 
  i 'm also sure i 'm not superhuman and this kind of thing will happen almost everywhere . 
  this means restructuring the entire military just so a tiny amount of women can see combat . 
  it 's idiotic . 
  me too , that would have sucked . 
  not directly . 
  that 's what really matters . 
  saddam was actually super evil , that 's a fact . 
  let 's not forget the channel , and the massive help you got from the us . 
  and the su . 
   i hope we stay neutral try again . 
  your flair says uk . 
  you 're still part of nato buddy . 
  all non sub saharans have some neanderthal blood . 
  does the eurofighter currently have problems ? 
  but yeah , i read somewhere they used low quality plastic for the german army rifles . 
  hopefully the new eu plan will encourage european nations to increase their military spending and sort these kind of problems out . 
  the russian guy is right . 
  stop kidding yourself . 
  the soviet union was completely russian dominated . 
  many of the republics were almost extensions of russia and were heavily russified . 
  this tells me otherwise : http://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/2015/10/14/hk-vindicated-no-problems-found-with-g36/ i do n't know what to believe here . 
  seems to me like this issue might be more about politics than the actual rifle . 
  yeah , i was joking a bit there . 
  the report also says the soldiers have low confidence in pretty much everything . 
  the low confidence in their rifles might be partly because of the media hysteria around it . 
  the overheating problems really are exaggerated . 
  typical l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  maybe it 's time to take a hint after it fails miserably every single time . 
  it 's time to grow out of 19th century pseudo philsophy . 
  we do n't have to make women go back to the kitchen or become birth machines . 
  i think incentivising having kids and supporting parents more would help . 
  probably would n't be enough though : /, 
  it might be extremely hard , or impossible even for two disabled people to have sex with each other . 
  many of these men do n't have any other option than to pay for prostitutes . 
  i doubt a huge amount of people use this services anyway , it does n't cost the taxpayers all that much . 
  improving the quality of life for people in a terrible situation is n't wasting money , depending on how much is actually spent on this . 
  hungary would still be better off not being under communism , do n't you think ? 
  this is good news , but the birth rates are still far too low . 
  i wish european goverments did more to stop the demographic apocalypse . 
  why ca n't you donate the money yourself though ? 
  why do you need the government to force you ? 
  they were n't my specific brand of communism !, 
  that argument applies to almost everything in your life . 
  there are so many things you do n't `` need '' . 
  those resources could be spent on others who have less than you . 
  so please sell everything you have and move into a small shed . 
  or stfu . 
  you 're not putting the bar very high if simply not starving is `` ok '' or even `` good '' . 
  swedish police has said it themselves . 
  they 've lost control over quite a few areas . 
  source : neo nazi norwegian state owned tv https://www.nrk.no/urix/svensk-politi_-_-vi-er-i-ferd-med-a-miste-kontrollen-1.12920404, 
  men get just as many death threats . 
  women get more sexualized threats/harassment . 
  if i recall correctly the difference in overall online harassment is n't that big between men and women . 
  those pacificist hippies can never be trusted . 
  especially not when it comes to defence . 
  they completely made up the g36 scandal . 
  i do n't know what specific cases you 're referring to , but school shootings for example , are not terrorist attacks . 
  there has to be a political/religious motive behind it to be a terrorist attacks . 
  also , a lot of the `` lone wolf '' attacks by muslims have been shown later on to be ordered and planned by jihadists online . 
  alright then . 
  he was always called a terrorist over here , and convicted for terrorism and mass murder . 
  yeah , a mass murderer and a terrorist . 
  breivik has been counted as a terrorist all along . 
  what are you on about ? 
  i do n't think popular vote is what wins in most democracies . 
  certainly not in norway . 
  sparsely populated parts of the country get more representatives per person . 
  all of these systems are foreign though . 
  that seems pretty unlikely . 
  if that 's the case , they should refund the vehicle for him .
