  could be , you never know . 
  never underestimate fanatics . 
  what if he converted to islam so he could commit a false flag attack to turn people against muslims ? 
  so if i said something that upset you , and you started sending me death threats , i have to pay for security guards ? 
  really ? 
  are you saying this because you actually believe it , or because you really hate geert wilders ? 
  he is not responsible for whatever reaction people might have to what he says . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  are you saying geert wilders deserves to die for what he has said ? 
  how would he able to afford such comprehensive security ? 
  he 's not a rich man is he ? 
  it 's the state 's job to protect its people anyway . 
  yeah , people were scare mongering for sure . 
  yes , but we do n't know what will happen to the economy after britain actually leaves the eu . 
  the british economy doing fine at the moment does n't really tell us much . 
  why does everyone act like brexit has actually happened ? 
  the british people decided to leave the eu in a refenderum . 
  that 's it . 
  nothing else has changed . 
  it does n't look like they will in most places . 
  the high rate of unemployment , and the high rate of welfare they receive means that they will be a quite large net loss . 
  getting assfucked was beyond his tolerance . 
  he sucked him off for a while , but he started fighting back when the guy went for his anus . 
  no further arrests made ? 
  they truly have lost control completely . 
  op gave a source in the comments . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  who said it 's going to be 70 next year ? 
  the planes in top gun are f-14s , buddy . 
  again , point out the lies please . 
  what facts and statistics am i denying exactly ? 
  in what world is this in alt right sub ? 
  have you completely lost contact with reality ? 
  if it 's bullshit or not depends on the definiton of `` no-go zones '' . 
  it 's used in a hyperbolic way by some people , but there truly are areas where the police has lost control and ca n't enter without getting rocks thrown at them and all sorts of nasty stuff . 
  even fire trucks and ambulances have been attacked . 
  it 's in contradiction to their core beliefs . 
  it 's made worse by dismissing everything that opposes their beliefs as right wing propaganda . 
  a lot of that in this thread . 
  they 're there to report on the situation . 
  which is pretty bad considering they 're attacked just by being there and talking about it . 
  their motives do n't matter anyway . 
  you do n't go around beating and threatening journalists for reporting on things you do n't like . 
  not in a civilised society at least . 
  you 're making excuses for the attacks . 
  they were just filming . 
  crime has been on the rise for the last two years . 
  even if it 's been decreasing it 's miles higher than europe . 
  exactly . 
  crime for native swedes has gone down . 
  this makes up for the immigration in national crime statistics . 
  if sweden had less immigration the numbers would go down much more , as immigrants are overrepresented in crime . 
  because we 're talking about immigration from foreign countries . 
  third world countries to be precise . 
  these things simply would n't have happened without high immigration policies . 
  it 's very clearly not just `` natural variation '' though . 
  you can easily find the causes for these problems . 
  it has n't randomly just happened out of nowhere . 
  it 's pretty obvious that it 's due to a high amount of immigrants from third world countries . 
  there 's a negative trend , especially in the ethnic ghettos . 
  there 's no reason to believe it wo n't get worse , considering the quickly growing refugee population . 
  crime is n't the only propblem though . 
  third world immigrants have very high unemployment , and are rely on government welfare to a large degree . 
  this is at a very high cost to swedish society . 
  people should know about this . 
  he more unbiased than not . 
  he relies almost exclusively on reciting official statistics . 
  he 's also critical of right wing populists exaggerating the numbers . 
  you can go to his fb profile and use the translate option , you wo n't get a perfect translation but it will give you the gist of what he 's saying . 
  americans from / r/the _ donald , yes . 
  i agree , this coming from americans is ridiculous considering the massive problems they face with high crime ghettos . 
  how is that telling you the opposite ? 
  it does n't matter in the slightest what his schorlarly articles are about . 
  you 're desperately trying to discredit people who oppose your viewpoints . 
  tino recites factual information in everything he does . 
  if you want to understand the situation you should n't listen to people like op , that 's for sure . 
  not that right wing fanatics give an accurate picture either . 
  look up tino sanandaji , he 's a great source for factual information about the situation in sweden . 
  and he 's certainly not far-right in any way . 
  far-right news outlets exaggerating the problems does n't mean everything is fine . 
  add journalists to that . 
  australian 60 minutes and the norwegian state broadcasting was attacked simply for entering these areas and filming . 
  why is that so surprising to you ? 
  everyone talking about issues regarding immigration is n't a far-right fanatic . 
  you should address their argument regardless , instead of looking through their post history to discredit them . 
  the country as a whole may have less murders , but the murder rate has increased significantly in many areas . 
  especially gang related gun violence . 
  is this a joke ? 
  refugees from third world countries cost way more than they give back . 
  i do n't think we need in border checks either . 
  we need a unified policy on external immigration control . 
  in other words , much stronger external borders and less immigration . 
  the eu is made out of independent sovereign states . 
  this is very different from the usa . 
  the us is an actual country with actual borders run by the federal government . 
  states bordering mexico and canada ca n't decide to open their borders . 
  only the federal government can do that . 
  very different from the situation in europe . 
  if one country lets them in they can go anywhere in the eu . 
  that 's the point .
