did he say islam was unique in it 's expansionism ? 
  stop this whataboutism bullshit every time someone criticises islam . 
  it was a joke . 
  there will always be some stallions willing to donate their seed . 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to say . 
  he 's not talking about nationality . 
  he 's talking about ethnicity . 
   basednige i believe you 100 % when you say you 're a remainer . 
  the bundeswehr is severely underfunded . 
  look up how little of your equipment is actually operational . 
  the far-right supporting him makes a lot more sense , considering putin is a right wing authoritarian . 
  i do n't get why the left supports him . 
  and what can be done about that ? 
  should we inject young boys with estrogen ? 
  immigration can be stopped . 
  you ca n't stop men from being born . 
  men as a group are also much more important to society than muslim immigrants . 
  portugal might be even worse . 
  you ca n't really blame the voters when the entire political elite was in favour of it . 
  the public opinion was against it , but the politicians did n't care . 
  they only refuse to do that because they hate germany , and love america for bombing and destroying it . 
  it might seem reasonable , but their motivation is definitely `` crazy '' . 
  my point is that d-day would have been inconceivable without the massive american help . 
  it would be suicidal for britain to attempt anything even remotely like it . 
  there 's also no need to call people rats . 
  you did n't invent radar . 
  the battle of britain was a defensive victory early in the war , not really relevant here . 
  you did ? 
  your biggest use in ww2 was as a giant aircraft carrier for the us . 
  keep going on like this , you 'll face the consequences eventually . 
  it 's not gon na stay that way if europe takes in anyone who wants be here . 
   but waving the isis flag `` is not an expression of disrespect towards any ethnic group , '' i 'm pretty sure isis wants to kill all jews . 
  russia 's propaganda machine and it 's sucesses outweighs any western propaganda greatly . 
  it 's not equal or comparable . 
  it 's this thinking that led to brexit . 
  brits have a superiority and persecution complex . 
  schwerer gustav would grind the rock into dust , 
  britain = england in many contintental minds . 
  i 've seen people saying it 's allowed if the mothers life is in danger . 
  is that not true ? 
  what exactly does this new law mean ? 
  this is what brits actually believe . 
  brexit makes a lot more sense now . 
  because it 's our duty to defend our countries . 
  that 's a fact . 
  all the other nato countries are dwarfed by the us . 
  i dont know about that . 
  he seems to love hamas and hate nato . 
  he also wants the uk to have tridents with conventional warheads , which not only stupid , but reckless . 
  far left can mean a lot of things . 
  corbyn certainly has a lot of `` out there '' views , and hangs out with some really questionable people . 
  many populations in europe are rapidly declining , not staying at a `` moderate level '' . 
  good luck with that !, 
  refugees also make europeans poorer , meaning people have less money to have their own children . 
  he also died 9 years before the first labour government . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  an alternative to your comment could be `` a left winger leading a left wing part ?!, 
  my answer would be that corbyn is far left , and that labour is usually a moderate party . 
  labour is n't really a socalist party , it was n't before corbyn came around at least . 
  social democracy is not socalism . 
  replace `` no one '' with most people . 
  i was pretty shocked when it happened at least , i really do n't think most people saw it coming . 
  no one thought russia would annex a part of ukraine and start a civil war in another part . 
  russia 's economy is tanking , and they 're quickly running out of money . 
  we do n't know what putin might do next , preparing for the worst is the only reasonable thing to do . 
  what about animals that are shot with guns or bows ? 
  no one in this sub would give a shit . 
  whaling has a special status for no reason . 
  the police tried to cover it up , so i would n't be surprised if parts of the media tried as well . 
  wolves see other dogs as competitors , and will attack unprovoked . 
  dogs are n't always leashed . 
  wolves are known to attack dogs . 
  no , that 's not the reason . 
  whaling gets way more attention than factory farming , or hunting of land mammals , which is just as bad . 
  we do n't harm any threatened whales . 
  is there any reason why people get so upset about whaling ? 
  other than sea shepherd propaganda ? 
  things like taking your dog for a walk would be pretty dangerous if that area tiny area had wolves in it . 
  i interpreted it as 900 out of 1000 refugee home fires with set on fire by anti refugee germans . 
  my sources are from norway and sweden . 
  i 'll find it later . 
  it might be different in germany , but i doubt that . 
  i find it very hard to believe the perpetrator was found in 900 out of 1000 fires . 
  fyi , most of the refugee shelter fires were caused by the refugees themselves . 
  the norwegian wolf ( tribe ? ), 
  was hunted to extinction centuries ago . 
  these wolves are from finland or russia . 
  i still do n't think these wolves should be killed , they 're a natural part of our fauna , and still the same species as the old norwegian wolf . 
  people should be critical both ways , for sure . 
  the mainstream media does n't have a history of making negative lies about refugees though . 
  they have a history of withholding information that puts refugees in a bad light . 
   i find it bizzare that despite the alleged skepticism towards the media , people believe 100 % the media stories if the refugees are painted as the aggressors . 
  what people are saying is that the media has a pro refugee bias . 
  it would n't make sense for them to lie about refugees doing bad things . 
  mix some hatred for your own people and culture in there too . 
  it 's fashionable these days . 
  they 're right though . 
  america is a big country . 
  different parts of the country have vastly different demographics . 
  have you forgotten how big america is ?
