  you probably live in a white part of the country . 
  the us is not a good example of multicultural society , in my opinion . 
  i do n't want constant race riots in my country . 
  i do n't want extremely poor minorities who hate the rest of society . 
  of course . 
  it also does n't matter . 
  i 'm not an african . 
  humans evolved after leaving africa . 
  anyone could see that . 
  yes . 
  we 're also related to dogs and cats . 
  we 're related to pretty much everything on the planet . 
  it 's a silly argument to say `` we 're all africans '' . 
  humans evolved after they left africa ... 
  another example from switzerland : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-evzguh6edk, 
  people obviously did n't read the article . 
  it is true anyway . 
  turks and kurds bring their conflict anywhere they go . 
  his friend lost his phone in it while pissing . 
  he was the only one in the group small enough to fit in the hole . 
  people on reddit are pretty fanatical when it comes to surveillance . 
  it would be nearly impossible to stop these attacks without it . 
  he would never get this amount of shit if he was just `` fairly social democrat '' . 
  he 's a far left radical , who obviously belongs in the green party . 
  that 's against european human rights . 
  it 's precisely what breivik sued the government for and won . 
  it was a swedish dominated [ union ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/union_jack_of_sweden_and_norway_%281844-1905%29.svg/500px-union_jack_of_sweden_and_norway_%281844-1905%29.svg.png ) . 
  we had our own parliament and army . 
  yes . 
  we were our own country for 500 years before that though . 
  union , 
  norway has never been part of sweden . 
  shut up , spaniard . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  golden dawn is pretty much openly fascist with their logo and everything . 
  is fp\u00d6 really that similar to golden dawn ? 
  people killing or stabbing a bunch of people is not normal . 
  this probably is n't gang violence or a domestic dispute . 
  every group of people has it 's share of criminals . 
  some groups are massively overrepresented . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's probably more because they 're much more attractive to asian women because of the wealth difference . 
  that 's the answer i was expecting . 
  and why the suggested `` eu army '' will be very hard , or impossible to achieve . 
  i do n't mean a literal eu army . 
  more like an independent europe based nato . 
  it would mean a common foreign policy for eu nations , and the ability project power and influence in neighboring regions . 
  how would german voters react to military build up and an eu army do you think ? 
  you had a massive army during the cold war did you not ? 
  poland is n't crime free , therefore poland should import criminals to get much more crime !, 
  leftist logic 101 . 
  do n't you mean until people are literally hitler 'd in gas chambers ? 
  its 2016 !, 
  there no such thing as european nationality anymore !, 
  did you forget the / s ? 
  they 're not all being deported and trying to kill themselves at the same time . 
  the people who do this should be under much closer surveillance . 
  there 's obviously a much higher risk of them committing desperate acts of violence . 
  maybe i 'm mixing things up , but i think norwegian media said this guy tried suicide as well . 
  what about all the talk of him trying to commit suicide several times ? 
  no one could really know though , just like no one could know it was a terrorist attack . 
  that 's really an assumption too , we do n't know the nature of the attack . 
  its gas guys there is simply no way this was terrorism, 
  this was news before anyone knew who he was . 
  stop this imaginary racism . 
  people chopping random people on the street into pieces with machetes is completely normal guys !, 
  just like any other murder . 
  alright , fair enough . 
  my issue is when people bring these types of expats up as some sort of hypocrisy that people against immigration are guilty of . 
  i 'm not too familiar with the culture of cyprus , but it 's a quite modern , wealthy , western country is it not ? 
  the cultures are already compatible . 
  cyprus also has a long history of being under british rule . 
  this is all irrelevant anyway . 
  a hypothetical brit against immigration to his own country ca n't , and should ` nt be able to control who leaves his country . 
  who enters is a different story . 
  there 's no hypocrisy here . 
  it 's up the cypriots who enters their country . 
  i 'm saying this is a stupid example to use as an argument for mass migration from third world countries . 
  they actually bring a lot of money into your country though . 
  and they 're also very unlikely to commit any crimes . 
  pls stop using this retarded example as an argument , leftists . 
  you 're right , the invasion created an unforeseen clusterfuck . 
  the reasons for invading in the first place are also questionable , even though saddam was a genocidal maniac . 
  one thing is for sure though , terrorists are n't motivated by historical injustices or collateral damage by a large degree . 
  hotel receptionists can be stupid sometimes . 
  i had one argue that norway was n't a country , but the capital of sweden . 
  this was after he looked at our passports . 
  isis is not a direct result or an intended result . 
  you ca n't blame usa/uk for isis , even if you think the iraq war was unjust . 
  jihadist terrorist groups have been around for a long time . 
  you can always go back in history to find some justification for your current actions . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  very few civilians are killed by coalititon air strikes compared to what isis does . 
  there 's always collateral damage in wars , it 's a risk we have to take if we want to fight isis in any meaningful way . 
  if you think they hate us because a relatively small amount of civilians die in our air strikes , you 're dead wrong . 
  lol . 
  in a way it 's true at least for germany . 
  there would be uproar if germany banned a jewish tradition . 
  it broke away from the us and created their own country . 
  they were still massively outnumbered .
