  `` romanian city imports storks to increase local birth rate . '', 
  `` mass euthanisation of stray dogs in bucharest leads to lower prices for mcburgers . '', 
  `` scientists say apocalypse happened two months ago in romania , but went unnoticed . '', 
  the sparkling water would be [ perrier ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perrier ) . 
  br\u00e2nz\u0103 is an old word said to come from our dacian ancestors , so it 's possible . 
  the others are slavic , though , so we got them from you guys . 
  i never knew wallachians immigrated to central europe ... 
  hungarian beers are not bad . 
  you also have the fruity varieties , which i used instead of soda/water during an entire summer trip there . 
  borsodi with apples is good . 
  it made me have alcohol in my system every single second for two weeks . 
  :d still , if there 's one thing i transport out of hungary when i pass through , it 's wine ... 
  last time i was in bratislava , a local friend told me `` try the food , do n't try the beers '' . 
  ca n't remember what brand we had in the end , but even for a lager it was pretty bad . 
  food was great though . 
  funny for a romanian to see `` halusky '' , `` brynzou '' , `` smetana '' and `` slaninou '' ( sorry for the spelling ) in a menu . 
  we call them galuste , branza , smantana and slanina ... 
  silva and silva black are both pretty good , and i do n't usually like dark beer . 
  i also have ursus from time to time , but only because it is or used to be local . 
  what about kru\u0161ovice ? 
  i had it at a festival with beers from central europe and found it much better than anything else on offer , including staropramen ... 
  romania was never part of the ussr . 
  just sayin ' . 
  because the commission has surely been focusing its entire attention on olive oil jugs during the past few weeks ... 
  regarding transylvania , my grandparents have a lot of ( positive ) stories about their armenian , jewish or even slovak friends & classmates from youth , as well as their saxon and hungarian relatives . 
  as i said in another post , while the romanian & hungarian communities are healthy and strong , it 's sad that many of these much smaller communities have faded away , either through emigration or assimilation into the larger society . 
  even the saxons , who were never a ` small ' community before the world war . 
  i imagine transylvania to have been a far more interesting place before those times . 
  i 'm also glad when i hear there has been a slovak festival in those towns near hungary , or that a synagogue is being restored , or that an armenian from a small town manages to be successful in romania . 
  we 've had a small but very kind and prosperous armenian community here in romania for many centuries . 
  [ one of our more well-known ministers of finance in recent years is armenian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varujan_vosganian ) , along with [ the man who reformed our entire education system in the 19th century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spiru_haret ) and quite a few other famous writers , politicians and scientists . 
  as for the country , i do consider it part of europe , even though i ca n't say i 've met a lot of armenian citizens . 
  i think membership of the council of europe ( rather than the eu ) fits the current status of countries in the caucasus . 
  perhaps in a decade or so they will make bigger steps toward the west , but it 's really up to them to make that choice . 
  haha . 
  despite us being neighbours ( and i live 200km away from the border ) , i had never ever met any ukrainians until last year ( err ... the visa thing might have contributed to that ) , when i befriended a whole bunch . 
  top notch people . 
  i remember what they had to go through when they traveled to france on vacation . 
  i think western europe tends to associate ukraine and belarus with russia , which is sort of saying `` east of poland , there be dragons '' . 
  us and the bulgarians were in the same situation - the further west you go , the less things people know about your country . 
  i do n't mean starting a convo on recent political developments , i mean knowing your capital city . 
  i do n't particularly blame them , i have equally little interest for countries near the caspian sea . 
  being part of this ever-bigger european family is helping a lot . 
  i 'm sure things will also be better for ukraine . 
  even if you 've leaned more towards russia , that country itself is becoming ever more palatable to the western eye . 
  there are russian tourists everywhere , and i 'm seeing much less of the superiority complex both russians and westerners used to have toward one another . 
  i ca n't upvote this enough . 
  good education can only take things in a good direction , and this makes no exception . 
  for them to feel swedish they need to be raised swedish ; proper swedish-oriented education will also give them much higher chances on the labour market ( thus eliminating many problems on the long term ) . 
  leaving them to just sort it out in the ghetto will only make things worse for them and the rest of society . 
  gypsies have a nomadic culture . 
  it 's very hard to even begin to `` integrate '' them into our societies , simply because they have a very different understanding of what a society is . 
  by far the worst problem is their frequent refusal to send their children to school , where they might actually learn to live by our norms . 
  their children are often discriminated against , and often reinforce the stereotypes because of their upbringing . 
  the cycle is very difficult to break . 
  sweden has also let in a lot of unschooled asylum seekers , but i think the vast majority of immigrants would be far easier to integrate , as they idea of society is more similar to ours than that of gypsies . 
  and the key also lies in education . 
  i hope the younger rioters and their children will have a chance to be raised as `` swedish '' . 
  it depends on the government too , but mostly on their parents , and the government can take indirect action in that sense as well . 
  ok , further immigration will be regulated , but how will the lives of these thousands of people already in sweden be changed ? 
  how will they be integrated ? 
  how will sweden make sure their future children ( already second - or even third-generation swedish citizens ) will not face the same future in the ghetto ? 
  the issue runs much deeper - both nations claim to have been the first in transylvania . 
  romanians claim to have never left these lands after the roman conquest of dacia , and hungarians claim they found a mostly empty transylvania when they arrived toward the end of the first millennium ( with the romanians having later emigrated from south of the danube ) . 
  so whoever gets to claim dibs on the origin of the ardeal/erd \u00e9ly name also has a strong argument to have been present here earlier , which in turn has political implications . 
  to someone living here they certainly sound like cognates . 
  ardeal is how we would pronounce the hungarian word with a romanian accent , and erd\u00e9ly is vice-versa . 
  there are similar vowel shifts in a lot of bilingual place names in the region . 
  the two are very likely connected , but in absence of a scientific consensus on their origin i 'll just let you draw your own conclusions : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical_names_of_transylvania, 
  aldo , pierluigi ( composite , but still unique to italy ) , placido , ezio , eros , fausto , tarcisio . . ? 
  romanian . 
  `` moldovan '' is a fairly common last name here , as are `` muntean '' ( to designate someone from old wallachia/muntenia ) and `` ardelean '' ( to designate someone from transylvania/ardeal ) . 
  these are the major three historic areas where romanians have lived . 
  muntenia and most of historic moldova united in the 19th century to create modern romania , and then transylvania and the other half of moldova joined in after wwi . 
  that other half of moldova is now a republic , while the rest remains a region of eastern romania . 
  the more you know !, 
  i think it was broadcasted by public stations in every country - with mandatory fees and all that . 
  we just got shafted . 
  names like pleven , vidin and grivitsa pop up a lot in the press today , it was one of our finest hours as neighbours . 
   there is a dark humour joke that our only friendly/peaceful neighbour is the black sea , but i think it 's outdated - we 've become a lot more close on this european road of ours , especially in recent years . 
  we claimed independence from the ottoman empire on this day in 1877 , were then plunged into half a century of communism after this day in 1945 , and now we celebrate it as europe day ... 
  i really hope it stays this way . 
  happy europe day to you , fellow europeans . 
  because i agree with most of the other things you wrote . 
  saying it 's shitty is either some kind of argument or just an insult . 
  so it 's the latter then . 
  oh i 've met hungarians who say they language is `` difficult '' to put it lightly , but any language is at least interesting . 
  the hungarian one is especially interesting just because it sounds so outlandish to us . 
  calling it shitty does n't really contribute to the conversation here , though . 
  it 's just insulting . 
  and the beauty of a language ( which is in the eye - or should i say ear - of the beholder ) does not influence human rights . 
  it 's not like the local community has much to begin with . 
  ethnic romanians do commit crimes ranging from pickpocketing to card fraud , and there are very poor romanians who live in improvised dwellings at the outskirts of french and italian cities . 
  however , there are also plenty of romanian surgeons , architects , engineers , ballerinas , chefs , teachers etc. 
  who live in western cities and contribute very positively to people 's lives there . 
  the trouble is the latter never , ever make the news . 
  as for gypsies , i feel the `` roma '' naming was very unfortunate . 
  i would love to see them integrated , living fulfilling lives for themselves and the people around . 
  i know a few cases of gypsies who 've managed to get themselves through university and who 've even taken it a step beyond by returning to their communities and trying to make a change . 
  i just feel like their voices are drowned in the actions of many of their fellow ethnics , and there really is no easy solution to this , otherwise it would have long stopped being a problem .
