  as for greece - i had moussaka yesterday . 
  mm mm !, 
  ( yes , we make it too ), 
  i thought hungarians mostly prefer northern countries . 
  i 'm not very sure the hungarian community in belgium is even large enough to have stereotypes created against it ... 
  you confuse the hungarian population with their politicians . 
  yes , they 're the ones who put them in office , but often for lack of a better alternative . 
  also , using bad words wo n't help your case , especially when accusing others of not being level-headed . 
  we did that for the ottomans for some time . 
  and for the russians . 
  then for the germans . 
  never quite for ourselves . 
  i for one welcome our new farming overlords . 
  and i do believe they are mostly eu companies ( thankfully ) . 
  the chinese are more interested in infrastructure projects . 
  while i am all pro-eu and thankful for all the good things the eu has brought for my country ( and in my life personally ) , i do n't think federalization is a good idea . 
  we are not one nation . 
  but that 's precisely what makes the eu special . 
  why conform to old federal models when something new has already been created , something that has fared well so far ? 
  i do n't see the current status as being a sort of limbo , i see it as a political status in its own right . 
  it can be tweaked and fixed through democratization and reform , but federalization is one huge step too far . 
  plus , that would only further open the door for the uk to leave , and an eu without the uk is just ... not the eu . 
  the only place i 've ever seen one is the internet . 
  neah . 
  perhaps in moldova . 
  if there 's one thing these regional dialects differ in , it 's names for plants . 
  in my part of translyvania ( cluj ) we say `` lebeni\u0163\u0103 '' for watermelon , `` pepene galben '' for melon and `` castravete '' for cucumber . 
  pepene is mostly used to refer to watermelons . 
  never heard anyone call cucumbers that , and i do n't live in the south . 
  there are a few i can think of off the top of my head , but not sure if they all make up more than 0.07 % of the vocabulary ( to be included there above english ) . 
  hey , neighbour . 
  how is eu accession viewed in serbia in the context of kosovo ? 
  also , do you see slovenia and croatia as models in that regard , or do you generally prefer to do your own thing ? 
  seeing the european integration of ex-yugoslav countries derail in the '90s made me sad , you should have reached the finish line at the same time as us , if not earlier - you had much stronger ties with the west when we all emerged from communism . 
  from the title i imagined the acronym as being fuse , which sounds like one of those evil organizations like kaos in the get smart series . 
  before ww2 minorities were over a quarter of romania 's population . 
  after the war , many of romania 's hungarians , jews and germans ( as well as other smaller minorities ) emigrated to within the borders of their own nations despite having lived here for many centuries . 
  90 % of the population is now romanian , with hungarians being the largest minority at 6-7 % . 
  i feel that we lost a lot of good things after becoming this mono-cultural , even though having various other ethnicities did at times cause frictions with the larger population . 
  as for non-eu immigration , it 's hardly a problem in romania right now , but in the future i would be against my country completely opening its gates and becoming an `` immigration country '' for people that have no cultural or historical links to it , unless they can bring a sufficiently good contribution to our society . 
  in my country there is talk about restoring monarchy every now and then . 
  some of the country 's greatest successes at the turn of the 20th century came along under two consecutive kings ( reforms , union of the lands , political prestige in europe ) , but then everything kind of crumbled and veered into fascism under a playboy king before ww2 . 
  funnily , the husband of crown princess margaret is a layman and a now-retired actor . 
  not a very good one , but still an actor . 
  if you see recordings of him before he became her husband and look at him now , it does seem like the man is playing the role of a lifetime . 
  ten years ago he probably saw nothing wrong with scratching his arse in public , these days he 'll throw a hissy fit if not addressed with `` your princely highness '' . 
  i do believe he is one of the main reasons people remain reluctant to a shift to monarchy . 
  had margaret married a western prince , we might have very well become the only european country in recent memory that goes from republic to monarchy in a completely democratic fashion . 
  i think that train has been missed now . 
  bella vista ? 
  think i found it on google maps . 
  definitely on my list next time i 'm there ... 
  sometime after that horribly hippie-touristy medieval festival . 
  it really depends on the product . 
  textiles , footwear and electronics are some of the usual suspects for slave labour and pollution , respectively . 
  other products can be made with less amounts of human input and in more eco-friendly ways . 
  our winters mean subzero temperatures and two feet of snow ( if one does n't live in the mountains , in which case shoveling becomes a national pastime for a few months a year ) . 
  i 'm sure dutch winters are more than acceptable . 
  my own dream is to retire near the mediterranean , and laugh while i watch reports of snowstorms on the continent in a short-sleeved shirt . 
  hmm , where in sighisoara is that ? 
  not in the old town ? 
  berlin is my favorite city in the entire world . 
  parts of my family are sch\u00e4\u00dfburger sachsen and i used to visit southern germany in the summers when i was a kid , but never been to berlin until recently . 
  it was just ... 
  i do n't know , i 've lived and studied on other continents too , but berlin feels like the have-it-all city , with an amazing personality of its own . 
  i remember being on friedrichstra\u00dfe , where a square inch of land costs an arm and a leg , and there was a huuuge beach bar right at the corner of a street , with sand dunes and everything . 
  in any other place a new building would have been erected as soon as possible . 
  same goes for the pink pipes in potsdamer platz ( what are they for ? ), 
  - other cities would try to hide them away , paint them grey , cover them in signage . 
  berlin said ` fuck it ' and painted them pink . 
  i know berliners are becoming resistant to yuppies and other young people moving there just for the sake of it , and i will probably never get to live there anyway , but by god , if there 's a place i can say i fell in love with at first sight , it 's berlin . 
  that looks very pretty . 
  for some reason my mind immediately went to the 1920s , especially when you mentioned people with their trousers rolled up , the sun shining , a general feeling of being carefree ... 
  it 's not exactly art deco by the looks of it , but it sure has that feel . 
  god damn it , even our bees have it going rough . 
  it can be an omen of slave labour and carelessness for the environment , technical quality aside . 
  those would only be lithuania , latvia and estonia . 
  10 lei says it 's gon na be a church . 
  i ca n't blame the producers . 
  those in asian countries ca n't really beat around the bush and have to put the actual place name on the tag , but we get to use something with a better ring to it . 
  to be fair , romanian factories do manufacture in accordance with eu standards thanks to that flurry of directives in the past few years ( and if you 're going to mention horse meat i will point you in the direction of the netherlands ) , but marketing is marketing . 
  did n't they turn it into a pub or something ? 
  a hotel owner in my neighborhood has a hummer h1 . 
  it 's big , it 's bad , it 's bright yellow ( i know ... ) and it 's not going anywhere . 
  he can always take the freeway and drive out of town ( where a lorry can , he can ) , but downtown ? 
  better call a cab . 
  to be fair , public transportation is excellent in most european cities and driving a car can often become a hassle . 
  these days urban planning is further designed to make people leave their cars at home , or at least carpool . 
  and apart from the eco-friendliness , having beautiful pedestrian-only areas in those medieval centers is quite worth it . 
  i 'm going to cheat and post this ( small ) album of photos of my city that i took from google street view a few days ago : http://imgur.com/a/frxbo it 's cluj-napoca , second largest city in romania , historic capital of transylvania . 
  mostly romanian , with a sizable hungarian community ( and history ) . 
  haha , i was going to post the same . 
  `` made in germany '' means made in germany ; `` made in the eu '' means made in romania or bulgaria . 
  it 's especially true for cities . 
  european cities usually developed around a medieval center , so they 're always crammed and parking becomes a bitch . 
  it 's not that we have a fetish for public transportation , we just really have to use it most of the time . 
  i 've had american friends who were flabbergasted at the way i drove in third gear on 7 foot-wide streets , with parked cars on either side . 
  little do they know that every time i get back home i feel like petting my side mirrors and telling them everything 's going to be okay . 
  in the us ? 
  going across town means a road trip .
