  i only made the point to show that your point of view was skewed . 
  though i do believe that we would be better off with the eu . 
  i think some sort of union between the nation 's of europe is a good idea but not how this one is built . 
   should you , and more importantly theresa may stick to this line of reasoning on the other hand i do believe it 's time for the eu to finally stick up for itself and actively defend itself , just as your country is doing with regards to maintaining unity within the uk . 
  that 's part of the problem i have with the eu , it acts as if it 's one unified nation . 
  that 's not right . 
  it 's not a case of defense . 
  it 's a union not a single super state so it should n't move to protect itself . 
  the idea of the eu trying to retain its membership is terrifying and partially why people voted leave . 
   more like wishing something good for ni and scotland who did n't vote for this mess . 
  that 's a very silly argument , you 're smart , you know that . 
   and why exactly ? 
  you 're leaving already yourself , no one stopped you either . 
  so why would you wish for it to collapse ? 
  why would you wish for the uk to collapse ? 
  and the uk is an actual country too . 
  do you see how stupid your point of view is now ? 
   i myself hope that ireland will unify and scotland will rejoin the eu on its own , because i love your isles . 
  wishing something bad on the isles you love ? 
  there is no reason you ca n't love us because we are n't in the eu . 
   the ones shitting yourselves are you brits right now meh , only a little and only some . 
  a lot of us are buzzing tbh , nervous of course , but buzzing . 
  the people who are crying and shitting themselves are on reddit . 
   you 're the ones pretty much stuck cozying up to trump and his completely unreliable temperament , not us . 
  we would be doing that regardless . 
  it 's the usa , we 've long had a special relationship with them . 
  long may it live . 
   if the rest of the eu manages to hold together next year i think we 're in an excellent position to profit from your anglo-saxon isolationism . 
  i hope it collapses . 
  if the uk is so insignificant then why are the eu shitting themselves ? 
  the little bastard stays with us . 
  then what 's the point in the eu ? 
  that was basically the only thing the remain campaign had , was that leaving would be an economic disaster . 
  there is a possibility for the long term . 
  i 'd be super surprised if it was in the short term . 
  i hear different definitions from everyone , it 's really confusing . 
  i think at some point they changed it but idk . 
  i do n't really remember saying that but to an extent they are . 
  it 's globalism between all of the 28 member states but the eu puts up barriers to everyone else . 
  ah the infamous russian hackers . 
  i might put a bet on le pen . 
  once le pen is in the eu is finished . 
  good riddance !, 
  funny that , the eu is pretty protectionist but they 're all growing positively now . 
  too bad that word has lost its meaning . 
   she wo n't allow dual citizenships with non-european countries jesus christ , she 's much scarier than trump . 
  you know brexit and trump right ? 
  you do n't speak for them !, 
  damn those european bureaucratic elitists , they 're not giving us anything !, 
  we know we want to demand something but we 're not sure what to demand . 
  your going to be disappointed when it does n't stop in 2017 . 
  we still have to wait and see how trump plays out , the french election and who knows how long it will be until brexiteers finally happens . 
  the government could brand t as anything . 
  most satire is critical of the government so they could just say it 's `` fake news '' and rush a bill through parliment forcing isps to block satire sites . 
  i honestly would n't be surprised . 
  i think at one point it was reccomend that you do then something changed and now i think they say you should n't keep them in the fridge but ultimately it does n't matter . 
  i keep them by the job for convenience . 
   2016 did you sleep through writing that comment ? 
  second class citizens in their own country ,, 
  i love macrons face here . 
  he 's just thinking `` please , just sit down '', 
  it did . 
  i was unaware they were the main arguments . 
  just because you interpreted something on the side of a bus wrongly does n't mean everyone voted because of it . 
  no they were n't . 
  that does n't really mean anything though , does it ? 
  i do n't know what point you 're trying to make . 
  fuck off , we had a great understanding and we voted leave . 
  stop being an arrogant twat and just accept democracy . 
  labour are still under represented because of fptp . 
  edit : i was wrong , conservatives are just over represented . 
  holy shit that is a shock result . 
  looks like labour managed to successfully turn the debate to public services for some people . 
   how would you answer people who point out that the eu commission ( which is n't democratic ) is roughly equivalent to the british civil service , which is also non democratic . 
  this is false . 
  only elected mps , or lords , can introduce legislation . 
  where as in the eu only the commission can introduce or repeal legislation . 
   your statement that the eu is built for business etc could equally be applied to westminster ( or washington ) how would you answer this ? 
  no this is false . 
  westminster is built to represent the people and govern the people . 
  they very foundations of the eu were built for an industry cartel . 
   you say you feel a union between counties is good but not this one , would you like to see the eu fail so that something stronger can take its place , or do you think the eu could be reformed ? 
  depends what you mean by stronger . 
  but probably not stronger . 
  cooperation is very important so some sort of union or organisation is a good idea . 
  europe can not become a single state like the idealogues in brussels want . 
  it would be awful . 
  it should never become that . 
  the current the eu can not be reformed . 
  the commission does n't want it reformed and their is n't enough drive from the powerful member states . 
  and if the people of the eu want that then that 's fine . 
  because the eu is not built for the people . 
  it 's built for the interests of the brussels bureaucrats and big business . 
  the eu is undemocratic , it bullies democratically elected governments that are trying to enact the will of the people . 
  i think some sort of union between the countries is a good idea but not this one . 
  this one is built on the undemocratic foundations of an industry cartel . 
  furthermore eu nationalism is a very dangerous idea especially when the people have little power . 
  then there is immigration . 
  french immigration policy is virtually dictated by the germans government , whom the french did not elect . 
  merkel let 's the migrants in and everyone else has to bear the burden .
