  why does the original intention of people decades ago matter to the reality today . 
  i 'm talking about reality here , not somebody 's intention . 
   the uk is just a crippled empire . 
  no , the uk is a nation . 
  it is no longer an empire . 
  the uk is more democratic than the eu . 
  it 's also debateable whether it 's a super state or not depending on the definition . 
  they are n't exactly comparable though are they ? 
   where do you draw the line between local government and federal goverment ? 
  this discussion can be compared to people debating over whether the village council should have full sovereignty inside the government . 
  well what 's wrong with more power to local governments ? 
  what 's actually wrong with that ? 
  there would be less separation between the people and the power . 
  people would be able to influence their government much better . 
  i think areas of the uk should have more devolution . 
  including different areas of england , i do n't actually see what 's wrong with that tbh . 
  people talk about it as if it 's a step backwards but i disagree . 
   your government also still had a massive amount of independence from the eu , and is still equally incapable of holding its people 's best interests at heart . 
  it 's a government we elected though , that 's the difference . 
  i have no power over the eu . 
   let 's ask the question differently : is it inherently bad ? 
  that 's not asking the question differently , that 's an entirely different question . 
  i would n't say it 's * inherently * bad but i think in the case of the eu , it being an ambitious ` project ' is a bad thing  or do you simply want to imply that in this specific case it 's bad . 
  then simply say so . 
  i never really said otherwise . 
  i guess i 'm making two points here , the fact that it is n't inherently good and the fact that it could even be a bad thing in this specific case . 
   a project like the eu project needs to be ambitious , in order to achieve progress . 
  if it would n't be , we would have stagnation , some call it status-quo , because it sounds nicer . 
  what 's wrong with maintaining a status quo ? 
  why is a status quo such a bad thing just because it 's the status quo ? 
   but the world keeps changing at a faster pace and the eu needs to adapt accordingly . 
  no , or does n't . 
  the eu should not be a state , that 's not what we originally voted for 40 odd years ago . 
   it was very ambitious in the beginning and it is often cited as an example in different fields and if it wants to survive it is going to have to remain ambitious . 
  well that 's just the problem is n't it ? 
  the eu is acting like a faction . 
  nobody asked for this . 
  there was no vote on this or no referendum . 
  there is too much separation from the people and the power . 
  why is the eus survival and expansion the sole purpose of the eu ? 
  nobody voted for this . 
  i live in britain and when i talk to older people who voted leave , they mostly seem to say that the eu is just unrecognisable compared to what they voted for 50 years ago . 
  the very fact that the eu is ambitious and wants to be its own state is a bad thing . 
  the people inside the eu , whom nobody elected , wo n't stop let anything get in their way of their project . 
   of course , the progress achieved is often up for debate . 
  that is your duty as a citizen of the eu . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with debating the achievements of this project . 
  they wo n't change though . 
  the eu is set on a paths and they wo n't change because they do n't have to . 
  they are n't accountable to the people . 
   but in this case , we know the eu is a rewarding effort . 
  well that 's certainly up for debate . 
   edit : please give me some examples of why you think the eu does more harm than good . 
  well this is all a different debate entirely , i 'm talking specifically about the ` ambitious ' bit here and not just the title of the post . 
  the comments on this thread and the general attitude towards the eu is that it 's ` ambitious ' and i 'm just pointing out how that could be a flaw rather than a good thing . 
  that being said there is plenty wrong with the eu . 
  i do n't want to live in an undemocratic federalised super state . 
  why on earth would i want to submit my sovereignty to people who dont hold my best interests at heart ? 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that it being ambitious is n't neccerarily a good thing , and i think in this case it 's a bad thing . 
  something being ambitious is n't inherently good though , is it ? 
  why is ambitious a good thing anyway ? 
  to me that makes it sound awful . 
  christ , normally the times is pretty on the ball . 
  this is just embarrassing tbh . 
  it 's not a shithole you ungrateful brat . 
  [ insert some form of hungary joke here ], 
  why is this cringe ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  glad we can agree on something . 
  please stay . 
  where are half of the countries ? 
  yeah if people like juncker leave and the whole thing is reformed then maybe , but no euro and no schengen . 
  ok , thanks . 
  why does everyone love this guy ? 
  holy crap , look at russia . 
   that relationship has resulted in the uk participating in some pretty enormous disasters including the sanctions regime on iraq and the iraq war . 
  the latter was not even supported by the majority of the british public but the considerations of the special relationship took precedence . 
   i think it 's fair to say we are still facing the consequences of the iraq war today , which destabilised the entire region . 
  leaving aside whether you 're in the eu or not , i think you 'd be better served to move away from that special relationship . 
  well not all countries with a relationship with the us went into iraq . 
  the us would 've gone in alone anyway . 
  we get more benefits with a stable and healthy relationship with the us than negatives . 
  oh give over . 
  every euro country is a bitch to germany . 
   how are they forcing the uk to remain ? 
  you 're free to leave , just do n't expect to have the same benefits as if being a full member afterwards . 
  you just said that the eu should stand up for itself and ` defend ' itself from any other countries that want to leave . 
   the hostility right now is coming from british politicians and press who act like it has been the rest of europe who threw them out instead of them voting to leave themselves . 
  that 's really not the case . 
  we are all pretty chuffed with ourselves for leaving . 
   did you seriously expect the rest of us here in europe to say , sure , you already had the most exemptions of ** any ** country in the eu because we value you so much , heck , we even granted more to cameron in feb 2015 , but now you 're leaving we will of course just give you every single benefit of full membership on a silver platter without asking for anything in return ? 
  no one expected that . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   because this seems to be the negotiating position the uk is taking right now , with the threat of turning a country of 60 + million people into the virgin islands with regards to corporate freeloading should we not cave into every single demand . 
  no that 's not the position were taking . 
  and that threat was obviously just a threat . 
  it was obviously a negotiating tactic to remind the eu that the uk has the potential to fuck them over economically . 
  it wo n't happen though . 
  we hold a lot of the cards going into the negotiations , i just hope it ends well for everyone . 
   i 'll happily concede my point being silly and dishonest if you would do the same .
