so proud of the uks involvement in this . 
  i wonder how the eu got that money ... 
  idiots . 
  he comes across as very arrogant . 
  none of those african or asian countries are though ... 
  well if you guys are gon na include part of africa and those asian countries then we do n't want to be part of it !, 
  is this in europe or turkey ? 
  my favourite bit is the ` censored by the left ' on the top right . 
  dm actually coming out with some truth bombs holy shit . 
  now * that 's * historic . 
  you are actually very right . 
  the kind of people who insist we use these phrases want non-white people to be special though . 
  i do n't know but thats the term the pc crowd seem to use . 
  yeah i 'm thinking he must 've broken the law here . 
  he 's just an outright cunt tbh . 
  except most scottish people do n't actually want a referendum before brexit . 
  edit : downvoted for giving the facts . 
  yeah the pc term is now ` people of colour ' . 
  i do n't see how ` coloured people ' is bad let alone how ` people of colour ' is better . 
  probably not related to that . 
  maybe though . 
  exactly a year after the brussels bombings as well . 
  edit : i heard a terroism expert on the telly say that these sort of attacks are rarely planned to be on particular days . 
  this is most likely a coincidence but it 's not outside of the realms of possibility . 
  yay go us . 
  what russian threat ? 
   we should embrace change whenever we have a good plan for doing so yes , and the eu becoming one nation is far from a good change . 
  the president of the commission who appoints his commission is set by the eu parliament which is voted in by the people . 
   there is one commissar sent by every member country and the whole commission can be accepted or rejected by the parliament after all commissars are named . 
  right , can you see the amount of separation from the power and the people ? 
   seems utterly complicated but generally democratic . 
  generally democratic is n't good enough . 
  it degrades my democratic power to hold the people that govern me to account . 
  that makes it undemocratic . 
   the problem here is more that unqualified people get sent by the governments of the member countries and that the president of the commission as well as the parliament have to sort of live with that . 
  it does n't matter who they send , because they are n't accountable to the people . 
  tehre is no fucking way i can even begin to get italy 's commissioner out of the commission . 
  there is just no way . 
   the eu is different . 
  it is built upon discussions and understanding . 
  and it 's internal structure is undemocratic . 
  verhofstadt want 's the eu yo be an empire . 
   it may not be perfect , far from it , but it is possibly the first step to a world that is unified . 
  i mean that just sounds awful . 
   where there are no more borders and that is n't neccersarily a good thing . 
  in fact that also seems awful . 
   and people can still maintain their cultures and native languages . 
  can we ? 
  can we really ? 
  how is our culture going to be maintained without borders ? 
   i do n't like the eu , but i respect those who have built it , grown it and maintained it . 
  i do n't respect the ones that have grown it to be a super state , because right now that 's what they want . 
   it is a massive project and it still only covers countries with a very similar cultural backgroumd , even if they have warred for centuries . 
  well yes similar cultural background but still different . 
  britains culture is still quite different to taht of germany 's . 
  why on earth do i want a german or any other nationality other than british , in brussels dictating what 's going to happen with britain ? 
  why would we want to surrender our sovereignty like that ? 
   it could be either amazing or terrifying to see the future of the eu . 
  it 's definitely not gon na stay as it is . 
  it will either grow or crumble . 
  well hopefully it will crumble . 
  yes but you were talking about the status quo as if it 's inherently evil or bad , or at least worse than the alternative which is simply not true . 
  yes , that is what fptp looks like . 
  i was unaware the eu commision was elected by the people of europe under a proportional system . 
   of course not . 
  therefore maintaining the status quo is better than a bad change . 
   we should continue to search for changes that seem plausible and helpful , and try those that we can . 
  and i do n't think the eu is one of them . 
   would you say our current world is good enough , and we should just keep it as is ? 
  no of course it is n't good enough . 
  far from it . 
  that does n't mean we need the eu though . 
   and then you get nationalism . 
  and then you get wars . 
  so a better democracy inherently leads to nationalism ? 
  well that explains a lot of the eus actions in their crusade against nationalism . 
   not anymore , now that you 've voted to leave . 
  ever heard of [ european elections ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_to_the_european_parliament ) i was n't aware i voted in the eu commission , strange that one . 
   a post-scarcity society for all humans without fucking the environment up , i guess ? 
  we have a * long * way to go . 
  why should we accept any thing less as `` good enough '' when there are still problems in the world ? 
  because not every change will be a good change . 
   i recognise that not all change is progress , but if there 's no change then you guarantee no progress . 
  wtf , so we should blindly make change at the chance of making progress ? 
   but us nations that have seen the destruction of many many wars , caused by friction between the many nations that have to share this continent , really do want a united europe for everyone 's safety . 
  well of course if you all want a united europe go ahead , by you should n't condemn future generations to it . 
  anyhow good luck with that democracy , 
   because whoever does that will be left behind by those who are making progress . 
  ok so at what point do we have to stop making ` progress ' , at what point have we reached perfection ? 
   we made progress from that . 
  should n't we continue to do so ? 
  i feel you are confusing progress with change . 
  not every change is progress . 
  ` progress ' is subjective . 
  i do n't think creating a new european empire is progress as such . 
   no they 're not . 
  how so ? 
  how is the eu more democratic than the uk ? 
   the eu is a cooperation of nations to make europe a less chaotic and more peaceful place .
