  man , earth and beyond was cool too . 
  those poor interns . 
  there are neighborhoods in portland with median incomes under 30k . 
  38k is an income some people never even reach . 
  because they do n't tend to end well . 
  oregonian is trash for trash people . 
  when you have a lot of weed you start eating it . 
  it balances out . 
  get rid of pets . 
  barkeep , i want a beer so hoppy i can use it like pine-sol . 
  are you comparing children to animals ? 
  100 's of thousands of baby boomers die each month . 
  um , the more college someone has , the more likely they are to vote progressive . 
  when i went to grad school for civil engineering i knew a single republican student in our program of 50 . 
  you going to make a point ? 
  you ca n't because trump 's fiscal policies are horrible for millennials . 
  you need to learn to lie better . 
  if trump gets elected maybe they can cut a swath through the se and build the mt hood expressway . 
  they are n't as healthy as their parents . 
  because his tax cuts are infeasible without massive infrastructure and institutional cuts . 
  which affect people students and young families most . 
  so how are trump 's policies going to help millennials who make over 25k a year ? 
  because they are fucked under trump 's plan . 
  not according to any economist who has looked at it . 
  holy fuck , i 'm paying $ 140-200 here in oregon for dank stuff . 
  a good pastry piping bag costs 5 bucks and will last the home chef for decades . 
  great for pancakes . 
  start with a vegetarian slow cooker chili . 
  find one you like online . 
  4-6 bucks for a week 's worth of lunches . 
  rolling stone is legit . 
  you guys need to legalize it so we can exchange weed like we exchange beer . 
  this will help unify us as anglophones . 
  they are dishwasher safe ... 
  alien fire has a weird stone to it . 
  sounds like that are 99 % of the time surface debris being pulled across the hull of your boat . 
  am i the only one here that finds strippers repulsive ? 
  is it really lazy to spend money instead of time when your time is more precious ? 
  most american public universities and all high schools have removed their ombudsman systems which ostensibly bridged the views between administration , teacher , and student . 
  we have concentrated too much power in the various boards/executive/administrative layers . 
  these administrators and board member are public-sector education jobs which are passed almost universally among people from ivy league universities . 
  why is that, 
  there is literally nothing now these administrations will answer to besides a summons to court . 
  i think the economic 1 % ers have taken over education , and that frightens me . 
  i was at a wedding this summer where the bridesmaids dresses cost 5k each . 
  eating out can be frugal if your time is worth more than the cost of cooking . 
  also for some folks , eating out is networking for your job . 
  they would n't win in the county they are in , that is for sure . 
  entire small towns have bus service because of bills like these . 
  ex-stripper sister now cn on 3rd baby daddy found god in detox from benzos and now posts facebook diarrhea about being saved every day . 
  it is an intergenerational wealth divide that is getting worse as people live longer . 
  get snowshoes if you want to venture far from the car at crater lake . 
  people fall in the snow drifts and break their legs . 
  it is no joke . 
  either discuss the article or downvote , no one has time for your comments . 
  just plan to arrive 30 minutes ahead of time , this is the way public transit works the world over . 
  i do n't understand why people think portland should be magically different . 
  thankfully this sterilizes the male riders . 
  we need to start licensing bike riders . 
  you are what is wrong with this subreddit then . 
  if this community would stop whining about every article maybe more interesting discussions would take place . 
  those marxist manchildren are batshit though . 
  because it is incessant and interrupts the flow of discussion on the posts of the day , and all for senseless nitpicking and grandstanding . 
  take your soap box elsewhere . 
  you are the same manchildren to me . 
  no , this is just you pounding on your chest for the umpteenth time because you need endless validation that you are technically correct on something . 
  again , if you feel the need to nitpick , why do n't you use that negative energy to clean up your workspace or house instead ? 
  how many times have you derailed a discussion with your fussiness ? 
  same as any other company but a school should not be run like a company . 
  when i play tr i constantly spray the horizon like a good commie . 
  repetition is the lowest form of retort . 
  do better or do n't bother replying mr. look-at-me-i-can-nitpick man . 
  sealskinz are worth it but realize they only last 3-4 seasons . 
  they go on sale for 30-40 all the time on amazon . 
  pretty much always . 
  you should make a cartoonish android app with a donate button . 
  a civil engineer 's head should roll for this . 
  the debt load for police pensions is insane for most towns . 
  i was just in a small town of 30k people and almost 40 % of its tax revenue is going to just the fireman and policeman retirement disability funds . 
  the schools are falling apart . 
  almost 50 % of taxes is n't a reward it is extortion . 
  the average cop is now retiring in his mid 40 's and living into his 70 's . 
  paying for 30 years of retirement is insane . 
  so do lots of other people . 
  cops are n't fucking special . 
  epa used to attract the top minds in the country . 
  now it ca n't even compete to attract mediocre talent . 
  no one wants to start a government career in the sciences or engineering with the gop throwing tantrums with the budget . 
  epa is a shell of what it once was . 
  it needs funding for that expertise because it sure as hell is not paying enough to get geologists who know what the fuck they are doing when they can go work in the oil fields for 120k + a year and they are offering half that . 
  yep , airports run out of wheelchairs all the time . 
  you can look up almost any small town in a place like [ illinois and you 'll find it is over 25 % ] ( http://www.sj-r.com/article/20140628/news/140619232 ) . 
  in the 1990 's they got really fucking optimistic on the growth of the pension so cities did not contribute as much , now you have small towns with 100 's of millions in debt . 
  even with the massive taxes nyc gets , 11 % of that goes to their pension funds , which still are underfunded . 
  there is going to be a reckoning with public pensions but the baby boomers are going to try to suck the well dry first . 
  more likely the airport was scrambling to find a wheelchair . 
  if we stopped paying for security theater we could have nice airports again . 
  some small towns are higher . 
  well we ca n't let the children starve , better they be allowed to work in coal mines or turn a trick . 
  you can thank utah for that .
