  if you want to make tr better , keep your opinions on what is tr or not to meta subreddits . 
  try / r/theoryofreddit . 
  i find that people that call other people plebs are usually douchebags who pseudo intellectualize everything . 
  i did , apparently you did not . 
  complaining what is and what is not tr accomplishes nothing . 
  you going to call me a pleb next ? 
  what are you 40 going on 15 ? 
  you know why i pointed out that you are a pseudo-intellectual ? 
  just to see if you would further demonstrate it by whining some more . 
  now that i have better things to do i 'll leave you to your cheap outrage over tr not being a bastion of pure ethereal cosmic knowledge . 
  going to need some gmo popcorn i can eat as handfruit for this one . 
  so what ? 
  europe still has the same problems as america does with suburbs . 
  do you want to include eastern europe in your calculus ? 
  there are two ways i know of to approach a fruit-based creme brulee . 
  there is the fruit reduction method which can incorporate braising the fruit beforehand , esp if you are n't dealing with ripe fruit you will want to go for some caramelization before mixing with the heavy cream , yolks , and sugar . 
  however , you are n't going to be adding much and honestly 9 times out of 10 you can just grab some jam or jelly off a store shelf and no one will be the wiser . 
  the second method is to make a simple syrup with ripe peaches . 
  lol , they are n't lowering it to 5 dollars an hour in au are they ? 
  what a cogent and well-thought point . 
  i bow before your brilliance . 
  most police shootings are justified by the same thugs who commit them . 
  i find that people who use youtube links to support their arguments are usually idiots . 
  lol , over 40 % of tuition increases in the past 10 years have been because of administrative cost increases . 
  the idea that one of the lowest percentage loans in the us is somehow causing massive inflation is ridiculous . 
  it is a palate cleanser . 
  what is your slowcooker ? 
  for mine that reaches 280 at 4 hours on high , it would be about 20 % more cook time i would imagine . 
  i know muslims and jewish folk that eat pork . 
  does eating pork make them not muslim or jewish ? 
  at least it is n't deconstructionism or some other form of post-structuralist thought . 
  well , most economists disagree with your libertarian manchild views . 
  um , it is not like we have n't stopped building universities all of the sudden . 
  more students are accepted to universities today than even a year ago . 
  `` economics '' is n't something you can point out to explain something , it is not religion . 
  they mix it in with the nut cheese while baking at a few places here for vegan pies . 
  they are acceptable . 
  no , i do n't . 
  we were adding seats at colleges equal or faster than demand up until 2008-2009 , and costs were still wildly increasing . 
  admin costs are the number one culprit , and there is absolutely no justifiable reason for them to increase at the rate they are . 
  '' `` between 1993 and 2007 , '' they write , `` the number of full-time administrators per 100 students at america 's leading universities grew by 39 percent , while the number of employees engaged in teaching , research , or service only grew by 18 percent . 
  inflation-adjusted spending on administration per student grew by 61 percent during the same period , while instructional spending per student rose 39 percent . '' '', 
  that is a scam . 
  inflation does n't single out industries . 
  500 `` economists '' , lol some of them are community college professors . 
  there are 100 's of thousands of economists , and you got 500 to sign something , big whoop . 
  `` in a recent report , david neumark concluded that `` [ t ] he existing research literature provides no, 
  solid evidence of beneficial distributional e!ects of minimum wages for poor or low-income families, 
  on the whole . 
  as a result , there is no basis for concluding that minimum wages reduce the proportion, 
  of families living in poverty or near poverty '' ( neumark 2012 ) . 
  however , a careful look at the existing, 
  research does not seem to support this conclusion . 
  the totality of evidence from the 12 published, 
  studies for which i could obtain or construct minimum wage elasticities point towards some poverty, 
  reduction from minimum wage increases . '', 
  your studies are based on wildly misinterpreting data . 
  most modern economic literature shows that raising the price floor of labor above the equilibrium has far , far more positive effects on the bottom quintile of workers than anyone else , even if they are only moderate . 
  which would entail that further increases in min wages may be even more beneficial . 
  show me an actual study , not done by an agenda-laden institution , and i 'm also not going to wade through heavy-breathing libertarian youtube videos . 
  lol , those things took c batteries . 
  she also has 7 police officers in her family . 
  i wonder what is really going on . 
  mine wo n't load . 
  edit : found one . 
  she also has 7 police officers in her family . 
  who is arguing that here ? 
  people are working two or three jobs . 
  losing 500k low skilled jobs does n't mean that the bottom quintile still will not benefit from a higher premium on their labor . 
  you have no idea obviously what these reports actually mean , and you are here with a toxic libertarian agenda . 
  do you actually read economic papers or do you just google search a few lines here and there that fit your narrative ? 
  anyone that talks like you is usually a bigot , so who cares what you think ? 
  oregon is doing the mentos challenge . 
  working here on chrome pc . 
  property rights -- like being able to own slaves  civil rights . 
  we actually could use some more affordable condo units tbh . 
  the problem is the ones they are building are 200-300k per . 
  i 'd really like to see some of those parking lots near the max stops on the west and east sides be turned into high density developments . 
  lol , sing a sad song for the suburbanites . 
  did you disable html 5 playing or something ? 
  15 dollar a minute late charges for daycare only happens in a few places around town ; namely lake oswego and cedar hills , and most people raising kids that are doing what sounds like 2-3k a month daycare live in the burbs . 
  do you pay 20-30k a year for daycare ? 
  15 a minute charges are , quite frankly , obscene . 
  most places charge 0.50-2 .00 dollars per minute for late/early pickup/dropoff . 
  if you are being charged 15 dollars a minute , you are doing pretty god damn well . 
  i guess you can think about it like al dente . 
  it 'll be about 80-90 % of where you want it to be when you wash it off it in a colander and then return it to steam under its own retained heat in a tight fitting vessel . 
  it will be different for each kind of rice but boiling it in a large amount of water will eliminate the uneven texture you are experiencing at all altitudes . 
  the fact that you need a citation for this shows that you live in a bubble . 
  15 dollars a minute is outrageous . 
  we ca n't base economic policy for 100 's of millions of people because a few hundred thousand might be slightly worse off when 10 's of millions will demonstrably benefit , reducing the tax burden on the rest of us , who currently pay their social services . 
  lol , you are insane if you think that is standard for the industry . 
  you guys in your little bubbles are why prices keep rising and rising . 
  5-10 dollars for being up to 15 minutes late/early is standard fare in most daycare centers . 
  that is an average day care center rate , 1 dollar a minute . 
  here are dozens of ones that are lower . 
  you guys have no idea what things costed before you came along and now you are ruining this city for everyone . 
  1 dollar a minute , you guys are ruining this city because you have no idea what things should cost . 
  i am not going to reply to a person who capitalizes his points . 
  they wo n't need to twist anything .
