  we just dealt last summer with a pump station build out that had two workers get injured when the loaders did not use the correct dunnage for transporting the pipe . 
  so as soon as the tension belts were release on one side the whole mess came tumbling down on the unloaders . 
  that logistics company is now blackballed forever by our firm . 
  no worksite is going to be completely safe , and identifying and remove irresponsible assholes should be considered part of everyone 's job description on site . 
  what is happening is that consumer perception is fucking with the reality of the economic vacuuming sound above their heads . 
  wealth is being massively redistributed to the top but people are happy that they can buy consumer goods like lcd tvs that are bigger than before the crisis . 
  goods are becoming cheaper but housing sure as fuck is n't . 
  that is because at the end of the day , owning property or capital is the only real long term investment . 
  either you own where people live or work , or you own the machines that make the goods . 
  that is the way capitalism is set up . 
  social programs attempt to bring some equity to the mix by raising the standard of living of those less well off than others . 
  unions strive to build out a middle class that everyone can attain . 
  once you start taking the razor and shaving off parts of social programs here and there than more and more of what capitalism is becomes apparent . 
  namely , it is indifferent to human suffering , unless it can make a profit in reducing it or more likely causing it , either directly or through inaction . 
  if you marry anyone who does n't have their financial or educational or career shit together and only has hotness going for them , i tend to agree . 
  there are a certain class of entitled people in their 20 's especially who think that just by being attractive and fun -- read : active lifestyle -- that they do n't need to do anything else . 
  it is n't just on one side of the aisle but it does skew towards females because there is a lot less social pressure for women to have their shit together , even though they are far more likely to at any given age . 
  yep , the institutional buyers -- both legit and shady -- are buying the houses cash in hand as well , so no normal person can actually compete with them . 
  in some metros institutional owners of residential properties has increased 200-300 % since we collectively bailed the banks out . 
  wtf did the uk and us governments think the banks were going to do with that money ? 
  sit on it ? 
  well they did n't . 
  they knew the real estate game was rigged because they helped rig it . 
  it would be as if the dealer in a monopoly game ran out of money , asked for money from the other players or he would stop playing the game , so the other players begrudgingly give him some , and then he proceeds to buy up all the property on the board while refusing to give out loans to the other players who run out of money . 
  median income needed for a house in the bay area is $ 120k and will be hitting $ 200k by middle of the century , half of people currently living in the bay area will never be able to afford a home . 
  london is over \u20a4 55k but the [ median income is half of that ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/dec/12/uk-median-weekly-pay-is-517-but-who-earns-that ) . 
  i 'm not saying it is the best solution , just that it is possible . 
  california which has some the highest median incomes of any metroes on the planet ? 
  the only people leaving are the middle class and low-skilled workers . 
  texas can have all the shitty jobs no one else wants , good for them . 
  why does it have hair, 
  snakes are dumb . 
  [ i use one of these ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00hjzji84/ref=as_li_tl?ie=utf8&amp;camp=1789&amp;creative=390957&amp;creativeasin=b00hjzji84&amp;linkcode=as2&amp;tag=dogecoinmining-20&amp;linkid=vugez6eibt4zlgfs ) with a cheap ssd for the exact same reason , work comp on the road . 
  does to me , i do n't celebrate my uncle who died from a dui while on active service , fuck him . 
  what does the mmo and sexy fanfic say ? 
  or just put it in the fucking breakroom like a normal responsible person . 
  i am sick of seeing futons , mini-fridges , and other extraneous shit in data centers . 
  [ we want plates !, 
  we should consult all the marvel properties when we have questions , not discount one over another . 
  you mean like in every other single fucking work environment ? 
  we pay a lot of money for that room , racks , and equipment , i do n't need to walk into a dude snoring on an ikea futon with half empty beer bottles . 
  it is a datacenter not a geek frat . 
  meh , this is 2015 . 
  the idea of canon coming up from on high for such a convoluted universe as marvel is ridiculous dweeby pedantry . 
  with 1000 's of official authors , cartoonists , and editors ; as well as the even more expanded universe , and unofficial works , i do n't think anything can be definitely said about anything in the marvel universe . 
  that is why it is far more interesting to entertain all possibilities , even those made up on the spot to fit your own narrative , than just argue about comic books like theologians do about their religious texts . 
  i do n't really care what the original author thinks about their creations . 
  comic books are made to engage imaginations , not stifle them . 
  i have no problem with talking about what is and what is not in comic book universes , i just utterly disagree that there is a singular correct answer in something like the marvel universe . 
  sure , some one off comic book might have a coherent world in which things are black and white , not so in the mu . 
  west coast is like that . 
  too much of it imho . 
  i 'd rather listen to a 5 year old who just watched the movies for the first time tell me what can kill wolverine than someone who thinks only the comic books are canon . 
  at least he will have some original ideas , and is n't a sourpuss pedant . 
  man , what happened to you guys ? 
  when i read comic books as a kid , the idea something could be canon was absurd . 
  how else would you talk about theories about what was going on with your friends ? 
  you guys did have friends right ? 
  the marvel universe is made up , it is fair to make things up about it . 
  no source or author is special imho . 
  there are just too many of them now . 
  only for those who were on the oppressing side of it . 
  if they made a movie about your life , who would you want to star in it ? 
  stalin was a bit figure at this point . 
  lenin thought he was a brown-nosing nobody . 
  my current experiment :, 
  * 2 lbs ground 97 % lean, 
  * 1/4 lb of duck fat, 
  * 1 tablespoon of whatever herbs are growing in my garden, 
  * 1 tablespoon of potato flakes, 
  * salt/pepper, 
  mix and let sit for 2-3 hours or so . 
  grill as an 80/20 . 
  we are them , it is 2015 . 
  there is more fanfic than 616 . 
  flood control is expensive at first but saves a lot in the long run , 10 bucks you live in a place that has spent almost jack shit on it . 
  i know a malay bartender who could drink me under the table . 
  if jewish folks can eat a pepperoni pizza , muslims should be able to drink beer . 
  i 've never been there but i 've tasted vegemite and had a spiritual experience . 
  i am thinking australia was made up to promote vegemite , thoughts, 
  welcome to 20th century pacific nw marijuana laws louisiana . 
  these moobs are made for lovin ' . 
  people i know who went to japan for anything besides english teaching are pretty normal folks . 
  a geologist is a geologist in any country . 
  the teaching english as a foreign language folks i have known have ranged from lispy pedo to 40 year old otaku . 
  how long is it shelf stable ? 
  spam can last indefinitely . 
  only if you have never been in an adult relationship with someone who loves you dearly . 
  some people do n't like the mouthfeel of even medium . 
  i do n't care if someone wants meat well done , and i do n't feel superior to other people for liking beef medium rare . 
  although a roast beef leaning towards rare can be pretty damn good . 
  90 % of the people who i know who order well done do so for mouthfeel , not taste . 
  they also are condiment users for their steaks . 
  there is nothing wrong with that . 
  i use pepper like a motherucker on all my steaks . 
  do n't forget about their economic super geniuses who just started making 40k and are concerned about capital gains being affected by too much food stamps going to the blacks . 
  if i do n't drink 10-20 cups a day , someone is going to die , probably me . 
  part of intelligence imho is being able to reach consensus on issues that have no clear right/wrong answer . 
  i have a brother-in-law who when we try to go out to eat thinks we are all gullible morons if we do n't go to a buffet because it is the same as the * fancier * places the rest of us want to go to and we are just faking like them more . 
  religious conservatives are overzealous or they would n't be stopping working sex education classes , and trying to teach creationism in biology class .
