  do you want me to continue, 
  austerity eventually leads to populist action against economic elites , you can see this the world over . 
  the longer it goes on the more inevitable such action becomes . 
  free college tuition for all would be a start . 
  this is 2015 . 
  over 70 % of jobs advertised require a bachelor 's degree . 
   they need to have consequences for actions or really lack there of, 
  so in other words , `` fuck them i got mine . '', 
  so , in other words you took out student loans and grants that were provided to you , and now you think you are self-made man ? 
  lol , what an entitled loser . 
   these people, 
  all that needs to be said . 
  this is n't you vs them , this is a thing called society . 
   it has to be a conspiracy because something i do n't like was posted on a subreddit i visit . 
  lol , baltimore is not the state of maryland . 
  there are fuckload of rural districts struggling to retain teachers . 
  what do you know , the article is n't just about baltimore which means either school failed to instill reading comprehension into you at an early enough age , or you are mentally incapable of it . 
  why do n't you go back to commenting on video games ? 
  if you guys jerk any harder you are going to rip it off . 
  it is a great strategy if they want to all of the sudden say that they have nuclear weapons . 
  russia has embargoes of its own . 
  it is having serious problems with building out sophisticated avionic and radar systems . 
  put it this way , russia has half of the defense industry that the uk has . 
  most of russia 's defense spending is maintaining relic bases and paying shit wages to their soldiers . 
  [ they still exist all throughout the world . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_pedophile_and_pederast_advocacy_organizations ), 
  any city with an international airport has a few places nearby that do currency exchanges , it can be pricey though . 
  get tractor beam repulsor and the doff that makes them attract . 
  poop mines , drag everything towards you . 
  it is a persecution complex magnified by a histrionic personality disorder . 
  pretty much he wants to be the center of attention , and if he is not , he cabals up some conspiracy nonsense . 
  lovely to see them again . 
  people forget that authoritarian takeovers of movements usually happen because a small dedicated of like-minded bigots only needs one charismatic leader who speaks populism . 
  in the 1970 's they tried to make it out to be part of the sexual revolution . 
  some celebrities got caught up in it , particularly in the uk . 
  just one question . 
  do you know of any programs that allow high school students to get some telescope time ? 
  what if we let an ai create its own language ? 
  has anyone tried that ? 
  is ukraine and russia part of any international treaty that requires arbitration over these matters ? 
  if not , there is no such thing as a default `` international court '' . 
  so would something like an ai-native language more likely emerge out of something like a group of ais trying to communicate ? 
  i understand human-constructed languages can originate with a single individual but those tend to use existing grammar rules from other languages . 
  so machine intelligence wo n't or ca n't be an emergent phenomenon , like it was with animals ? 
  you should all dress up as your bears and hug eachother . 
  a living wage is defined as a legal term in many countries . 
  it typically is a single bedroom apartment with no dependents , and with enough money that they do not qualify for any social services . 
  the idea being we as taxpayers should not be subsidizing businesses who have employees using social services unless they are not economically need-based like certain disabilities . 
  i do n't like paying taxes so mcdonald 's can have a dollar menu and 60 % of its employees on food stamps . 
  thanks , now i can add some journals that are n't civil engineering-related to my summer reading . 
  um , ubi will not get rid of all needs-based programs . 
  unless you are advocating for children to get a basic income , there will still need to be a mechanism to give wic to undocumented immigrants etc. 
  why the fuck does the army have saner rules of engagement than the fucking police ? 
  stayed in a hotel there a few times over the years on business . 
  was sleeping off a sixer after a long day at work , and heard this awful pounding and screaming . 
  fucking cops were busting some 20-something year old kids for smoking pot in a hotel room had them spread eagled in front of the room when i got up to check . 
  this was 1990 's . 
  one cop walked by them and just smacked them in the back of the heads and yelled for them to look forward or they would be `` taken down ! '', 
  fucking power tripping cunts . 
  so you would let an american citizen , the baby , starve ? 
  you sound like a really , really bright and nice guy . 
  no pics are forthcoming from the police 20 hours after the incident of his injuries . 
  so i ai n't believing shit this police officer said . 
  evergreen cops are fucking vicious pack animals who all should be neutered . 
  that is utterly untrue , [ poverty correlates with crime the world over . 
  ] ( https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0,39&amp;q=poverty+crime+correlation ), 
  poor southern areas with high white populations have lots of gun crime as well . 
  10 hours later and no pics of the police officer 's injuries , so yeah . 
  looks like a lot of made-up bullshit by the police and exactly why we need fucking police cams . 
  um , you do realize basic income for children models treat them as dependents , right ? 
  so the adult , the undocumented immigrant , who needs money for things like rent/food etc , would not have enough money to actually do any of those things successfully . 
  i 'm not the one who apparently has n't read the un reports on basic income modelling for europe . 
  which currently are the only basic income for children schemes that have been laid out . 
  cite , i 'm not reading 40 pages . 
  so , how are you going to accomplish that ? 
  build 10 mile tall borders with lasers ? 
  i , by the way , am no longer treating you seriously as you have have demonstrably shown you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  that is the way some old school cad programs did it . 
  so whomever is designing ksp 's ui/ux is doing it more for himself than users atm . 
  i agree , this should be default . 
  he also called for a physical border with lasers or something for mexico even though he is mexican-american . 
  our local megacorp removed all of our teeth and has us drink soylent now . 
  they did it for only .0003 bitcoin a tooth . 
  san francisco is bleeding its middle class past the suburbs to the exburbs . 
  it would be like all of clackamas , yamhill , and washington counties were full . 
  no one wants a fucking 4 hour commute each day . 
  50 % of all homeless who are underage are homosexual . 
  tons of kids run away from home to come here because of some really shitty parents . 
  as someone who was hired to work in san francisco in 1994 and came back to portland in 2001 , you might not like gentrification as it rapidly increases . 
  i remember the summer of 1999 when the last independently-owned convenience store walkable from my condo was bought out and a 7-11 moved in . 
  lost being able to buy perogies and a homemade sausage with drunk banter with the ancient owner for hateful glares from wageslaves with trucker burritos . 
  portland really needs to halt gentrification in the few old portland blue collar corridors we have left . 
  problem is that it built out so many lean-to single family homes in the 20th century that we will never be rid of them . 
  past the 205 is a fucking mess of homes built during the era when portland used to have massive timber yards , and needed places for the employees to live . 
  san francisco tore down all that shit in the 1970 's during their first major urban renewal push . 
  want to try that here ? 
  good fucking luck . 
  what we need to do is what trimet told the fucking city council to do when they built the max lines . 
  incentivize retail stores and the huge ugly car dealership monstrosities with acres upon acres of parking lots to move out , then throw some affordable housing like condos in . 
  beaverton is horrible for this .
