  can and do fail to mismanagement or politics . 
  we 've lost three local ones in 10 years . 
  one of them wanted to sell raw cheese and milk , which caused the membership to fracture . 
  they re-orged but are down to one location now . 
  udemy , coursera etc have some free or low cost programming courses in java/android . 
  wait for udemy 's crazy sales , they are 90 % off every two weeks or so . 
  entry-level java/android dev is 15 + an hour . 
  it will take 6 months to be proficient enough to get that gig though . 
  you can also try your hand at selling easy-peasy apps to local businesses , governments , non-profits that just have a map of locations , a calendar , and notification for events while you are learning . 
  that sort of app can be coded up by example from dozens of sites online . 
  do n't be afraid of copying open source code , just use one that is friendly to sell if you use it for parts of your app , that is how you will learn . 
  fake it till you make it . 
  two years of experience and you should be able to get offers for 20 + . 
  i 'm just saying they are not a magical solution . 
  what is an example of this ? 
  i know of no post-industrial society that has gone full socialist . 
  check asian food markets . 
  where ? 
  steam 10-12 minutes imho . 
  let sit for 5 . 
  do n't want to demolish the oats . 
  nice little blog post , thanks . 
  if you are buying a condo or house , the californians . 
  who the fuck wants communism ? 
  you marxist manchildren are equally as laughable as libertarian manchildren . 
  i was so lucky to get out of college in the early 1990 's . 
  bought a condo within 6 months and i have been building equity and using that to buy my next house for 25 years now . 
  it is effing ridiculous the real estate bubble on the west coast . 
  median house price in the bay area is over 800k . 
  in portland almost 350k . 
  two in my lifetime . 
  my brother-in-law and a former colleague . 
  it is a great idea . 
  the idea is to make society safer , not to endlessly punish someone . 
  is there an armless gimp in there ? 
  java , r , or matlab depending on where you are shooting for as a career . 
  i let both of them stay rent-free or low rent in one of my rental properties . 
  i 'm in my 40 's , not my 20 's . 
  hahahahaahahahah , lol , < breathe wheezily  hahahhahahahahah . 
  am i talking to the the marxisty of the marxians ? 
  you must be the most equal of the elite of the egalitarian of the vanguard party , i 'm sorry your lordship , er peasant , whatever . 
  [ list of communist parties . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_communist_parties ), 
  besides the ones that are totalitarian states i ca n't find a single communist party with more than 4 % representation at the national level . 
  i guess that makes you guys 3 % more serious than the libertarians . 
  lol . 
  i do n't care what kind of commie you are . 
  uninstall and reinstall silverlight . 
  [ go the the hidden option menus and see if anything looks funky in setup . 
  ] ( http://qz.com/261426/the-hidden-commands-for-diagnosing-and-improving-your-netflix-streaming-quality/ ), 
  leave a clone or download your brain into an ai stick before you leave . 
  they also double as sex robots . 
  depends on what kind of consulting . 
  r does heavy analytics . 
  java opens more doors . 
  here is to hoping this goes national . 
  ca n't you get it expunged anyways ? 
  most felonies can be expunged after 7-10 years . 
  you would be one of maybe 50k people in the us if you specialized in it . 
  what is great is that even isis does n't believe in creationism . 
  only the us tea party . 
  oh , if they end up in american prisons eating american prison food for the rest of their entitled lives , [ i would be so happy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_17rhgknty ) . 
  that is a clusterfuck of a case . 
  we really need a un treaty that makes sex crimes punishable anywhere . 
  all of them will . 
  [ this is american jail food . 
  ship it to iceland , like they did with all those cold war chess tournaments . 
  all the breadsticks you can eat !, 
  / r/unlimitedbreadsticks, 
  adx has a tiny building community , might want to start there . 
  that is federal prison food , so yeah it is . 
  they wore different hats and everything !, 
  they should make it a 12 '' dildo . 
  geology , anthropology , and archaeology has major fieldwork during the summer months . 
  no more underage escorts either :(, 
  awning on the westward side will stop a lot of damage . 
  i just want the championship to be played over a live volcano , is that too much to ask ? 
  if you ride a bike you do n't need to do leg day , because leg day is every day . 
  prisoner-fed prisoners work extra hard . 
  add acid to your broth and let it soak overnight , that is how we do tofu . 
  add like a tablespoon of orange juice or vinegar . 
  that pea soup looks delish . 
  prove it . 
  the gop is n't even opening or funding women 's healthcare that is n't tied to abortion . 
  they just do n't give a fuck . 
  we are currently at maternal death rates that we have not seen since the 1960 's . 
  thanks gop !, 
  i 'm pro-choice but fuck it , i remember back even in the 1990 's there were semi-progressive pro-lifers on the other side of the aisle who wanted maternal healthcare , some even wanted free contraception . 
  these people are wanton psychopaths . 
  my friend 's three year old kid tried to eat the family dog when she found out meat came from animals . 
  she was pouring ketchup on it when they found him . 
  dog/cat apartments are first to be rented . 
  you typically need 2-3 months to find one outside of hillsboro or gresham you could get one in gresham i bet today . 
  that being said , this is why i never understood why people with pets rented . 
  it halves your ability to find a place to live right off the bat . 
  or just move to the west coast . 
  all three states are sane . 
  some republicans think putin would be a better president than obama . 
  we are dealing w / authoritarians who run on pure emotional hatred being led by fox news like children to a pied piper . 
  see all that plastic trim ?
