  arizona state is n't special , it could 've been , but it is just middle of the pack now . 
  while most metros have bounced back from before the 2008 income growth shrinking nationally , phoenix has not . 
  phoenix , az per capita income is below 25k a year , that is almost 10k below average for most metro areas . 
  asu is failing to help the local economy grow . 
  it need more art/design degrees . 
  it really , really does . 
  as a progressive i do n't care if you are a right winger or a child rapist . 
  everyone deserves healthcare , it is a civil right . 
  nope , those are actually not legal in public . 
  police can confiscate and destroy any medication not in rx bottles . 
  well i guess if you are against human culture there is nothing more to say . 
  avocados do n't need to be gmo , they are already highly pest-resistant . 
  no , it is students taking the summer off from uni . 
  it is because of vote by mail , oregon has 60-70 % voter participation , texas had 28.5 % last year . 
  democrats win with greater voter participation because more people identify as democrats . 
  you are preaching to the choir here . 
  the question is : is there any way to make the gop acknowledge failure for any of their policies ? 
  food carts in portland , seattle , and sf have to list prices . 
  errol flynn was prosecuted for statutory rape said , `` would n't you ? '', 
  at trial , and won . 
  whataboutism is n't a valid argument strategy , ok, 
  that has nothing to do with fallacious arguments . 
  why do n't you listen and learn a bit before you comment again , capiche, 
  why prosecute rape cases which take investigative work when you can just pick up some poor people because they smell like weed ? 
  this is about pollution not about usage or is texas really going to continue building chemical plants near playgrounds ? 
  oh , they are ? 
  well fuck texas . 
  i too remember thinking being contrarian meant i was a misunderstood genius , someone who would be quotable . 
  well , he got his wish . 
  no it is not . 
  not until they get max service . 
  worthless after what 10 pm ? 
  no , it ca n't . 
  where are you libertarians getting your numbers ? 
  basic income will not replace all social services , basic income will not replace need-based programs . 
  if you think a flat tax will work with a basic income program you are delusional . 
  because a flat tax would place almost the entire burden of a basic income on the middle class . 
  it would be double or triple current working people 's taxes while cutting rich people 's taxes by 80-90 % . 
  you do understand how a flat tax works right ? 
  do n't fuck with drunk historians , have n't these people ever been to a college bar ? 
  lol . 
  too many toxic manchildren , i would n't mind seeing 20-30 % of redditors banned overnight . 
  i like how the libertarians today are freaking out that reddit might start banning more users over racist/sexist content . 
  the same people that think that a `` no negroes allowed '' sign is a-ok for a restaurant . 
  you are not entitled to be a bigot on a private site . 
  ban the racist and sexist subs and all their posters to start . 
  bigotry does n't sell bro . 
  go to stormfront if you want to be a bigot , bye !, 
  99 % of the time you do n't need swat for an armed suicidal , that is how you get someone killed . 
  sounds like you went on a tirade , and are not man enough to deal with the consequences . 
  it is the same reason civil engineering pays less than mechanical engineering . 
  governments set the pay rates for ces and companies do for mes . 
  if you have ever had a friend fuck up 100 's of dollars worth of meat at a bbq because he has no fucking clue what he is doing , you would be serious about food too . 
  some of the libertarians in that sub are mentally ill . like ancap mentally ill . 
  yep , authoritarianism requires a scapegoat , or more than one ; and that is because authoritarian policies inevitably are terrible for most people . 
  they run on economic populist rhetoric , but they are n't actually populist at all . 
  the average tory voter has no idea how screwed they are going forward . 
  he is happy as a pig in shit that other people are having a worse time than him though . 
  make sure you donate to both political parties to cover your bets . 
  they are becoming easier to prove because data is hard as hell to get rid of when you use social media , even private chatrooms . 
  i 've logged every single thing i 've ever said or seen in irc since the 1990 's . 
  it is less than 2 gigs . 
  24k per capita average wages in phoenix . 
  one of the lowest on the west coast . 
  that is why companies relocate , they want access to a workforce who is trapped in the middle of the desert with the next nearest metro almost 400 miles away . 
  / r/cheap _ meals, 
  all companies should pay living wages , it is utterly irresponsible and shortsighted of them not to . 
  why should some people have to work 80 hours a week to feed their families ? 
  less than 30 % of arizona voted him in . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the money is for the top priority cases across the state . 
  you know , like having to cut school hours or fire teachers . 
  we , as americans , fought tooth and nail 100 years ago to make high school free to everyone , perhaps it is time to expand that mandate to two years of free college , trade , or technical education . 
  there was ragpickicking in the usa up until the 1980 's in some places when those salvation army boxes started popping up everywhere . 
  tons of industries still rely on recycled clothing . 
  the uk needs to stop handling their economic elites with kids gloves . 
  george bernard shaw floated the idea of a maximum wage . 
  maybe something that drastic has to occur , maybe not ; however now that the uk 's social inequality looks like the 1400 's , when billionaires have enough wealth to pass unto their future progeny indefinitely , and what is left of the middle class watches their children struggle to become independent , it has become a national travesty . 
  a nation that works not for those who want to make it better , but only for those who through luck or birth find themselves already doing better than anyone else will not last another century . 
  [ social inequality and living standards . 
  ] ( https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0,39&amp;q=social+inequality+living+standards ), 
  [ income distribution and life expectancy ] ( http://www.bmj.com/content/bmj/304/6820/165.full.pdf ), 
  `` cross sectional evidence suggesting that there is a, 
  significant tendency for mortality to be lower in, 
  countries with a more egalitarian distribution of income, 
  does exist .7 - ' 0 that this relation has been identified in, 
  different groups of countries , at different times , and, 
  with different measures of income distribution ,, 
  suggests that it is robust . 
  correlation coefficients above, 
  0 8 have been reported ,7 ' 8 suggesting that the underlying, 
  relation may be important and should be pursued, 
  further . 
  nevertheless , if such an association exists it is, 
  surprising that mortality in developed countries has, 
  been found not to be closely related to measures of, 
  average income such as gross national product per, 
  head . '', 
  [ living alongside more affluent neighbors predicts greater involvement in antisocial behavior among low-income boys ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/jcpp.12380/abstract;jsessionid=532019fe1bb18453122fc546be8c9a37.f02t03?deniedaccesscustomisedmessage=&amp;userisauthenticated=false ), 
  `` findings suggest that efforts to create more economically mixed communities for children , if not properly supported , may have iatrogenic effects on boys ' antisocial behavior '',
