  we definitely shoot for not having bridges and overpasses fall down . 
  none so far . 
  do some laps in vr every time you log in first thing . 
  that is how most of the vets i know did it . 
  there are definitely industries which ostensibly are shooting for operational/safety parameters that are as close to 100 % as possible . 
  there are a lot of bridges out there . 
  just sitting here smoking my legal homegrown oregon marijuana waiting for the thai delivery man to come . 
  we have the weather and mountains of new zealand but sasquatches instead of hobbits . 
  cigarettes can increase anxiety as well . 
  i did the opposite . 
  quit cigs and took up vaping weed , and that has helped my anxiety -- am agoraphobic . 
  i hope oregon state police are n't afraid to shoot them if they point guns at officers this time . 
  these are n't well-regulated militias . 
  i do n't really give a fuck what 18th century folk thought about gun ownership tbh . 
  i grew up on a small goat farm and it is almost impossible to get loans to expand . 
  we were selling meat in 1980 's to haute restaurants in san francisco for barely enough to keep the lights on . 
  smoking weed made me anxious , i agree . 
  protip for crispy hand-cut fries . 
  soak the fries after cutting in a large bowl of water for a few hours before frying . 
  no need for the vegetable oil if you just use the rendered fat from the bacon . 
  that is how i do it . 
  weed grown at 6x ferenginar gravity best weed . 
  short dank almost crystalline buds . 
  seltzer water here in us pacific nw . 
  farmed venison is awesome . 
  more people should eat it . 
  hunted venison is hit or miss . 
  aka libertarian manchildren . 
  fuck ranchers . 
  they absolutely ruin federal land by over grazing . 
  bullfucking shit . 
  overgrazing before the blm was disastrous . 
  there are vast regions of the interior west that are still fucked from herds 100 years ago . 
  ranchers are selfish cunts who need to be held on a short leash . 
  good . 
  you should n't be playing on high ping servers . 
  your theory about low latency players being game breaking is n't convincing me of your intelligence . 
  no intelligent reason to start a sentence with a conjunction if there is no preceding sentence , and you are missing a semicolon . 
  client-side detection and server-side detection are independent problems of low latency , you do understand that right, 
  you were the one that called someone dumb on the internet champ . 
  your grammar is fair game . 
  how low are you going to make your arbitrary ping number to make your point ? 
  why not 10 ms ? 
  fuck that . 
  if 100 black men took over a federal building there would be a firefight in less than an hour . 
  show me a single citation of the un ever distributing far right islamic materials . 
  i 'll be here champ . 
  they are armed and should be considered dangerous . 
  swat teams should have taken them out with snipers already . 
  protest with the gun , get a rifle bullet through the brain . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  man , you sound like my dad . 
  our cad monkeys get paid about 42k to start here in portland , or . 
  nonsense , it was actively promoted as a way of ensuring lower income workers a retirement from taxing higher income workers . 
  you have no idea what you are taking about . 
  the social security system of the united states was designed from day one as a progressive wealth redistribution system . 
  anything else is libertarian manchildren whining on reddit about something they know nothing about . 
  that only happens when older generations are larger than younger generations . 
  what are the vanu in this ? 
  populism is great at turning out voters , not policy . 
  i 'm a civil engineer and bridge maintenance seems to be against gop dogma as well . 
  have a plan or a gaggle of friends to get rid of the thousands of tomatoes that come though . 
  we are all thinking it . 
  are there any animes with super jews ? 
  i want to see their hairstyles . 
  it had better be an adult ensemble cast and not yet another dysfunctional family animation . 
  why ? 
  smoking is a traditional preservation method used throughout asia . 
  the only single ingredient sandwich i like are sloppy joes . 
  i 've made whole wheat flat breads before , it is possible . 
  it is what was happening for 1000 's of years before white bread was available . 
  if this was amd you can just reset all game profiles and it usually fixes it , not sure with nv . 
  i like tuna melts . 
  mass transit consumer prices in boston , nyc , and the bay area are way higher than portland/seattle as well . 
  combination of too many single family homes in the interior east and lack of requirements for building taller condos/apartments . 
  sort of the same problem boston is going through . 
  all new apartments should be five stories or higher . 
  off the top of my head , san jose , reno , and boise beg to disagree . 
  hell , at this point the only thing that might save us is eminent domain and razing a few neighborhoods . 
  um , san jose is more affordable than portland . 
  west coast stops in eastern oregon and california ? 
  that is nonsense . 
  that would make klamath falls west coast . 
  it is anything but . 
  [ that is n't right . 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=united+states&amp;country2=united+states&amp;city1=portland%2c+or&amp;city2=san+jose%2c+ca&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison ), 
  remember to season immediately after frying . 
  it is spam and should be treated as such . 
  copypasta is always spam . 
  if you have a salient point maybe you should learn to contribute to discussions instead of spamming them . 
  you might even make some friends . 
  is english not your first language or do you have severe reading comprehension problems ? 
  spamming `` facts and information '' is still spam kiddo . 
   kick the dog story tropes, 
  / r/worldnews began experiencing an [ eternal september ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternal_september ) moment when / r/politics was removed as a default . 
  that action alone pretty much split the american redditor population into two groups . 
  with the older reddit community staying in / r/politics and the newer one going into / r/worldnews . 
  nonsense . 
  the mosque down the street from me has had a july 4th fireworks event where they sell corn dogs and lemonade for decades . 
  anti-semitism in germany has been rising because of the re-emergence of the far right , that fact is in the fucking article ffs .
