  authoritarians will repeat any talking points fed to them endlessly , even if they know they know they are wrong . 
  he was being detained illegally , that ship has sailed . 
  they are absolutely screwed with this list of charges . 
  the amount of people who can testify these nickel rides as a method of torture used by police in baltimore will be able to make a line out of the courthouse a mile long . 
  they can either turn on each other or take the plea deals , the juries are not going to be kind . 
  like 99 % of crimes are situational . 
  people watch too much tv and movies where the criminals plan things , most crime happens because of opportunity , escalation , or negligence . 
  rico them . 
  i guarantee that every single baltimore officer knew about nickel rides , which is plainly torture . 
  the problem is n't evil vs good , the problem is that we still allow some professionals to regulate themselves more than others . 
  there is no reason why psychologists should not be held to the same standards as engineers or mds . 
  because typing on a phone on the light rail , and having an autocorrect error validates your kind paying 10-15x the going rate for daycare ? 
  i do n't know what is worse . 
  that you are deluded , or that you are so ignobly proud of being able to pay rates for services that make raising children impossible if one does not have a 100k a year household income . 
  this speech will be taught in civics classes starting tomorrow and in history books for the next 100 years . 
  you do n't have to soak overnight , just use a slowcooker , drain and then add oil , spices . 
  um , you do realize i linked to a daycare in portland that is 1/10th of what you are being charged , right ? 
  the only people getting screwed are you . 
  sour cream and milk marinades/braising , which are mostly eastern european in origin are used primarily to tenderize tough cuts of meat . 
  beef stroganoff would be a well known example of this , as well as being the base of many goulashes soured milk products are used in central african dishes for the much the same reason . 
  nope , first one , i 'm on a phone . 
  you guys are getting ripped off . 
  as long as you get one of those new aged nut cheeses , it is not too bad . 
  intraplate earthquakes can happen anywhere and why we should honestly build all modern metros with earthquakes in mind imho . 
  lol , platinum ai n't cheap or plentiful , and i 'm certain there is not enough on the planet to make pem hydrogen fuel cells to replace all internal combustion engines at the moment . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but we have not found a non-platinum catalyst for proton exchange-style fuel cells yet , have we ? 
  why not follow the lead of the pacific nw and vote by mail , we have over 70 % turnout . 
  you are just being contrarian or obtuse if you think 200-300k for a single bedroom condo is affordable when 10 years ago it was 80-100k . 
  there has not been a doubling in wages . 
  with that trajectory in 10 years only 10-20 % of people will even be able to afford homes at all . 
  either we make housing reasonable for the working class or we are going to be turning everything outside of downtown and the se into vast blobs of suburban poverty . 
  if you want to see what that looks like , go to north gresham or south beaverton . 
  it is already being pushed out to the fringes of the metro area . 
  out of sight , out of mind , right ? 
  once the affordable housing shortfall hits critical mass , prices are going to skyrocket . 
  i lived through it in san francisco . 
  in 1999 a single bedroom was 1000 , now it is over 2500 . 
  it will hit 3000 , 4000 , eventually . 
  the sf government had an opportunity to raze some of the old neighborhoods and build affordable housing , they failed to do so . 
  if we force out the young working class out of portland proper , it will be almost impossible to get them back without a massive investment in housing infrastructure . 
  rental and housing prices will keep rising and rising as speculators will move the market . 
  i do n't want to live in another san francisco . 
  do you think the people downvoting me care when they are spending more on day care than people make in two years ? 
  tomatoes have acid in them , and with canned you can only change the variety you purchase . 
  that being said , plum tomatoes , the number one variety used for canning are actually lower in acid than most tomatoes . 
  people loved this city before you came along . 
  you are n't special . 
  you do realize that san francisco is almost completely borked from an urban planning perspective now , right ? 
  property prices rose so quickly that the plans for urban renewal , like [ open space projects have been pushed out a hundred years or so ] ( http://openspacesf.org/ ) . 
  infrastructure projects like the planned cross spur for a south sf caltrain station is all but impossible now . 
  sf with bart from the east and caltrain from the south are still increasing ridership but unlike nyc they ca n't just build large subterranean rail systems to accommodate more workers , so that means sf is going to lose out economically . 
  which means like the dot com era , because of a lack of common sense and a collective mania for profits over people , the bubble will eventually burst . 
  it sounds like you want portland to make the same mistakes sf made . 
  thankfully , there is far more room for error here . 
  when you leave , this place will be better for it . 
  3-d printing housing is going to make older building styles obsolete anyways . 
  we might as well start realizing that if we are going to adapt metros to an increase in urban density , that large swaths of single family homes are going to need to be razed . 
  this is n't about you . 
  you 'll eventually die , just like everyone else . 
  this is about funding infrastructure and institutions to provide sustainable housing development so portland does not have to deal with the endless quagmires that even small development projects can incur running against nimby nouveau-riche know-it-all tech dweebs . 
  even though i am in part one myself , i do n't pretend to be entitled moreso to portland 's riches just because i can sling code or do cad than the working class folks whose hard work make this town what it is . 
  my family has owned property here , some of which i inherited , since the early 1900 's . 
  i 'm doing quite fine but i still like to think of my fellow portlanders that are struggling into their first home as something to be concerned with . 
  maybe you should try empathy some time . 
  i 'm sure there is a class on coursera or something that can help ya . 
  we have no choice as a species going forward . 
  we ca n't keep paving out more and more asphalt to single family dwellings . 
  same reason we have more women and children trafficked every year as sex slaves , without government oversight the black market becomes the unfettered free market of libertarian yore . 
  free markets work to make things more efficient . 
  so now we have hyper-pure heroin and international sex trafficking gangs . 
  black markets are as close to free markets that you are going to see . 
  look at silk road , and see how many ancaps celebrated it . 
  you can cook chicken in the microwave but you have to use a covered glass cooking dish or the thicker microwaveable tupperware , as well as adding some broth/water . 
  there is nothing wrong with it , you are pretty much poaching your chicken . 
  if you have a large enough microwave you can do a whole chicken this way to make poached chicken for some midwestern-style layered cold salads . 
  this is why you use a covered dish and add some broth . 
  it creates its own pocket of convection and keeps the cooking even . 
  i 'm not sure you understand how infrastructure does not scale linearly . 
  quote it , i 'm not reading for you . 
  yes, 
  spoken like someone who has never taken an urban planning class in their lives . 
  add a small glass of water 1/4 full when you are microwaving frozen pizza . 
  if you can use tallow to make biscuits , go with higher fat . 
  i do n't know a single professor or grad student who does n't use a gmail account . 
  where the hell are you working ? 
  africa ? 
  it is pretty hard to drive off whales , they have the same problem personalities as gamblers . 
  the originator of the doffing system is gone , and everything since then has been tacked on . 
  this game is not that grindy . 
  it just has a lot of menus to fill out and walk away from . 
  grindy is games where you ca n't level to the top gear without doing kill x amount x missions for months on end . 
  you can level a toon to 60 at a relaxing pace in less than a few hundred hours played time in this game , some people are doing it in less than a week . 
  that is nothing . 
  there are games out there that take 2-3 years of hardcore grinding 10 hours a day to reach cap . 
  did a contract job in a brokerage firm in a rural area in 2014 that had a windows nt 3.51 box that was still pulling an ip address . 
  i thought that was worth checking out why . 
  no one knew the password , cracked it , and found an ancient 500 mb porn archive a former partner , now retired , had left behind . 
  that machine had been chugging along for some 20 years or so . 
  amazing . 
  kill them all , kill everyone in the station .
