  it is the worst kind of politics , reactionary . 
  fuck knows what they will do if they actually get in power . 
  we might be looking at them repealing the civil rights acts . 
  so what is your solution ? 
  um , the us has 5x the rate of gun crimes per capita than canada . 
  not sure if you are actually making a serious argument . 
  not even finding a single death from a biker gang in canada this year . 
  want to make a citation there sparky ? 
  the apicus cookbook from the 400-500 ad era has an entire section devoted to seafood , including fish . 
  the book is written from the point of view of someone who was wealthy as it has instructions pertaining to managing one 's slaves . 
  [ book ix . 
  seafood ] ( http://penelope.uchicago.edu/thayer/e/roman/texts/apicius/9*.html ), 
  these are city folk who have never even seen a cow or deer before . 
  they can , but it sinks in as well as trying to teach someone from a small town how to eat sushi . 
  i grew up in both worlds , the rural small town and the big city . 
  the misconceptions between the two are n't as bad as they used to be , however there are persistently ignorant folk anywhere you look . 
  my dad , who grew up in a town of 150 people his whole life tried to walk home after drinking in a bar along a freeway in a city of a million people , because he could actually do that in his small town it did not connect to him that he should n't be walking on the shoulder of the i-5 at 3 am . 
  uh huh , so handwaving . 
  ah , so you believe in the 2nd amendment but the first . 
  i guess that makes you more like isis than an american , so why do n't you leave this country that you hate so much, 
  [ because they do . 
  ] ( http://www.justice.gov/criminal/ocgs/gangs/motorcycle.html ), 
  also , i find that people that randomly capitalize their sentences typically have early-onset dementia . 
  why do n't you go down to the local police station right now and hand over all your guns , for you and your family 's safety big boy . 
  thanks , we would n't want you having a bad day and hurting someone , would we ? 
  they are already there . 
  k falls has an entire community of rich californians driving up the price of everything . 
  citation , because that still does n't make them deadlier . 
  you do n't think american bike gangs have automatic weapons ? 
  he was arrested and spent his first weekend in the big city in jail . 
  housing is still pretty bad because it is still so easy to hide discrimination . 
  when i was going to grad school i bought a condo in a 10 story building . 
  about 3 years into owning it i started realizing that i did n't see many minorities . 
  turns out that was because they sold a grand total of 4 out of 160 units to people who were not white , and also put them all on the same floor . 
  well , if they want to charge for weddings to the public they need to provide the services . 
  strip them of their tax status if they wo n't . 
  it is probably because you are n't `` one of them '' . 
  people did not vote him in to fix kansas but to punish people they did not like . 
  these people are n't voting on what it means to be a good citizen , they are voting out of hatred of others . 
  had a taxi driver call me and yell at me because i used uber while i was boarding my flight . 
  um , dude , if you are just getting to my house 30 miles away after calling you two hours ago , that is your problem , not mine . 
  also floridians under rick scott . 
  in some small towns the only available places for marriage ceremonies are tax exempt church buildings . 
  we are n't talking about forcing churches to perform ceremonies . 
  we are talking about when a church owns a building specifically open to be rented by the public denying certain protected classes from using it . 
  if churches want to compete with private businesses in providing venues for whatever , they need to be held to the same fucking standards . 
  can you please point out a civilization with substantial maritime or riverine access that does not utilize fish , shellfish , etc as food ? 
  i 'm not going to reply to a strawman , bye . 
  that is not what i 'm implying , i 'm saying if you provide a public building as a venue for marriages , it should beholden to the same civil rights protections as any other building . 
  if not , they would be not required to have wheelchair access , it would be a public safety risk . 
  houses of worship are exempt , public venues are not . 
  `` a boardwalk pavilion in the seaside town of ocean grove , n.j. , that has been at the center of a battle over gay civil union ceremonies has lost its tax-exempt status because the state ruled it no longer met the requirements as a place open to all members of the public . '', 
  might want to beta up a wiki site so people can edit in their own . 
  there are republicans who want to get rid of the min wage . 
  that would pretty much guarantee indentured servitude , aka white slavery . 
  there is another word : bigot . 
  that is like the frosted , unfrosted debate that will come up in regards to [ pop-tarts in the states ] ( http://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/pop-tart-flavors-current-available-varieties-ranked ) . 
  frosted in the south is super popular and unfrosted in the ne and west coast . 
  that is because it is . 
  the world has more slaves now than ever before . 
  am i the only one paying around 120-140 / oz in or ? 
  2 weeks here between two people , so i guess a month ? 
  i 'm making an oz into 1 lbs of cannabutter bimonthly . 
  vaping maybe 20 grams a month as well . 
  arthritis sucks . 
  put speed limiters in all vehicles . 
  that is straight up obscene . 
  i ca n't wait till the south legalizes weed so i can visit and get marijuana-infused bbq . 
  not that much faster than ssd drive tbh . 
  the only sorts of games you would notice a difference in is mmos with lots of instancing loads . 
  if you do a bunch of clones all at once they can be . 
  that is n't even barebones as a plan to survive financially with a major illness . 
  a high deductible plan means the insurance company is going to fucking screw you any which way they can once you hit that deductible . 
  ever used a high deductible plan for something like cancer ? 
  you ca n't get social security while incarcerated . 
  `` stacie dusetzina , an assistant professor in unc-chapel hill 's schools of pharmacy and health policy , did a recent study that found about one in six leukemia patients stopped potentially life-saving medication during the first six months because they could n't afford it . '', 
  awesome plans , you guys have no idea what you are you in for if you get really sick . 
  so you are paying 5-6k a year in deductibles instead of getting better insurance with lower deductibles ? 
  i just do n't understand this philosophy . 
  speculation in the housing markets is never good for the local economy in the long run . 
  um , you do realize austrailia has vastly lower gun crime than the usa , right ? 
  us has 5-100x the rate of gun crimes than other developed nations . 
  not sure if you are just dumb or really dumb . 
  you should n't 've kicked out byron . 
  it is like 30 % of what the game could 've been , but still fun . 
  i do n't eat sapient creatures either . 
  it is estimated the waltons will not have to work for the next 200-300 generations . 
  single payer . 
  coal does not mine itself . 
  as a former pastry chef the only drugs i saw in the kitchen were marijuana , meth , and a fuckload of booze . 
  the idea someone could do line work with fucking lsd or shrooms sounds off . 
  last time i took shrooms i spent 30 minutes making a peanut butter sandwich . 
  because republicans do n't consider it voting against their interests , they think they are voting against the interests of other people . 
  ca n't these children sort coal or sell matchsticks, 
  i have 32 gb and with 230 tabs open chrome is using 14 gigs . 
  not too bad , i think firefox uses about 10 . 
  i 'd like to just buy 128 tb of memory and be done with ever closing any tab again though . 
  fuck it , let 's just admit we ca n't save every old building . 
  let 's start with admitting that . 
  why not ?
