  it is why most of isis 's top commanders were almost all middle class folks who failed in life or came from failed states . 
  i make more in a day then it costs for 5 years of coverage , worth it everytime . 
  it is 2-3 dollars a month to have sears on call with a new dishwasher anytime in the next 5 years . 
  i 've had dishwashers be replaced 2x in that time . 
  i 'd be out fucking 1100 bucks . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  privately owned electric companies can buy power from anyone selling it on the market . 
  you want to bring back child labor at 1/10th cost of an adult male as well ? 
  ffs all jobs should either pay a living wage or be exempt because of current internship regulations . 
  there is no reason to pay someone less . 
  half of people working fast food are over 30 . 
  they absolutely do because all of those counties you mentioned take in a huge amount of taxes to pay for social programs like snap and medicare . 
  some haute cuisine is atrocious and should be called out for being ridiculous . 
  me and the wife paid 120 each for a 7-course tasting menu a few months ago at a new place in town . 
  the salad was awe-inspiring , smoked tomatoes , candied bacon , and local forest greens . 
  then a jellied slice of seaweed , some pickled black radishes , and some wild rice floating in a juniper-backed heavy cream sauce came . 
  the seaweed and black radishes were interesting but paired with the juniper sauce was like eating vegetarian sushi out of the bottom of a cheap martini . 
  what century do you think we are in ? 
  all oregonian newspapers are delivered by independent contractors with cars since the mid 1990 's . 
  they are paid by route , and average only slightly above min wage . 
  no , you just have no idea what you are talking about . 
  paper routes did n't survive almost anywhere into the 20th century . 
  you can try to cherry pick all you want , i do n't care . 
  a living wage should be available for any job besides very specific and regulated types of internships . 
  your nephew drives a car and delivers 500-1000 newspapers a morning 7 days a week ? 
  that is an average route for the oregonian . 
  i am a partner in a civil engineering firm , and i 'm still not bitter after 20 years of dealing with yahoos like you . 
  i 'm sorry you are a working poor person who is angry that someone might be making as much as you do now . 
  how long have you been working and you do n't even make 15 an hour ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we just raised the min wage to 9.25 and hours were not cut , they were increased . 
  all oregon counties are under 10 % unemployment now , from a high of 18 % in lake county not two years ago . 
  i ca n't find any newspaper in oregon that has routes that small . 
  care to let me know where that is ? 
  so , you do n't even make 13 , do you, 
  i expect it to be edible . 
  that is a pretty low bar for food that is 20 bucks a plate . 
  i burped juniper for hours . 
  so odd that no job listing for community papers exist online that are remotely like you describe . 
  it is almost like you made up a nephew and a job for him to make a point without being knowledgeable enough about the matter at hand . 
  how does a min wage affect rural endemic poverty ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  most of the jobs in those counties are government already and over 15 an hour . 
  you are n't worth a nickel an hour . 
  you think rural newspapers that pioneered car delivery use newspaper boys in 2015 ? 
  show me a rural newspaper boy route , i 'll wait here sparky . 
  95 % of americans never have a million dollars . 
  that is still a fuckload of money if managed properly . 
  who the hell is making that claim, 
  the top comments on the thread estimate that to perpetually live off one million in investments means about 20-40k of cash per year . 
  yes , and you will be less than 7 % of americans . 
  i am really seeing a lot of entitled it folks in this thread . 
  want to find me a job listing for a rural newspaper boy or not ? 
  i ca n't find one . 
  min wage does n't even afford you a one bedroom apartment plus food/transportation in 30 % of american metros , including portland . 
  take home for min wage in oregon is around 300 a week . 
  you pay for the city you work in , so portland 's . 
  what are you talking about, 
  [ grocery stores are distributed throughout portland . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/search/grocery+store+portland/@45.5424364,-122.654422,11z/data=!3m1!4b1 ), 
  a [ cheap robot arm with controller is about 100-150k ] ( https://www.robots.com/faq/show/how-much-do-industrial-robots-cost ) and can do a few things well , like metal fabrication . 
  even in a metal shop there is no reason to buy one unless you automate 4-5 stations at once , so that is half a million dollars right there . 
  plus a technician to run one , plus a machinist to fix them , plus in house programming . 
  that is three jobs that pay 3-4x min wage right now . 
  so really you have to replace a lot of stations at once or automation even in 2015 even the most automated industry is still not a winning proposition . 
  no it is not . 
  newspaper delivery is done by cars almost everywhere , this is n't leave it to beaver . 
  onus is n't on me to prove a negative . 
  i searched classifieds and found nothing , not even a single job listing for newspaper boy in oregon . 
  um local classifieds are online . 
  so cite or stop replying . 
  what ? 
  i do n't think a self driving car will be much more expensive than a normal car . 
  electronics and sensors are cheap and once they are regulated it looks like most of the kinks are already worked out . 
  the problem is you think that engineering the ai in one domain means other domains will fall just as easily . 
  turing thought if we could make a machine that could beat a grandmaster in chess we would have general ai , it did not happen . 
  billions have been poured into the automation of food , transportation , and myriad other industries , all with their own unique set of challenges . 
  people have been thinking that automated fast food will be right around the corner since the 1950 's . 
  dude , ghost chili peppers prepared anyway are going to make some people literally throw up . 
  i 've seen people collapsed in restrooms at bars after trying to eat 6 . 
  is it a fuse ? 
  because if the event is being triggered then the subtitles are already being passed through chat . 
  edit : someone already explained this . 
  i worked as a pastry chef through college . 
  in 1991 our muffins were 4 oz , by 1996 they were 8 oz . 
  today you can buy muffins that are even bigger . 
  a 6 inch spring pan was the normal size for a cheesecake in the early 1990 's , it is 10 inches today . 
  2-3 shots is enough for a good buzz . 
  anything else is just being drunk . 
  not really , that is the max a 300 lb man is supposed to drink per day . 
  they have already started building out these hipper places/menus but i am not going to buy a nine dollar combo w / their new fancy burgers at mcdonald 's when i can walk next door to a brewpub and get a fresh made hamburger and a craft beer for a buck more . 
  i do n't even like their fries anymore . 
  i like jojos , fries battered in fried chicken batter is where it is at . 
  give someone a climatology textbook and have them read it . 
  so , the middle class would be paying 2x as much in taxes to cover this if implemented . 
  to pay for our current infrastructure and institutions , the middle class would have to pay more . 
  lunch special at mcmennicans . 
  at least 16 year olds based on hope instead of 60 year olds voting on hate . 
  i say remove the pensioner vote as well . 
  this is why we do n't hire anyone with a southern accent .
