  if not prison , they should be confined to a mental healthcare facility indefinitely . 
  ask the portland fbi . 
  the other occupiers apparently did not like finicum , and said so on the livestream . 
  it it going to be hard to reconcile that fact if they want to make him out to be some sort of martyr . 
  who am i kidding , their supporters will believe anything if it advances their agenda in their heads . 
  when i went to college ramen was 10/dollar so when i got my student loan check i bought 200 dollars worth of ramen . 
  i was eating that ramen bought my freshman year until i graduated -- i got a job working in a bar so ate there mostly . 
  i did not use the flavoring packets , i still have some of those flavoring packets popping up in moving boxes decades later . 
  it is what happens when authoritarianism runs amok in a political party . 
  authoritarianism is n't about the leaders , it is about the followers . 
  the gop followers are the ones in control now . 
  the ones who were fed the bullshit for decades about everything from the mythical 5th generation black welfare queen , teachers who are more greedy and selfish than hedge fund managers , and a whole slew of other boogeymen made up to frighten the fuck out of these people to support policies that very likely harm them socioeconomically . 
  they are scared shitless because of lies , and the fact that everyone else in the world can see through those lies does n't help . 
  the gop has created a column of true believers , and they are the ones driving the clown car now . 
  it is not going to stop of its own accord . 
  either it will crash and burn or plow through . 
  libertarians field candidates all the time , and they do poorly . 
  i 'm sorry but that is simply how things are . 
  yes , filled my subaru twice . 
  libertarianism and liberalism are incompatible , there was a showdown about that in the mid 20th century between [ rawls and nozick ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=nozick%20rawls ) . 
  rawls won , his ideas on distributive justice have been the foundation of the constitutions of multiple nations . 
  libertarianism claims it has the perfect set of laws and only those laws are good laws , all other laws are against their concept of liberty . 
  usually just laws to protect property and person -- the [ night watchman society ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night-watchman_state ) of the minimal government crowd like the bundy 's who took over that wildlife refuge is a good example . 
  liberalism says that the methodology by which we create laws must be fair , and that those laws must be fair . 
  that those who are worse off should be taken care of first , even if that means taxing those who are better off . 
  how else could a libertarian government take place without resorting to authoritarianism ? 
  who is going to give up public schools , social security , clean water , safe drugs , regulated financial markets ? 
  the only way would be through delusion and fear . 
  i watched the livestream and if watching video of these clownchildren does n't convince people that these are dangerous seditious folks than they are deluded because their agenda aligns with these fools . 
  they are outrageously sexist , racist , and irreligious to all religions except their narrow flds weirdness . 
  marxists and maoists bombed federal buildings during the 1960 's and they were taken down violently . 
  they can , anyone with a college degree speaking decent english gets perm resident status in the usa pretty easily . 
  remove either one of those and shit gets complicated quickly . 
  it is a vast topic , a google search shows both sides of the argument . 
  it is one of the most studied and talked about political philosophy debates in american history . 
  i wish more civics classes broached the topic . 
  within d and r there has been wide ranging changes in agendas , platforms etc. 
  libertarianism is n't popular even among r 's and not for lack of trying . 
  there was a chance for it to take hold multiple times throughout the years and the r 's keep throwing out corporatists . 
  that is the thing though . 
  to get back to armed leftists , you have to go back that far to get any sort of perspective . 
  besides a few eco-terrorists burning down car dealerships , ski lodges , and the occasional research lab there is n't an armed left-wing movement like the 1000 's of right-wing militias in the united states right now . 
  i gave a quick overview of the rawls/nozick debate . 
  i 'm not going to write an essay . 
  i still drink but i do n't drink like that anymore , and no one i know does . 
  short bus brigade . 
  also folks in eastern oregon do n't like fuckers that start forest fires . 
  they are lucky no one got killed . 
  oregon does n't fuck around with arsonists who start forest fires . 
  except we have tons of evidence of paranoid delusional thoughts and actions from all the perpetrators of this terrorist act . 
  they need to be put on a mental healthcare hold till they can be treated . 
  portland lost its last real bagel maker . 
  we are a doughnut town now . 
  they are going to learn a lot about schedules when they continue their occupation at a federal prison for the next few decades . 
  fbi has vans jamming them now . 
  the occupiers are now calling for armed revolution and other militias to come and kill federal agents . 
  the occupiers just called on other militias to come and kill federal agents surrounding their manfort on a livestream . 
  so , yes , they are now unequivocally advocating terrorism and need to be treated as such . 
  america does not negotiate with terrorists . 
  should 've allowed oregon fish and game to issue a special hunting permit for seditious manchildren . 
  these are n't the sort of people who respect laws . 
  there is no chance that they will not try to get firearms once released . 
  probably more likely than ex-gang members . 
  no other country on earth allows armed protests , none . 
  we should n't either . 
  if you want to speak out in public on the issues of day , leave your guns at home . 
  what else can explain their actions besides mental illness ? 
  so mental illness . 
  public housing seems to be the one thing no one ever mentions because of the problems of implementing it in the past . 
  it may be our least worst option at this point . 
  public housing absolutely needs to be brought into the discussion . 
  it is a cludge , but it is a cludge that keeps people off the streets when implemented , even if people are forced to live in shitty public housing to do it . 
  nope , protesting with loaded guns is protected by the constitution somehow . 
  guns should be left at home when protesting . 
  no other nation on the planet allows armed protest , none . 
  we had people with rifles walk down the street as a protest here not too long ago and the cops were called and could not do anything . 
  people were swerving cars in the street out of fear . 
  i like the idea of tube hotels . 
  these are n't just radical views , they are delusional views . 
  they elected themselves representatives of the county they were occupying via a secret undemocratic process . 
  it was across a bridge in portland , or . 
  men in full combat fatigues with rifles walking along a bridge is n't normal anywhere in the us . 
  nonsense . 
  germany heavily subsidizes its healthcare system . 
  89 % of its citizens use statutory health insurance , only 11 % use private . 
  if 340 million people are on medicare , they will be able to negotiate much , much lower rates . 
  that would be the largest healthcare insurance system ever implemented . 
  tax-free for both individual and business , which is a fucking massive subsidy . 
  the political compass and its attendant test was made by libertarians to fool people into thinking they are libertarians . 
  how is it any less crazy than a schizophrenic claiming they are king of the united states ? 
  it was sent to the wrong address . 
  the blm will get it when they take back the refuge . 
  i guess federal worker orgy office party time is coming . 
  dude said hours before that he would not be taken alive , he got his wish . 
  this is the guy who had foster kids with down syndrome working as ranch hands . 
  this is that guy , the guy even other terrorists there did not like . 
  they are lucky they were given any quarter at all . 
  washington would have routed them and burned their homes like he did during the whiskey rebellion . 
  cascadia will be a federal state , if it ever happens , so yes i 'd like federal cascadian agents guarding our collective right to use public lands . 
  no fucking way .
