  you 're a captured asteroid from the main belt !, 
  planets are oblate spheroids , they ai n't round either . 
  you should send your girlfriend to become a sherpa for a few seasons somewhere so you can increase her max load . 
  maybe you can get a man-sized harness that you can use with her new skills and she would be able to carry you to higher ground while you keep her hydrated and feed her snacks . 
  live by the gun , die by the gun . 
  which country ? 
  most countries are bleeding university graduates in economically-troubled parts of europe to scandinavia/germany/uk / usa . 
  portland has a james beard market . 
  we should build a paul prudhomme market somewhere . 
  ostrichturducken this year . 
  [ astrochicken is a thought experiment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/astrochicken ) propounded by freeman dyson about making self-replicating exploratory craft for nasa , he is a dude who worked on the manhattan project and is still alive today . 
  i think he may be the last of the big names still around from that time . 
  [ aluminum wallets last indefinitely . 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.com/sharkk%c2%ae-aluminum-protected-resistant-designed/dp/b00orziybq/ref=sr_1_6?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1444334417&amp;sr=8-6&amp;keywords=plastic+wallet ), 
  if you want something pliable , leather and fabric wallets simply are n't made to last that long . 
  do n't get fooled into buying an expensive one because i 've had hand-made wallets given to me as gifts , and they do n't last any longer than the ones you can get retail . 
  to me four or five years for a twenty or thirty dollar wallet is a good run . 
  is this a regional thing ? 
  i 've yet to meet a man here in the pacific nw who could not cook . 
  we also lack women , send women . 
  you are 1/10th the way to becoming an engineer . 
  people with basement slaves . 
  she is a centrist democrat . 
  we 've had like two of them in the past 20 years . 
  you assume most people know topographically how they are situated in a city . 
  is there a good calculator to see the cost of growing some yourself ? 
  as portlanders we really need to help steer more infrastructure and institutions out to the rest of oregon . 
  i know it is cool having a lot of major state agencies headquartered here in the metro but there is no reason we ca n't put more satellite campuses somewhere else . 
  places like klamath falls , which has oit has almost no jobs for its graduates locally . 
  the tech park they built to surround oit in the 1970 's is a terrace of empty black parking lots in the summer covered in snow drifts in the winter . 
  put some state agencies around there there that do engineering stuff . 
  what kind of economic programs does oregon have to build out more tech startups outside the metro at the moment ? 
  anyone know ? 
  a good diesel or trainwreck is the beginning of many a fine fall adventure . 
  progressive around 99 and burn is nice . 
  for 12 bucks in ingredients at my [ local asian food mart ] ( http://www.afcwa.com/ ) i can make enough pho for four people . 
  that would be 40 bucks if you ordered out . 
  good luck . 
  nothing quite like throwing up around people spending a lot of money to be somewhere . 
  some affluent millennial parents this last christmas season took a sick toddler in a zelda costume to a two-hour long woodwinds recital . 
  she threw up in a trash can in the lobby and the parents tried bring her back before being told to firmly leave by the 100 year old theater volunteer . 
  they are great for aches and pains . 
  we could have at least two big metros . 
  we would need a high speed commuter rail link between salem and portland though . 
  we like beards on everything . 
  35 bucks and the money is spent almost entirely on programs not administration costs ? 
  what is your problem with the arts tax ? 
  as soon as this crop of millennial transplants starts having kids and moving outward from the city center we will see the next stage of this . 
  currently there are still a few starter homes under 200k in parts of the metro , that will go to 300k then 400k then beyond . 
  in the 1990 's there were three bedrooms going for under 100k . 
  they do n't even put new blinds up in condo sales nowadays . 
  you get the shitty ones from the last renter . 
  there is no stopping rent increases because of the scaling of profits from tech companies is wholly different than our old blue collar industries . 
  we have tech startups transforming from half-a-dozen guys working on the weekends to maybe 40 people in a small office . 
  old industries went from a few guys to 1000 's in a factory . 
  so long as the gravy train flows from this tech boom those people are going to be paid more than their counterparts in other offices . 
  i work in a civil engineering firm and we are having trouble replacing it workers , admins , and technicians at the wages our hr is offering . 
  that has never happened before . 
  the impact of the tech companies is slowly forcing the raising of wages for overlapping skillsets in demand . 
  kitchen workers , teachers , and everyone else is n't seeing that sort of pressure on pay rates though . 
  it is because of the fines and lawsuits from the last mortgage fuck up . 
  banks are super sketchy about everyone now . 
  i 've had three mortgages through bank of america and the last one this year on a condo for my mother took more paperwork than the first two combined . 
  progressive on burnside has a 15 dollar clone special right now . 
  we absolutely need some sort of intellectual labor rights legislation reform . 
  anyone know of any legislation like that currently ? 
  yep . 
  there used to be a cheap chinese restaurant in san francisco when i was going to college there that ended up being cheap in part because they were buying stolen meat off the back of trucks . 
  i 've had a family of wolf spiders in my house for over a decade because we our bordered by two tree lines we get a lot of bugs inside . 
  wife does n't care much for them but if i see one i try to feed it things like little pieces of meat . 
  also fuck dog owners who want to bring their smelly pets on the max . 
  start issuing citations and bans next . 
  children have civil rights , dogs are one stroke of the pen from becoming meat . 
  portland could do with more angry pedestrians . 
  this morning a suv on 10th and yamhill almost turned into a group of schoolkids being led follow-the-motherduck style across the crosswalk and no one except me yelled at the driver . 
  if we capture video that should be enough . 
  no , there are tons and tons of b2b tech companies you 've never heard of making tons of cash . 
  it is the b2cs that are crazily overvalued . 
  the world does not need another reskinned social media network/mapping/review app . 
  it needs more software to help automate the tedium of intellectual workers . 
  hell , the plugin for one of our cad programs costs two grand a seat and is done by a company of like 20 people . 
  that plugin has saved us 1000 's of man hours doing work for leed sites . 
  yep , we now have way more tech jobs than locals to fill them . 
  i lived in the bay area during the 1990 's , this is n't over . 
  get your amtrak pass . 
  we half-assed building out our community college feeder system , for one . 
  a community college graduating into a county with no jobs for the graduates is useless . 
  we ca n't simply go back and build out those tech parks in those small towns we built in the 70 's and 80 's without tax breaks for tech startups being a major selling point . 
  eastern and southern oregon keeps electing economically conservative folks who should be pushing this sort of thinking instead of demagoguing on social issues , and whining to the feds for timber money . 
  they said the same thing in the 1990 's and the gen xers went ahead and had kids in their late 30 's and early 40 's . 
  these tech companies are automating white collar work this time around . 
  i think it might get even more gnarly than before . 
  there are hr and accounting software packages that work pretty much automagically now . 
  our hr even 10 years ago had to manually go through mountains of actual paperwork for each project . 
  we have a template now that we just fill in the blanks and it creates everything from pay stubs to purchase orders as needed . 
  i think for many it is going to be delayed mainly for economic reasons but it is coming . 
  try hanging out at the startup meetups . 
  plenty of men , like too many men . 
  our it department used to be three greybeards who knew everything , and were paid for it . 
  we do n't have anyone who is over 30 back there now and the skillsets they have are dismal .
