  you get 60 mpg ? 
  lol , yet min wage keeps rising and we have more small businesses than at anytime in human history . 
  if you like what 20 years of gentrification does i guess move to san francisco . 
  san francisco has replaced artistic free spirits with brogrammers and worse . 
  no fuck the tech companies that turned a vibrant artsy metro into a sterile playground for manchildren . 
  so you are also an apologist for billionaires ? 
  tell me more oh wise man !, 
  yes , there is . 
  there a whole lot less billionaires in nations with less social inequality you doltish manchild . 
  because authoritarianism brokers messianic leaders and followers who will defend them from anything . 
  show us a single example . 
  you addressed nothing in the article and made a jr high insult , what are you 60 and rfacist ? 
  that would barely cover daycare where i live . 
  if you want to help working families make daycare free . 
  he taxed before the institutions were in place to actually utilize those funds . 
  it was cart before horse political idiocy . 
  maryland needs a seed bank of ideas for big government projects , it does n't really have one . 
  few states do . 
  how about nine committees to research on how to make college freely accessible to anyone for a period of at least two years at the federal level, 
  most of those counties have less than 10k people . 
  we have at least 30 neighborhoods in portland with more people than that . 
  the rural/urban divide needs to be bridged . 
  does sanders support building out more community college feeder systems in rural areas ? 
  maybe we need to start talking about a wealth tax . 
  potatoes and rice make meals stretch out . 
  what do you use the internet for ? 
  it brings into question how he will treat lbgtq folks as they are protected under the oregon constitution . 
  we need to extend the max further into gresham . 
  mexican food is 2x better in asia than europe . 
  much more similar cuisines . 
  tell me when american metal markets accept the yuan . 
  send in the fucking national guard . 
  the duggars are filming a pilot about how to solve sexual molestation the christian way . 
  same thing with lots of work places around the country nowadays . 
  we need a nlrb with a big stick . 
  compared to the bay area it can be vastly cheaper . 
  there are still 100-120k condos within 30 minutes of downtown portland . 
  at least it pushed out the southerner filth . 
  i 'd love to see stats on that because my high school football team produced mostly car salesman , police officers , and manual laborers if my 20th high school reunion is anything to go by . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' and if my firm did not pay for business class i would n't fly . 
  washington county deputies can make anyone feel unwelcome that does n't speak english . 
  my mom believes obama is a manchurian candidate from vietnam . 
  they are already about half retired . 
  my dad retired in his 50 's with a two million dollar retirement that has grown because he invested most of it in what was once cheap real estate for blue collar workers in the 1990 's is now a string of condos and houses that he uses as an investment . 
  he is 72 and still does n't have all the toys he wants , and this is a man who stores the boats , cars , motorcycles , and other motorized vehicles he has bought off over the decades in a warehouse . 
  firm trump supporter but he does believe in a higher min wage but no free healthcare . 
  do you not believe in public roads ? 
  i do n't remember electing you dictator-for-life . 
  do you not believe in representative democracy, 
  that is rubbish . 
  it is far easier to soundproof one building than everything surrounding it . 
  music venues are such entitled brats about themselves . 
  more should be demolished as examples . 
  music venues do not get to define their neighborhoods just because they were there first . 
  sorry , i am not going to entertain your entitlement complex . 
  why do n't you sing a sad song about it ? 
  checksum hardware . 
  agreed , arguments in academics is about jousting not pit fighting . 
  maybe in some shitty flyover state but most metros have been multilingual for centuries . 
  of course we should preserve the cultural wealth of our corn pickers but we can do that with an android app nowadays . 
  which is why a federal eu would 've made this much easier . 
  social mobility was a lot more open when the workforce was organized into unions . 
  we need to organize again . 
  fucker went bankrupt 7 times . 
  even poor people ca n't do that . 
  if you add breadcrumbs to your meatballs you can make them structurally bigger . 
  have to start organizing at some level . 
  the level of automation you are talking about is currently still fantasy . 
  my pockets hurt . 
  um , i work in fabrication , it is . 
  i helped mod #anarchism on undernet in the 1990s . 
  most of the drama was real life . 
  a lot of users were in baltimore and every day on there was interspersed with verbal vignettes in the slice-of-life drama of crusty punks , hobos , and over-educated nobodies . 
  the catastrophic human drama that emerges when small niche groups interact in real life over an impossibly naive theory on how human society , `` is or ought to be '' , is voluminous . 
  i could write a play about it if i had the inclination . 
  shh , i 'm drinking sake and eating day-old kfc . 
  automation is n't even solved for laser-cut , press braked , spot-welded metal fabrication , which has been going at it for 25 years . 
  no it is not . 
  those car factories have to be retooled for every model that goes through them . 
  they ca n't produce just any part . 
  problem is not solved . 
  um , but i also go to conferences and symposiums about this stuff . 
  even cyborg camp 's experts are n't as gung ho about automation taking every job as you guys . 
  of course i support a basic income , but automation for every manufacturing , service , and blue collar job is n't going to happen overnight . 
  that is just fearmongering . 
  right click everything first , some can be upgraded to new stuff . 
  reformation and foundationalism both occur in religions . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  assholish foodists of all stripes exist . 
  they have it here in portland at the salt and straw sometimes . 
  well you are in the minority of lecturers at conferences i attend . 
  you are talking pie in the sky-level automation technology just being around the corner or even in existence today , i 'm not buying it . 
  those factories you consult for i 'm certain will need machinists and operators for the foreseeable future . 
  lol , spoken like someone who has never tooled metal . 
  even a small change in a part can take weeks to prototype , let alone to get into production . 
  freeze it first , then let it defrost . 
  garbage plates are a thing in upper new york too . 
  use some orange oil spray . 
  do it for a few nights and you will get your hours cut . 
  sounds like you are relying on your prejudices , good for you .
