  i do n't believe he is a civil libertarian at all ; instead he seems a self-infatuated american corporatist and/or free market faither . 
  i coupon only once every two to three months . 
  it is n't worth it nowadays . 
  you have to save up imaginary storebrand points up to get 4-5 bucks off a gallon of gas or into a rewards program with such arcane rules and limited sales that you would have to beat down the elderly and stay-at-home mothers who can lift cars off babies at the crack of dawn while clamoring for a $ 199 lcd/led/lqd / lxd tv . 
  i 'm going to go with post-masturbatory smear of whacking lotion for 400 alex. 
  you can never stop all employee theft in a warehouse . 
  like they do now with struggling companies like nike and intel . 
  before that . 
  it was the animus towards african american socioeconomic mobility after the civil war . 
  these are the sort of people that if you took them 150 years in the past they would be supporting slavery with the bible and half-cocked economic theories . 
  those guys were still ready to gas the mentally ill . 
  you are talking about rounding up and deporting millions of people . 
  do you want the police to come door to door ? 
  [ specialists . 
  ] ( http://www.nps.gov/fire/wildland-fire/jobs.cfm ), 
  exactly how many people are you going to arrest to find the non citizens, 
  so some kids can go hungry ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  india literally has the largest amount of people in poverty in the world for any nation . 
  um , public spaces are inherently a space where strangers talk to other strangers about the news of the day , their crazy theories about things , and their endlessly rehashed narratives about their own and made up lives they like to lie to strangers about . 
  what is your beef with it ? 
  do you feel some sort of right or liberty is being impinged by strangers having the nerve to speak in your majesty 's presence or is it merely a social norm that you wish to change ? 
  there are places on this planet where such societies exist , esp in scandinavia , like remote islands near the pole . 
  i met a stranger in the last bar open in a closed summer resort town a few winters ago and i instinctively slapped him on the back when we were hootin and hollerin about something or another , and he started joyously crying . 
  no one had touched him for years , it meant a lot to him . 
  is there anything else you want president of the people for life the great gazoo oh please let us serve you !, 
  you did n't answer my question and then inverted said question back at me . 
  you seem very entitled about all this . 
  how much does this inconvenience your majesty , what great works of art , science , infrastructure , government or industry have not been thought of by reverend poopy pants because of the travesty of strangers wanting to interact with him ? 
  i have dried mixes w/seasoning of soups , beans , and grains in mason jars that i either throw in a rice cooker or a slow cooker depending on what i want to make , and how much time i have . 
  you can make pho in a rice cooker too but it requires frozen prep . 
  i asked if you thought you had a right not to be talked to in public or if you thought it was a social norm you merely disagreed about . 
  you declined to answer and are now generalizing from what starts out as animus towards `` those people '' that there has never been an interesting conversation between strangers ever . 
  my argument that you are entitled is that you have been deflecting all responsibility for interactions with strangers in a public space to the nebulously-defined `` those people '' , and then moralizing `` those people '' are wronging you with small talk , and the high crime of making you uncomfortable . 
  local news stations near me have closed their comment sections , one by one , for racism mostly . 
  no , you have an entirely entitled view of what public space is . 
  unless someone is physically threatening you or harassing you , you are free to walk away . 
  the onus is n't on society to walk on eggshells for you . 
  yeah , just google and good luck . 
  that is how we all learn . 
  because the presentation of recipes on reddit is awful , and there are literally dozens of top tier rice cooker recipe blogs alone . 
  not everyone likes the same things . 
  no , your opinion is n't worth anymore than anyone else 's . 
  you are all a bunch of entitled manchildren and it disgusts me . 
  calling children out with impossible demands is childish . 
  best to ignore them . 
  if you washingtonians want better public transport you should 've supported the crc . 
  i walk to a max station and walk 5 minutes to work . 
  why should we spend money on rural roads at all ? 
  no , i meant ignore the manchildren online . 
  are you that dense ? 
  they are just entitled manchildren who are ruinous upon any public forum they congregate upon . 
  before reddit there was irc/nntp and if it was n't libertarians shitting up everything it was the objectivists . 
  yep , got into an argument with one in a bar a few months ago and he would not admit that funding public transportation in a metro versus rural paved roads was a better allocation of taxes . 
  he lives in a town of 100 some odd people with an 80 mile long state road with three box girder bridges that i know cost will cost 10 's of millions in their serviceable life to build out and maintain . 
  his solution of course is to let the roads and bridges we have be paid for by the locals . 
  when i explained to him that to pay for those bridges he would have to pony up 10k a year or so to drive over those bridges , he said he would drive around them because it is national forest land around there . 
  i just gave up at that point . 
  the t-34 was one of the most reliable tank platforms of the war . 
  i hope a week . 
  pretty sure that private road does n't take you to the grocery store . 
  spoken like someone who has n't mapped all the locations of every pigeon roosting site in their city . 
  state road . 
  fuck that shit . 
  we had to deal with a religious architectural firm once on a project and the rep kept interjecting that religious nonsense into everything . 
  he had won a contract to build out part of a public park in a rural county . 
  finally we had them excluded from our work site and dealt directly with the county . 
  fucker could not take no and one of our machinists who was helping fabricate the benches , poles , etc almost took a swing at him . 
  dude forces people to pray for a buck over min wage , fuck him and his customers . 
  go to the yamhill pub and get drunk . 
  fuck that , drive the speed limit or 5 above . 
  we just had an old guy get hit out here on a rural road because a driver thought the same as you . 
  no thanks . 
  i like a slow plodding justice system not a ~ ~ lynching ~ ~ hanging every sunday afternoon . 
  why do n't you go join isis, 
  i want them to be beheaded and kept alive in heads in jars alone for all eternity . 
  that is a black and white cookie from ny , ny . 
  corned venison works as well . 
  man , i wish you guys would open a currywurst stand here in portland , or at one of the many food stall locations . 
  that would be grand . 
  they keep opening and closing up doner shops for some reason here in portland . 
  there was even one here that served sandwiches the size of dinner plates and it could n't pull in customers . 
  we have like 40 different korean fusion restaurants and maybe 5 german places . 
  i think we should have more cultural interchange us here in the pacific nw and germany/scandinavia . 
  similar cultures and all . 
  we have a german language school here for elementary through high school ( grundschule/gymnasium ) , but it is getting less and less students each year . 
  except those are usually very different types of personalities . 
  the marxist manchildren were more annoying than the libertarian ones , and they get banned too . 
  if you had not had a bulgogi beef burrito go get one . 
  korean fusion is awesome and all but i want to see more european-american fusion . 
  does that make me racist, 
  look at mr. 
  does not grow his own lentils . 
  as a cannibal i laugh at you . 
  pdx reporter app is useless because the public ca n't see the reports . 
  florida is insane , portland is bizarre . 
  needs some old bay seasoning and clams . 
  that is a week 's worth of coffee for me . 
  fuck protected names . 
  all marxism is bs historicism and crystal ball gazing pish posh .
