  take away their federal representation until they pay up . 
  it is a flavor sponge . 
  i laugh when i see people trying to eat it raw . 
  i like using up the last bit of my locally made red miso w / a block of firm farmer 's market tofu soaked with an imperial cup or three of good american sake . 
  which then goes whole into the cherrywood smoker . 
  we stole your foodstuffs and made them tastier . 
  america !, 
  you can eat corn plain too i guess . 
  i have a hat and a waterproof bag/assemble . 
  get on google maps and browse all the transit stops about an hour out . 
  on the weekend start going to any interesting stores you find . 
  about 40 minutes from me on the light rail is a butcher that has a rotating 5/pound special on deli meats . 
  i found him exploring years ago . 
  life without parole is a whole helluva lot cheaper to appeal . 
  problem with bigger operations is that it is much harder to qualify . 
  at least two of the 1970 's condos across the street from me are rented out by one of these companies . 
  there might be 10 units . 
  they are charging 1400 for a two bedroom . 
  i think it is time for reconstruction 2.0 in the south . 
  they need the institutions and infrastructure moreso than any other americans . 
  i 'd like to see a free community college feeder system built out to the most rural areas , with satellite centers for labs . 
  i wish psu had a 3-d printer for buildings program at the civil engineering dept. 
  no one should pay half of their wages for rent/mortgage . 
  for one , it is n't sustainable long term . 
  one job loss and/or breakup later and all of the sudden you are moving out into the unaffordable housing environment , one that is spreading out from half a dozen desirable areas now . 
  i lived in san francisco in the 1990 's . 
  without some balls-to-the-wall urban planning magic from the metro that includes a few 100k affordable housing units near the existing light rail infrastructure we are going to either have to build out the [ dreaded 505 and the mount hood freeway ] ( http://www.portlandmercury.com/portland/the-dead-freeway-society/content?oid=1676323 ) so the blue collar workers living 3-4 hours away from work can get there , or billions upon billions of new light/commuter rail lines . 
  i would n't want to be in an ikea flat pack structure during an earthquake . 
  this is unacceptable . 
  when i moved back here in the late 1990 's the mortgage on a brand new two bedroom condo was 20 % of my wages as a recent college grad . 
  by the time i was 27 i had paid the entire loan off by applying my tax refund each year to the loan . 
  that same place is 5x more expensive now but wages sure as hell have not raised 5x . 
  elect some progressives next time . 
  our oregon governor is making community college free for all incoming hs grads . 
  tooth to gum ratio , would not bang . 
  wtf were the 80 's ? 
  go go mechanical engineering !, 
  i can afford a cabin two hours away with a fishing boat on it . 
  you sound like a boring bro . 
  we are not here to support your so , so angsty bro lifestyle , bro . 
  if you ca n't even entertain yourself and your only glimpse at the marvel of human culture is the spectacle , i pity you . 
  you sound like a very midbrow culture sort of guy , you talking about high culture is laughable . 
  `` no real major donations of significant institutions for feature the high arts '', 
  israel had been gone for millennia and yet it was brought back into existence . 
  my wife would do a penectomy right then and there . 
  bio labs should use the parts from all of the dead bodies to create biotanks . 
  we have plenty of cement here . 
  maybe one day we will even have protected bike lanes . 
  socal has a lot of status seeking folks . 
  not so much here . 
  [ oh there is a way . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_excalibur ), 
   project excalibur was a united states government nuclear weapons research program to develop a nuclear pumped x-ray laser as a directed energy weapon for ballistic missile defence . 
  [ 1 ] it became part of the strategic defense initiative ( sdi ) . 
  [ 1 ] conceived and developed by nuclear scientists edward teller , george chapline , jr. . peter l. hagelstein and lowell wood the concept involved packing large numbers of expendable soft x-ray lasers around a nuclear device . 
  when the device detonated , it would fire soft x-ray laser beams in many directions . 
  [ 2 ] the goal was to aim these beams to shoot down enemy nuclear missiles near the end of , and after the missiles boost phase stage of flight . 
  the kill mechanism of the x-ray laser was ablative laser propulsion shock ; [ 2 ] [ 3 ] that is , the x-rays would heat the surface of the missile , causing it to vaporize explosively , destroying it or knocking it off course . 
  bs , they just have to animate him differently . 
  because trademarks simply do n't work that way . 
  trademarks give a very narrow set of rights , which would give disney almost no chance of shooting down wholly different conceptions of mickey mouse . 
  they can try , but they 'll eventually fail . 
  no , there is plenty of reasons . 
  adding him to fighting games . 
  children 's books . 
  no , they lose exclusive rights to the name as well . 
  no , this is settled law . 
  trademarks do n't magically extend copyrights . 
  exactly , i no longer trust google with my data . 
  get a mini slow cooker , you can prep the night before with one of the thousands of iterations of vegetarian chili out there . 
  i keep a dry mix with black beans , pinto beans , ground chilies , salt , and cumin in a mason jar i can just pour the entire contents out of into the slow cooker . 
  add a few tablespoons of peanut oil and fill up with water then walk away from it for 8 hours then finish it off with a handful of frozen corn , roasted peanuts , or anything else that looks interesting . 
  you can use honey as well . 
  as someone else said you need to add about 80-90 % of the water you normally use for cooking rice . 
  just experiment till you get a rice that absorbs better . 
  i keep my rice covered with just a paper plate over a bowl in the fridge . 
  also it sounds like you are not cooking it at a high enough heat if it is soggy . 
  fried rice takes about 5 minutes to make 10-12 servings of at my house on med high heat on an induction flat bottomed wok . 
  this fucker just stirred a lot of pots at once . 
  there are far more variations than that . 
  [ honey teriyaki ] ( https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=honey%20terriki#hl=en&amp;q=%22honey+teriyaki%22 ) gets almost 100k hits . 
  i 've seen [ dr. pepper ] ( https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=honey%20terriki#hl=en&amp;q=dr+pepper+teriyaki+ ) and root beer teriyaki . 
  yeah , the whole fusion thing with condiments is sorta mind-blowing . 
  it seems to have exploded in the past 20 years or so . 
  the japadog you can get in seattle , portland has terimayo among other things . 
  it is a house used for drug money . 
  hell , try talking about it here sometimes . 
  sounds like california needs to run a proposition in 2016 with similar language . 
  i deal with international folks all the time , and many israelis i have dealt with lately remind me of south afrikaners in the 1980 's , right before apartheid fell . 
  the paranoia and conspiracy-laden drivel that comes out of their mouths is astonishing for a professional setting . 
  minus the racism and nationalism , this is a people who are starting to believe some objectively false shit to justify their stances on issues . 
  they should also have cameras that ticket anyone who goes over 10 mph automatically . 
  we have 55 mph roads here and some asshats want to go 85 on them at 6 am . 
  they really need to crack down on the gresham blue line starting at gateway . 
  dude with prison tattoos and a cracked-out grin was vaping some obnoxious coconut blend inside it while mumbling to himself last night . 
  smelled like rancid suntan lotion . 
  if dogs did n't shit and piss everywhere , sure . 
  right now most max stops outside of the downtown core have an area near it that smells like dog shit . 
  i have zero tolerance towards pet owners not picking up after their animals . 
  wait .
