  too many fucking bigots to sort through to get to the good folk . 
  we tried that . 
  not worth the effort . 
  90 % of people from west coast , no problem with racism/sexism/homophobia . 
  we hired southerners all the way through till the 1990 's when someone had the realization that almost all of our toxic office problems were coming from them . 
  we hired a guy from georgia for it during the nt to 2000 move and had him on staff till the mid 00 's . 
  walk into the break room with him and he would be talking about nuking the middle east or how obama was n't really an american . 
  fired him for stealing stacks of dvds . 
  he will be the last southerner we ever hire . 
  i did not say y' all were all bigots , i said it was n't worth picking out the corn from the shit . 
  imho outside of espresso , blade grinders are close enough for most people . 
  i think the hatred for them here is just a circlejerk . 
  yes , with espresso you want an even grind , for a press , meh . 
  a burr grinder is n't going to turn dessicated beans into a good cup , and a blade grinder with some good beans is decent enough . 
  you ca n't have a tolerant place if you tolerate the intolerant . 
  southerners have been almost all of our problems with bigotry in our office space over the decades , so guess what ? 
  we made our office a more tolerant place by denying the intolerant a place at it . 
  you guys have some work to do before you are thought of anything but a liability as a hire . 
  i know many , many other places around here that have come to a similar conclusion . 
  it is actually very simple . 
  southerners are far , far more likely to be intolerant and it is easy to hire around that . 
  so we do . 
  it is not like we do n't hire people born from the south , if they choose to move to a more tolerant area and assimilate they are considered like any other northerner . 
  if you choose to live in a shitty state , do n't be surprised if people think you are shitty to work around while making hiring decisions . 
  guess what ? 
  we have an extremely diverse group of people working for us , and we are happy because of this . 
  why ca n't you be happy that we do n't have to deal with casual racism anymore ? 
  i 'm * sorry * i do n't speak * ~ ~ oinkese ~ ~ * southern american english , can anyone translate, 
  oldest office i 've ever been to was in the 1980 's at a city engineer 's office in the far north east of the state . 
  town had been part of a gold rush boom like 120 years hence , so the engineer 's office was a small victorian-style high ceiling office replete with ornate sconing , a marble reception area , an office soundproofed by being double-walled , and a burl desk . 
  people forget about all those small towns that used to be something have a lot of cool shit to build off . 
  when i retire i am going to go help a town with neglected infrastructure and history . 
  i think there is a lot of meaningful work to be done in america 's old big towns that got small . 
  look , i travel , and i do n't travel with a burr grinder . 
  try finding one in a town of 4,000 in the middle of the dakotas . 
  i travel light . 
  i guess it has become familiar to me . 
  a hotel drip machine paired with whatever grinder and whole bean coffee i can find has been my succor for so many decades that i often prefer it , especially if i am drinking coffee to work . 
  now to relax and enjoy it as it 's own thing ; well , that is a different beast altogether . 
  we are going to take away your guns . 
  i never said that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sconce_ ( light_fixture ), 
  ancapism , number 0 with pedophiles . 
  i am a civil engineer , it may be a slang term . 
  do not bury glass , it is dangerous . 
  what we need is a handgun ban . 
  should we really entertain the thoughts of every political ideology out there ? 
  i dismiss libertarians and republicans out of hand . 
  it has served me well over the decades . 
  name a single republican piece of legislation that was on the right side of history in the past 30 years . 
  bullshit , most handgun deaths are suicides . 
  a substantial part of them are domestic violence . 
  but fuck the mentally ill and women , is n't that the republican mantra, 
  for most people , they would not be able to appreciate the difference . 
  i can serve maxwell house pre ground at the office and tell people it is a fancy new blend , they will believe me every time . 
  wtf, 
  most suicides are men in their 20 's and 30 's with financial problems . 
  are you some sort of misandrist ? 
  if japan had access to handguns it would be even higher . 
  there are 100 's of thousands of suicide attempts each year in japan . 
  there is no reason for people to have handguns in 2015 . 
  this is not the wild west . 
  you are advocating people that are in financial trouble should be allowed to kill themselves , mostly young males . 
  you are absolutely a misandrist . 
  handguns are the most successful method of suicide . 
  so you are willing for 22k people to commit suicide so a few dozen people each year can defend themselves with guns ? 
  you sound rather sick and bloodthirsty . 
   many people do not want to live but you would rather force them to stay here on earth and suffer ? 
  dude , you are advocating everyone who wants to commit suicide for any reason should be encouraged to do so . 
  are you mentally ill ? 
  bullshit the median hourly wage with tips in the us for waitstaff is [ 8.92 an hour ] ( http://www.bls.gov/ooh/food-preparation-and-serving/waiters-and-waitresses.htm ) . 
  100 dollars a night with 9.25 an hour on an 8 hour shift is 21.75 an hour , that would all be in the top 5 % wait staff salaries in the country . 
  are you implying that the top 5 % of wait staff in the usa work all in portland ? 
  ca n't prove a negative , we could all be flatus from a horse 's ass too . 
  not seeing a source . 
  nvcs is self-reported , people report dgus as having a gun while seeing a black male walk by . 
  show me a study backed by filed police reports on how many people using guns have defended themselves champ , and then we can continue this discussion . 
  so fucking cite it . 
  i do n't think about god at all , why should i ? 
  i 'm not your research bitch , if you are so technically incompetent as to be unable to provide an inline html citation in 2015 , we have nothing further to discuss . 
  i do n't think about an afterlife at all unless someone else brings it up . 
  why should i ? 
  put it this way . 
  in 2000 china was 1/5th the cost for metal fabrication compared to the us , now they are 1/2 the cost . 
  largely due to better manufacturing practices in the us and a throw cheap labor at it strategy from china . 
  so cite the numbers for waitstaff wages in oregon . 
  i am seeing 22-24k a year average . 
  that is 12-13 an hour . 
  that was true 20 years ago , not today . 
  tips are mostly done by debit/credit now . 
  still ai n't seeing any citations . 
  you are talking about an industry that employs nearly 20 million people . 
  someone out there is fucking writing papers on them . 
  so find a study that backs your claim that the average waitstaff are making bank in portland . 
  [ here is a free scholar link to get you started . 
  ] ( https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=reported+income+waitresses+portland&amp;hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0,39 ), 
  even a single beer affects reaction times . 
  that is what everyone says , and [ they are wrong ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2002/09/020919065955.htm ) . 
  '' `` in a nutshell , what it means is you do n't have to be staggering , fall-down drunk to have driving problems if you 've drinking . 
  a very small amount can affect your driving ability and especially the decisions you make while driving .
