  it is called travel pay , it is expensive , and they should be paying up . 
  lot 's of places try to get creative on this . 
  it is not a good idea to fuck around with the federal government on this . 
  marx called for the genocide of an entire class of people . 
  time to thin out the herd . 
  i 've had enough of the middle and lower classes whining about them and their children anyways . 
  i 'll be glad when they are all gone . 
  who the fuck has time to do shit like this ? 
  do n't worry you will not be sent to fema camps comrade . 
  it is when it affects the currency valuation of the nation you are living in . 
  do you want to spend 200 % more than the europeans do for the same consumer goods ? 
  build a cyborg cat . 
  just pick up some cats at your local shelter , slap an arduino or two in there , some servos , and maybe a laser . 
  i cook scrambled eggs on a non-stick griddle . 
  just have to use two spatulas at once to keep things moving . 
  then cover with a metal bowl about halfway through . 
  it is to filter out psychos . 
  two bottles each sometimes . 
  i was in austin 4 months ago , and at least one in three people were obese . 
  i had a business dinner and one of the locals had half of his paunch above the booth 's table . 
  it is not about drugs , it is about `` substances '' . 
  creative types of all persuasions can become prima donnas . 
  you should n't let them . 
  more people died in car wrecks because of a national , state , and city aversion to public transit of all kinds . 
  we ca n't build 10 lane highways into every metro area . 
  we are going to have to build light rail and streetcar infrastructure everywhere . 
  highways and roads have massive subsidies , they are n't profitable either . 
  no american is as pro-where-i 'm - from as nyers . 
  not in oregon they ca n't . 
  you can thank him and his political generation for urban growth boundaries for better or worse . 
  yeah , or rental contracts would be useless . 
  you used to be able to get multi year rental contracts . 
  still can commercially . 
  stalk people . 
  portlanders loved being stalked . 
  guys no console/pc hybrid community has ever stayed together on reddit . 
  give up and make this sub pc only . 
  let the console folks make an esoconsole . 
  trust me this will happen anyways , might as well force it now . 
  which means any working joe in that area is going to be paying for the stadium everytime he gets a beer or a hamburger . 
  money he could 've used on his own children . 
  do you know how damaging jail is to a rich person 's psyche, 
  til : i can understand scottish better than texan . 
  time to put your human down . 
  he looks at least 50 . 
  genetically engineer them so they can talk like in animaniacs . 
  let 's do a kickstarter . 
  i understood maybe 70 % . 
  guns do n't kill people , people kill people you hippy . 
  there is nothing wrong with positive eugenics . 
  these people chose to not even become middle class , anyone can do that . 
  capitalism should n't support losers . 
  need more starbucks . 
  ohio has sandwiches for about 3 bucks . 
  tastes better than some craft high abv i 've had in the past . 
  honestly for almost 10 % , it is pretty tasty . 
  spoken like someone who has never rented in paris . 
  even the office spaces are fucking run down at 2x the price of london . 
  it is a high gravity lager , with cheaper malt syrup instead of freshly extracted malts like you would get in a craft beer . 
  however , most people ca n't tell the difference . 
  a lot of formally craft beers use malt syrups now . 
  it is way easier to get a consistent product that way . 
  there are craft breweries going hg that ca n't even make stuff that tastes as good as sr. 
  fuck that , they should be fined heavily if they use a-boards . 
  i 've seen wheelchair bound people have to go out into the street because of them . 
  i liked him better when he drank . 
  you are asking us to spend more money to implement your `` poor people ca n't make good decisions '' program than it would save . 
  you must be a republican . 
  why do n't you demand that businesses follow the same law as people do , homeless are people btw . 
  they are stressful expensive money pits . 
  if we find a mechanical keyboard in the office , we have it come and take it away . 
  fuck mechanical keyboards in an office environment . 
  i did not live through the 1990 's when the last ps/2 's were being thrown out to have to deal with some 20 year old with a hard on for nostalgia . 
  no one in a professional environment would allow one in 2015 , so i am guessing these stories of people using them are just fictitious , and the redditors may have never worked in an office , ever . 
  here is a clue kids : no one wants to be forced to notice you in an office-environment . 
  if you stand out and demand attention , you will eventually be shit-canned . 
  people go to to work to work . 
  it is a personal preference . 
  i worked on them for half of my life and far , far prefer membrane keyboards for ease of typing . 
  mechanical keyboards are a pain in the ass to type on all day , they have far more resistance . 
  i have a corsair vengence at home , where it belongs . 
  i do n't even like it as much as the razer anansi membrane keyboard which is also for gaming . 
  my major problem with gaming mechanical keyboards is that they do n't accept side pressing , you have to directly line a finger above the key and press down . 
  more finger travel , means slower reaction times . 
  they are likely just being nice to your face . 
  stop being a dick and use a quieter keyboard . 
  spreadsheets are so much easier , do n't do paper . 
  the price of ingredients changes weekly , your spreadsheets would reflect that . 
  yeah , people have been shouting about this for ages . 
  it has just become more readily apparent with the decline in wage growth for everyone . 
  put it this way . 
  in 1999 our firm was paying it helpdesk at 8 dollars an hour and getting no college grads applying . 
  in 2015 , we are hiring for 14 an hour and about half have college degrees . 
  something is fundamentally fucked with our labor markets . 
  it is in the uk press but they are even more apathetic than americans . 
  who cares what ancaps think about anything they are meaningless . 
  no there is not . 
  not in an office in 2015 . 
  when your special keyboard is the loudest in the office , you are a dick . 
  where are they being deployed ?
