  i am guessing that the us is looking for more places to put missile defense systems . 
   eleanor earned $ 75,000 from her lectures and writing , most of which she gave to charity . 
  lol . 
  hillary is better because more rich people gave her money . 
  end of story . 
  during the 1980 's reagan and the republican congress eliminated two top tax rates . 
  that allowed the rich to literally get richer quicker than ever before in the united states . 
  after [ 240k there are no more increases in tax rates anymore ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/income_tax_in_the_united_states#effective_income_tax_rates ) . 
  we need to add more tax brackets again . 
  no they did n't . 
  a few maybe but not that many . 
  have you not read piketty ? 
  go read some summaries and come back . 
  pretty much the social inequality being compounded by economic policies by our elected officials in preserving wealth in the hands of the few is a vastly inefficient system that is bound to collapse . 
  potus can fight to not give things like amnesty to tax dodgers in switzerland though , obama did not fight against that . 
  lol , the dude has espoused libertarian thoughts on other issues and is now clamoring for collectivism to cleanse society of undesirables in his view , can he get any more hypocritical ? 
  i guess you can put the onus on the journalist to educate his readers on piketty , that is a kosher point ; but in fairness , he is one of the most read economists in the world today . 
  why have n't you read him yourself ? 
  that is exactly why it was done . 
  also the transfer of wealth in the form of investments has been so extreme that it has begun dramatically affecting income growth in the bottom 90 % . 
  there is more and more wealth being concentrated into ever complex financial instruments for the rich to escape taxation . 
  this is wealth that if taxed at a reasonable rate would allow us to enrich our least well off like our 50 % of both american students and seniors living in poverty . 
  it is inexcusable for poverty to being growing among american children at a greater rate than any western nation in the world . 
  most european countries have child poverty rates under 20 % , some under 5 % . 
  i 'm not doing your homework for you , i 'm not your mother , get over yourself . 
  i 'm not reading an entire essay . 
  give me a quote champ . 
  this / r/politics . 
  we are not here to hold your hand . 
  you have the entire internet at your command , use it . 
  you are complaining what about what amounts to common knowledge in modern economic discussions . 
  all you are revealing to me is that you are ignorant and are mad that someone writes about something that you are n't knowledgeable about . 
  you googled a criticism to an economist you yourself have not read . 
  i 'm not here to do your homework champ . 
  i highly doubt you even read the essay linked . 
  we could make a more progressive capital gains system , that has been floated before . 
  people who have 10 million or more in assets taxed at 20 % cap gains max . 
  stealth is so underrated in this game . 
  makes sense , they both are friends with kissinger , who also had lists . 
  it is like watching a technically talented cover band with no soul cover your favorite band . 
  min wage supported a family of four until the early 1970 's . 
  endless purity tests makes reagan cry for the big tent gop of yore . 
  yeah , they used to be called the [ know nothings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/know_nothing ) and they beat up the irish . 
   the movement arose in response to an influx of migrants , and promised to `` purify '' american politics by limiting or ending the influence of irish catholics and other immigrants , thus reflecting nativist and anti-catholic sentiment . 
  it was empowered by popular fears that the country was being overwhelmed by german and irish catholic immigrants , whom they saw as hostile to republican values , and as being controlled by the pope in rome . 
  mainly active from 1854 to 1856 , the movement strove to curb immigration and naturalization , but met with little success . 
  membership was limited to protestant men . 
  there were few prominent leaders , and the largely middle-class membership was fragmented over the issue of slavery . 
  waifu prop up real girl = threesome ? 
  does anyone under the age of 50 watch news videos online when a written article is available ? 
  i do n't need a talking head thanks . 
  bernie is selling a better future . 
  they said the same thing about raising it from $ 2.35 and none of what you said happened . 
  do you think people should still be paid $ 2.35 ? 
  doing what ? 
  digging ditches by shovel ? 
  the tribe also did n't go begging for support . 
  i was alive . 
  this is great . 
  clinton is paying for katy perry 's entourage but wo n't pay her own fucking interns . 
  wut how is the icj like jesus ? 
  spoken like someone who has only taken basic economics . 
  lol , holy totalitarianism batman . 
  exactly how are you going to stop nonprofits from helping the homeless ? 
  i ate half-a-dozen + a day in college w / eggs/ramen/frozen veggies for every meal during the summers i was n't working during college . 
  have super high cholesterol now damnit . 
  eggs were 89 cents a dozen on sale . 
  so what is your solution ? 
  house the homeless in public housing with integrated social services ? 
  that might be actually cheaper . 
  ah , instead of discussing the issue at hand , the right wing smears black people . 
  how nice of them . 
  how does that even begin to address the issue at hand ? 
  so you think burning down refugee centers is justified because you are an anti-government nut job ? 
  how intelligent you must think you are . 
  comparing refugees being targeted by right wing arsonists to isis being targeted by western governments is disgusting , you are a disgusting human being and should be ashamed of yourself . 
  one is happening in a open and free society , the other is not . 
  these people who are causing fires are monsters , monsters that use reasoning similar to your own to justify their actions . 
  i 'm not wrong , am i ? 
  so what did he mean champ ? 
  rioters is a dog whistle for right wing manchildren to froth at the mouth at young black people . 
  it is like you are not even aware of how racist you are . 
  i consider [ ketwurst ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ketwurst ) the greatest food invention to come out of germany in the past 1000 years . 
  ddr forever !, 
  consumer prices are sticky which means they do n't rise that fast . 
  2d girl only . 
  like overseeing the largest drop in hs graduation rates for black males in us history . 
  authoritarian left best left . 
  clintons forever !, 
  clinton jong un was birthed by a unicorn in the water of the washington memorial . 
  i love rice . 
  i eat 2 lbs of brown rice a week . 
  good stuff . 
  i love brown rice especially , it has that nuttiness and depth of flavor . 
  that 19 trillion in debt is because america has good credit . 
  cutting 10 trillion out of the us budget would devastate literally everything in the us and lower our credit rating . 
  america would be foolish not to leverage good credit to sell treasury bonds . 
  you do understand how this debt is calculated , right ? 
  looks like night outside . 
  a gun is a tool for killing things , it is nothing like a auto insurance or a fire extinguisher .
