  just do n't reply to me until you are better read on the ideology you yourself claim to follow . 
  well a manchild is immature and you are espousing immature political opinions that for one thing would in fact protect bigots . 
  do you want me to call you a bigot apologist instead ? 
  [ perfectly ok sign in libertarian land . 
   rothbardian natural rights theory, 
  '' ** do the parents have any obligation to support the child ? 
  ** are they free to dump him out ? 
  yes , to the orphanage , hospital , religious organization that takes on babies or to an adoptive parent . 
  may the initial parent starve or freeze the baby to death ? 
  certainly not . 
  are the parents obliged to try to find an alternative caregiver first ? 
  yes , indeed . 
  ** however , if there is not a single solitary adult on the planet who wishes to take on this role , then and only then may the baby be put to death . 
  ** can the parents , for instance , put the child behind a window and charge viewers to watch it starve to death ? 
  no ; that is grotesque . 
  do they have an obligation to find alternative caregivers ? 
  yes ; this does not constitute a positive obligation based on forestalling theory . 
  must they , by law , give notice that the child is in need of a caregiver ? 
  yes . 
  must they bear any costs at all to keep the child from dying , supposing they do not want to raise it ? 
  the only costs they need bear are those necessary to bring the child to the proverbial church steps ... '', 
  so , being educated i guess is a liberal trick ? 
  it is a basic human rights issue and should be decided at the federal level . 
  fuck state 's rights . 
  cite it , i 'm not your research assistant . 
  human is human . 
  i 'm in it for learning to design illegal holodeck programs . 
  berries freeze easily , and can be defrosted in about 20-30 minutes in a fridge . 
  i like using them for cream cheese/berry blends to spread on toasted breads/crackers/bagels of all sorts . 
  someone has to spank all the manchildren around from time to time or they get too uppity . 
  why do n't you go rewatch some cartoons and play some new video games , ok ? 
  that 'll make you happy . 
  um , europe has similar rates of accidents than the us . 
  never heard of it out west but i have heard about it in the south and ne . 
  so you went to wikipedia , big deal . 
  explain again how emotion alone can be enough for moral judgements . 
  / r/news never should 've been made a default over / r/politics . 
  now i wo n't even send new people to reddit because 50 % of the defaults are racist cesspools . 
  well you sound like an undergrad at best . 
  `` the point is that once you account for our moral intuitions , actions , judgments and emotions through scientific means , there 's nothing left to explain '', 
  so what exactly are you posting besides something like crude physicalism or quine 's naturalistic epistemology ? 
  you are claiming that in 2015 that all ethics can be explained through what , neuroscience ? 
  science ca n't give a complete origin of life on earth , the abiogenesis hypothesis still has n't discovered the self-replicating molecules that started life . 
  we very well could 've been seeded by aliens or gods , and part of philosophy , namely the philosophy of science , is that if you state empirically something is happening , you need data . 
  where is your data ? 
  it looks to me you are just appealing to science like it is some sort of mystical institution that can be pointed at for all answers . 
  that is n't science . 
  i do n't hate science at all . 
  you made a claim that science has definitively answered two major philosophical problems . 
  you have now listed a group of authors who propounds various shades of behavioral ecology and sociobiology . 
  so what you are asking us to believe is that there is a well-established phylogeny of ethics wherein we can trace back the origin of various ethical behaviours through their purported methodologies ? 
  i disagree , i know of no such science . 
  you are ascribing knowledge and ability to two scientific schools of thought that they do not have . 
  so you do n't actually have an argument except an appeal to authority ? 
  i can point at the bible and say all the answers to both of your claims are in there as well . 
  hint : behavioural ecology does n't claim to know anything more about ethics than kin-relationships and altruism among non-kin . 
  you are making claims that behavioural ecologists would not make , which leads me to believe you have not read a single one of those books yourself . 
  / r/news never should 've been made a default . 
  if you want to live like isis , go join them . 
  this is 2015 in the usa . 
  if you think isis is a centralized state , i can see how you have deluded yourself into thinking rights ca n't come from them . 
  isis had a brief 3 month period where they had centralized command and control , now isis-controlled territory can best be described as tribal warlordism . 
   multicultural brothers, 
  ah , so you are a racist as well . 
  we do n't want your kind in cascadia , go down south . 
  is this a regional thing ? 
  my parents left a box of condoms on the kitchen table everytime they left for the weekend after the age of 15 , all my friend 's parents were pretty much the same way . 
  my dad used to tell us risque stories and jokes all the time as kids . 
  portland , or here . 
  you vastly underestimate ghost chili powder . 
  i did the same thing . 
  i made some fried fish burritos and coated the inside of the tortillas wrap with cream cheese , mayo , and a sprinkling of about 1/4 tsp of ghost chili powder added to 1 tablespoon of my normal chili powder . 
  even with the cream cheese it made the burritos inedible , and i regularly add whole habaneros to dishes . 
  do you think oregon state is it 's own country as well ? 
  people who rant against multiculturalism are universally racists . 
  no , it should not have , it was racist before it was made default , now it is mecca for racists to comment at length on the stories/issues of the day . 
  what reddit needs to do is start taking back the default subreddits , kicking the mod team , and banning 20-30 % of the commentators on their first posts . 
  would make a nice tile pattern . 
  people on / r/portland do n't care about facts . 
  they just like hating homeless people . 
  maybe we should send you rabid lynch mobbers to go join isis . 
  they have the pillory . 
  i am having no problems with beta drivers using an ati 5770 in the living room . 
  what we need eventually is a vulnerable persons tracker program on a smartwatch platform that can be used sans phone , and to make those watches paid for with medical insurance . 
  honestly , i am waiting for whatever comes after reddit , i 've given up hope of anything improving here . 
  someone has to figure out how to balance freedom of speech with filtering out the toxicness of discourse online . 
  will that mean giving up some anonymity or paying a fee , maybe . 
  i am willing to do both at this point . 
  can you guys smoke weed come july 1st ? 
  because i would love to go to one of your fundraisers where you have some 4-alarm bud for sale , just saying . 
  i had a maine coon that was like that . 
  their brains must be wired different because his kittens with a tabby were like that sorta too . 
  / r/news is a toxic hole and someone needs to plunge it . 
  it is all fun and games till you have to make the same thing for the 300th day in the row . 
  they have these in most metro areas . 
  it has been nowhere near that much and is in part due to lower amounts of abortion demand in the first place . 
  my old uni town had three abortion clinics in the 1990 's , and now it has one . 
  it is a sign of political authoritarianism where lying , cheating , and even killing for your team is justified because your ideology is so great and righteous that it will absolve one of anything one does to promote it . 
  these people are dangerous . 
  it is good to mix with .
