  thanks obama . 
  bernie sanders refuses to represent dumb americans . 
  that 's our word !, 
  bernie 's tenacity in fencing that attack off was the equal of [ quayle 's : * senator , you are no jack kennedy * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwxrnysmw4s ) moment , but for clinton . 
  i could no longer take her seriously after the way she name dropped and defended a warmonger like kissinger . 
  edit for emphasis on how evil kissinger is :, 
  this is n't any normal dude , this is henry ` let 's use total warfare against a mostly rural cambodia ' kissinger which was directly responsible for the rise of one of the most brutal genocidal regimes ever to exist on this planet . 
  is that what president clinton foreign policy will look like ? 
  bloodshed to shape the problem parts of the world and make it submit to american economic hegemony ? 
  that is all kissinger gave a fuck about . 
  he was crying wolf that china was about to invade the rest of the world in public -- to increase defense spending to continue his illegal se asian military adventure -- [ while secretly negotiating with them on a trade treaty ] ( http://nsarchive.gwu.edu/nsaebb/nsaebb66/ch-01.pdf ) . 
  duplicitous does n't even begin to cover this man . 
  i would surely hope that bernie sanders would repudiate clinton at every opportunity for being mentored by a man whose policies think the ends always justify the means . 
  kissinger has a lot of blood on his hands . 
  kissinger ca n't even fly into some countries because he would be arrested ... wtf are you on, 
  millions of dead = smart geopolitics ? 
  that is likely the first time violent regime change has been talked about negatively by an american presidential candidate . 
  kissinger is now hung around hillary 's neck like a stone . 
  let 's see how this adulation of hers plays out in the next 24-48 hours when political writers start churning out stories that educate folks about who kissinger was . 
  we as americans deserve better than a kissinger acolyte . 
  every progressive baby boomer i know loathes kissinger . 
  wtf was she thinking ? 
  is n't that her base ? 
  hillary clinton was the president of her college 's young republican party during that era , maybe that is why she is so enamored with kissinger . 
  no progressive from back then would hold up kissinger as an example to learn from . 
  he was universally reviled by the left . 
  after tonight i know hillary is absolutely not my kind of progressive . 
  does hillary have dementia ? 
  the left during kissinger 's reign were virtually unanimous in their disgust in his policies . 
  this was * the * guy who almost single handedly extended and expanded the vietnam war during an election cycle to get nixon a second term . 
  he is hated by veterans and progressives from that era both . 
  if you work at a job and get better at a job you should be paid more . 
  that simply is n't true in most retail and service positions anymore . 
  something had to be done because private corporations are abusing oregon for cheap labor and then making the rest of us pay for the inevitable social services that the employees need . 
  a living wage is n't just progressive , it shrinks government spending . 
  calling out rank hypocrisy by clinton is n't a low blow , it is a salient point . 
  translating rab c nesbitt is the holy grail of machine translation . 
  pair min wage to inflation . 
  her base are authoritarians like trump supporters then , and should be treated as such . 
  the service worker unions run the democratic political machine in nevada . 
  their members probably like the idea of a higher min wage . 
  wtf has clinton to offer them ? 
  she was a yellow windsock last night . 
  got to keep the friend of kissinger out of the white house . 
  i hope the usa collectively wonders why clinton is so fond of kissinger . 
  `` reliable supporters '', 
  she does well with 65 + baby boomers . 
  not all baby boomers . 
  what is great is that wal mart 's local managers will help their own employees sign up for ebt . 
  if hard work was enough for success in this country why are some people working 60 hours a week and scraping by ? 
  this is n't any normal dude , this is henry ` let 's use total warfare against a mostly rural cambodia ' kissinger which was directly responsible for the rise of one of the most brutal genocidal regimes ever to exist on this planet . 
  is that what president clinton foreign policy will look like ? 
  bloodshed to shape the problem parts of the world and make it submit to american economic hegemony ? 
  that is all kissinger gave a fuck about . 
  he was crying wolf that china was about to invade the rest of the world in public -- to increase defense spending to continue his illegal se asian military adventure -- [ while secretly negotiating with them on a trade treaty ] ( http://nsarchive.gwu.edu/nsaebb/nsaebb66/ch-01.pdf ) . 
  duplicitous does n't even begin to cover this man . 
  i would surely hope that bernie sanders would repudiate clinton at every opportunity for being mentored by a man whose policies think the ends always justify the means . 
  kissinger has a lot of blood on his hands . 
  hello manchildren . 
  this is one of those weird animes . 
  unsubscribe . 
  james woods is a d-list actor and probably knows carly fiorina because she is just another kind of loser . 
  they probably go to the same cocktail parties , where other failures orbit eachother like leftovers into a garbage disposal . 
  places where they get mad at the world for being so unfair to sort of wealthy/famous but not likeable/employable me . 
  rich people have lawyers who probably golf on the weekends with the judges in that same circuit . 
  wtf, 
  north koreans get paid too . 
  [ gender differences in criminal sentencing : do effects vary across, 
  violent , property , and drug offenses ? 
  ] ( http://digitalcommons.utep.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1001&amp;context=gang_lee ), 
   kissinger : `` you should also tell the cambodians that we will be friends with them . 
  they are murderous thugs , but we wo n't let that stand in our way . 
  we are prepared to improve relations with them . '', 
  who are this generation 's gonzo journalists ? 
  do they still exist ? 
  she is acting entitled to the presidency because the democratic establishment are facilitating everything to make that possible while not giving nary a fuck about what we as americans want in either terms of policy or being able to choose a candidate . 
  this is an anti-democratic power play for clinton and she should be ashamed of what her zealous pursuit of higher office has done to multiple political and state institutions . 
  also for those folks still undecided , she is not for legalizing marijuana . 
  ah , first brigader from sss , welcome . 
  kissinger was publically reviled by the left throughout the 20th century , where was hillary during this time period ? 
  the more i know about the real hillary , the less i like her . 
  the more i know about the real bernie , the more i like him . 
  europe would be confused . 
   the impact of this bombing , the subject of much debate for the past, 
  three decades , is now clearer than ever . 
  civilian casualties in cambodia, 
  drove an enraged populace into the arms of an insurgency that, 
  had enjoyed relatively little support until the bombing began , setting, 
  in motion the expansion of the vietnam war deeper into cambodia , a, 
  coup d\u2019\u00e9tat in 1970 , the rapid rise of the khmer rouge , and ultimately, 
  creating a power vacuum has consequences . 
  apparently hillary supporters do n't care about those consequences . 
  i 'm still voting for jill stein but bernie seems like an authentic progressive , clinton is a paleo-progressive , if anything . 
  i only vote for someone with earnest and long fought for principles i can identify and verify ; not political windsocks . 
  clinton is a paleo-progressive and she may be consummate and programmatic and experienced but i do n't trust her . 
  do you ? 
  hillary 's platform is the status quo , at best . 
  she wants to take a victory lap in the presidency while sweet talking to us rubes that she will look at every single thing standing between people that prevents them from achieving better social equality or some nonsense like that . 
  there is a wide continuum between fundamentalism/authoritarianism and pluralism/consensus-seeking in political ideologies . 
  you are making a false dichotomy .
