  still smokes . 
  wretched , utterly wretched for plane rides , there were still us carriers which allowed smoking all the way up until the 1990 's . 
  then the us forced everyone who used us airports to do the same . 
  i was on an internal flight in western china in the early 2000 's and they still allowed smoking , even the fucking pilot was smoking who i could 've grabbed from my seat . 
  i like mounties . 
  nas storage is cheap as fuck . 
  for the cost of a police cruiser 50k , you could fill up a 42u 20 amp rack with 200 + terabytes of storage , and afford cloud backup for a year . 
  how is that discrimination ? 
  if you are n't physically fit , you should n't be doing physical labor . 
  i do n't need someone dying on site and causing a fucking shitstorm to come down on us from the insurers . 
  i 'd have to see what regulations you are talking about because to my knowledge law enforcement costs about the same as any other datacenter gig . 
  the room we lease in the datacenter is across from the local government servers and i 'm 99 % certain that the police servers are in there as well . 
  there is no additional cost that i know of that they pay that we do n't . 
  so citation ? 
  yep , what is happening is that those ui/ux design philosophies in the 2000 's in the academic world are graduating from college and fucking up the www . 
  they are 20 year old know-it-alls who have suckled at the teet of apple their whole adult lives and now we all will suffer for it . 
  [ matthew postgate ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/aboutthebbc/insidethebbc/managementstructure/biographies/postgate_matthew, 
  ) blame him , he is the cto of the bbc . 
  ffs , there are startups who are working on ramen and red bull who can fucking run a mobile and desktop friendly site . 
  why the eff ca n't the bbc ? 
  that is their prerogative , not mine . 
  at least the danish normally live above sea level , unlike the filthy dutch . 
  oh fuck they hired trappers and skinned them . 
  turkey got the same f-16 's that the americans did , they have been working with lockheed for fucking 25-30 years now . 
  longer than the germans , so exactly where does it say that the turks are getting something other than the f-35a 's that they ordered, 
  i am sure they would like to know about this , considering that they believe they are currently getting the same as the americans . 
  dude , i am still waiting to hear how it is more expensive . 
  what does different standards mean ? 
  a 200-300 tb nas hooked up to a dell auto powervault is still under 30k . 
  we have that setup , i helped our it guys put it in . 
  even with all the bells and whistles like expedited tech support or whatever it was under 40k . 
  i work as a civil engineer mostly and do urban planning consulting , we deal with fuckloads of data at times . 
  our firm 's 10x10 cage with 8 ? 
  powered racks is still only 4k a month . 
  what makes police datacenter cost more expensive ? 
  i always imagined that the file they uploaded to the alien 's computers in independence day was finnegan 's wake . 
  yes , yes , and yes . 
  you might have to wrestle power from the dinosaurs who are still pushing models without real data behind them . 
  they are dying and retiring in droves though . 
  most police cameras are 720p which is 78 megs/m . 
  they are n't recording their entire shifts , they are only recording arrests . 
  even so , a 200 tb rack is under 10k nowadays . 
  cloud backup per 100 tb is what 5-6k a year ? 
  tape backup is ~ 20 cents a gigabyte . 
  that would be enough for 100 's of arrests per day , and with tape backups for over a year . 
  duolingo all the languages !, 
  saudis are pretty much what isis wants to be . 
  get the fuck out and do n't look back . 
  we have a 2nd generation american-saudi family down the street and the children wo n't even go visit . 
  call me old-fashioned but i like games with random epic drops . 
  having to spreadsheet for gear or open lockboxes is alright but there is something to be said for end game raiding or something like it . 
  that is how all police badgecams work , they have to be turned on or they are on a 30 minute loop . 
  this is n't the 1990 's , people just double or triple dupe tapes . 
  we have offsite storage for 20 years of tapes and it is like i do n't know 2000 a month with pickup ? 
  dlt tape data failure rates are well under 1 % ? 
  we 've had one tape fail in the time i 've been here . 
  the disks start failing at about 10 % after three years of usage . 
  `` during this massive migration process , hick and his team observed the center 's actual tape data reliability within its active archive . 
  the findings flew in the face of conventional wisdom : 99.9991 percent of tapes were 100 percent readable , representing a 0.00009 percent error rate . 
  of the more than 40,000 tapes that were read , only 35 contained some data that could n't be accessed . '', 
  i am seeing some fluvial erosion , surface water confirmed . 
  cops kill the mentally ill with impunity in portland . 
  what we need to start talking about is human values . 
  i 'd love to see a worldwide constitutional convention on human rights with elected representatives . 
  pegging is now in session . 
  yes , civil rights include association . 
  it does or the us would include more worker protections in trade treaties . 
  the only thing trade treaties have done in the past 50 years is take the dangerous jobs and ship them overseas . 
  bitcoin is n't stable enough to be treated as a currency . 
  let 's look at / r/drunkencookery, 
  lol , what ? 
  do you think most currencies drop 100 % in value over 6 months, 
  so only opposite sex marriage should be recognized ? 
  fuck off you bigot . 
  you sound like how a dumb person thinks an intelligent person talks . 
  no one cares what libertarians think . 
  a tolerant society must not tolerate the intolerant . 
  no , it is fortunate for those of us who do n't want to live in a jim crow south again . 
  except aids . 
  aids is forever . 
  most ideologies do n't think property rights are more important than civil rights , libertarians are uniquely assholish in that regard . 
  our local gym had a yoga instructor who yelled at pregnant women till they cried . 
  let 's be really , really honest . 
  the reason i went back to the gym is because i missed seeing my penis without using a series of mirrors . 
  civil rights include property rights , not sure if serious ... 
  looks like a pixar movie about tugboats and one has a massive bladder infection . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_hiv/aids ), 
  so what would happen if a civilian shot someone with an airgun ? 
  that does n't sound right . 
  crazy how powerful computers have become to emulate consoles like that . 
  fuck standardized testing , let 's get back to basics . 
  in oregon it was passed because pumping your own gas was considered dangerous . 
  gas is cheaper in oregon than surrounding states because liability insurance for gas stations is cheaper . 
  [ not as dangerous as the ones that you can hook up to your car . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9hxnscedvk ), 
  america should do this with the different states . 
  so how many good guys with guns were there ? 
  um , there are biker gangs in other countries . 
  they do n't have the scale of gun violence problems like in the usa . 
  instead of republicans in 2015 creating their own alternative policies they now only have to react negatively to obama 's .
