  it will bring out more depth . 
  key problem is access . 
  wheels on meals is a charity . 
  we need something that can bridge that gap , especially in rural areas . 
  i 've never seen iced tea in a jug like that in my life . 
  i was wondering where that was from , i started to think middle east . 
  they should do what other aaa + titles do and make separate crafting slots that are at least double the total amount of material types . 
  it is a few lines in a database , making people work a year to max it out is ridiculous . 
  they really need a general , material , pets , disguises , etc tabs that are all separate inventory slots . 
  limiting slots is f2p , not b2p . 
  them 's good eatin . 
  we used to mix vodka , orange juice , and walmart-brand energy drink together for parties till one time a dude left his clothes , wallet , and car behind and ran naked across campus . 
  they should make that a commercial . 
  that is n't saying much . 
  that would be like working with mussolini against hitler . 
  make it do a musical number with marionette strings . 
  no one is asking you to or cares . 
  wire was groundbreaking but there is nothing it did that other shows have not done better since then . 
  as a composite it is great but i am really sick of the fanboism about it . 
  same in portland , or . 
  70 % of black portlanders still live in the king neighborhood . 
  because you are the one who is advocating that the us ally itself with a murdering sociopath . 
  onus is on you sparky . 
  i 'm in oregon and happy with my federal congress critters , wtf is the rest of the country electing ? 
  so do it , tell us why we should work with a man who bombs elementary schools . 
  let us all bask in your brilliant geopolitical mind !, 
  assad has killed 100 's of thousands of his own people but you armchair generals want to make him an other saddam that we will have to deal with down the road . 
  he is one of three people on the planet that has used chemical weapons in the 21st century . 
  there is zero chance any nation on the planet will back him at this point . 
  so stfu about it already . 
  there are no good solutions atm except trying to get the iraqi army and peshmerga forces to control the iraqi side of the isis equation while bolstering what is left of the moderate rebels in syria . 
  you sound like an idiot who always thinks he is the smartest person in the room . 
  there is no chance in hell any nation on the planet will work with someone who has used chemical weapons against his own people . 
  why the fucking hell was the police car parked there ? 
  make him pay for any repairs . 
  thanks for the free well-fed cat . 
  for shitty corporate gigs , sure ; but in design , art , and engineering the old crufty cunts at the top are absolutely a hindrance to progress almost all the time . 
  utter shite , ieee does surveys every quarter and they are written in a cogent and coherent manner since i 've been reading and taking them , 20 years or so . 
  asme , same . 
  what hard stem people are you talking about ? 
  i highly doubt a phd , which is what almost every member ieee survey is chaired by needs to hire a writer . 
  maybe a few grad students , but ieee is by and large is staffed with ee professionals and academics . 
  here is a [ survey and the resultant white paper ] ( http://smartgrid.ieee.org/publications/ieee-smart-grid-survey ) from a few years ago on smart grids . 
  it looks pretty standard to me . 
  i do n't know a single masters or phd engineer who has as poor of communication skills as you describe . 
  paper shuffling soulless work like accounting , appraising , and b2b sales . 
  jobs for stiffs and non creatives . 
  the metro folks who work at the oz are so fucking high all the time . 
  well that says more about you than the show . 
  mentally ill season starts in a two weeks , get yer stickers !, 
  there is no pleasing fanboys . 
  that is why no one likes them . 
  if you are doing creative accounting , you are doing it wrong or illegally . 
  speak for yourself hooman . 
  he is pretty much a red piller , the worst mankind has to offer . 
  maybe you need to watch better television made in the last 5 years instead of being a diehard fanboy for a tv show that ended nearly 6 years ago . 
  the americans , mad men , true detective , transparent , fargo , boardwalk empire etc , all great television . 
  the wire might still be one of the best in the gritty underbelly genre but the fanboism and utter mania it inspires among people is just revolting . 
  when someone tells me the wire is their favorite show i know i 'm in for some blathering story about how it changed their pitiful little lives . 
  fuck those people . 
  the da , the public defender and the judge on any given trial have probably worked together 100 's of times . 
  if you do n't think that does n't lead to an `` understanding '' of how things get done , you have far more faith in the justice system than i. 
  she also never submitted a single philosophical paper to peer review yet claimed to be the greatest living philosopher of her time . 
  well , having a discussion about television in 2015 would be a lot nicer if you fanboys could just learn not to interject the wire into every fucking conversation , capiche, 
  also , by admitting you think the wire is the greatest show evah !, 
  i do n't care what you think about anything ; because your opinion is so common that it reveals more about you than the quality of the show . 
  meh , it is all about finding compatible life partners . 
  my wife and me can both be out of the door with a backpack and camping gear for a weekend at the gorge or the coast in 20 minutes or so . 
  my ex , who i am still friends with , is more of a homebody . 
  she is an artist on etsy and married a dude who codes from home . 
  i do n't think either are diagnosed but i would wager both have some sort of social anxiety thing going on . 
  they are happy though . 
  buddhism has a suggestion that people do n't use intoxicants but something like 80 % of buddhists drink . 
  i grew up buddhist , it is called the 5th precept . 
  also i know muslims who drink and smoke pot and jewish folks who eat pork and cheeseburgers , it is not really a big deal . 
  institutions are not merely conduits to reveal the will of the people who currently make them up . 
  the rules and regulations of institutions are slow incremental processes that will continue operating as they have in the past until a new consensus emerges . 
  because these people live in a bubble where people like me and you will never affect a single thing they do because we ca n't pay to play . 
  good , send in the army , that will settle this issue . 
  washington park has plenty of places to smoke or vape . 
  you can drink and be muslim or buddhist . 
  that is the reality of being in the 21st century . 
  your solution is never going to happen , so how could it be objective ? 
  no i 'm saying being a fanboy makes you a dullard to talk to . 
  i hope when i am that old i can tell stories that cool about shit i 've done . 
  he did not really get the steam going on that role until the 2nd or even 3rd time he played it , and then it was choo choo on the crazy train . 
  i hope they reboot dune now . 
  in its underbelly gritty slice of life way ; sure , it is great . 
  there is more to tv than a single genre though , and i do n't consider any television show as holy . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  ah , well it was happening in the late 1990 's when my ex worked there . 
  there are major criticisms of zinn as a historian , esp with respect to that book . 
  so try to be aware of that when reading it . 
  i 'm not being obtuse . 
  i 've heard all these things before ad nauseum about all three shows . 
  i could grab a random person off the street and he would probably have the same talking points to throw at me . 
  trust me when i say i 've heard almost the exact same points verbatim . 
  look , your opinion even is [ backed up with imdb ratings ] ( http://www.imdb.com/search/title?num_votes=5000,&amp;sort=user_rating,desc&amp;title_type=tv_series ) . 
  problem is , all three of those shows sit squarely within the gritty underbelly genre . 
  there are other genres besides criminal/policeman slice of life and cartoons .
