  japan does n't have magical cows in a magical land with magical people doing magical things . 
  the process can be replicated . 
  just how the best scotch in the world comes from japan nowadays . 
  first find a food you like eating out that costs a lot then find two or three recipes and try them out . 
  when i was going to college i learned to make my own pho , saving me tons during the winter months . 
  i had to go through half a dozen recipes till i figured one out i liked . 
  you should remake the six million dollar man with hugh and have his character go to physical therapy for a few seasons . 
  the ussr was the world 's largest importer of grains as early as the 1970 's . 
  get feminized seeds . 
  they send them by mail . 
  * 1 bottle bbq sauce, 
  * 3 lbs frozen chicken breasts, 
  slowcooker on low for 6-8 hours . 
  * finish with frozen stir fry mix last 20 minutes . 
  i have add bad and i vape when i get into a pickle in design but besides that it is just copious amounts of green tea . 
  is it justice to treat these girls as anything except severely mentally ill ? 
  it is our language now . 
  where the fuck do you live i go between three high end oregon dispensaries and when i see something 20 % + i do a double take . 
  she probably does n't even know how much insurance costs with the subsidies she qualifies for . 
  a lot of small business owners are whackjobs , esp bar owners and they put the fear of the free market in their employees everytime they get a min wage hike or in this case taxpayer-subsidized healthcare . 
  it is because the aca was half-assed , and we should 've pushed for single payer . 
  portland metro light rail had a few boondoggle development projects around some of its stations but they are all profitable and then some now . 
  took 20 years for the beaverton town center abomination to get running smoothly . 
  i heartily suggest every young engineer i meet have some experience with fabrication , technician , and/or cad monkey work in the industry they want to end up in . 
  have urban planning/ce professors told you that they have used this game for their classes ? 
  yeah , and there were a lot of people saying to be glad for anything . 
  so can seaports and airports . 
  fuck that and fuck your reasoning . 
  get a dashcam . 
  pretty much austin built out dozens of suburban projects in the late 20th century and most of them failed . 
  you can live cheaply in the failures . 
  are your children in wheelchairs ? 
  aristotle , who justified males ruling over females because the latter were like barbarians ? 
  that is your go-to guy, 
  something like this . 
  soup is going to be made differently each time . 
  it is more about learning a method and branching out from there . 
  i do n't try to justify bringing my bang bang guns on school property because of dead greek dudes . 
  that is just pathetic . 
  this is why we should let all constitutional matters go through a justice system based on ai . 
  except we absolutely have yahoos with lifetime appointments right now . 
  well , just know i am going to call the police everytime i see mouthbreathing gun brandishers on school property . 
  hopefully you wo n't try to kill anyone . 
  i would urge you to look into penis augmentation instead of carrying around a loaded firearm . 
  most lower income folks can get a decent ppo for around 100 bucks if they make under 24k . 
  / r/anarcho _ capitalism, 
  our princess is in gresham , do we really want her back ? 
  oh look , an anti democratic gun but , neat !, 
  i feel 10x safer as a pedestrian in ny than i do anywhere in a southern metro . 
  when i was living in emeryville it was 30-40 minutes commute by car or 15 minutes by bart , that was in 2005 . 
  temporary workers cost 20-100 % more than what the temp worker gets as a wage . 
  you are being fucked . 
  cloud is fine , just keep a local backup . 
  f360 i know outputs common file formats . 
  this is 2015 and it is almost impossible to hide war crimes . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  no reason to get a sad box just buy the right spectrum bulbs for the season . 
  also canned fish dishes . 
  salmon croquettes , tuna and mac , and herring pastas . 
  passenger rail in phoenix stopped in 1996 when the rerouted amtrak from phoenix 's [ union station ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_station_\\ ( phoenix , _ arizona \\ ) ) . 
  it was a helluva nice rail line to flagstaff . 
  i liked the one where he spent 600 pages describing how medieval siege warfare works not by telling you about the actual siege but the mostly mundane aspects of the denizens of the camp . 
  pre-soviet russia had a razor-thin middle class encapsulating the oligarchy . 
  everyone else was lucky to have more than one pair of pants . 
  let 's cause an international incident reddit !, 
  so do strippers . 
  man , i wish we could have a player-made studio for weapons and costumes in sto . 
  two cats attached to a stick would be cool . 
  i know it takes more modelling but a rooftop jumping part in an episode on mirror bajor would actually be hella cool . 
  sort of like bladerunner . 
  charter schools are horrible . 
  they take all the good students while leaving the public schools to take all the problem ones , and they still do n't do any better at lifting children out of poverty . 
  i bet some of the jews were really bad people too . 
  thanks hitler !, 
  it is freedom of speech , it might be annoying , but fuck outlawing annoyances when it comes to freedom of speech . 
  who gives a shit if a gop candidate has one or two reasonable policy positions when the vast , vast majority of their platforms are batshit insane . 
  marco rubio , for one , is a uberbigot who wants to constitutionally prevent homosexuals from being married . 
  i understand a lot of republicans are bigots , but they do n't get to cry to their mommies when they get called out on it . 
  either advocate less insane policy positions or be prepared for downvotes . 
  i am sure anal justice league is an astute observer of american politics and not a manchild who pouts when his politics or beliefs are questioned . 
  there is no such thing as a neutral political forum anywhere either online or offline . 
  stop demanding one and either win in the free marketplace of ideas or sod off . 
  yeah , i guess you need an engine designed for that as well . 
   generic , non-descript political forum to be close to impartial with obvious leanings based on user demographics, 
  lol , you are n't even self-aware . 
  i might as well talk to a wall . 
  dude that did that was arrested 10 minutes from my office . 
  they had like 50 cop cars to arrest one guy . 
  does n't mean the charter school has to admit kids with down syndrome or even adhd . 
  it does n't matter . 
  there will always be new group of suckers who can be convinced that marginally lowering their taxes -- and slashing them for the rich -- will allow them to move up the socioeconomic ladder . 
  this bloc of voters can be depended upon to vote against their own interests , because they refuse to recognize what class they are . 
  lol , we are talking about a three trillion dollar economy in the uk . 
  with almost 40 % of that passing through the government at some point . 
  the amount of people in charge of that who would have to be utterly incompetent to not notice the detriment to services , wages , and general quality of life for their fellow man is unfathomable . 
  they know exactly what they are doing , and they will continue to do it as long as they can . 
  they do n't . 
  if you want to be taken seriously kid , change your name . 
  public sidewalks are not private . 
  ok anal justice league .
