  that is n't an engineering position . 
  that is a technician or programmer position . 
  as a civil engineer , i 'd like some of what you 're vaping . 
  winco has great veggies because of the high turnover , same with meat . 
  my worst experience with meat is buying it from new seasons , where i now have to look at the expiration date on everything before i buy something from there . 
  safeway 's sales are cheaper than fred meyer . 
  no , you are right . 
  the high turnover rate for everything in winco means anything perishable is going to be on average fresher than even most upscale grocery stores . 
  winco also buys massive amounts of local produce , so you are often buying local when you shop there . 
  there is no reason to buy fresh vegetables for a stir fry . 
  just buy frozen . 
  i 'm just saying you are not ghetto at all , winco has one of the best supply chains for local produce from california and oregon . 
  that is less than 6 oz of chicken . 
  for 5.99 you can get 38-40 oz of frozen chicken . 
  my freshman roommate back in college now works in ceramic fabrication , i was talking to him on the phone earlier this summer , and their company snagged a dod contract to make some parts for a larger assembly that ends up in tanks . 
  you know all those tanks the army does n't want that congress had built anyway ? 
  guess what , they found a way to retrofit them with extraneous crap and keep the gravy train running . 
  most of these tanks will never even see training let alone combat . 
  next adventure, 
  who gives a fuck what the traitor states think about anything , and the west is one of the largest bastions of liberal college campuses in the country . 
  it is a mediocre lager , it is n't exactly terrible . 
  i believe the us has more art museums than all of europe combined . 
  almost 40 % of millennial women are pro-life , and they are increasingly making a progressive case for universal healthcare with free contraception as being a major component in reducing abortion demand . 
  fuck , we should be thankful we are dealing with progressive pro-lifers , at least they are willing to work with us across the aisle on things we both find beneficial . 
  i travel as a civil engineer between asia , europe , and the us . 
  i would say in most larger metro areas on all continents we are seeing a major turn in art walks/museums/monuments being heartedly pursued by both private and public institutions at a level that has n't been seen since the early 20th century . 
  we are now full stride into the 21st century , hold unto your hats . 
  it is going to get awesome . 
  who gives a fuck about the interior west, 
  silicon valley alone makes more cash than all of those states combined . 
  am i supposed to care what dirt farmers think now ? 
  i hope it allows us to mate our toons together to produce sim children who will run around the deck of our ships . 
  books are bought by their base , almost never read . 
  my mom has two shelves full of their dreck and she admitted to me that she has n't read much than the opening chapters in any of them . 
  she buys them to * support the cause * and * look informed * to her friends . 
  also some of the most racist people i have met in any civil rights movement . 
  my wife and i went to a march and the organizers were actively hostile towards any white people , even white folks who had been working against racism in our city for decades . 
  one young black woman got up in a old white man 's face because she said he had a different agenda . 
  dude was representing a non profit that works to reduce police brutality against minorities and had been working at it since before the young black woman had likely even been born . 
  these black lives matter folks need to police themselves better . 
  these folks think calling out their social marxist nonsense makes you some sort of right wing zealot , and they have routinely used any calls against their own zealotry for decades as a launching pad against their detractors . 
  they are vicious and conniving in getting out their message and they will utterly fuck up any institution or movement they can worm into . 
  sure , there are systemic institutionalized problems with prejudice in any institution , but these folks do n't want to temper problems with long term institutional changes , they want to take over the power and fuck over everyone they perceive as not being part of their narrow worldview . 
  their gay right 's wing are some of the most hateful people against transgendered folks . 
  to the point of not only excluding them from discussions about women 's rights but actively working against transgendered rights in general . 
  fucking nutcases , and this comes from an avowed social democrat who believes strongly in civil rights . 
  that is nice and cold-hearted and all but you do n't fucking understand the next stage in what is going to be happening . 
  as we invert the population demographics of a spread-out metro like portland , we are going to be paying a fuckload more on social programs long term . 
  why ? 
  because removing low income renters from a downtown core means those social services are now going to be in demand in the suburbs , which does n't have the infrastructure for it . 
  guess whose tax dollars are going to build out that infrastructure ? 
  it disheartens me when i am out with progressive friends who care more about the small business owner than the employees who work there . 
  i am relatively well off and so are most of my colleagues and friends , but i know a few knuckleheads who are more concerned about the charm a small business lends to the area than the wages that are needed for the workers in said business to live remotely close to where they work . 
  alberta neighborhood in portland has gone from 100k condos to 300-400k condos , and 800 a month rent to 1600 + , in five years . 
  most of the small businesses there do n't even pay 12.00 / hour . 
  whereas 10 years ago you had a large and vibrant artist and musician community , almost all new residents are either brogrammers or licensed professionals like doctors , lawyers , and shrinks . 
  microwave the potatoes half way to make it easier next time . 
  tibet was taken over for its water , without it southern china would be fucked . 
  i have orange for enemies and purple for friendlies . 
  as a former pastry chef who also worked line for a bit , it is all about being able to feel the bones and joints with your hands , it is a 50/50 visual/tactile process deboning birds . 
  if you go all visual it takes the longest . 
  some people can do it just tactile , and they are the fastest . 
  you can just use the end of onions as well . 
  i keep a freezer bag full of them for that . 
  progressive for the 1950 's maybe . 
  because mines are notoriously hard to prosecute as they use shell companies to do the extraction , sell it to the parent company , then they let the shell company go bankrupt and start over again . 
  there were anarcho-primitivists at the portland ows camp who made the whole fucking exercise pointless . 
  they could n't even muster the intellectual fortitude to demand better laws for the homeless . 
  they were off the rails nutso , and no one wanted to be associated with them after meeting them . 
  so the camp turned into a hobo warren until the police forced them off the park . 
  same shit with the tea party . 
  if you do n't have a cohesive platform that people can get behind , with a national organization backing it , you are going to be herding cats . 
  this is a nation of 300 million people , not a high school . 
  climate change really fucks with a lot of christians ' worldview , insofar as there is nothing in the bible about man being able to destroy god 's creation . 
  there are passages that speak obliquely about a darkness that god 's grace and light overcomes , but nothing about humans being said darkness . 
  the problem we have had with poorer applicants is that even the bright ones often lack decent communication skills . 
  when you apply for a position in a company it is imperative that one be able to effectively convey information . 
  we are not going to hire people who ca n't speak in plain coherent english . 
  even heavy southern drawls are n't a fit for our company . 
  eschatological readings of revelations aside , christian doctrine seems to be increasingly incompatible with the world as we know it through science . 
  of course there are meanings that can be fabricated through strained readings of the source material but these archaic and frankly wrong-headed beliefs should have no place at the table we forge scientific policy at as a society . 
  it galls me that christians elect politicians like this , internally select these people for committee appointments on scientific issues , and then have the -- / explicative / -- audacity to expect us to align our democracy to their views when the only way they know to maintain power is through a pulpit of fearmongering . 
  no , no i am not afraid . 
  i know we as humanity will find a solution to the inevitable consequences of 100 's of years of largely unfettered industrialization and growth . 
  lots of lower paid professionals in portland as well who are n't hipster at all . 
  civil engineers and architects in pdx make about 30 % less than similar metros . 
  mail in your vote . 
  takes 15 minutes . 
  any hawaiian and many japanese restaurants have a chicken katsu sandwich which is fried in panko . 
  i find it a superior product usually . 
  that is only for ones with short yellows to milk the taxpayers for ticket money . 
  if they were installed everywhere -- they should be -- with normal yellow periods , they would not cause more accidents . 
  people should follow the rules of the road , and if they ca n't they should n't be allowed on said road . 
  we have a tech who works 80 hours a week to support his family , and he has never once been late , and he is by far the hardest working person in it . 
  problem is that his skillset is n't the same as someone who went to college , and he got hired on at 12/hour and is only getting 90 day pay bumps . 
  college should be free , and imho it should be mandatory for at least two years . 
  this is 2015 , everyone should at least do two years at a trade school at the very , very least . 
  take my uncle , he got paid almost all of his compensation in company stock . 
  which was bought out by a larger company before he retired , he cashed out just paying capital gains taxes . 
  the shop workers who had pensions are fighting to get 60 % of what they were promised 20-30 years ago .
