  we can do that here too . 
  it is what it is could have been said for a lot of terrible things , like not having to wear a seatbelt or smoking in a bar . 
  this is 2015 for fuck 's sake , act like it . 
  median house price in some parts of the bay area went over one million two years ago . 
  it was because automobile engineering for british me grads was the lowest paid , and had far less prestige than aviation , rail , and heavy industry . 
  there really was n't a turnabout on that until the 1960 's . 
  maps.google.com , it has a public transit option for mapping . 
  takes mentors to make good automotive engineers . 
  tory-style and ukip-style populist authoritarianism are becoming unstable due to long term demographic changes that threaten their existence . 
  on the vast left there is a european or even human outlook on the importance and role of governance among the uk populace . 
  the right has been caught in a corner with xenophobia and poor shaming being the hate that binds them together . 
  that hate will lash out at anyone they perceive as endangering their slim grip on power , that is after all the nature of an authoritarian state . 
  they punish scapegoats to distract as they implement more and more policies that affect everyone , well except the elites in their system . 
  be they corporate or communist , in the end , their goal is to further entrench wealth and privilege in a few , while slowly screwing everyone . 
  high quality one-off engineering projects cost a fuckload of development , prototype fabrications , and then manufacture . 
  i would guess 3 months just for the retooling . 
  there is no cheap option . 
  you are literally buying time at a factory , an entire factory with 10 's of millions or even 100 's of millions of equipment with 100 's of employees . 
  oh , they are going to regret that . 
  keep all manufacturing as close as possible because when something fucks up you do n't have to airship , if it is even possible . 
  i 've had projects die for 2 months while the logistics were worked out for shipping . 
  those condos will be owned , not by young individuals but by institutions like property management companies . 
  they are turning all the cheap housing back into rentable properties , because there are no regulations to stop them . 
  in some places first time homebuyers are fast approaching 40 . 
  my parents told me , and it gave me a bit of an ego growing up . 
  what urban planning needs is less bitching and more people willing to lobby , cajole , and sweet talk the money needed to implement the already existing plans . 
  i think it is safe to say you are just an entitled asshole . 
  until we all can buy into a state pension plan most people do n't stay in jobs long enough to accrue enough for them to be worth it . 
  i strongly support the option of a state pension though . 
  still , most hrs run by that policy . 
  i have not seen a negative , truly negative ref in over a decade and we hire year round . 
  last one we had , dude had criminal charges for assault on campus . 
  yes . 
  bitcoin is a joke , not a currency . 
  some cryptocoin might work but it sure as fuck wo n't be bitcoin . 
  why do you guys have such small monitors ? 
  consumers are inching towards 27 '' as a baseline . 
  27 '' monitors are the price of 23 '' monitors from 6 months ago . 
  they are under $ 200 in most cases . 
  it is crazy how cheap things are getting . 
  does n't matter , it was flawed from the get go . 
  it will evaporate into nothingness soon . 
  for new purchases . 
  european sushi sucks unless you are paying out the ass . 
  6-7k and 60 days in jail or thereabouts . 
  i 'd rather choose my own adventure with the cosmos than read some shitty old bible with others . 
  we own two cars but drive them about 2-3 times a week . 
  i just do n't understand people who are driving 7 days a week in portland . 
  it is lazy to drive every day in an area that has awesome public transport ; and it contributes to gargantuan parking lot sprawl in the burbs . 
  some of those parking lots in washington county are bigger than city parks downtown . 
  bet those suburbanites watch hours and hours of primetime tv but have never walked to their local grocery store . 
  you know how i know this ? 
  it is because suburbanites wo n't shut up about the television shows they watch when you meet them . 
  dude , there is an outside . 
  use it , what is the point of living in oregon if you are spending 99 % of your time in either a retail store , a restaurant , your house , or work ? 
  there are a lot of cheaper cities to be inactive . 
  nah , i 'm really not . 
  burbs are twice as obese as downtown . 
  sounds like a rather mediocre and in the end pathetic life . 
  why do it here in portland ? 
  it was a nice sunny day out today and it looks you and everyone else mad at me for speaking to truth stayed inside and commented on reddit . 
  that is even more pathetic than i thought . 
  you could 've at least parked somewhere and waddled out for a bit . 
  this is exactly what is going on . 
  oligarchy . 
  usually over 60 % . 
  the people who are counting votes are watched . 
  we caught a [ tea party lady changing votes to republican in 2012 ] ( http://www.katu.com/politics/former-elections-worker-pleads-guilty-to-ballot-tampering-gets-90-days-204752281.html ) , she got 90 days only . 
  it is illegal in most states to change sales more than once in a calendar day . 
  hopefully , it has been over 70 % before . 
  most states are around 30-40 % . 
  double that , 69.5 % in 2014 . 
  you mean the usps workers ? 
  the envelopes are double sealed and you would have to reprint the ballots with at least three different security features . 
  they would also have to steam each of them open , apply adhesive , and reseal them . 
  not an easy task . 
  oregon has one of the most informed electorates in the nation . 
  go to any bar or coffee shop in the months leading up to an election and people eventually will gravitate toward talking about current measures and candidates . 
  you can still walk your mail-in ballot down to an official ballot box . 
  pioneer square usually has a line because people are dropping off their ballots after work . 
  with currently 70 % voter participation as of 2014 you are uninformed about how seriously oregonians take elections . 
  it would only take two voters on a route that the usps worker is stealing ballots from to bring the scheme to light . 
  when my ballot was two days late in 2012 , i spent three hours on the phone waiting to talk to a ballot official . 
  they had printing problems , and my ballot arrived that day . 
  only about half of people return the ballots via mail . 
  the rest are returned to ballot boxes set up around the state . 
  a fake ballot would be easily discernible . 
  there are three security measures on each . 
  so , i know there can be improvements but you should really read up on the system more . 
  the stuff you are talking about was talked about 30 years ago when they were designing the system . 
  i know how voter participation metrics work . 
  what you are incessantly arguing is that voting systems with increased voter registration will have decreased participation . 
  well that is only if you measure things as a percentage of auto-registered voters ; however , you would be increasing the total amount of people voting , which is a good thing . 
  is it not, 
  it is more secure because more people are participating , for one . 
  there are more people invested in outcomes , so the perpetrators of a voting rigging scheme would not only be dealing with the non-trivial technical issues but with the oregonians of all political persuasions themselves guarding the process . 
  for instance , unless the usps worker has the signatures of every voter whose ballot he signed , most of the ballots he casts will be flagged . 
  that is only one security measure . 
  again , read up on the system . 
  who will turn on the oligarchs first,
