  burn the cities ? 
  also , leave your guns at home while protesting . 
  it is n't the destination it is the journey . 
  tab-targetting would wipe out the nc race . 
  i wish they would just add some new and buffed faction pistols . 
  fuck anyone you want !, 
  you 're a big man !, 
  big man !, 
  what is the end game here ? 
  if these cities ca n't support themselves , more drastic measures than just ems are going to be needed . 
  maybe we need to start talking about wholly rebuilding cities with new fabrication technologies like 3-d printing ? 
  most powerful nation on earth ? 
  oregon ca n't pay for blm alone ... 
  so are using drones on civilians , your point ? 
  believing the epa and civil rights should be dissolved means he is more of a selfish asshole than anything . 
  he is the leading manchild candidate though . 
  comcast customer support are trained to be ruthless in getting more money from people , charter folks have a soul . 
  they were booing being made to think of something they know deep down was wrong . 
  this is what authoritarianism looks like people . 
  ciation ? 
  there are watersheds in china that are fucked for likely centuries . 
  i 've never heard of someone being executed for environmental crimes in china [ even after they threatened to do so ] ( http://www.fastcoexist.com/1682380/chinas-solution-for-dealing-with-chronic-pollution-execute-the-polluters ) . 
  source ? 
  politicians are affected by their families . 
  google billy carter . 
  he ran an efficient government , i 'll give him that . 
  he cut a lot of defense spending on bases in flyover states , which pissed a lot of people off but made sense in the long run . 
  there is no reason for bases full of tanks when a conventional ww ii-style tank battle is n't likely to happen ever again . 
  we have 10 's of thousands of mothballed tanks now . 
  cipro was also offered by tons of other private corporations and firms in the nyc and dc area who worked with the federal government during that time . 
  if your company did n't have a policy , that was because it did not plan for that contingency or have the skillset needed to react to it . 
  cipro sold out in many locations . 
   they really believe in is a government that does exactly what they want it to do, 
   four qualities : ( 1 ) `` limited , not responsible , political pluralism '' ; that is , constraints on political institutions and groups ( such as legislatures , political parties and interest groups ) , ( 2 ) a basis for legitimacy based on emotion , especially the identification of the regime as a necessary evil to combat `` easily recognizable societal problems '' such as underdevelopment or insurgency ; ( 3 ) neither `` intensive nor extensive political mobilization '' and constraints on the mass public ( such as repressive tactics against opponents and a prohibition of anti-regime activity ) and ( 4 ) `` formally ill-defined '' executive power , often shifting or vague . 
  rivers on fire is a feature !, 
  who needs the epa or clean water act ? 
   flint emergency manager darnell earley says ernst & young will assess the value of flint 's water system and the hurley medical center . 
  medical center is next for privatization . 
  i 'm sure nothing bad will happen this time . 
  [ wisconsin republicans want to pass a law that would repeal the weekend ] ( http://mic.com/articles/113406/republicans-may-be-trying-to-take-away-your-weekend#.s7nnzoat9 ), 
  i demand vs codpieces !, 
  because you do n't want abusers killing their victims to avoid life sentences or the death penalty . 
  anesthesiology as a field was increasing in safety until the 1980 's when the obesity boom took hold in the us . 
  being even slightly overweight increases your risk of death when being put under . 
  american manufacturing has been growing for the past 5-6 years , mostly do to automation . 
  what the hell can trump do ? 
  enact tariffs against china ? 
  that would be economic suicide . 
  do you want 30-40 % of americans working on assembly lines ? 
  can you imagine if russia was the lone superpower ? 
  is that what you want ? 
  name a single economic policy of trump 's . 
  it boggles my mind the quality of prenatal and postnatal care in the united states . 
  other countries bend over backwards to lower maternal death rates . 
  the us is the only nation in the industrialized world that has year after year higher maternal death rates . 
  it has to do with loss of inpatient hospital coverage but it also has to do with new mothers being forced to work till they are about to burst then to go back to work sometimes days after . 
  wtf america maternity leave should n't be 12 weeks of unpaid leave , we need paid maternity leave . 
  there was a woman here who had a double hernia during pregnancy , and was discharged within 48 hours . 
  she ended up almost dying by going to back to work because if she did n't she would lose her job , her kids , and her home . 
  pretty much a shark with the brain of a 10 year old . 
  fuck that . 
  this is why i think all women should wear decorative codpieces in public . 
  because covering up the crime does not increase the penalty , if the penalty for both child abuse and murder is the same . 
  either kill the kid and maybe get away with it or let the kid go and roll the dice . 
  most countries do n't have life sentences for anything short of murder , for this reason . 
  there are some horrible crimes out there but justice can be served with sentences short of the death penalty or a life sentence . 
  especially when many countries continue to confine the most dangerous sexual predators indefinitely in mental institutions after their sentences or use intensive monitoring for them after release . 
  40 years is half of a lifetime . 
  this guy when he gets out -- if he lives that long -- will be a senior citizen with a parole officer . 
  add a tablespoon or two of sugar if you want teriyaki . 
  nothing like getting two stickies on max who walks back to his entourage and blows them all up . 
  * hey guys !, 
  what do you think of these cool flashing red orbs on my face ? 
   what would this largesse cost ? 
  mr bush 's number crunchers reckoned his plan , which is modest in comparison , would reduce annual receipts by $ 376 billion , or about 7.5 % , by 2025 , before accounting for its effect on the economy . 
  allow -- optimistically -- for a boost to growth of half a percentage point per year , and the cost falls by two thirds . 
  ** mr trump provides no such detailed estimates but claims ** , incredibly , that his plan pays for itself . 
  in his press conference , mr trump suggested that under his stewardship , the economy might achieve annual growth of five or six percent . 
  that would certainly pay for huge tax cuts , but is a fantasy . 
  he has gone on record on repealing the civil rights act . 
  find a local [ sons of norway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sons_of_norway ) for language help . 
  civil rights at the whim of the majority are not civil rights at all . 
  you are welcome future generations who will get to see a documentary that mentions dildos about this turbulent time after the us elected a black president . 
  it is like a recruitment anime for the jdf . 
  what about incest ecchi ? 
  how do you explain that ? 
  i like it , execute all of them . 
  hot peppers increase the serotonin levels in your brain . 
  so no more hot curries ? 
  sanders is a respected and long serving senator who has worked pragmatically for decades on the issues of the day . 
  i 'm going to guess that it is you who are the young one . 
  clinton has a fraction of the support sanders does in the senate . 
  because trump has almost zero good press . 
  there are postings about trump being a sexist or a xenophobe here a plenty . 
  sanders has been a co-sponsor for nearly 200 bills passed into law . 
  want to guess how many clinton has ? 
  this is authoritarianism , expecting the authorities to solve social problems through force . 
  there is always chemical or physical castration but most states do not not allow it . 
  it works at times , but is considered barbaric . 
  i think imprisoning these people for life is probably more barbaric * if * they can be controlled through castration .
