  the world ca n't just be split up into halves , it is far more complex than that . 
  that being said , the fervor of the bernie sanders campaign being described as somehow fundamentalist in tone is a stretch at best . 
  2d girl only girl . 
  i 'm not a democrat , i 've never been one . 
  i 'm a 20 + year long member in the [ pacific green party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_green_party ) -- at least when it comes to federal elections . 
  i followed a cute socialist girl i knew from my part-time job into one of their meetings at a community college campus . 
  i was 17 . 
  great summer . 
  a problem that indicates a need to better oversee policing powers with better legislation . 
  kissinger : `` [ nixon ] wants a massive bombing campaign in cambodia . 
  he does n't want to hear anything about it . 
  it 's an order , to be done . 
  anything that flies or anything that moves . '', 
  norquist supported apartheid in south africa . 
  like by going there in the 1980 's as a budding slime and helping them appeal better to to the american public . 
  he is the slime of slimes . 
  does she think we are dumb ? 
  he is a true believer . 
  that coal mining people part of her speech during the debate was contrived , it did n't ring true at all . 
  / r/news deleted the scalia story and / r/undelete has gone insane . 
  trump will run a reality show from the white house on c-span to pick the nominee . 
  i want to see them talk about kissinger . 
  he was a man addicted to stressful situations . 
  can we send robots to take care of them ? 
  clean water is a right and fuck anyone who says it is not . 
  politics + sausage made = joke, 
  this is what happens when folks pay people a lot of money to tell them everything will be fine and it is n't . 
  clinton was deluded into thinking that tar and feathering sanders as a socialist would make him a speed bump on her ascent to the presidency . 
  she was wrong , very wrong . 
  now there are three federal investigations into hillary clinton . 
  she will act like a cornered animal soon . 
  i do n't understand how anyone in the dnc could put forth resources into a candidate being investigated by the fbi , doj , and god knows who else . 
  was there not a single other female candidate to go with ? 
  i understand the want to finally get a female perspective into the wh , but why clinton ? 
  exactly , there is zero tradition for this . 
  the gop is attempting to jam false history down our throats . 
  do want the gop jamming things down your throats ? 
  because she expected women to vote for her because she is a woman . 
  not because she holds feminist values close to heart when determining policy . 
  even if she holds those values , we have her now acting through surrogates stein and albright haranguing women who choose to vote for anyone but hillary . 
  it is disgusting . 
  lol , yeah people are n't going full time because they get 140 bucks a month in food stamps . 
  those fat cats !, 
  the price floor for labor in most markets could be raised with little effect on most jobs . 
  why not both, 
  identity politics worked well in electing both clintons in the past . 
  except hillary did not expect women , esp young women , to choose socioeconomic interests over voting for her because she has a uterus . 
  well , i for one , did not like being called a sexist if i would n't vote for her . 
  fuck shame-me-into-voting-for-you politics . 
  3d print a replacement for the hemisphere , apply some bio-adhesive , and stick it in there . 
  those are civil rights of all americans , your point ? 
  according to you ? 
   the food and nutrition service ( fns ) is amending supplemental nutrition assistance program ( snap ) regulations that secure civil rights protections for snap households and applicants . 
  the nondiscretionary change complies with an amendment made to the food , conservation , and energy act of 2008 which specifically enumerates four statutory protections that must be complied with by state agencies in administering snap . 
  this nondiscretionary change to the regulations is not expected to have an implementation impact on snap state agencies , as they have been subject to such statutes for several years . 
  you had no idea , did you ? 
  do n't just comment about things you know nothing about , it wastes people 's time . 
  snap has enumerated civil rights legislation attached to it and is n't a civil right itself ? 
  how so ? 
  if any state tries to eliminate snap benefits , what exactly do you think is going to happen ? 
  i 'll tell you what will happen . 
  the doj will take that state to court for violating the civil rights of american citizens . 
  so , again , nice try ; but you are n't really informed enough to waste time on . 
  any progressive baby boomer i know loathes kissinger . 
  he was like cheney 's palpatine . 
  ffs this is a community not a product . 
  wut nixon had the caa , cwa , and epa shoved down his throat after vetoing them . 
  he did n't pass jack shit . 
   president nixon actually vetoed the clean water act out of a stated concern for `` spiraling prices and increasingly onerous taxes . '' in his october 17 , 1972 statement on veto , president nixon complained about the '' staggering , budget wrecking $ 24 billion '' provided for in the bill , and `` hope [ d ] , with millions of taxpayers , that at least one third plus one of the members in one house will be responsible enough to vote for the public interest and sustain this veto . '', 
  when the vietnam war was raging the [ democratic establishment fought against mcgovern ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_mcgovern#1968_presidential_and_senate_campaigns ) , the only candidate opposed to it . 
  too many shitty libertarian manchildren for it to be a coincidence , are we being brigaded ? 
  he is n't a monster , but he is hardly qualified to run a country . 
  so you think the right to vote should only be given to those who have free time ? 
  so why do you spend time participating in the ksp community , if there is no community ? 
  so libertarian manchildren are just here naturally ? 
  if yous think ksp is just a product , why the fuck are you here ? 
  leave at least one small fan in your house on all day . 
  jesus christ , does half of this subreddit have reading comp problems ? 
  i 'm 40 and when i was in college this 5th wave of feminism was sweeping the land . 
  the whole white-male-cis privilege bullshit . 
  i 'm progressive , but we should be pointing out who is fucked over by the system not who sometimes benefits . 
  i would 've hoped that the 5th wave would have taken up a single cause to champion like parental leave , but nope . 
  90 % of my interaction with these folks have been negative . 
  we need a millennial 6th generation of feminism that champions socioeconomic solutions to problems that affect those least well off to get shit done . 
  fuck this divisiveness . 
  fellow redditors , this is a very , very good lifetip . 
  never call a national flower shop chain , they are all scams . 
  i have to buy flowers for work since they took away my admin assistant ; and it is common knowledge that googling a local flower shop , checking the reviews , and giving them a price is the best option every time . 
  in the coming centuries imagine how many grad students will use your conjuring of the data as a resource . 
  do it for them . 
  autotuned overproduced garbage to my ears . 
  i can laugh at it , but not listen to it seriously . 
  i was among two kasich supporters and they thought the same thing about the audience . 
  it is shameful how the gop/democratic party are attempting to use ruses upon us . 
  fuck them , and fuck their establishment candidates . 
  america demands authenticity . 
  a very , very dangerous old boys club . 
  he just wants to play a different obstructionist game where he can grandstand in a confirmation hearing . 
  let them , and it will be a constitutional crisis . 
  post inflammatory stuff on an alt like about american knock offs being better .
