  i 'd like to hear what the state of the art for terraforming is . 
  i would awesome you would get some sort of confidence man genes . 
  amber case is brilliant . 
  but what if i want to weave silk that is as close to 0 reflectivity i can manage . 
  i 'd love to have see through silk pajamas . 
  there is a few northern african dishes i 've had that had blue garlic in them . 
  ca n't remember them off the top of my head though . 
  planes should have an [ rcs system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reaction_control_system ) . 
  yeah . 
  that is pretty much what mma tournaments are like . 
  100 's of private jets are in any airport when one of those things is happening nearby . 
  who can blame them ? 
  human life even in 2015 is treated as a commodity , and usually a cheap one at that . 
  average salary worldwide is still under 10k a year . 
  you can buy a human slave in europe right now for double that . 
  just need to know some slavers . 
  you still are taking 12k dollars a month take home pay , you are absolutely insane if you think even a million dollar condo would make you `` middle income '' unless you think 7k a month after mortgage and insurance is not enough to live on . 
  i do n't think you make 200k a year . 
  an example : the capital investment to open up a small metal fabrication shop has hovered around 300k for over a decade , but the productivity has increased dramatically . 
  you can recoup 300k with a single job if you are lucky . 
  what do you think of a simulation like kerbal space program for all potential career fields ? 
  could we hook them all together into an educational/entrepreneurial mmo that would adapt and structure itself individually to each student ? 
  i would think the benefit of having millions of peers and mentors in such a place would be immeasurable . 
  [freedcamp.com ] ( https://freedcamp.com ) for your ideas , go to local meetups , and work on other people 's projects so they will be likely to work on your own . 
  startups are 80 % showing up . 
  they might still fail but getting a project to mockup is something that is happening 10 's of thousands of times per day worldwide . 
  authoritarians are able to contort anything to play out their ideology . 
  there are some people out there voting for republicans who honestly believe jesus is coming soon . 
  those will be connected to kids who are flushing genetically engineered monsters down the toilet , could be fun . 
  space marine mario . 
  the problem with that is that the authoritarian electorate thinks they are informed . 
  lack of critical thinking skills for even basic scientific questions is horrendous in america 2015 . 
  we have people in the senate that believe in the biblical flood but not climate change . 
  would you like some free bitcoin, 
  come unarmed to sector z-78 beyond the river on fire for 1000 satoshis . 
  to spend 12k a month with a million dollar condo , you would need to spend 200 dollars a day on expenses . 
  that is not middle income . 
  yep , we have neighbors -- an oncologist and a cio -- who had to go into their 401k for a civil fine and judgement . 
  dude bought a brand new speed boat and totaled it in an area with swimmers . 
  almost killed a family . 
  should 've had his driver 's license revoked as well . 
  i walk to work most days and he drives along the same route like a maniac . 
  it is all backstreets so never any cops unless a domestic violence incident happens usually . 
  9.0 would turn portland into beyond the thunderdome times . 
  unless we mandate regulations dealing with high density housing we will look like the bay area in 20 years where the median house price is over 600k , and in some places over 2 million . 
  this is due to the cities in the bay area fighting tooth and nail in the 20th century against high density development . 
  even with a commuter rail between san jose and san francisco with 100 's of thousands of apartments and condos nearby , it is still not enough to absorb population growth . 
  from a colleague that works there he said that you could tear down every single family unit in san francisco , build out european-style 4-5 story units , and still be over 500k for a two bedroom condo . 
  this wo n't change until we get high speed rail and fully engage with a regional polycentric 21st century urban planning model . 
  we simply are putting too much strain on metroes to adapt by themselves . 
  they have to be linked together with reasonably fast modes of transport between them . 
  what do you mean ? 
  russia ai n't important . 
  ask what professional conferences or academic symposiums he goes to each year -- comic con does n't count . 
  protip underachievers : it really does n't matter if you have a 400 iq if the most active thing you do is play video games and the most academic thing you do is theorizing about anime/scifi/mlp on reddit . 
  most female folks do n't want to watch you play video games and garrulously go on and on about your fan theories for the next 40-60 years while you are working a low level it job . 
  we got a demo unit at work , it is pry in the warehouse somewhere . 
  we should send in some interns to find it . 
  / r/deepintoyoutube, 
  where shall the uk send the overflow from the debtors prison this time ? 
  [ which is the game in about half of europe . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index#/media/file:transparency_international_2014.png ), 
  one of the most widely read essayists in the late 20th century ... 
  entitled drivers who need to be ticketed out of their licenses . 
  driving is a privilege , not a right . 
  whoever was running the machine was n't paying attention or did not care . 
  the sidewalk is not part of the roadway you entitled asshole . 
  if you ever go unto the corner of a sidewalk even by accident , you should lose your license permanently . 
  people could be there , cars never , ever should be on a sidewalk unless crossing it parallel . 
  i have driven for 27 years without going over a sidewalk while turning on a corner . 
  utterly untrue about help desk and tech support . 
  baby boomers are retiring and companies are n't running huge it budgets anymore trying to teach them how to use a computer . 
  we 've cut our firm back from a high of a 12 person it/help desk team in the 1990 's to 4-5 today . 
  sysadmin , same thing . 
  our onsite data center team from the 00 's was laid off and everything moved to a colo cage with 1000 's of other businesses using the same datacenter support team . 
  as a soon to be parent . 
  if you have any intention of having children , you need to buy a condo for them now in many markets . 
  by 2040 prices will have doubled or tripled in some places . 
  a 40-50k condo in the middle of nowhere will be 140-150k . 
  wages are not going to raise that much for most classes unless there is a bloody revolution . 
  it is estimated that by 2050 we will be looking at three generations of americans doing worst than their parents . 
  box of 4 boca burgers near the university 2.50 . 
  near my relatively wealthy neighborhood where i live 5.99 as of yesterday . 
  eggs are almost 6 dollars , and the store brand bread is 4 . 
  you can make your own freezable veggie burgers , there are like hundreds of recipes online . 
  they are cheap as fuck . 
  lentil burgers with potato flakes to hold them together are like 20 cents each . 
  try these [ lentil burgers ] ( http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/vegan-lentil-burgers.html ) as a base recipe . 
  i would substitute half of the breadcrumbs with instant potatoes flakes , it will make them less crumbly and easier to handle when cooking . 
  when me and the wife make lentil burgers with a similar recipe , we figured we were spending less than a quarter a patty . 
  might want to learn how to sharpen pitchforks as well . 
  it is inexcusable how much wealth is being vacuumed upward . 
  it is illegal . 
  well surely he will be just as accepting of racism directed towards him , right ? 
  probably does n't have a gf either . 
  do n't grow unless you have the chops to back it up either . 
  it can be very , very expensive to grow . 
  that does n't excuse truckers from recklessly endangering lives . 
  sidewalks are for pedestrians . 
  you know how they solve this problem in other cities , they forbid certain lengths of truck on certain roads .
