  99.9999 % of keyboards i see in offices are the hp/dell/apple membrane variety . 
  mechanical keyboards in an office in 2015 are for dicks , and dicks only . 
  i have a corsair r70 at home , and it is currently in the closet . 
  i far prefer razer 's membrane tech , and so does my wife . 
  imagine not having to own a car . 
  that is what it is like . 
  good thing my firm does n't base office policy on how fast you can type ; well , unless you are an admin assistant . 
  they still do n't get mechanical keyboards . 
  also , i have both , and i read the same subreddits and reviews you did . 
  most people only notice a marginal change in wpm . 
  i suspect the increase in distracting clickity-clackity noise makes the workers marginally less creative , even if they are slightly more productive mechanically . 
  it really is n't about tactile feedback ; it is about respecting the shared work environment with other human beings . 
  yep . 
  same thing with speakers on desks . 
  our firm is headphones only , membrane keyboards , and everyone except it and hr have their own office , even though some are only 8x12 . 
  we have shared workspaces but we do n't have to use them . 
  if you have to work in a shared workspace with intellectual creative or / mundane work , you should always attempt to minimize sound . 
  that is a basic rule of etiquette in almost any office i 've ever been in . 
  where exactly do you work, 
  thanks for you combo pop psych/work eval kid . 
  true professionals do n't interject their comments with lame insults that when read make one sound like an entitled manchild . 
  let me just go back to burning leaves in my front yard unless my neighbors are up front about it , because thing is better for me and fuck everyone else . 
  spoken like an uncreative . 
  every one of our it guys before 2004 or so was a hs grad , maybe some college . 
  there is no reason for even a two year degree for help desk work . 
  spoken like someone who was n't even out of grade school when mechanical keyboards were the norm . 
  offices are so much quieter than 20 years ago . 
  um , mechanicals require more force to use . 
  i researched this when i was getting finger numbness after long gaming sessions in my early 30 's . 
  a membrane keyboard can require half the force , laptop and half height keyboards are even more sensitive . 
  open offices are awesome , so long as everyone has their own office as well . 
  membrane and mechanical are both around 50-60 normally , however top end half-height membranes can be as low as 20-30 . 
  mechanical bottoms out at twice that . 
  that is because it makes twice as much sound . 
  on the down and up stroke . 
  yeah , we have those and our own offices , smaller than they used to be though . 
  it is a civil engineering and urban planning firm . 
  it is pretty common in my field . 
  the first firm i worked for worked in an old law office . 
  i had a 20x30 american gothic revival office in my 20 's that smelled like eggshells , cigar smoke , and plaster when it was damp . 
  also had a wall of file cabinets taking up a 1/4 of the space . 
  now i work in about half of that but with no file cabinets . 
  i also have a home office and a shared workspace in a incubator across town . 
  office space is cheap in most places still . 
  it makes twice as many sounds because mechanical keyboards make sound on the down and up stroke . 
  i do n't think any of you worked in an office when these things were the norm and how happy everyone was when membrane keyboards came out . 
  we are a civil engineering firm , the work can be tedious or engaging from project to project . 
  when we are designing something that has to co-exist in a built environment for a long , long time it can be a very humbling experience . 
  for many of us , this requires a period of quiescence before we get down to the nuts/bolts , structures/substructures of the project . 
  we can be working on a dozen projects at once . 
  all of them at various stages . 
  so we try to have an almost monastic vibe to our shared spaces . 
  no one wants to make an ugly white elephant that will be town down in their own time . 
  i suppose programmers are similarly attached to their projects , no, 
  portland has nike/intel in the western metros . 
  that money is what makes hipster children in the center of pdx possible . 
  a good half of these kids have been in college for 8 + years . 
  is n't spoken word rap dead yet, 
  robocops should 've been shooting into the building from the street . 
  large tech campus , but it would be in a commercial fridge . 
  these are mostly homebound manchildren in their late 20 's who have had no social interaction outside their family since statist highschool says . 
  no they were once niceguys and since that did not get them laid they are playing cartoon villain . 
  these people are n't part of human society outside the internet . 
  manifest manchild destiny . 
  except it is a bad idea to hire someone who is overqualified for a position who will just leave at the first opportunity . 
  that is n't even enough to qualify for a 100k condo in most of the country without a really big down payment . 
  most hedge funds are n't any better than buying an index fund if you are going to actually invest for 10-20 years . 
  anyone who thinks differently probably does n't own either . 
  how the fuck is matching an index fund in performance worth billions ? 
  can we start banning the sexist manchildren here, 
  your writing skills are atrocious . 
  maybe if you were more articulate , people would be willing to pay you more money . 
  because the midwest has been suffering through decades of their best and brightest leaving for the coasts . 
  private wells are illegal to get in most of incorporated socal . 
  the problem is in a few places it is still legal , and it is getting so bad that the state has to step in over local water boards . 
  in some places they are getting high uranium content in their wells . 
  maybe the rich will die off or become ghouls . 
  it is great for the people who live near cedar hills in one of the richest areas of the portland metro while in the south tualatin tech and industrial parks -- which employ more people -- do n't even have basic bus service at all . 
  it is a one mile walk from the commuter rail station , the farthest industrial park is almost ten miles from public transport , yet you see people walking up and down that road at all hours of the day/night to get to/from work . 
  15 % is top capital gains rate for individuals in the united states except for property investors because of the like-kind provisions in the tax code . 
  you can buy a rental property and then sell it , buy another one , and pay no taxes on the sale , over and over again . 
  all the while being able to use that property as equity to finance other investments . 
  the only thing you get stuck with is property taxes and taxes on the gains from the rent itself . 
  why should landlords pay less than the people they are renting too ? 
  i have homeowner 's insurance and extended coverage/repair on all my major appliances . 
  the last time our dishwasher broke i had a new one in less than a day . 
  cost me an extra 120 bucks for 5 years . 
  our mortgage was paid off 4 years ago . 
  property taxes are a few hundred bucks a month . 
  except that it is becoming evident that domestic hiring of engineers in those countries is increasing even faster . 
  engineering , like medicine is a major export for developing countries . 
  those countries are now building massive infrastructure projects domestically , so expect the availability of cheap outsourced engineers to peak soon , if it has n't already . 
  # 30 is the average cost for two meals and a drink each . 
  you have a grossly inaccurate view of the average cost of a meal for average folks . 
  they actively subvert breast feeding in poor countries to sell baby formula which increases poverty and malnutrition all at once ; and let 's not forget , they used to do it in the united states as well before the fda told them to fuck off . 
  the flow of cheap consumer goods into france . 
  which would have the middle class in riots within a month . 
  poor people have been beaten down in france as in most other postindustrial societies , and they now grudgingly accept their privations . 
  if france wants blood on the streets it can start breaking international trade deals and all of the sudden what is left of the middle class will be shocked to discover it can no longer buy cheap chinese or american goods . 
  middle class folks like to think of themselves as more well off than they are , and when forced into poverty they are the ones that are the most dangerous in attempting to claw back to where they feel they are entitled to economically .
