  600 million people in china make about the same as 30 million american workers . 
  so that means less folks are making it from poor to middle class , which is what china 's government has been promising non-stop since the early 2000 's . 
  growing chinese domestic consumer demand with such weak growth also becomes a problem . 
  which means more imported consumer goods from overseas . 
  8 % is not the end of the world , but it is a major problem for a country trying to grow their middle class from nothing . 
  it is where the problem of allowing self-selected sociopaths on campus starts . 
  `` i got used to killing and after a while it became something i really had to do , '' he wrote . 
  `` killing becomes a drug , and it is really addictive . '', 
  he went on to write that killing was something he really needed in order to feel like himself . 
  yeah , exactly the sort of people we should be using college resources on . 
  no , that is not what is happening . 
  automation means more and more manufacturing is coming back to roost in western europe and the usa . 
  fuck , they are paying 30 an hour for tooling jobs here in oregon with just an associates in me tech . 
  because america has had cyclical backlashes against sex liberation since its inception . 
  i honestly wonder if the people that self-selected to go to the americas for religious reasons were genetically cold fish moralizers . 
  it is a fucking civil right and should be codified in our constitution . 
  after you pay 250 dollars for a doctor visit without insurance in those states . 
  you mean like government programs to expand transit hours ? 
  we need to be able to land airships with supplies to these regions . 
  why do n't we have huge airships that can do that ? 
  literally ... 
  if a university does not accept rotc they get zero fafsa dollars . 
  that does not happen if they do n't accept americorp . 
  so why do n't you take your authoritarian worship of the armed forces somewhere else ? 
  adults not prone to violent outbursts are talking . 
  yeah being a major transit hub for sex slaves must be awesome . 
  `` jakarta , indonesia ( cnn ) -- `` people see me as a strong woman , '' sunarsih says , `` but i was broken inside . 
  i was always crying but i do n't want other people to see my cry . '', 
  such a civilized nation . 
  if you do n't believe in the 1st amendment why do n't you move somewhere else ? 
  as a proud american , i do n't have to worship volunteer soldier boys who went off to kill brown people for sport . 
  civil rights lawyers protect more american values than american soldiers in the 21st century . 
  your brain is just afraid of so many things that you countenance violence as the only solution . 
  how are you any different than isis ? 
  well , there was major backlash against adultery for men which helped lead to prohibition . 
  i think a lot of the onus has been put on women since abortion became a wedge issue . 
  i am just going to poke you some more . 
  you are almost amusing . 
  depends on the area . 
  most metro fast food gigs can afford to be choosy . 
  lots of folks with years upon years of experience out there . 
  in a larger metro it is better to start with your actual training/skill set . 
  studios here are hitting 1k per but we are also under 4 % unemployment and only 1 % rental vacancy . 
  bay area is fucked . 
  it is getting so expensive for real estate there that they are losing out economically , both bleeding white collar jobs , and being forced to pay 2-3x wages for lower skilled jobs . 
  look at those prices . 
  median house price in oakland is tending towards 1 million dollars , lol . 
  it is a ridiculous real estate bubble . 
  also , because the tech jobs skew so hardcore towards men , sexual demographics are getting screwed up . 
  urban planning wise , every single family home in south san francisco should be razed to the ground and replaced with affordable high rise housing . 
  here we do n't even do in person interviews for most starting gigs -- anything under 1000/week ; we just do them over the phone after a scouring of their online stuff . 
  who the fuck has time for in-person interviews for entry jobs anymore ? 
  you get like 200 applications for 12/hour gigs these days . 
  when i click on a paywalled website it goes to localhost . 
  i started blacklisting them about 10 years ago myself . 
  portland , or . 
  motels are full . 
  meh , they are still shit for the most part . 
  what if my ex-gf stops being crazy ? 
  should i go back to her, 
  that is n't downtown . 
  49 females and finance do n't mix . 
  matt groening originally wanted her to have bunny ears underneath . 
  if you are making jojos -- pacific nw-style battered fried potato wedges -- you cook them alternating with your fried chicken . 
  damn , i need to make some . 
  same thing with beef/pork . 
  chicken , mozz , and fries are the only ones that can be screened that i 've seen . 
  forgot about pastries but you are right . 
  i think the most pungent we ever dealt with was frog 's legs . 
  they originated in idaho/eastern oregon from a southerner who had moved there to feed the workers in the potato fields i thought . 
  that was the story i got when working in the resorts of the area when i was much younger -- 90 's -- so do n't know how true it was . 
  it is like a gaping anus inexplicably making slurping sounds . 
  except she knew almost no one in the industry when she was there and has utterly distanced herself from them since then . 
  she was an axman , nothing more , nothing less ; and unless she plans on deporting americans in the middle of the night there is nothing in the whole litany of her business career for her to run on if she was honest about it . 
  what is fucked is that sort of nepotism went away at stanford in the 1990 's only to come back because of tech parents stacking the board . 
  a whole new gaggle of ~ ~ rich idiots ~ ~ scions of the tech industry are waiting to be given their diplomas and to wreak havoc on whatever is left of america when they graduate . 
  what we need to reclaim is the mantle of being american . 
  people who want to take away healthcare , food benefits , and marriage rights from other americans should n't be able to wrap themselves up in our flag without feeling like a hypocrite . 
  the democrats and bernie are the only people proposing solutions that benefit the vast majority of americans . 
  that needs to be shouted in the face of these fools till they either get it , or get out of the way . 
  what was the alternative ? 
  jill stein ? 
  you can do it with a 400k loan , and you get to kick poor people to the curb . 
  just buy a trailer park and raise the lot fees by 200-300 % overnight . 
  there is nothing they can do about it in most states . 
  there are even seminars from a major gop donor you can take for 1500 dollars to learn all the tricks . 
  they came from the north , beyond the wall of corn , and made really good biscuits and marijuana/sausage gravy when they got here -- which sounds awesome . 
  yes , companies can fire you for drinking , smoking , and more . 
  '' `` i 've been getting calls from people for 20 years who 've been abused in all sorts of ways , '' maltby said . 
  `` when i tell them , ` sorry , you do n't have any legal rights , ' they literally do n't believe me , '' maltby said . '', 
  what did you guys think the past 30-40 years of demolishing unions and passing right-to-work laws was doing ? 
  imagine 100 's of them at once . 
  they do n't really start till you get into the eastern cascades , then they are everywhere , and then by the time you get past boise they are gone again . 
  does not seem to work very well considering she is on the cover of a boobies and bush magazine . 
  my first rule with blenders is that the vast majority of the time the heavier it is , the longer it lasts . 
  my second rule is that if the replacement blade costs more than 1/5th the price of the blender , go with another blender . 
  because it screws up what average people consider quality , and this is a thread about that . 
  yeah unless they are living near a college campus , this is not possible in the real world atm . 
  so for anyone who has a decent pc rig this means nothing i guess ? 
  it also made some cancers less prevalent in populations that survived because of the lack of cigarettes , alcohol , and other crap that was bad for you .
