  this is just ludicrous exclusivity , conspicuous consumption . 
  meh , i survived grad school with brown rice and lentils . 
  about 2 dollars a day . 
  even the cheapest crab if boiled for a scant 10-20 minutes can make phenomenal broth , look around . 
  you can usually find crab cheap on either thursdays or mondays . 
  those are the days before or immediately after they , the food distributors , bring fresh product . 
  if you like to pretend to like modernist cuisine i suppose . 
  it is though , because we are n't talking about doubling it all at once . 
  the 15 dollar/hour movement is talking about 4-5 year plans to stagger out the costs of raising the price floor of labor . 
  a 20 % increase on 25 % is ~ 30 % , and if everyone else in the area is having to undergo the same costs it evens out because the labor market increases in size with more people wanting to work and that also means more money is being spent . 
  which boosts revenue . 
  that is what washingtonians are seeing with the seattle airport experiment . 
  higher skilled workers have pushed out the lower skilled workers and with more money to spend have boosted the overall market . 
  what has happened is divey and gimmicky bars and mismanaged fast food franchises are closing down because they have become both undesirable to work at and drink/eat at . 
  um you have that backwards . 
  no the packets i am looking at have over 600 mg of sodium . 
  ramen noodles alone `` sodium 220mg 9 % '', 
  that site is wrong , that is with flavoring packet . 
  `` sodium 1,380 mg '', 
  total 1600 - 380 = 220 mg for the noodles, 
  it is stupid to buy the best crab if you are going to make a broth or bisque out of it . 
  sinking 10 bucks into each upgraded item sucks . 
  bs , they were one of the most prolific vote manipulators in social media history . 
  at their peak they were coordinating voting across 4-5 platforms . 
  we have to , there are lot of menial and dangerous jobs out there . 
  sexuality is not binary . 
   digg patriots, 
  `` the digg patriots are a group of about 100 u.s. conservatives organized to influence news stories and opinion articles on digg , a popular social media site that generates approximately 340 million page views per month . 
  a 2010 alternet undercover investigation found the group was engaged in `` a widespread campaign of censorship , having multiple accounts , upvote padding , and deliberately trying to ban progressives . '', 
  the investigation revealed that the group of about one hundred conservative members was able to bury 90 percent of non-conservative articles by certain websites and stories within three hours of their submission '', 
  you are a misinformed sheep . 
  so , no citations and just hand waving and insults . 
  i am going to dismiss and ignore you now . 
  i hope they merge the andromeda tv series in with star trek . 
  we have bubblers here in portland , or as well . 
  i guess that is what makes drones so terrifying . 
  every torp boat 6th slot now, 
  '' * 20 % chance : +5 % kinetic damage bonus with torpedoes for 15 sec ( stacks 3 times ) '', 
  yes , yes ... oh yes . 
  if you have the ferengi missile launcher 2/sec you can hit global cooldown on torps with maybe two doffs , i will have to see . 
  carrying capacity increases as urban planning and farming technology increases as well . 
  this planet can hold a helluva lot more people than it has . 
  really only useful for 10 sec + torps with a ferungi 2 sec missile launcher then . 
  take your strained strawman back to tumblr , adults are talking . 
  extra help ai n't being a farmer . 
  running a family farm takes brains , guile , and more often than not a formal education in business , agronomy etc. 
  none of those are mainstream views on the left , climate denial is on the right . 
  anglicization of europe is almost complete . 
  yeah , i ca n't use normal condoms without worrying about them ripping at the circle thing at the end . 
  bottom pic is men making fun of them . 
  british military doctrine is nato military doctrine which is american . 
  the federalization of european political power either must occur or the euro must be abolished . 
  without the primacy of a central bank being able to dictate monetary and financial policy in a single breath you will have countries like germany reaping the benefits while countries like spain and greece are sucked dry through loans just to survive . 
  it would be like the us cutting off direct federal aid to the southern states and instead forcing onerous loans upon them instead , it is completely impossible to maintain long term . 
  then either elect someone who represents your knuckle-dragging interests , or accept you live in portland . 
  we worked hard to get the arts tax implemented . 
  it is what happens when fox news has created a climate of authoritarianism through decades of misinformation and outright lies ; and your friends now are simply seeing everything in the world through the lens of there being a binary good/evil dynamic in politics , and they of course are the good guys . 
  anything can be said about the evil guys because they are out to destroy everything the good guys stand for . 
  authoritarianism demands a scapegoat for everything that goes wrong with its policies . 
  there are people making less than 10 dollars an hour in kansas who are livid that someone making a dollar less than them qualifies for food stamps , and instead of increasing the min wage , they want to eliminate food stamps for everyone . 
  what is hilarious is that this exact same playbook of raising property taxes and lowering income taxes was done in the south dozens of times in the 20th century , and the right wing supporters never learned their lesson . 
  if you make property , specifically owning a home or a small family farm the largest asset in most people 's lives the easiest way to take it away is to raise property taxes . 
  why ? 
  because it only takes a year of not having a job or going into retirement to get your property repossessed and sold off to the highest bidder . 
  reasonable property taxes are fine , they pay for services . 
  increasing them to the point where they replace income taxes means that if you are n't earning an income , someone else will soon have your property if you are not wealthy . 
  they know exactly what they are doing and they are n't ashamed about it one bit . 
  just because we have nukes does n't mean we wo n't have a hot war with russia or china . 
  yes , and even it fails we have the know how to build an even better plane now . 
  something that will take a good decade for the rest of the world to catch up on . 
  if they had their way the employees would sleep in tents in the back behind the store and be served a crust of bread a day . 
  yep , it is designed to take people 's houses away . 
  it does two things , it forces people to work in crappy labor conditions for fear of being homeless , and it prevents a lot of poor people from owning property . 
  renting in states with high property taxes is vastly greater among the bottom quintile of wage earners than states with low property taxes . 
  she is such an awesome person too . 
  some asshat american journalist asked her about makeup in space or some shit , and she did n't even reply she just went to the next reporter . 
  manually select dx9 and then go back to dx11 , fixed it for me . 
  just save your lobi for a lobi sale though . 
  nothing like dropping 900 lobi and two weeks later it costs 720 . 
  do n't people just travel with their nannies and keep the children in their own hotel room ? 
  it matters but not as much because they still do n't have the precision tools and know how to build one . 
  all of which is almost impossible to steal . 
  yeah , and property taxes in states like these are one of the things that are almost never possible to defer , abate , or become exempt from . 
  which means while your state , and federal income taxes are usually almost non-existent till you make around 30k a year your property taxes even if you find a job within 6 months of losing one can doom you . 
  yeah they are . 
  my aunt and uncle run a mattress store , and the markup can be 200-300 % or more . 
  those memory foam ones are like under 400 wholesale . 
  you can actually get in star trek online / r/sto . 
  so polygamy is next . 
  cubans are the same way . 
  peasants . 
  the fm pins coming off the snapdragon chips are disconnected in all verizon lg models . 
  it is hardware-level screw you . 
  i will never buy an lg phone again . 
  oly as well . 
  other manufacturers refuse to do the hardware-level changes . 
  lg is happy to screw over the end user . 
  this is why depending upon property taxes over income taxes is such a bad idea . 
  have a bad year and boom , you lost the farm and are homeless . 
  not even close .
