  this game has decent storylines and is worth the play through on the three factions . 
  the end game raids are not going to thrill a hardcore mmo player . 
  i do n't do dailies anymore , so content-wise it has about 6 months of playtime for a casual , and for 60 bucks that is a steal . 
  i am sort of treating this game like a single player game at the moment . 
  without serious end game raiding , why bother ? 
  this is the wisest perspective to have on homelessness . 
  give them homes , start the other programs after , and society reaps benefits like being able to have more 24/7 stores/diners etc in downtown areas . 
  economically in places it has been tried it almost instantly boosts business beyond the costs of the housing itself . 
  people forget but even in the 1990 's portland 's downtown had a dozen late night diners open , and they did n't start closing till the homeless population got out of control . 
  even if you do n't have any empathy for the homeless getting them off the streets boosts revenue in areas they used to concentrate . 
  it makes streets and neighborhoods more pleasant and safer , which means more economic activity . 
  which is why we need to seriously consider giving the metro some form of revenue generating ability beyond trimet and the zoo . 
  washington county pushes its homeless problem all towards downtown with free trimet tickets . 
  we can all just commute from salem . 
  so do i go kidnap a 5 year old ? 
  graphics are nice but i would 've loved to see more variety in the floor plans for buildings . 
  pretty sure denmark is a made-up country . 
  so cannibalism is cool too ? 
  let 's break some noahic laws folks !, 
  no finland is real because russians are afraid of it . 
  if they are an organ donor is it cool ? 
  i think there must be like two or three general contractors for everything from cabinets to watchtowers . 
  that chart alone is mindboggling . 
  these rich bastards are paying rates lower than middle class families on 10 million dollar + properties . 
  what the ever-living fuck ? 
  this abatement would only make sense if these were primary residences . 
  they often are not . 
  some of these people have homes on five continents . 
  there should be no economic incentive to reduce taxes on investment properties or some scion 's 5th home . 
  nyc does not need more expensive condos , it needs affordable ones . 
  also , since these are unoccupied most of the year , that means those rich people are not even spending money in the area . 
  this should be a massive scandal but no one wants to stand up to the investment class that is taking over the city . 
  well they sure as fuck are downvoting this story to oblivion . 
  mississippi was last to enact universal high school , right ? 
  i guess french does not compress well into mp3 format . 
  this confirms my suspicions that french people are actually aliens . 
  it takes a village to make a stew . 
  do you understand the difference between pulling two shots into a metal carafe over 30 seconds -- which lets it cool down ; and pouring 200 degree coffee into an insulated cup ? 
  it can also be over a minute to pull , which lets it cool down as well . 
  nope , judges in some southern states can override juries and give the death penalties themselves . 
  i 've hated my neighbor for 20 years but i have n't shot him . 
  dude should n't be allowed to carry a gun , this is the fucking what ? 
  5th time he has had the police called on him ? 
  the real mummified child ? 
  unless the eventually feds require one , you will have around a 5 % chance of having one in a tornado zone if you live in a mobile home park . 
  no state in the union mandates them . 
  in a perfect or slow environment , sure . 
  not in a production environment . 
  most baristas are doing two-three pulls at once . 
  cake batter works better in a waffle maker imho . 
  been making waffles out of cake mix for decades . 
  the pull is n't done until it is poured into a serving vessel . 
  shots sit for a minute or more even here in portland , or . 
  i 've worked in the industry as well and you must n't 've ever worked in a very busy shop . 
  espresso shots sit all the time during morning rush when all the machines are going . 
  unless you are overhiring that is just the nature of what happens in a production environment . 
  there is not a lot you can do about it . 
  pulled shots are going to sit during peak demand . 
  live by the gun , die by the gun . 
  this dude is not a responsible gun owner , and if you continue to insist he is , it is going to be so much easier passing new gun restrictions . 
  which makes society as a whole unsafe ; honestly , these puritanical punish the addict laws need to go . 
  he has had the police called on him 8 times since then . 
  how many times have you had the police called on you in the past 4 years ? 
  because the veteran campus student groups are often threatening to go after universities if they discipline their members for behaviour that would get other students expelled . 
  you guys have never dealt with a veteran student group . 
  they lawyer up , they cause problems with financial aid , and accreditation if you screw with them . 
  they are far more entitled on average than student athletes and no one wants to touch them . 
  so , handwaving . 
  that is your go to `` i 'm right , and you are wrong '' line of arguing ? 
  of course not , and when i was a pastry chef we were n't supposed to serve eclairs that were older than 8 hours . 
  it happened 3-4 days a week though . 
  you talk like a child on the playground . 
  i 'm going to leave you with that . 
  i have adults to speak to . 
  ovens can only get so full and run for so long . 
  eclairs had to be made sometime . 
  this is nothing , a few years ago there was a theory going around that all snow since arbitrary crazy date was fake . 
  yes , and they took melting as a sign of it not being real , as if they had never seen an ice cube melt . 
  if anyone are actually aliens it might be the conspiracy theorists themselves imho . 
  they are obviously unaware of basic goings on like ice melting that occur on this planet . 
  o god , we have a 60 year old harley enthusiast in our parking garage now . 
  since we share a wall with the garage , we get to hear him go in and out all day doing whatever the fuck he does 4-5 times during the workday . 
  maybe he is some sort of superhero . 
  limes from taco trucks make great hand sanitizers . 
  just buy some koji starter and read some recipes . 
  all i know is that grad students who actually do read hardcore do n't have time to be spending on facebook . 
  true , true . 
  it is just in my experience nowadays it is very common for grad students to go into a blackout phase from social media . 
  speaking objectively as in [ poverty is a massive predictor of addiction ] ( http://www.thefix.com/content/economic-inequality-and-addiction8202 ) . 
  the idea that addiction can affect everyone equally needs to go away . 
  drinking because you are homeless on the streets and barely have the will to live is a lot different than trying to be a cool kid in a rich family . 
  um , brave new world revisited ? 
  it is that kind of attitude that makes you so , so hireable in the real world . 
  never hire a veteran , imho . 
  edit : they do n't pay businesses money to hire veterans because they are good people , they pay them because they are damaged . 
  they can fuck with everyone 's . 
  rotc has to be accepted on campuses for there to even be a discussion about federal aid . 
  so even if a school is absolutely opposed to war and violence , they are forced to accept militarization of their campuses . 
   brave new world revisited, 
  you have to remember , china has a vast gulf between poor and even middle class , let alone rich .
