  without the free market we can have the portland slums , sounds effing great . 
  land use planning is not free market . 
  if you want to see free market urban planning look at the insane sprawls in texas where in some cities you can have residential downwind from industrial . 
  japan is one of the most highly regulated urban planning environments on the planet , they have been building planned cities for almost 600 years . 
  they have nothing even resembling a free market when it comes to urban planning . 
  some plots have been zoned for 200-300 years . 
  why do n't you look at [ kibara ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?q=kibera&amp;hl=en&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=8k9jvythgsh7oqso7igibg&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1394&amp;bih=703 ) ? 
  that is what a fully unregulated city looks like . 
  leftover mashed potatoes fried up the next morning love catsup . 
  he did some awesome voice acting for star trek online as well . 
  / r/sto, 
  it would be political suicide , it would take a conspiracy to accomplish today . 
  with poverty blooming in north gresham , south beaverton , and vancouver . 
  it might be too late . 
  once you get a ring of poverty around a metro , it is like herpes . 
  it will just keep spreading . 
  poverty is so much easier to manage in a densely populated urban area because you do n't have to spread out services . 
  working fine on ati hd and rx for me . 
  what you need to do is what us oregonians did after the fbi stopped the portland xmas tree-lighting ceremony bombing . 
  go to mosques and guard them . 
  that is what america is all about . 
  or clinton . 
  i 'll vote for jill stein or bernie sanders , but fuck the clintons . 
  0.49 a bunch here at winco in portland , or . 
  cilantro is as easy to grow as mint . 
  if you have access to a window you can grow it . 
  there have been larger min wage increases , i guess history is n't popular with your kind . 
  you are talking about the last 30 years for nyc , and they have major problems . 
  sf not even that long . 
  no it is not . 
  [ 46 % of people in new york city live paycheck to paycheck now ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/30/nyregion/nearly-half-of-new-yorkers-are-struggling-to-get-by-study-finds.html ) . 
  that all started ramping up 30 years ago when speculative property investment , the same thing that is happening to portland , started . 
  that is not sustainable . 
  we , as the whole world , are going to have higher density cities everywhere building out in the 21st century , they are going to be much more desirable than today 's cities ; but the idea that an investment class can impoverish half of any city in perpetuity to live there because of speculation is obscene . 
  the investor class does n't give a fuck if there is an american middle class anymore people , they do n't need you . 
  they can invest anywhere in the world . 
  they do in the pacific nw like the iowans do with corn . 
  especially in the potato-growing regions . 
  london 's prices are due in part to massive speculation and foreign investment . 
  if you required all owners to live in their buildings the prices would drop in half overnight . 
  there does need to be more community building between the black community and the lgbt community . 
  pastors have been trying to drive a wedge between the two for decades . 
  scapegoating homosexuals for everything . 
  hell , the black evangelical community coming out for obama in 2008 tipped the scales against homosexual marriage in california . 
  the problem with portland 's streets and sidewalks is that sidewalks were optional for a brief period during the mid-20th century . 
  they are not optional anymore . 
  old people need them , young people need them . 
  with their belief in child labor being a-ok , that makes all children not born to rich folks as potential child prostitutes . 
  thank you rothbard !, 
  i 'm 99 % sure if they put up slavery to a vote today it would sail through the texas legislature . 
  running right now . 
  this is what we do pretty much . 
  we have 10 + store credit cards we use to buy xmas gifts with , and that is it . 
  only when stores go out of business do we lose that credit line . 
  make sure you have v-synch turned on . 
  it will limit the game 's rendering speed to 60 fps and cool down things . 
  the gini coefficient of nyc is so high , over .500 last i checked , that it is significantly hampering economic growth . 
  in other words , city and metro planning without regards to protecting socioeconomic interests -- like having a middle class -- leads to losing businesses to better designed cities . 
  nyc is bleeding good jobs because less and less people can or want to afford to live there . 
  so no , they are n't `` chugging along just fine '' . 
  a healthy city has a middle class , you seem to be advocating living in a city where only a vast minority of people can afford to own their own home , and where half of people barely survive paying high rent . 
  that is n't a healthy attitude towards your fellow man , or a rational outlook economically . 
  cities without a healthy middle class simply will not work long term . 
  the property prices will eventually plummet but only after the jobs are gone . 
  hell , the delinquency rate in nyc and sf are both above 10 % . 
  do you understand how big those real estate bubbles are , and that they are predicated just like in 2008 increasingly upon smoke , mirrors , and speculation ? 
  we have a long history of this sort of short-sightedness happening before in failing to regulate real estate markets , yet you are insisting that everything is just fine . 
  do you want to buy some subprime mortgages ? 
  i 'll sell you them and the brooklyn bridge , deal ? 
  [ um , london is bleeding 20 and 30 year olds . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/theobserver/she-said/2014/apr/06/priced-out-of-the-capital-city-london-is-losing-its-lustre-for-younger-people ) you ca n't say it is healthy city when 70 % of 30 year olds ca n't afford property where they live , and 40 % of 20 year olds are living with family or friends . 
  i do n't even have time for this , it sounds like you are speaking out of your ass for some contrarian agenda . 
  spoken like someone who has never taken an [ urban planning ] ( https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=gini%20coefficient%20urban%20planning&amp;btng=search&amp;as_sdt=800000000001&amp;as_sdtp=on ) or economics course in their life . 
  why do n't you try reading some actual journals on the subject you are blathering about and stop bothering people with your inane opinions on everything . 
  sometimes silence can be learning opportunity . 
  just use them every 6-12 months . 
  open 2-3 , and see how it affects your score first . 
  bel air is n't a fucking metro area . 
  where the fuck did i fucking claim to fucking support living anywhere on the planet for free ? 
  i ca n't seem to fucking find your fucking strawman . 
  name a single unregulated city . 
  / r/sto / r/elderscrollsonline mashup !, 
  / r/metrictime, 
  go in there and tell them you made a vegan grilled cheese with avocado . 
  they actually executed him because they could not find some documents that were signed by the captains of the ships he took as a privateer . 
  they discovered those documents misfiled like 20 years ago . 
  captain kidd was no pirate . 
  civil rights enumerated under a constitution work relatively well in 200 nations on the planet and do n't require nap . 
  these are rather vague and nebulous terms , are we talking about socioeconomic opportunity ? 
  `` social liberals '' who have no problem with businesses discriminating for any reason whatsoever , so not actually socially liberal at all . 
  [ libertarian-allowed signage . 
  actually murray rothbard said that you have the right to kill your children if you do n't want them and no one will else will take them . 
  that is a lot of claims , care to back a single one up ? 
  because if we are n't practicing libertarianism we are literally slaves living under hitler . 
  that is not what studies i 've read have said about the price of college rising , at least for american students . 
  american universities dump a lot more money than european institutions into sports , rec programs , and the elephant in the room , administrative costs . 
  '' `` between 1993 and 2007 , '' they write , `` the number of full-time administrators per 100 students at america 's leading universities grew by 39 percent , while the number of employees engaged in teaching , research , or service only grew by 18 percent . 
  inflation-adjusted spending on administration per student grew by 61 percent during the same period , while instructional spending per student rose 39 percent . '' '', 
  do you care to show me the studies that you are reading that support your thesis about competing for price has decreased because of government loan programs for low income students ? 
  civil rights enumerated under the law demonstrably exist , natural rights do not .
