  they have three or four of the largest supplement companies and their congress people prevent this stuff being reviewed by the fda . 
  politics should not be played like a sportsball game . 
  it also dramatically rose the cost of institutionalization which meant it became impossible to do long term treatment without tons and tons of money . 
  even cadillac health insurance plans only cover 90 days of in-house mental healthcare treatment nowadays . 
  back in the 1970 's lots of people had coverage for indefinite institutionalization , that disappeared in almost every insurance plan out there save for police , fire , and state/fed congressional health plans . 
  it is 1000 's upon 1000 's of dollars a month paying out of pocket for a private mental institution . 
  my cousin gave up everything trying to keep her son in one , and when he got out he tried killing himself again . 
  now he is on dialysis because he only has 40 % kidney function . 
  god damn scientists !, 
  no one knows how long the communist party in china can keep the economy half-state-owned and half-private . 
  there are massive inefficiencies being propped up all over asia because of chinese money . 
  what happens if china undergoes a coup ? 
  imagine all the planets in the universe covered in doorknobs . 
  yep , we finally had enough and cut back to 50 hours from 60-70 . 
  engineering is being done with a lot less engineers and technicians nowadays . 
  it mostly affected people under a breadwinner 's plan . 
  million dollar three bedroom homes average almost 5k in sf proper . 
  it sure as fuck does n't work like that outside a few high flying industries . 
  our engineering firm did not even have a formal maternity leave policy till 2012 . 
  we 've had female engineers for 20 years and it still was never brought up . 
  family would be on the street . 
  i 'm not romanticizing the era as the good old days , just that some policies were more progressive than nowadays . 
  stop labelling yourself and look at each issue individually . 
  republicans win because they contest everything , and when they win they build a machine to keep winning even in smalltown elections big out-of-state money comes in when the rw radio hosts asks his listeners to help support x candidate in bum-fucking-middle-of-nowhere with online donations . 
  democrats do n't even run in some parts of the country . 
  democrats need a 50 state solution and we as americans need to get a control of spending in elections . 
  it is an interesting comment history , we ca n't discuss comment histories in here now ? 
  until we have immortal capitalists living in their orbiting god spheres we will not be seeing any private investment in climate change that can not be recouped in an average human lifetime . 
  i 've seen airlines give mini character cakes to kids like this in first class . 
  i 've never seen them in stores . 
  i usually steamcook them with beer in my rice cooker and then finish them with a broiler for a few minutes . 
  steamcooking takes some of the gamey tastes out . 
  do n't worry i 'm sure there is a free market solution to the problem of slavery . 
  is there a way of linking to his comment history without alerting him ? 
  good thing they could just repurpose the old ron paul one . 
  they are the target demographic for reverse mortgages and catheters . 
  if the fec followed its own rules we would n't even have such a problem . 
  we work 90 % from home but it sucks doing two five hour long sits at the computer each day for weeks to get a project out the door . 
  no they paint you into a corner . 
  pacific nwstern , probably mid 70 's . 
  nope . 
  can we do this mods ? 
  i like the microwave method . 
  about twice this year . 
  we try to cook whatever frozen carcases my brother-in-law gives us , he hunts year round , i sometimes feel like a taxidermist opening up the freezer . 
  the last time i hunted was in 2001 and i was sweating scotch in a deer blind for two nights . 
  not fun times . 
  been doing it since the microwave i bought as a bachelor in the early 1990 's told me i could . 
  yep go online there are tons and tons of comparison sites . 
  i have zero brand loyalty today . 
  utter nonsense . 
  i am a landlord and if a tenant has been renting from me for five years and needs a month or two to get back on his feet why would i go through the process of eviction ? 
  that would cost me more in new carpet , painting , and cleaning than i would get in rent . 
  if you have a good tenant , part of being a landlord is working to keep him during tough times within reason . 
  if not , you are going to take another dice roll . 
  we all need a personal ai looking out for our interests . 
  you can commute with the [ sounder train ] ( http://www.soundtransit.org/ ) in places like tacoma with rent that low but you are looking at 2-3 hours of commuting a day . 
  you could n't pay enough me to drive that year round . 
  you are utterly delusional if you think a bunch of gun owners could even take on the national guard . 
  when you carry a loaded firearm in public it is our concern . 
  you are n't special . 
  hopefully the supreme court will get two more sane justices and we can work on the well regulated aspect of the amendment . 
  portland metro is going to have to tear down single housing units , no ifs or buts about it . 
  beaverton has higher density than many areas closer in to city center . 
  we are at half the density of san francisco and expected to absorb 300-500k more people in the next 30 years . 
  never ever try to get around the system like that . 
  if your house burns down you will get nothing . 
  both of which have almost no administrative costs . 
  you get to deal with the crust punks with their floating garbage scowls as neighbors . 
  it is like living next to pirates . 
  yeah , also many of those low income units are going to college students from wealthy families who know how to game the system . 
  if you come from a family that has two phds or mds you should n't need any handouts in life . 
  when i worked graveyard during grad school i kept buying handles of cheap booze to keep around . 
  when i graduated i had enough for parties for the entire summer . 
  60 days for an eviction with legal fees and replaced carpet + paint is two months rent . 
  you are not a very savvy businessman . 
  i know for sure you are n't a landlord . 
  concealed weapon holders have had their guns discharge in public numerous times . 
  sorry , the well regulated aspect is the stick we will beat down you paranoid manchildren with . 
  deal with it . 
  bringing up police officers as paragons of gun safety is laughable . 
  thanks for that on this sunday morn . 
  try not to blow your balls off . 
  because we are dealing with guns not toys . 
  spoken like someone who has never been a landlord yet likes bashing people over the head with their deep , oh so deep economic insights on being one . 
  does this work for you in real life chief ? 
  do n't get too angry and shoot someone . 
  goatfarmers know how to live off the land . 
  300 million americans , not so much . 
  oh , wo n't someone think of the poor ccw community and their increasingly paranoid demands !, 
  oh , woah is me !, 
  how can we appease such a mentally healthy minority ? 
  they would n't need to . 
  most people are n't gun nutters . 
  your fantasy neckbeard army is laughable . 
  it is spam . 
  one does not respond to spam because that just gets you more spam . 
  we need player-made content . 
  when someone says something crazy just realize they think they are being sane . 
  that is what freaks me out .
