  edit : apparently limey and canuck savages eat fries with a fork . 
  so , from that i 'm guessing you have n't even left oregon . 
  it is because / r/news and / r/worldnews have mods who think everything is free speech . 
  if i were the reddit admins i would clean house in both of those subs . 
  they have become the epicenter of racism , sexism , and general ugliness on reddit . 
  are the slavic people white enough for you ? 
  what about the turkic folk ? 
  what about the intelligence of your colleagues ? 
  dealing with folks who really should n't be teaching anyone was the death knell for my dream of becoming a teacher . 
  also , for me , the circle-the-wagons culture everytime someone criticised one of their pseudo-scientific theories on pedagogy was simply disgusting . 
  most fields have healthy criticism and debate , education is almost all petty and political in my experience . 
  baby boomers were always more conservative than the greatest generation . 
  this myth of them being all progressive then turning ruthless conservative is just that . 
  pretty much after ww ii the cold war hysteria provoked a reactionary right in the youth of that time that became the gop establishment of today . 
  who legislated civil rights during that era ? 
  hint : people born in the 1920 's and 1930 's . 
  vietnam war was 50/50 among the baby boomers , it was the people who had lived through ww ii were overwhelmingly against it . 
  savages . 
  no offense but i 'll be glad when all large trucks are automated . 
  if i was the next male witness in front of this regressive i would wear a decorative codpiece with a two-foot-long shaft -- nordic jesus as a bulbulous figurehead at its end -- as is the custom of my people . 
  curating a thread to present quality posts is not censorship . 
  it may be biased because of the moderator 's inherent investment in the task , and that really ca n't be avoided . 
  imagine reddit if not a single comment , thread , or user had ever been banned . 
  i know , but with active brigading and the influx of new redditors , it is , i am sure , a thankless task to attempt to civilize that sub . 
  it would be nice if reddit had a netiquette quiz before you could get a new account . 
  whatever happened to netiquette ? 
  except for many people it is n't psychological , it is socioeconomic . 
  it is everything from being in the most desperate privations to the getting-byness of the middle class that wear on people as an external force . 
  the inequality that has arisen in our societies through the stratification of so much wealth in so few hands has become an oligarchic monolith with us at the bottom and a sheer cliff face to the top . 
  the top have taken too much , too fast ; and they know it . 
  they know what 's coming . 
  anyone who thinks lowering government to the point of something akin to a nozickian nightwatch society is absolutely a selfish idiot . 
  that is the only coherent libertarian academic out there , and following nozick to his horrifying conclusion was what steered the academic world away from libertarianism worldwide . 
  libertarianism is pretty much dead academically . 
  the root cause is n't psychological though . 
  you can treat socioeconomic issues to prevent the psychological ones from ever taking place . 
  i 'm talking about education as a career , not politically . 
  i 'll take statics over the entirety of postmodernism , thanks . 
  at least statics is digestible . 
  you are evil because you relish the suffering of others . 
  that is just where you belong chief . 
  definitely try some gs strains . 
  rare darkness strains are also primo . 
  i 'm a structural civil engineer i travel throughout the world as a job . 
  sometimes i take detour vacations . 
  you know if you had applied yourself in school instead of being jealous of the stoners maybe , just maybe you could have gone places . 
  is it about culture ? 
  we do n't hire anyone who attended college in the south . 
  we 've had too many problems with their culture in the past . 
  the whole south , texas , and most of the southwest . 
  was n't my call , as it was before my time . 
  our firm had multiple incidents of sexual assault on female employees in the 1980 's , all southerners and it has always been like that since then . 
  the head of hr was one of whom who was assaulted . 
  they greatly benefited my grandfather when he became a widower . 
  he engaged himself fully in the elks and the american legion , and lived another 30 years after she died . 
  he outlived two of his children . 
  also steam cooking them helps . 
  put a metal bowl over the mold while cooking . 
  [ the barrel room 's dueling piano bar ] ( http://aweekoraweekend.com/2015/11/30/portlands-barrel-room-dueling-piano-bar/ ) is great , cheap , and unique entertainment . 
  there is a free code on that page . 
  we have gone a few times . 
  they also got a bunch of disused american ships if memory serves . 
  russian threats of death are understandable in all languages . 
  i take the early train for flights all the time . 
  i 've never had a problem . 
  turn on a box fan in a room near any water damage , it will help dry it out while you wait for the professionals . 
  even a 25 dollar rice cooker from costco makes fluffy rice . 
  at least it is not welsh . 
  a language that can only be understood by being drunk for multiple generations . 
  i belong to professional societies but i 've been thinking of joining the elks just to have a larger network of folks to do shit with . 
  it should be a thing . 
  militias are inbred fantasy revolutionaries who have no place in modern society . 
  as an engineer i 've heard libertarians say this same shit for twenty years online . 
  all the way back to alt.politics . 
  i think libertarians vastly underestimate how difficult automating a task as simple as preparing and presenting a hamburger is so they can blather on that a min wage hike will always `` hurt the lowest skilled '' . 
  btw , no one has done it commercially because the prototypes for burger making machines never make it to production . 
  even the vending machine burgers you buy in shady motels are all still hand-made . 
  except before the federal min wage some states had people working while not even enough to feed themselves . 
  min wage is a great policy because so many of the states are run by whiny manchildren conservatives who do n't give a fuck about their people . 
  we need to stop using guns to make political points or we are going to see every yahoo act like the seditionist manchildren who took over the wildlife refuge every time they feel slighted . 
  do we live in an open society in which things can be accomplished without violence in the streets ? 
  i think we do . 
  all modern rice cookers have temperature control logic now . 
  this is n't the 1990 's with dumb-timed rice cookers . 
  does n't make the engineering less trivial . 
  engineers are n't fucking wizards that use cash for mana . 
  then they can do it without fucking guns . 
  i do n't answer hypotheticals . 
  hypotheticals are used by people in the weaker position in a debate and should never be entertained as they can be produced endlessly . 
  you are weaker than me , why should i discuss anything with you ? 
  ah , so a strawman . 
  so your position is weak and now you are resorting to this ? 
  pathetic . 
  hypotheticals are what idiots think intelligent people use in debates . 
  you are beneath me , learn your place . 
  am i taking crazy pills or are kids today better behaved -- less violent -- than previous generations ? 
  25 years ago there was at least one violent incident per day in a school of 1200 , now we can go weeks without one . 
  i roleplay my nc engineer . 
  he is br 90 with a no-attachment trac-5 and he shoots off the hip till his mags are empty at anything . 
  * anything .
