  dumbest thing i 've read all day . 
  what i 'm asking for them is to work on a procedurally generated method of doing that . 
  they have method for making billions upon billions of different planetary systems , it would be nice if some of that variation made it into the man-made objects as well . 
  man i would love to see planetside naval battles . 
  anarcho-syndicalism is as naive as marxism though . 
  it puts the onus of determining production on each worker 's union with that speciality . 
  so what happens when five different unions decide they all need x resource ? 
  who decides who gets what in this fairytale anarchism ? 
  you are not the only person in society . 
  i do n't think you are capable of piercing your narcissism to acknowledge that other people 's right to life is more important than your delusional idea of absolute gun rights . 
  your idea of being some potential hero is nauseating . 
  it is going to deflate , not pop in the most metros . 
  san francisco might be an exception . 
  it will take only a few big tech companies pulling up roots to bring that market crashing down . 
  fuck sacred ground . 
  that should never make it into a legal argument anywhere . 
  the fundamental difference between you and me is that you daydream like an adolescent about being a hero , and i simply do n't care about your daydream . 
  society is n't about just you and you 'll never get that . 
  good luck with your ego . 
  sing a sad song for the wannabe hero !, 
  normal people do n't shoot newspaper articles , they reply in the comments . 
  i bet he knows now . 
  shooting a newspaper is n't an opinion it is a provocation . 
  now the nytimes has to increase security . 
  high luck builds with maxed mysterious stranger , dumb luck and fully automatic weapons are hilarious though . 
  high perception rifle builds are meh . 
  this is not a build that uses vats ; just pray and spray everything away . 
  at like 14 + luck and a fully-kitted-out smg everything just instagibs within 20 meters . 
  there is n't enough meat on the bones when you get down to it for the three major storylines . 
  i wanted to become a synth god , i was disappoint . 
  you 've never been to the american south have you ? 
  no it wo n't . 
  san francisco prices would deflate if a few major tech giants moved out of the area . 
  my kerbol system is a graveyard of 1000 's . 
  there are some american-style beers you ca n't easily get in europe like cascadian dark ales . 
  i roleplay a mad scientist and consider kerbals as disposable people . 
  would be nice if they had ai and rebelled against my treatment of them . 
  also salad rolls and egg rolls are cheap and easy . 
  i always go with finger foods myself . 
  depends on how much you use knives . 
  i would buy one at a time . 
  it is like a solo fps with no campaign mode . 
  it is among the worst fps experiences i 've had this year . 
  hummus pizzas in my house . 
  baked in a toaster oven for like 10 minutes with spinach , olives , pepperoncinis then drizzle some olive oil on top when out . 
  so do you want the private ownership of artillery , tanks , and armed drones being a possibility than ? 
  that be a modern militia , mate . 
  roasted hummus = refried beans deliciousness . 
  i agree , maybe we do n't need the 2nd amendment at all , this being 2015 . 
  is the empire against homosexuality the salvation army is . 
  germany fought hard to have an open secular society , let 's hope egypt does the same one day . 
  bernie is more of a british labor regime than a german christian democrat . 
  he is about as radical as tony blair . 
  v'ger t7 confirmed . 
  i loved nick in power armor , he looked so right in it . 
  except libertarianism as a political ideology is incoherent . 
  it is ostensibly an anti-authoritarian ideology which maximizes economic * liberty * by reducing government services . 
  except most people do n't consider economic liberty more important than public infrastructure and institutions . 
  so to enforce their idea of what liberty means , libertarians would have to do so by becoming authoritarians . 
  that is one reason of many no one should take libertarianism seriously . 
  i almost wish there were n't so many space mmos competing for my attention . 
  i have elite dangerous as my main right now and it has taken me out of sto for the past 6 months . 
  ca n't they make a game that blends them all together ? 
  400 in the us in the past year . 
  400 in just chicago in the past 7 years . 
  yeah , well ; anarcho-capitalism is thankfully just a manchild fantasy , nothing more . 
  taxes are n't theft . 
  i guess i 'm asking more of a super meta space mmo that allows other mmos to be inserted into it . 
  all of them mixed together . 
  no , because all other ideologies believe in some sort of taxation from the government . 
  american libertarianism is anti-democratic by nature . 
  there is no difference between public roads and public healthcare if both come from government-run institutions dependent upon taxation . 
  libertarians just want to pick and choose what is public . 
  that is what makes libertarianism anti-democratic . 
  what is the strangest ice mineral in the solar system ? 
  is there anything stranger than methane ice ? 
  some of us like dark caves . 
  so you do n't believe in public roads ? 
  except libertarianism does n't work with pluralistic ideologies . 
  it does n't give a fuck what most people think . 
  your * i * is meaningless to libertarianism as it wholly rejects individuality , it is the ideology of loose confederations -- circlejerk collectives -- of manchildren who worship some bullshit tenets about taxes being literal rape/slavery . 
  you do n't get to opt out if paying taxes . 
  you are brigading , reported . 
  you are brigading , reported . 
  reported for brigading . 
  you do n't live in portland and you came here from shit statists say . 
  good luck with your shadowban . 
  liar . 
  solve for teleporter is like 90 % of all star trek . 
  killing them . 
  i think he knew the cum stuff off the top of his head . 
  portland is currently trying to drown its immigrants in rain . 
  just look for grinders with more teeth . 
  more teeth = finer grind . 
  i am getting a visual illusion from that one . 
  stars keep trying to turn into a swastika . 
  moon yeah !, 
  two or three mortals usually have enough in them . 
  wtf , i am assuming is the south, 
  eventually even with baking you can see far enough ahead to tweak things .
