  on my street in the 1980 's to 1990 's there were dozens of young families . 
  the park on the way to the bus stop used to have groups of stay-at-home mothers with a gaggle of kids screaming around them all summer long , now people call the cops on the 30-something year old manchild at the end of the street . 
  he never moved out of his childhood home , and is the only person i ever see use that park now . 
  he just sits out there smoking pot creeping on the schoolgirls as they go by . 
  he is probably a drug dealer to kids now that i think about it . 
  hmm , maybe it is good that people call the cops on him from time to time . 
  no one wants to work the pumps on a sinking ship . 
  she was utterly delusional that the top talent would stay behind and help her when she just fired those people 's friends and work buddies . 
  that is the thing . 
  her cuts affected every level of the company , no one felt safe working there anymore . 
  a company that was once a potential ibm has been reduced to shelling out its name on ever cheaper consumer models while the business division is outdone at every turn by much smaller companies . 
  hp employs almost half of its american workforce through temp companies , it is a horrid rotating shitshow of a buck or two over minimum wage sadness . 
  good to see the oligarchs ' slave drivers have a candidate running for them . 
  we have entered an era where the automation white collar work will accelerate as ai and ml breakthroughs occur almost monthly now . 
  first major crack at white collar work were automated bank tellers , which came about 40 years ago . 
  a bank teller used to be a salaried position with middle class pay , and now we have banks hiring anyone without a criminal record for a barely-not poverty wage . 
  soon even fields like engineering may be competing with ai systems . 
  what will we do, 
  i shop a single grocery bag a day when i take light rail . 
  i walk less than 10 minutes total . 
  the eu stuff with the cloned sith lords was awesome though . 
  they 'll film it in 100 years or so . 
  oregon was given a shitty bill like this and voted no . 
  um , food preparation of even a simple burger chain menu is no where near a solved problem . 
  it is higher level automation than most any industrial robotics besides some crazy chemical engineering shit . 
  my grandfather worked a press brake before cnc was around . 
  he set dials and shit for each bend he had to make . 
  dude drank before work , during lunch , and after work till he passed out . 
  when he retired he was a handful of people there who had not injured himself on the job . 
  he lived to be 85 but the booze caught up with him and he got pancreatic cancer two years ago . 
  he never stopped drinking but he was also 6 ' 4 '' and built like a steam engine , a big old barrel chest and abnormally smaller legs and arms . 
  he was all torso . 
  they will be slums if they ca n't maintain them but they are n't 19th century tenement housing or anything . 
  utterly nonsensical for most folks . 
  trash service is 30-40 bucks a month in most places . 
  to save money , you would have to have garbage around for weeks . 
  a month old garbage bag ... 
  we have to pay for recycling , trash , and composting . 
  the amount of sodium must be astonishing . 
  i 'm semi well off and if my kids turn out this way i 'll put them out on the street myself and just donate my money to charity and become a monk . 
  common if you know anyone who is into antiquing . 
  eventually they will blather on about any type of domestic utensil , tool , or appliance in their presence . 
  it is quite interesting the first few times . 
  my time is more valuable than a few dollars an hour . 
  ah , i am not a car commuter . 
  i hate driving even for groceries . 
  why ? 
  that is a hardcore part time job . 
  there could be a meeting a week that takes two or three days to prepare for and it could still be considered part time . 
  so only rich people can run for office great idea . 
  not everyone can have an unpaid job . 
  wtf , you pay for art do n't you, 
  is that still a thing wtf ? 
  i trust a marxist as much as a libertarian , which is to say not at all . 
  democracy promised by marxists without ideological pluralism is an abhorrent lie . 
  caring about people born outside of a marriage . 
  look at abortion . 
  access to contraception , free healthcare , and quality sex education reduce pregnancy and abortion rates . 
  have the republican pro-lifers done any of that ? 
  i just realized i do n't know any conservatives personally after unfriending them all on facebook in 2012 . 
  average gop voter is encroaching on 50 . 
  y' all be dead soon . 
  my facebook has one relationship already alerted by a third party . 
  i was hoping obama would open those fema camps and start gassing bigots , that is why i voted for him . 
  um , cheating happens a lot . 
  the longer you are with someone the more likely you will have to deal with it . 
  having someone sign up for sex with strangers vs a fling with someone they work with all day is n't even in the same ballpark . 
  how old are you ? 
  california is bleeding its college graduates most of whom ca n't afford to live in the larger metros right out of college . 
  it has a greying voting demo in most areas except for hispanics . 
  because some people become embittered with rage as they get older , especially during periods of great social change , and they want someone that promises to fuck up some scapegoat people and institutions to make them feel like they are on the right side of things , even righteous . 
  fucking assholes is what they are . 
  women have suffered long enough , end female suffrage . 
  authoritarians winning elections are only possible when a large group of people can say horrible shit like this all day and not be called on it . 
  if you have family , friends , or coworkers who say this kind of ridiculous shit , confront them . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  take hawthorne berries for your heart . 
  a well run office should have almost no down time . 
  the question is : who will be the morlocks and who will be the eloi ? 
  man it is fucked here for people just getting into the housing/rental market . 
  when i graduated in 1992 and moved here my first two bedroom condo was 39k . 
  they were giving them away in the 1990 's to anyone with a heartbeat , mediocre credit , and a job . 
  most of my neighbors were blue collar workers who were even younger than me . 
  i was 25 . 
  sto needs to let the community add stuff to foundry . 
  i am waiting for sto 2.0 tbh at this point . 
  does psu discipline any of its executives ? /, 
  unless you just got sent to the airport directly from work there is no excuse to not make the 3-4 hour time window commitment to get to the airport on time so you can be molested by strangers from the government . 
  too bad you do n't have more rabbits . 
  you can make great rabbit sausages with enough offal meat . 
  rabbit savory sausages with cinnamon , cardamom , and some diced orange peel are fantastic in the morning with fresh eggs . 
  i believe they are second only to birds in feed to meat ratio . 
  i wish i could keep some meat rabbits but the wife wo n't let me . 
  he was a great salesman , he was just a horrible executive . 
  that is very , very common . 
  the personality of a great executive requires more than a modicum or veneer of honesty . 
  honesty with board members and employees goes a long fucking way to making shit work well in a business . 
  ballmer is a coercive salesbully . 
  the great businessman mythos that gets attached to billionaires , many of whom once led companies of 10 's of thousands of programmers or engineers claiming their brilliance to stoke his own ego is bullshit , and i wish we would call these deluded * captains of industry * out on it whenever given the opportunity . 
  gary johnson never took a firm stance on whether or not businesses should be able to discriminate against protected classes .
