  the blm is a massive organization with 10 's of thousands of buildings , and 100 's of thousands of employees . 
  oregon would have to dramatically raise taxes to have something like the blm . 
  absolutely not , i would only support a federated cascadia . 
  a loosely confederated cascadia is asinine . 
  not just hours , days . 
  in some places you can get a ticket in a small town and only be able to fight it in a larger city hours away . 
  i married someone of japanese heritage , we used to go through a gallon of soy sauce every 2 months with just two people . 
  now we go through one every 3-4 months . 
  we still go through at least a pound of miso every few weeks , that 'll never change because of it being breakfast for her . 
  we both have hypertension . 
  also i 've found japanese and se asian snacks are saltier than euro/american snacks . 
  dried squid has like 2 days worth of salt per bag . 
  even those little seaweed-wrapped rice things have more salt than potato chips . 
  that is what makes germans german . 
  sausages and beer . 
  they should 've tried taking over the world with sausage/beer festivals . 
  we would all be germans then . 
  it is the condiments that got me and my wife . 
  we still like our pasta overglopped with sauce , any jar of salsa is a single serving , and we were using 10 packets of ketchup for a large fries -- now 5-6 . 
  do n't buy any of that low sodium garbage . 
  low sodium soy sauce just makes me existentially sad . 
  portion control is where it is at . 
  yeah, 
  they are smoking weed around a campfire now and talking about snacks , i shit you not . 
  so if gravity does travel at the speed of light would that necessitate that a graviton is massless ? 
  would it be categorized as a gauge boson ? 
  those are the ones that carry information/charge ? 
  only gauge bosons can be massless right ? 
  they could do worse , a whole lot worse . 
  the clinton administration were all useless political favors and bush 's energy secretaries probably should all be in prison for how the oil/coal/ng industries were given free reign to direct policy for the institutions that were designed to regulate them . 
  going by how the clintons run their administrations , we would be looking at a cabinet of political favors , and it would be a crapshoot if they had any relevant experience . 
  the sensory parts of our brain and nervous system are shrinking except our visual cortex i thought ? 
  the cognitive part is growing . 
  i would n't want to be in that place when they turn on the heater . 
  it would smell like piss aged from the beginning of the universe . 
  ai n't going to get that smell out without burning the place down . 
  * data architects * who are really just glorified tech support . 
  taxi drivers are desperate since uber . 
  also anytime a larger city cleans shop with a dirty department -- usually by being forced by the doj -- those dirty cops immediately percolate into the surrounding small towns . 
  seattle and portland both have this problem . 
  multiple fbi investigations into racial profiling and problems policing the mentally ill and problem police simply move 20-30 miles away and start over with a clean record . 
  imagine if criminals could do that . 
  time to start treating the occupiers as part of a movement that has become a violent death cult . 
  they need to be deprogrammed . 
   the statutory requirements may be found in the immigration and nationality act ( ina ) at section 203 ( b ) ( 2 ) . 
  [ 2 ] the regulatory requirements may be found in the title 8 code of federal regulations ( 8 cfr ) at section 204.5 ( k ) . 
  [ 3 ] there are three sub-categories of eb-2 : [ 4 ], 
  `` advanced degree '' - the job must require an `` advanced '' degree ( master 's degree or superior [ 5 ] ) , and the applicant must possess one or its equivalent ( a baccalaureate degree plus five years progressive work experience in the field ) . 
  not all advanced degree qualify ; the job must be a `` profession '' -- an occupation ( including , but not limited to architects , engineers , lawyers , physicians , surgeons , and teachers in elementary or secondary schools , colleges , academics , or seminaries ) that requires at a minimum a us baccalaureate degree or its foreign equivalent . 
  `` exceptional ability '' , in the sciences , arts , or business , meaning `` a degree of expertise significantly above that ordinarily encountered in the sciences , arts , or business '', 
  `` national interest waiver '' - same as `` exceptional ability '' , but requesting that the labor certification be waived because it is in the interest of the united states . 
  these individuals may also self-petition ( they do not need an employer to sponsor them ) . 
  [ 1 ] a special provision allows national interest waivers to be granted to physicians who agree to work full-time in areas with a shortage of healthcare professionals . 
  entrepreneurs may also qualify for the eb-2 category under certain conditions . 
  the multiple federal and state failures in regulating enron are prime examples of high crimes going unpunished because of political corruption . 
  i 've always bought kidney beans in a can because i do n't trust myself . 
  so what happens when a black hole evaporates enough hawking radiation that it reaches the [ tov limit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tolman%e2%80%93oppenheimer%e2%80%93volkoff_limit ) from the other side ? 
  does it pop back as a neutron star ? 
  there were people on that livestream who said that the literal biblical apocalypse was coming if the federal government came to arrest them . 
  i think that is way beyond what an echo chamber can create in a healthy human brain . 
  [ i 'm trying to answer my own question ] ( https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&amp;as_sdt=0,39&amp;q=graviton+higgs+field ) but i think i am out of my depth here . 
  so , i know that the elementary particles besides photons and gluons interact with the higgs field which gives them mass , but is then rest mass related to gravity ? 
  that is what my common sense tells me , that mass is related to gravity . 
  but could there be massive particles that do n't interact with gravity at all ? 
  if a graviton is a massless gauge boson why would it interact with the higgs field if photons and gluons do n't ? 
  i should 've taken more physics and less art history . 
  sorry if my question does n't make sense . 
  at least this math is n't as bad as my question in the other thread about qft and gravity . 
  thanks . 
  nope , lube was sent to the blm address . 
  which was n't being delivered to after the occupation . 
  the employees there will be getting it . 
  federal prisons are n't rapey anymore , that would be state ones like texas . 
  he can look to decades of mandatory classes on stuff like anger managment for privileges like watching tv . 
  [ need to send them more schnapps . 
  ] ( http://southpark.cc.com/clips/103752/a-refueled-confederacy ), 
  currently the blm is fully funded ... 
  how does it work in other countries ? 
  there has to be a better system out there to emulate . 
  oh man , we used to smoke weed and watch cop rock at my friend 's house with the rear projection big screen tv in high school . 
  great times . 
  i still get some of the catchier tunes stuck in my head . 
  i cringed hard during that . 
  there is also the eb-3 which takes about as long as a bachelors and masters degree to get through . 
  i think that is what most people are familiar with . 
  so some people who apply for the eb-3 get upgraded to eb-2 or even eb-1 while waiting the 5-10 years it takes . 
  varies from department to department from what i understand . 
  there is no uniform federal law . 
  what about a rainbow flamethrower pistol for vs ? 
  i wonder how badly the economic sanctions have slowed construction down in moscow ? 
  i ai n't scared of no tea drinking zombie . 
  do n't make us replace you with drones !, 
  then they should 've spoken up earlier . 
  casual , i 'm on a couch with wireless kb and mouse . 
  one thing that grinds my gears is that some american schools still do n't teach thoroughly about sexual abuse or rape -- too touchy a subject . 
  it is vital to empower younger folk to recognize and report these sorts of crimes . 
  [ there are entire international conventions on this stuff ] ( http://www.coe.int/t/dg3/children/1in5/source/publicationsexualviolence/hitrec.pdf ) , and yet america has schools throughout the country with sex ed programs that skip or barely cover basic preventitive measures about sexual abuse . 
  drinking radium is a right !, 
  a lot of these cities are utterly incapable of supporting themselves with the tax base they have . 
  what is your solution ?
