because your views are repugnant to the vast , vast majority of humanity that has progressed beyond the tribal stage of society . 
  even isis believes in taxes , you are lower than that . 
  war with iran or on single mothers it is !, 
  it takes more than a generation or two to assimilate to life in a society with pluralistic ways of going about being human . 
  many 1st gen and also 2nd gen muslims , even in the west , may never even know or associate with a single non-muslim outside of school or work . 
  same thing happens when indians move but hinduism was moderated through colonization . 
  before the british arrived , they were burning widows like matchsticks . 
  well then they have an incoherent understanding of what libertarianism , if implemented , would entail . 
  look up negative and positive rights ; and you will see that libertarians only can coherently accept rights that prevent the state from abuse , force , or coercion of a citizen . 
  there is nothing about the state protecting you from private businesses or individuals . 
  not even fire or police service ; because if police are ok , then so is anything else under the social service umbrella including welfare , public schooling etc. 
  which is distinctly not a libertarian position . 
  what you are dealing with is what i like to call buffet libertarians , who want to pick and choose which social services they want society to raise taxes for and which ones they do n't . 
  that is n't coherent , it is just selfish wannabe dictators propounding bs . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  if you are taking a position that ethically human life should be protected from harm , it entails a whole lot more than just protecting said life from murder . 
  you are talking about an extreme libertarian position called the [ night watchmen state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night-watchman_state ) where nothing except police exist to keep the hungry hordes of poor people -- who have zero labor rights or state social welfare -- from rising up and killing the libertarian overlords . 
  neither democrats or republicans are incompatible with consensus seeking and horse trading to get their agenda . 
  libertarianism is incapable of negotiating within a politically pluralistic and open society . 
  well your position is ethically incoherent . 
  murder is bad , but allowing children to starve to death naked on the streets is ok . 
  that is what your position entails . 
  that is because both the dnc and gop exist within the context of being [ value pluralistic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/value_pluralism ) political ideologies that ostensibly seek at least minimal consensus on the issues on the day to move forward . 
  libertarianism is an absolutist political ideology which dictates a certain set of rules to follow to achieve the maximum amount of liberty for the citizens of the state . 
  there is no such thing as moderation within libertarianism . 
  a libertarians ca n't say he is for tax-funded public sidewalks and roads because those are needed public goods , while at the same saying that mass transit is not , just because he does n't like it . 
  a consistent libertarian would not believe in any of those things . 
  taxes after all reduce liberty , so only the minimal state should be funded , if at all . 
  that is why we mandate state-run child protective services in most western countries . 
  you are arguing we do n't need them . 
  i would point to honduras where street children are sold as sex slaves for a few hundred dollars . 
  that is the state you are advocating . 
  that is only part of it . 
  these conservative lawmakers who have been in power for 20-30-40 years in state and federal offices were using a playbook to hamper and prevent the urban poors from accessing the suburban job markets by denying bus service and then light rail everywhere they could . 
  except that the white children of baby boomers are moving back to the cities now and now we are dealing with the suburban poor , so they are doing the same thing in reverse . 
  that is what the [ tories did to the british commuter rail system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/privatisation_of_british_rail ) , once the envy of the world . 
  they broke it up into dozens of companies , which all made their owners -- almost every one a tory supporter -- filthy rich while degrading and eliminating service . 
  so why do n't the people in honduras who must '' ... think its `` ok '' for children to die naked in the streets '' not implement a libertarian solution to their problems since the state has failed to do so ? 
  maybe because no people on the planet has ever adequately protected children 's rights without the state intervening ? 
  show me a country , in the history of the world , where there is no child protective services that has at the same time low rates of child poverty and sexual abuse . 
  i will wait here . 
  if the rich are living off mutual dividend funds , which many 2nd , 3rd and 4th generation rich folks are , they are pulling in money at 60-75 % of the tax rate of the middle class . 
  how is that fair ? 
  what we need are progressive capital gains taxes because people pulling in millions a year in dividends should be taxed at a higher rate than those who are taking in a few thousand . 
  so child homelessness which lead to both of those things happening in spades is ok ? 
  if you do n't believe that children have a right to food , what right do you have to deny them selling their bodies to eat ? 
  so do you support tax-funded child protective services , school lunch programs , and food stamps for children ? 
  i am guessing no , which means you have nothing to actually offer to replace these systems with , which entails your system would dramatically increase child poverty and sex slavery . 
  um , [ honduras ] ( http://www.state.gov/j/tip/rls/tiprpt/countries/2013/215477.htm ) , a state with no functioning cps or really any functioning social safety net for children is real . 
  `` the honduran government provided limited funds to one ngo to provide services to vulnerable children . 
  overall government efforts to identify , refer , and assist trafficking victims were inadequate and almost ** entirely dependent on civil society organizations ** . 
  honduran authorities continued to lack systematic procedures to identify trafficking victims among vulnerable populations , such as people in prostitution or working children . 
  during the year , however , immigration officials received a training manual developed by an ngo on victim identification . '', 
  that is what you are advocating . 
  that is what said viewpoint entails . 
  i am not saying you are , i am saying you are advocating a naive political ideology that would helpless to stop it . 
  drug-induced psychosis imho . 
  just because economic conservatives have been on the wrong side of history for 100 years does n't mean anything , watch this !, 
  if you were a valuable member of society you would have at least a few cars , end of story . 
  some redditors do n't believe that drugs can ever be harmful . 
  yep , a lot of those privately-owned but publicly financed small airports and carriers did that in the 1980 's -1990 's when the government money and loans were still rolling in . 
  then in 2001-2003 we lost like half of our carriers in the usa because the cost of new security measures overwhelmed them . 
  some small airports have only like two or three major corporate or government clients also . 
  they are loathe to diversify passengers because then they would have to compete on the open market instead of competing for contracts . 
  so they would have 10-20 year old processor technology in 10-20 years , meanwhile the usa and europe would still have the lead . 
  if you want to live like that , go join isis . 
  so show me a single example of a night watchman state that is functional throughout history , i 'll wait here sparky . 
  society is about institutions first , individuals second . 
  individuals die , long term change is about keeping institutions alive to affect said changes . 
  ah you can grow facial hair ? 
  neo-confederates and anti-federalists are neat . 
  we should put them in a zoo . 
  it used to . 
  if you buy 5 lb bags , which will last 2-3 months , you can easily find deals for 20-30 cents a lb . 
  each lb makes about a loaf . 
  no , it is impeccable logic . 
  saying that a minimal state is best with not a single iota of proof is the same as saying that the best government is the one that is run by unicorns . 
  you are free to leave sparky . 
  not my onus to prove something ca n't exist , that is impossible . 
  it is your onus to prove something can . 
  so again , a single iota of evidence that shows minimal government works or is even possible or i am just going to ignore you . 
  you do understand that i 'm not the one with the burden of proof , right ? 
  notice the highest comments are pro-russian ? 
  that costs money . 
  if you do n't want to live in a state with labor rights , try isis-controlled iraq . 
  then do n't apply for a union job , are you that dense ? 
  you are deluded if you think labor rights are organized crime . 
  you speak like someone who has never thought about any matter of import in his life , human society , or the greater universe even once . 
  read a book . 
  want to look up how corrupt the corporations that hoffa was fighting ? 
  i 'm guessing you 've never read a single book since high school . 
  nothing you have said addresses labor rights . 
  i mean , i 've heard the anti-worker talking points champ , my right wing loon dad recites them verbatim . 
  i 'm guessing you both are regular fox news viewers . 
  new acct , check . 
  calling someone a shill , lol . 
  so is the sock puppet account yours that replied to me ? 
  he ca n't , he is too crazy on other issues . 
  people will simply dismiss him out of hand . 
  under 8 here in oregon and falling .
