  can they smoke weed then ? 
  bans should have reasons , and default subs should follow the same basic reasons for bans . 
  this dictatorship of the mods with the users having no rights at all has to stop . 
  try again sparky . 
  that is the crappy libertarian concept of rights . 
  reddit protects racists , bigots , and sociopaths in the name of `` liberty '' . 
  do n't like not being served because of the ** no negroes allowed ** sign go build your own restaurant . 
  i 've been around since usenet , so i 'm just going to dismiss you out of hand now . 
  i disagree , mods need better tools than bans . 
  something , i 'm not going to make perfection the enemy of progress . 
  this is a good thing ^ tm, 
  1 tb usd cards will be out by then . 
  i do n't even care if there is racism , just not on the defaults . 
  there needs to be a certain level of standards for default subs . 
  someone had to but it should be under the aegis of the un . 
  there was no way that allowing saddam to continue in power was possible after the 1991 invasion of kuwait . 
  they never should 've waited as long as they did . 
  it is either that or we start using 1000-2000 lb bombs again and obliterate city blocks . 
  bombing by air has always been something that minimized human emotions . 
  what we need is a un security council that holds military powers in check worldwide but that will never happen with terrorists being targets . 
  someone who works with media , design , or engineering ? 
  it would be nice to have all my obj and texture files with me at all times . 
  how often would i use it , not often , but for an extra 500 bucks i would totally get it . 
  ah , the old if you do n't love it , leave mantra . 
  the last bastion of the coward . 
  because i am lazy . 
  i always have my phone and a usb cord though . 
  it has massive economic benefits . 
  i had more savings as a college student . 
  wtf ? 
  i 've never seen a mortgage that did n't require homeowner 's . 
  perfection is too often the enemy of progress which is in reality incremental . 
  you can use milk/yoghurt soaks like others have mentioned or try to overcome it with an even stronger flavor . 
  [ henry bain sauce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_bain_sauce ) is a kentuckian condiment used for gamey meats and is extremely popular in the region . 
  ffs i hope you are never a teacher . 
  yeah , i have an uncle who still thinks north korea hitting the usa with a nuke is possible . 
  honestly if you are well off enough you should be taking out a mortgage for a condo when your kid goes to college . 
  on a cheap condo with a 15 year loan you can have him pay off a 3rd of it by the time he graduates . 
  the problem is that those 50-60k condos are pretty much gone now . 
  bay area will hit 1 million median home price by 2050 , that is if it does n't collapse on itself . 
  that is not music . 
  they look ridiculous . 
  they look like house slippers with velcro . 
  they are 350 dollar house slippers until proven otherwise . 
  still not music . 
  you , you shut up !, 
  water is a privilege not a right corporate citizen , now back to work for your rations !, 
  i especially love the conservatives who are anti-government while working for government agencies . 
  you can tie grocery bags to your feet as well . 
  that girl is punching above her weight . 
  typically unions also make sense only in industries that have a known quantity of skill/labor involved . 
  you wo n't find them much in design/engineering/art for that reason . 
  meh , define higher grade . 
  the places that i 'm seeing that are removing comment sections are n't special in the least . 
  look at the threads on / r/news for the baltimore riots . 
  people were digging through people 's posts histories to see if they could infer or prove people were black so they could dismiss or make fun of their comments . 
  do n't smoke kids . 
  they went out of business here on the oregon coast and portland for the same reason . 
  you know , i disagree . 
  mixing proteins when done right is spectacular . 
  think of hummus-crusted chicken or cheddar and beef . 
  when done right , good beef and lobster do pair well . 
  definately peek in the game now and then , i am on my eso content month right now , and it is a blast . 
  maybe it is time for you to get another mmo to keep things fresh ? 
  i have like 10 because i have problems . 
  they did on the coasts of oregon in the 1970 's because it changed how they prepared for tsunamis . 
  it blows my mind that in 2015 on the other side of the country they are building real estate in areas that will inundated with water within a lesser amount of time . 
  he is wrong , society is n't about individuals , it is about institutions . 
  that is what libertarians and republicans do n't understand , society is n't about them at all . 
  we need automated electric vehicles asap in large metros . 
  if they work efficiently enough , we should be able to make sidewalks wider again . 
  exactly , i ca n't wait till human-driven transportation is completely removed from the cities . 
  do you mind if we put your children and you on a leper island ? 
  also the measles vaccine trains the immune system for a whole host of infections that are similar . 
  it might in the long term be protective against some forms of cancer . 
  texas has been cutting the state budget so fast and so often , that the counties and cities are the only reason some federally-mandated programs are even in operation . 
  50 % of rural health clinics have closed in the past 10 years , and that means people having to drive 2-3 hours each way for cancer treatment . 
  what a utopia !, 
  this is almost always the case . 
  people ca n't hide who they are at work , and bigots assume everyone else are bigots when the people they are being bigoted about are out of hearing range . 
  fuck that , the only way to confront bigotry is through ostracization and ridicule . 
  there has to be a fear of being a bigot to make it go away . 
  this is what southern people say instead of saying they were having a bipolar psychotic episode . 
  xbox one will be hacked by end of year , the sdk was leaked last december . 
  guys even swtor fixed that pronto . 
  i have no idea why the lag is so bad here . 
  i am treating this game as a single player pve until i finish my last faction . 
  lol , as a junkie ? 
  he needs to be a place with support , try the pacific nw . 
  like salem , or . 
  they do n't arrest junkies mostly . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  there are a lot of resources there . 
  lol , compared to eso, 
  they are an invasive species and have caused the extinction of many birds . 
  that is why food and access to said food should be treated as rights provided by the state . 
  especially in those who are impaired or disabled . 
  it is long time we federalized more social services . 
  welp , now you have 500 books to write . 
  pan fry the garlic , mushrooms in butter/olive oil .
