  housing as a civil right also allows us to open up public spaces to 24 hours again . 
  imagine a 24 hour kiosk/food cart mall downtown -- cheap eats , geeky stuff , sex workers -- w/o having to deal with homeless folks encamping upon the scene . 
  portland is ready to go 24 . 
  we need to take a good hard 21st century look at the homeless problem . 
  housing as a civil right is feasible with state of the art construction technology w/o even raising taxes . 
  probably lowering them . 
  you are the problem with portland , not the homeless . 
  your vile and disgusting remarks do n't help anything except your fragile ego . 
  you are a terrible human being . 
  utterly insane . 
  if anything that would be a legitimate constitutional crisis and the clinton regime would have to be overthrown . 
  i 'll vote for trump just to have her indicted . 
  cascadia is n't all that libertarian though . 
  her supporters are low information voters , that is why she did so well in the south and so shitty in the north . 
  the south consumes almost all of its news from television still . 
  as a 20 year long member of the pacific greens , welcome . 
  i have n't voted for a democrat since [ clinton 's third way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_way ) destroyed the progressive wing of the democrats in the 1990 's . 
  no clinton is a progressive . 
  lol , obama brought back more manufacturing jobs alone than bush lost . 
  that was completely unexpected . 
  we have factories working for the first time in 20 years . 
  we need more real people , less techbros . 
  if any journo wants to earn some brownie points go find oregon republicans saying the same bs when oregon raised its min wage above 3 dollars an hour , because i remember them bitching and moaning about it then as well . 
  if people had taken republicans ' advice on the min wage in the late 1980 's oregon would be at like $ 2.35 an hour for min wage . 
  is n't that a lovely thought . 
  [ they do in japan as well ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/yuri ) , which has a similar climate . 
  i personally blame the rain for the rampant unchecked lesbianism here in cascadia . 
  delivered by drones with all kinds of green-themed logos . 
  rain or shine . 
  unless they are vote brigading the posts let us knights of new deal with reposts . 
  is n't that our responsibility if it is not out-and-out spam ? 
  which is obs mod responsibility . 
  if she knows she is guilty , she should drop out now . 
  that would make her a good person . 
  hillary is a right wing authoritarian like trump , only difference is she supports abortion rights . 
  the only huge flag we have here comes out once a year for the gay pride parade . 
  i ca n't believe you were downvoted for this , are there cruz supporters in pdx ? 
  all of human culture is storytelling . 
  federal immunity means the clock is ticking . 
  if hillary had any common decency towards the electoral process she would drop out of the race . 
  she is currently a selfish opportunist ; however , if she dropped out now facing prison with some dignity that would make her a good person in my book . 
  problem is idiots voting against their own interests . 
  if you make above min wage now , you are very likely going to benefit as well by a min wage increase . 
  my dad has gone from calling obama a * muslim socialist * to a * nigger muslim * since trump has been running . 
  this makes a lot of sense . 
  i 'm considering cutting him off from me and his grandchildren . 
  i think the only thing that will get through bigots like this is ostracization from family and friends . 
  i recognize my own . 
  hold me, 
  i do n't want bigots around my kids . 
  period . 
  it is 2016 , fathers simply are n't important relationships anymore for lots of folks . 
  at least my father has never been an important figure in my own life or anyone 's i know . 
  he has been estranged from most of his own family for twenty years . 
  my brother has n't talked to him since the 1990 's . 
  his own parents wrote him out of their wills . 
  not really . 
  texas 's textbook cultural war shenanigans only affect the south and midwest . 
  the west coast and the northeast - the more civilized parts of the usa -- are not affected by this . 
  they do have the internet , but if you are in a red state any deviation from jesus , republicans , and guns is verboten in some families . 
  it is cult like . 
  southerners and midwesterners are livestock in human form . 
  i do n't speak corn can anyone translate ? 
  i do n't speak pig . 
  idiots think contrarianism is being intelligent . 
  by adding the ns-93 foam cannon hopefully . 
  we need non-violent weapons in this game . 
  i live in oregon we have no sales tax , you guys are weird . 
  poor people pay less taxes , middle class a little more , and rich a lot more in oregon . 
  is n't that how society is supposed to work ? 
  when one faction has more than both factions combined , that is just too much . 
  anything over 50 % becomes ceaseless zergs and spawn camping . 
  not exactly fun . 
  put the non-member overpop on the continent with the least overpop . 
  let the members in . 
  we have 96 + zergs with 12-24 defenders for hours each day , how is that fun ? 
  at the end of the day this is a game and needs mechanics to keep overpop in check . 
  jefferson davis waifu best waifu . 
  this morning is 96 + zergs with 1-24 defenders , there is no hope . 
  right , so there has to be a better solution than allowing 50-60 % overpop zergs ruining the game mechanics . 
  i love how everyone has a simple solution to this complex problem . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  setting a 12 month period in which alimony is allowed is what we are talking about . 
  did you get your talking points mixed up, 
  at the state dept no way , that place is running on a skeleton crew atm . 
  it has presence in 200 locations worldwide of course there are going to be a few odd things . 
  animatrix made more sense than any of the movies . 
  that would imply there could never be institutional change of any kind , that is ridiculous . 
  he is white . 
  i hope we get three terms of president trump just so they can go on adventures together against the pesky millennials and muslims . 
  propaganda from soccer moms to them hip millennial cats . 
  * you do n't need universal healthcare right now . 
  * you do n't need college education as a right at all . 
  -- insert laugh track, 
  vote hillary 2016, 
  the only difference for 90 % of users is that it keeps rice heated longer without them becoming mush . 
  some of them can keep rice at temp for 8 hours . 
  any 40 dollar rice cooker from costco in the year 2016 will make damn good rice for most people . 
  i have both but my simple one from costco is easier to clean so i use it 99 % of the time as i almost always eat rice immediately after cooking . 
  good sauce on bad sushi is still good sauce .
