  so it is a crapshot if the paint on your walls is just a few layers of latex over lead paint . 
  i love watching a bunch of old men take turns on a pouty manchild . 
  yep , a single act of plumbing can cost half a million dollars in damage . 
  it is the mole peoples ' now . 
  some of us loathe mechanical . 
  my misophonia and me prefer an utterly-silent membrane keyboard . 
  fanboys are n't that interesting to me . 
   alginate, 
  this is the only correct answer . 
  i 'm a former pastry chef and this is how we did it for vegan/sometimes kosher folks back in the day . 
  [ you have to buy it commercially ] ( http://www.aliexpress.com/w/wholesale-alginate.html ) as far as i know , i 've never seen it in stores . 
  20 bucks of it will last you a year or more for home use . 
  calcium chloride you can find in any high end restaurant supply store . 
  people read newspapers back then like we watch tv , right ? 
  how many hours of reading was in one of those papers back then on average ? 
  it looks like a good 2-3 hours to me . 
  i can read through my local print newspaper today in 30 minutes sometimes . 
  i just spit out 10 dollars of whiskey , i hope you are happy . 
  i started writing just 100 words every morning during coffee a few years ago , as a ritual besides smoking cigarettes with coffee . 
  i 've now got a mess of two novels and about three dozen short stories that need proper editing or the fire , but they are mine . 
  i just wanted to say i totally support healthy waifuism . 
  i learned about it after a friend revealed to me he had one , and at first i laughed , but he told me the story of how it came about and it made a kind of sense . 
  i 'm just laughing at the absurdity of there being polyamory amongst the pillows . 
  wtf has this blogger done with his life that is so special ? 
  he looks like a guy who [ just got lucky writing tech stories at the right time ] ( http://www.alsop-louie.com/team/stewart_alsop/ ) which allowed him to invest in other people 's projects and get rich . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but this guy does n't code or do engineering , he is just a hanger-on to the wider tech community with a wallet . 
  it sucks working in a place that caters to rich people . 
  you are inevitably forced to be gracious to this level of assholishness just to keep your job . 
  i worked as a pastry chef in a ski resort and the difference between the expectations of the middle-class families who were just happy to be able to take a vacation together vs the trust fund kids who were on an endless vacation from reality was wildly apparent to every person who had to deal with them . 
  i can remember multiple times that these pricks would make an order off the custom cakes/pastries menu and then be infuriated when told that a wedding or two we were hosting that weekend meant they would n't be able to get their order in the time they wanted . 
  so they would throw a shit fit , and management would comp them extra nights or drinks just to get them to shut up . 
  some of these people are healthier because of their waifu , some are not . 
  i 've been following the general community for a while , and not uncommonly you read about how people with waifus are living better lives for their imaginary significant others . 
  stopping smoking , going back to school , a better job etc. 
  to be blunt : i 'd imagine it is as healthy as living one 's life for an imaginary deity . 
  lots of folk do that . 
  the great thing is that you do n't even have to know what you are talking about to get into finance . 
  less than half of the brokerage firms out there beat index funds , and they still get paid millions/billions . 
  everybody wins !, 
  nonsense . 
  pure anarchism would mean no constitution and i sure as fuck do n't want to live a world of majoritarian whims . 
  ancaps will be the first people turned into soylent green . 
  that whole line of thinking is wildly naive . 
   once i have a gizmo that provides everything for my self ( sic ) and can protect me from everyone else 's gizmos, 
  so , you think human society is going to devolve into warlordism with robots and that somehow is a good thing ? 
  imaginary friends can be healthy . 
  i think this culture has healthy practitioners as well , but again some not so healthy . 
  it is a mixed bag , but this drama is certainly absurd either way . 
  the question i 've been thinking about lately is this : what happens when vr and ai team up to make characters that interact and grow with people in a human-like way ? 
  except they do have their community . 
  it may be online for the most part but who ca n't say that nowadays . 
  it seems to be relatively supportive for the most part , with practitioners making healthier life choices for their waifus/husbandos and what not . 
  in 20 years when we have artificial wombs in sex robots , these people will be looked at as pioneers , maybe . 
  except we should n't be making people live off what little savings they have just so they can eat . 
  that is just a poverty trap . 
  in some states you ca n't even have 1000 dollars in assets . 
  which wo n't even pay the rent in some places . 
  this shitty economy is partly due to state and federal law making it ever easier to hire temporary employees . 
  the metal fabrication shop we use used to have full time employees with decades of experience each , now they have a few full time employees with a legion of temporary workers . 
  quality has suffered , but there is no reason to move to another supplier , they are almost all like that now . 
  a revolving door of low-paid workers is not a good thing . 
  i 'm sure watching 100 anime series about middle-schooler japanese teenagers piloting giant robots and reading ayn rand makes this guy some sort of super saiyan , just saying ... 
  it is a bit sappy and i might be misremembering some details but here goes . 
  he was homeschooled in a religious home , so the only children he knew growing up were his siblings . 
  the bible was their main book -- of course , but they were n't so strict as to not allow them to go to the public library . 
  he went there almost daily and fell in love with one of the characters from the stories he read . 
  pippi longstocking . 
  when he turned 18 his parents kicked him out for questioning their parenting of his brothers/sisters -- they were physically , psychologically abusive . 
  so he lost everyone he knew or cared about in the world in one go , except pippi longstocking . 
  she was still there for him in the books he had . 
  when he wants to imagine a world in which he actually saved his brothers and sisters and lived a happy life , he imagines them in a world with pippi longstocking as his partner saving them all , someone he feels he can always depend upon himself . 
  his brothers and sisters still wo n't talk to him . 
  anacapism , stupidity/selfishness crystallized into walking/talking manchildren incapable of rational thought . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about , and should stop or do n't . 
  either way i 'll be laughing at you . 
  it used to be lower-skilled jobs that had temp workers . 
  now the scheme has taken over large swaths of every industry . 
  there are people with engineering degrees working 3-6 month contracts at 60 % of the rate of full time employees . 
  going from gig to gig like seasonal farm workers . 
  i do n't understand why temporary workers should be allowed at all for companies that are n't using them temporarily . 
  if a company has 50 % temp workers for a decade , how is that legal ? 
  best to do a thing and said you did it afterwards i 've found . 
  telling others you are going to do something is almost the same as doing it in your head . 
  just do it . 
  it also reveals how anti-democratic these folks are . 
  they are out-of-state yahoos with a libertarian/mormon ideology telling oregonians that their duly elected judges , sheriffs , politicians are all fired , and now they are in charge . 
  fuck these people . 
  like what ? 
  climate change denying cranks or are you alluding to gun violence studies ? 
  i do n't see how it is any different than those who believe in a personal relationship with a deity/unseen force . 
  i am seeing it through a layman 's anthropologist 's lens like [ roman lares ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lares ) , ancestor worship in asian cultures , or the like . 
  i agree with you on the psychological aspect to a degree , but physical contact/proximity with inanimate objects can produce healthy emotional responses . 
  i myself go to my father 's grave and ruminate with what i think he would say to me sometimes about my life and the choices i have made , is that so unhealthy ? 
  it is what happens when the production team is run like a sweatshop to push out an anime before the merchandising deals dry up . 
  what these libertarian manchildren are finding out is that the toxic political policies that they cherish are being espoused and implemented by religious authoritarians . 
  it must be mind boggling for them . 
  what do you mean the same people who favor allowing businesses to discriminate on race also want to lock me up for smoking weed ? 
  do n't they understand it is about the liberty man !, 
  ( cries into rand paul husbando pillow . ), 
  all good points , and in honesty i do n't know ; but i wonder this , what if waifuism is n't always escapism but can be a way to safely experiment with emotional relationships through role playing ?
