  i do n't speak libertarian manchild , anyone want to translate ? 
  what are you taking about ? 
  spoken like someone who thinks only libertarians have a concept of negative liberties . 
  have you even read nozick and rawls, 
  if you take any philosophy class at the 300 + level , it will cure you of the delusion of libertarianism . 
  so bring back the guillotine . 
  reddit is the groundwork for a really fucked up ai in the future . 
  the 1990 's were different times . 
  man boy love was celebrated among many christian communities . 
  capitalism is just a certain type of class war codified as normal . 
  economics is n't a fucking law of nature . 
  we can change it . 
  just imagine how many mars shots for humanity have been missed because some billionaire wanted to be richer . 
  federalized europe w / an american-style problem of states ' rights v federal rights where they send in eu troops to enforce human rights . 
  just get a slow cooker and put it in on a shelf in the garage . 
  spending 2-3x to get to 20 % thc from good ol 15-18 % is not financially savvy at all . 
  yet my wife seems to always be convinced it is a better high . 
  we need a better community college feeder system in rural areas , and that means building more campuses with everything from fabrication labs to viticulture to nursing etc. 
  every oregonian should be able to freely accrue college credits , regardless of their income . 
  we need to treat education throughout a human life as a right of some sort . 
  try finding a competent machinist under 50 years old . 
  the old trade schools are gone , the unions are gone , and the few jobs that remain people are learning what was once considered a skilled trade on the job for minwage + . 
  per capita workplace injuries are rising in the us and falling in china . 
  we need separated bike lanes and all autonomous vehicle roads . 
  i could simulate the cold water by letting the pee pool in my seat . 
  roads build themselves . 
  you write like a blathering freshman . 
  aim for salience . 
  also be succinct . 
  you do n't have to hide owners , most citizens do n't pay attention . 
  rand paul would let states vote on segregation again if given a chance , he is a nutter . 
  we like our marijuana . 
  is much going to change though ? 
  the walton family conservatively has enough wealth right now that it will take 1000 's of years to deplete it if they kept it completely in the family . 
  other countries with similar socioeconomic problems and gun control have less gun deaths . 
  i mean duh , your strawman is absurd . 
  easy access to guns . 
  their beans are awful , worse than taco bell . 
  learn to cook/bake with it . 
  find a recipe online for cannabutter you dig and try it out . 
  yes , as long as we can hire one of those caricaturists with an airbrush to draw what we democratically will as / r/portland all night . 
  is there a rent-an-artist location like home depot has for home remodelling ? 
  which is why moving unto single payer as americans -- and if needs be first , oregonians -- we could look back on this era in utter puzzlement for crimes like this which are almost unknown currently in nations with socialized healthcare systems . 
  do you sleep with your car in the living room ? 
  sounds like she needs someone to help her out from spousal abuse at this point . 
  i doubt mr. klein considers melissa his equal . 
  oracle 's 1:1 project manager to programmer ratio gold star of excellence program now with more underpaid temporary workers . 
  only needs to be done once though . 
  someone is up past their bedtime . 
  unlike you , you know healthy you , sometimes these people with wheelchairs live in places that are not yet or may never be wheelchair accessible . 
  i know you think a lot about yourself but try thinking about other people sometimes . 
  they sure think a lot of themselves . 
  yet , none of them seems to be anything more than an edgy overeducated wannabe cosmopolitan alt-journalist . 
  maybe it is time portland demand writers who actually give a fuck about portland , and are n't just some middle bourgeois genetic dead end with an mfa . 
  dimension catnip . 
  max to downtown is 20 minutes on a good day . 
  at least klamath falls has seasonal forest fires and blizzards . 
  what does beaverton have ? 
  no we 're not . 
  we just need to be willing to build what amounts to mid 20th century housing projects to do it . 
  build tube hotels for the homeless . 
  i do n't care what libertarians think about anything tbh . 
  sometimes apathy alone is not enough to institute authoritarianism , vote republican or do n't vote at all !, 
  reading from a place of privilege in portland , or where i can walk to the light rail station and get groceries in 30 minutes i think we need to invest more in public spaces , institutions , and infrastructure the south . 
  a reconstruction 2.0 , if you will . 
  if we ever make community college free at the federal level , the south should go first . 
  yeah , that technology park built out in the 1980 's by oit is n't even 10 % full yet . 
  gun owners think the solution to gun violence is more guns . 
  they are utterly delusional . 
  get a supreme court who is willing to rule sanely on the well-regulated militia aspect of the second amendment . 
  who cares . 
  let 's look at any of hundreds of other countries with colleges and stricter gun laws , and why they do n't have this sort of problem . 
  want to know why modern armies do n't use swords ? 
  do you know how many times we hid the teacher 's car keys from her purse in elementary school ? 
  enough to know that adding millions of guns to schools is a stupid , stupid , stupid idea . 
  subarus roaming free . 
  so you are arguing that we just abandon laws because people break them ? 
  so less people dying is a good thing , right ? 
  cincinnati-style chili just got a whole lot more interesting . 
  the battle for free seattle . 
  hence , sanely . 
  yep , too many fucking single family units in american metros . 
  portland , or is going to have to come up with something like 400-500k rental units alone in the next 50 years , and they are going to have a helluva time finding space for them . 
  single payer from senator to veteran to everyman . 
  that is n't how the supreme court works , go to bed kid . 
  / r/redpillwomen advice, 
  so syria must be really safe right now . 
  since you are not willing to ban guns , i guess we 'll just do that without your input . 
  if you want to live in a society that worships guns over reason join isis , adults are trying to have a discussion here . 
  i do n't worry about disarming someone , i 'm not mentally ill . 
  adding 10 million guns to the equation would mean kids and mentally ill teachers would have better access to guns . 
  it is tres delusional . 
  the problem is that gun nutter think american exceptionalism should be borne by the blood of dead children . 
  that would n't of prevented this . 
  you are delusional . 
  i do n't care . 
  the us and yemen are the only two countries with a constitutionally-protected right to firearms . 
  i 'll treat american gun owners like i would treat the yemenese . 
  because 10 million teachers are going to keep holstered weapons on them 10 hours a day . 
  dumb , dumb , dumb ...
