  if you extrapolate the rates of growth for the 0.1 % they will double their amount of wealth ownership in 20-30 years which would be 40-50 % of all wealth in the usa . 
  do you think their should be hardcore porn on at 10 am on a broadcast channel ? 
  i do n't understand , are you some sort of libertarian who does n't understand how regulations work because of brain trauma ? 
  citizen 's united was explicitly in part about paying for political messaging on the broadcast medium . 
  i 'm not here to give you notes about what amounts to common knowledge about american politics . 
  rivers on fire is a feature , no reason for government regulations of waterways we all depend upon . 
  that would be impinging corporations -- who are immortal with no morals -- liberty !, 
  i 'm not arguing against capitalism , i 'm arguing against oligarchy . 
  russia has instigated a civil war in bordering countries . 
  can you show me where nato did that ? 
  sela , and she reprised her role on star trek online . 
  no he was n't ; or he would have had better control over the questioning if that was a red line that he did not want crossed . 
  i am sick of professors stopping awesome interactive programs like this because one college kid , one year did something that went against very ill-defined policies . 
  asking what a person ate in a concentration camp is a fully reasonable question to ask as a historian . 
  lots of buzzwords and an editorial justifying billionaires . 
  i 'm just going to dismiss you out of hand . 
  the us was still at 60-70 % electrification until the late 1960 's . 
  there were entire towns of 10 's of thousands of people who if you did not have a generator , were stuck in 19th century-level of living . 
  what grinds my gears is that the baby boomers , who about half of them benefited from federal electrification policies which provided huge grants and made them all public utilities , have been the number one obstacle to getting internet as a public utility , let alone grants to do so . 
  because you are claiming that human society benefits from wealth being concentrated in fewer and fewer hands , and then handwaving about the poor being better off because texting is a little cheaper . 
  how does your handwaving address my point that social inequality will be increasing at such a rapid rate that within two generations less than 1/10 of a 1 % of the population will soon own 50 % of all capital ? 
  do n't quote me , that just wastes space for the thread . 
  we are n't talking about whatsapp . 
  we are talking about an entire class of people who have vastly more amounts of money than anyone else that have taken over the political system and gamed the economic markets through regulatory capture , removing labor rights etcetera to make themselves ever richer . 
  do you not believe that free markets and labor rights can be compatible or that both should exist in a free and open society ? 
  i never made any claim about a cap . 
  bifurcating ... do you mean socioeconomic classes ; do you actually not believe that there are substantial ideological and material differences between people to base social theories and policies upon ? 
  should billionaires be eligible for food stamps ? 
  it does n't matter how much capital is in the world if the vast , vast , vast majority of people are not benefiting from it 's increase . 
  you are arguing for neo-feudalism . 
  i do n't have time for this . 
  bill gates was involved in the largest antitrust violations since the 1930 's . 
  google same thing in europe . 
  you are seriously claiming whatsapp is worth 19 billion dollars which is 1000 's of lifetimes of min wage work ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't because i am sane . 
  does anyone know of the first major movements against public compulsory education came from in the colonies before the usa ? 
  was it from the subsistence farmer class or was it from particular religious institutions ? 
  i 've always been confused about that . 
  this is n't about whatsapp . 
  this is about about one socioeconomic class vacuuming up more and more of the economic gains of society . 
  if the average person is creating 1 unit of wealth but is getting less and less of that same unit as time goes on , how would you address that ? 
  an unfettered free market would pay almost nothing for skilled labor because the economic , social , and political reality is that it is very , very difficult to move from one place to another for most people . 
  before the advent of labor laws like min wages , do you really want to go back to that ? 
  i think raising the min wage , for starters , would be a good stopgap to prevent more wealth accumulating into fewer and fewer hands . 
  from there the necessary wherewithal is needed to enact progressive taxation schemes and campaign finance reforms that prevent those with the most that benefit from economic gains while everyone else loses by gaming the system would be a good start . 
  so more handwaving and still you have n't refuted any of my points but instead you drag up the whatsapp strawman over and over again . 
  i 'm certain you are one of those guys who always thinks he is the smartest person in the room . 
  tl ; dr you are n't . 
  so every administration should bear the evils of the ones that preceded it ? 
  you do n't know or wo n't admit what a strawman is and you are advocating an absolutist position on prescriptivist grammar -- without knowing what that even means -- instead of discussing the issue at hand ; which is : how do we as a society collectively deal with the increasing problem of social inequality . 
  i 'm done . 
  yeah , i 've obviously lost my grasp on reality today by replying to you cogently and coherently multiple times until i realized you were n't engaging in discussion with me , you were munging together talking points , which should of lead me to dismiss your opinions out of hand . 
  thanks for reminding me , that way i wo n't waste time on people like you in the future . 
  you are an example to others . 
  authoritarianism always needs a scapegoat because absolutist political ideologies , left or right , never work as promised . 
  which has nothing to do with my point of social inequality increasing , which literally shows that 90 % of americans are becoming poorer . 
  you ca n't take a sale of a company to a single individual and try to apply that to the larger and far more complex socioeconomic system that has doubled the amount the well-off have in wealth and vastly decreased it in every other class . 
  the poor are getting poorer , the middle class is getting poorer , and the top quintile is doing alright but if you think that the top 0.1 % doubling their share of the wealth in a single generation is a-ok , well we have nothing to discuss . 
  da 's in states that have not decriminalized possession can pretty much stack 20 + years of felonies against you and then plea you out on a single misdemeanor for drug crimes . 
  who the hell is going to go to trial when the option is 20 years in prison or 2 months in jail ? 
  `` once upon a time , the american economy worked for everybody , and even the middle class got richer . 
  but this story has only been a fairy tale for almost 30 years now . 
  the new , harsh reality is that the bottom 90 percent of households are poorer today than they were in 1987 . '', 
  where do you think most of the wealth 90 % of americans have is besides their homes ? 
  it is the equity in their homes that defines most american 's financial reality between having enough to retire and borrow from and bankruptcy . 
  dismissing that as unimportant to the issue of wealth is strange to say the least . 
  well , i do n't care what you are comfortable with accepting for economic inequality tbh . 
  the king of yellow journalism ? 
  i am not sure if serious . 
  i like how the sheriff is claiming that the deputies who were standing 5 feet away did not hear a gunshot . 
  people complain about tasers but they used to beat the shit out of you with clubs . 
  notice how many old black men have limps compared to white men ? 
  there is no way they would handle a hot potato like that . 
  yep , and the racist majority here on / r/news will just downvote us both down . 
  i have no idea why this is a default . 
  my friend was like that . 
  his wife ended up joining a bowling league and leaving him for a carny tattoo artist named rosalind . 
  he is the only man i know who has a 9 monitor setup to play star citizen when it comes out though . 
  it sounds great but when you look at what 51 % of people would be willing to pass throughout history it does n't look so great anymore . 
  gym lockers like high school lockers are trivial to break into . 
  oh good sexism and racism in a default . 
  even yamhill pub is pretty nice . 
  holy fuck , fuck that . 
  that the un , albeit imperfect , must eventually be the foundation of a federalized worldwide government based on comity and consensus . 
  the reason being is that with drones and nukes , eventually even smaller nations will be able to pose existential threats to the entire planet . 
  railing against it is pointless , it must be reformed to have democratically-elected representatives and then we hold on tight and go from there . 
  3 4k 60 '' screens and 6 30 '' monitors . 
  crazy thing is , he has more spending money now . 
  she liked going out to 200-400 a night restaurants , he eats taco bell by the barf bag . 
  why do n't we crowdsource a constitution and bill of rights online and invite the planet ? 
  we will have to do it eventually anyways . 
  leftovers , tonight i ate some barbacoa wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla with black bean hummus as a spread . 
  i was living in a gated community in southern california at the time . 
  my parents who were still going to clubs left me , my sister , and 6 neigbor kids to a 40 '' rear projection tv and never came back that night . 
  my dad brought a tree home he had ripped out of the golf course after him and my mom came home after sleeping over at my aunt and uncles . 
  well to that night again , after the sound of the garage door closing we were left to our pubescent upper class selves . 
  think fancy frozen foods and mexican brick weed . 
  i lost my handjob virginity to sailing by rod stewart . 
  when i lost my vaginal virginity 5 years later i actually was humming that song drunkenly . 
  the girl did not know the song .
