  no i do . 
  i am just wondering if the cryptic engine 's api allows interfacing with any middleware frameworks or toolkits or is it entirely proprietary ? 
  i am simply going to dismiss any claims of anarchism out of hand . 
  we had a homeschooled freshman back when i was in college who could not understand how she got pregnant because she washed all up in there with soap afterwards . 
  draw call limits are enforced to compromise between playable and performance for a wide swath of systems . 
  some game engines allow more tweaking than others but until something like dx 12 comes out and ups the ante do n't expect the bleeding edge to be flawless . 
  if you think 2560 is bad try 4k . 
  goes from 40 fps to 12 on dual r9 rig . 
  agreed , an mmo is never going to have as stable of a framerate as a single player game either . 
  using yogurt or sour cream instead of milk is good too . 
  was it steam-powered ? 
  i wish they would make nuclear-powered paddleboats . 
  oregon had 70 % turnout , vote by mail works . 
  police unions need to be ricoed like the mob . 
  google plus used to be horrible for this . 
  adults are talking , go away . 
  i kinda doubt you have an answer on why your own particular brand of anarchism is correct and the other two dozen or so are wrong , or how you are going to implement direct democracy on a scale of billions of people . 
  can you please stop wasting people 's time ? 
  no one cares what an anarchist thinks about anything . 
  bs , you ca n't even hit that if you make millions a year . 
  this is n't a pissing contest . 
  anarchism and libertarianism are both absolutist ideologies that have no place in a pluralistic democratic society . 
  both claim that nation states are irreconcilable with their own peculiar notion of rights ; however , the vast , vast , vast majority of political philosophy would assert that is nonsense . 
  that civil rights enumerated under common or constitutional law are the only type of rights that have ever existed has n't even been argued seriously against in over half a century . 
  not since nozick 's nightwatchmen state thought experiment . 
  sharia law can be argued as a natural rights philosophy , yet there is no way to objectively differentiate between islamic and libertarian claims to nr . 
  claims to knowing a perfect set of rights deserve extraordinary proof . 
  libertarianism , like islamic legal theory rests on an appeal to faith that the founders were the most rational or most holy men who ever walked this planet . 
  i will not apologize for attacking two dangerously alluring but in the end naive political philosophies . 
  i 'm a pluralist , i do n't mind a big table for everyone , but i will not have someone tell me that if i give up my civil rights enumerated under the state that i will be more free . 
  i 've seen nothing in history to back up those claims . 
  lol , you are delusional if you think you have to be 6 ' to be healthy at size 10 . 
  sounds to me like you have never dated outside of highschool and now that women are getting their hips , you are n't getting your shoulders . 
  hips are sexy , they are the male equivalent of broad shoulders . 
  shit your pants worked for ted nugent . 
  that is how he lived long enough to reproduce and not get shot in the back in nam . 
  slow down or we are going to make / r/carpentry a thing . 
  easiest method i 've used is a 4x silicon over-sized cupcake pan with a spray of olive oil . 
  pop right out . 
  easy to clean . 
  buy a silicon muffin pan . 
  if nasa was so smart they would be able to locate god . 
  28 % in texas . 
  obviously it is a free market wonderland where venture capital is thrown around like confetti , right ? 
  oh , silicon valley and seattle in democrat-led states each receive more venture capital than texas ? 
  how can that be ? 
  why do n't they want to move those new tech jobs down to a 100 + degree fuck you i got mine paradise ? 
  people do n't realize how much sugar is added to restaurant food , and that adding a tablespoon of sugar here and there to savory dishes makes them taste good . 
  outside downtown , portland is an urban planning nightmare going forward . 
  beaverton has a higher population density than the se . 
  that is scary . 
  it was in a report arguing for something for trimet using new census data that was being bandied about a few years ago , let me see if i can dig it up . 
  it is something like this , and it is only if you take in the whole se . 
  texas is half of the average for vc per capita in the us , i thought this was well known ? 
  notice how early stage funding in texas is slowing down dramatically ? 
  no one wants to move new companies down there . 
  almost all vc in texas is 2nd and 3rd round at the moment . 
  hell , utah will likely surpass texas in the next 10 years at this rate . 
  either way , we are going to need land to build on . 
  people in trimet have been pointing out for 10 years that we ca n't have car dealerships and strip malls taking up prime real estate near max stations but you see that on the west and east side . 
  that alone would give us close to 200k housing units from what i understand . 
  the problem with our urban planners is that no one wants to be the one to send in the bulldozers . 
  in the 1990 's it looked like texas was going to be the next ny or california but the state has n't had tech savvy leadership in a long time . 
  there are pockets like austin but the vc has been moving back to the coasts after 20 years of crazy people running the state . 
  1st round vc funding is declining 20 % per year in texas though . 
  rick perry did n't do jack to attract funding for texas tech companies . 
  utah has increased 60 % in the same time . 
  instead of building moderately-priced office space they built premium office space and condos . 
  both of which have seen a 50 % decline in peak value , and the office space sat 80 % empty for 5 years . 
  beaverton city council was delusional at the time , they thought they were going to become something like palo alto is to san francisco . 
  what we need are younger pragmatists , what we have are baby boomers who like to build prestige projects . 
  the car dealerships especially . 
  at this point i 'd be willing to give the metro gov more power , considering how mismanaged the west side is . 
  the south and texas are increasing their rates of stds per capita , esp with adolescents . 
  while almost the entire rest of the country is decreasing . 
  guys , this is not good going forward . 
  yep , which is why healthcare should be single payer for everyone so people can get birth control without their parents approval , and why we need federally-mandated sex ed throughout the nation . 
  the south and texas have seen dramatic increases in rates of stds while other states are decreasing . 
  in oregon it is taught alongside health or as a separate class at the elementary , jr. . high , and hs levels . 
  we have dropped our pregnancy and std rate for adolescents in half from the 1990 's . 
  free markets do n't solve sprawl . 
  they create it . 
  the alternative is ugly , which would mean pushing out all future high density development to the suburbs . 
  something that can in theory work , polycentric cities , but not in the timescale we have to work with . 
  so what is likely going to happen is that those 4 story no parking space condos will half ass us to the middle of the 21st century while largely unplanned high density residential blobs will emerge in the burbs . 
  how that will all be tied together with our already stretched thin transportation system , no one knows . 
  we ca n't build more highways on either the east or west side . 
  that ship has sailed . 
  did you look him in the eyes and finish ? 
  did you even read the article ? 
  everything must be built on existing transportation corridors , so only if we are lucky . 
  to show what happens when you do n't . 
  single story craftsman houses like that in berkeley , across from san francisco -- which is in dire need of affordable housing -- go for 700-800k a piece now . 
  you might think that is great as a homeowner but think of the property taxes you are going to be paying . 
  you 'll never be able to retire . 
  2 million by 2100 . 
  i know how much houses cost in the bay area . 
  does n't mean it makes for sustainable cities . 
  houses in near oakland are already hitting 500k . 
  if you are talking about slums sure .
