  slow progress is better than having massive political uncertainty every 20 years . 
  sure . 
  what we as americans need is a constitutional convention and to reach consensus on how to structure our society , protect human rights , and limit our government going forward . 
  maybe we can do it online and invite as many people to the table as possible this time around . 
  remake what it means to be an american . 
  maybe even invite women this time . 
  / r/onlineconstitution or something . 
  when your political party is n't actually addressing the issues of the day and instead perpetuating policies that have failed in the past the best way to get people to continue to support you is to provoke animus against people with better ideas than you . 
  the animus provoked by the tories in the uk and the republicans in the usa against their political opponents and scapegoats like immigrants , scientists , and drug users is misdirection to prevent their voters from realizing they are voting against their own social and economic interests . 
  adversarial populism undermines democracies the world over , and it usually does not stop until it has utterly fucked up everything . 
  then a brief era of pragmatism and progress occurs before a critical mass of people start freaking out because society is changing too quickly for them , and boom you have another conservative backlash which attempts to create a political environment wherein progress is abetted by any means necessary . 
  the conservative backlash against single payer is because conservatives do n't consider liberals , single women , etc as fellow human beings like them . 
  they used to pull electrical wires through the copper piping for the gas lines which prevented vermin from getting at it . 
  modern electrical wiring that is not done in conduits is far more prone to being chewed by rats as they usually just staple it to wood . 
  yep , and it has been suffering economically for it . 
  something like 1 in 5 businesses in the bay area either do not expand operations each year , or actually ship jobs out of the area . 
  so when you look at employment numbers in the bay area you have a glut of households making over 200k a year and then almost nothing till you get down to 40k household income , which is what they are paying service/retail folks . 
  it is utterly unsustainable long term . 
  the gini coefficient is over .500 , and in some areas like palo alto it is .700 that is pretty much feudalism . 
  his party also limited hours or shut down polling stations in democrat-heavy districts . 
  in oregon and washington , we vote by mail . 
  we have over 60 % voter participation , and republicans have been crushed in almost every single statewide election since then . 
  when more people vote , reactionary parties lose . 
  gop does n't actually advocate any real solutions to the problems of the day , they just promise to do the opposite of the democrats . 
  anyone who has studied the economics of history knows this , but lower taxes , lower taxes , lower taxes . 
  sure , sometimes there are reasonable efforts needed to lessen or eliminate taxes , especially regressive ones ; however , when a politician says lower taxes , this almost universally means fucking over the poor and middle class . 
  as a way to get votes it is almost impossible to counter , eventually a political party preaching the refrain `` lower taxes '' will get into office and start slashing programs and defunding institutions . 
  this happens worldwide . 
  the fed does n't need an audit , its financial activities are already transparent . 
  the problem has been its political activities which are currently a revolving door of industry insiders regulating their friends , and operating opaquely . 
  this bill would make it easier for us as americans to see how the fed operates . 
  / r/news replaced it and it is an effing shithole of bigotry now . 
  maybe we should be thankful we are no longer a default . 
  also once electric cars are standard respiratory illnesses and heart disease will plummet . 
  titties . 
  that is correct though , the males of homo sapiens give birth through their penises . 
  i ca n't wait for the first reddit bot capable of doing an ama . 
  texas had the lowest voter turnout in the country last year , i think 28.5 % . 
  oregon had 70 % . 
  oregon has legalized marijuana and will likely be passing legislation by the end of the year making two year community college free for all residents , and providing no-default loans via the state for four year degrees . 
  looking at the legislature of texas today , the only thing holding them back from rolling back civil rights and environmental regulation is the federal government . 
  voting by mail should be the law of the land in every state . 
  i almost had a heart attack when i logged in and it made that sound the first time . 
  because the people who are voting are scared shitless of change , and those that want change assume it is inevitable . 
  ai n't anything inevitable when it comes to politics . 
  just because we have had a modestly progressive curve to american politics over the past 250 years does n't mean it has continue this way . 
  if the gop wins big in 2016 and appoints 2-3 supreme court justices , lots of civil rights taken for granted today in 2015 , might disappear for a generation or two . 
  oregon might have paid maternal leave and no default college loans for residents by 2016 . 
  no vacation days mandated though . 
  throw a nukara web mine in the back as well , they work hilariously well together . 
  i ca n't even keep up with new genres that are being created on soundcloud anymore , let alone single songs . 
  [ check out the experimental stuff in just the last month . 
  ] ( https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=experimental&amp;filter.created_at=last_month ), 
  if anyone has any proof of such happening , i 'd love to read about it . 
  i searched and could not find an example . 
  not even a chatbot . 
  i found one with some creators of a chatbot [ from three years ago ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/kglw8/we_are_the_creators_of_the_automated_bots_on/ ) -- which is not a true ai btw . 
  they did it in the victorian i went to college living in , gas was disconnected though . 
  i live in portland , or about 9 months a year and when me and the missus have parties there we deal with so much needless dietary drama . 
  that gluten-free craze pissed me right the fuck off . 
  had a fucking dude dressed like an effeminate lumberjack last summer lecture me about the evils of gluten while drinking a 6 pack of olympia . 
  try them all . 
  all i know is i turned on the bbc and watched something called [ rab c nesbitt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoxlk865nx0 ) and i did not understand a single word of it . 
  i believe texas has almost no statewide zoning laws . 
  so if it unincorporated , i think anything goes pretty much . 
  4.7 % nationally in high schools ? 
  should 've, 
  respeccing is not expensive in game , there is no reason not to try them all at lower levels . 
  none . 
  but you can try them at low levels . 
  you can level to 20 in less than an hour per level of gameplay , which is enough to know if you want to play the race . 
  what i 'm saying is that trying them all is not that much of a time sink , and he should do it . 
  he is the one that is going to be playing the toon in the end , and it is his subjective experience that will be the deciding factor . 
  investing a week in seeing what you want to play by making two or three toons is my advice . 
  china was like north korea about 50 years ago . 
  it 'll never happen at that level . 
  only hope is the feds at this point . 
  guys , this is why electing das is such a shitty idea . 
  because of campaign finance laws , that means they can be bought and sold like a politician . 
  which is legit if you are talking about throwing someone in prison for the rest of their lives . 
  i went on a first date to an art museum and got stuck talking to my ex-gf at the rape of medusa in the temple of athena about mythical rape . 
  did not get a second date but got back to together with my ex later that summer . 
  tech as an industry itself is n't going to burst , it is far too robust and diversified now . 
  pockets of libertarian tech utopias like parts of the bay area and nyc will . 
  see what is happening is because nyc and sf have had a string of city governments rolling back renter 's rights , and affordable housing is that they their [ economies are slowly bleeding jobs , and even entire companies are leaving ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-05-07/here-s-how-much-new-york-and-san-francisco-s-tight-housing-markets-are-hurting-the-economy ) . 
  wall street firms after 2008 realized around half of their expenses could be cut if they moved 10 miles in any direction , and tech companies in the bay area are coming to the same conclusion . 
  they could 've continued major affordable housing projects but they got greedy , and now they have cities whose gini coefficient is approaching levels that are pretty much feudalism where most household income is either the working poor under 40k a year or an increasing glut of people making over 120k a year , and there is almost nothing in between because the middle class , including more and more people outside of finance/tech fields can no longer afford to raise a middle class family in the city . 
  to put it into perspective the amount of money one would need to qualify for any home loan in the bay area is approaching 200k/year . 
  yet there are people down there who think their 2 bedroom single story craftsman in oakland is going to be worth 2 million dollars one day . 
  they are utterly delusional , it ca n't go on like this forever . 
  tl ; dr the real bubble is silicon valley/nyc as an exclusive enclave for the entitled tech class . 
  fuck that . 
  if they want to hate america deport them . 
  that is only because of [ massive subsidies for oil , defense , and cattle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_texas ) . 
  if texas was a separate country investing in its own infrastructure , i doubt it would be doing as well as it is . 
  yeah , popcorn starts rapidly declining after about 6 months of storage . 
  average household income to afford a house in the bay area is now approaching 200k . 
  it is probably about 10 years from collapse . 
  tech bubble is too decentralized now , silicon valley might lose some of its prestige though . 
  should n't 've,
