  the homelessness , suicide rate , and other socioeconomic problems of veterans today are a direct result of the dismantling of that support . 
  so you support isis on the open web ? 
  marked you as an isis supporter . 
  we have drones to deal with terrorists and to reduce collateral damage . 
  let 's use them . 
  as someone who would have to take opioid painkillers if he did not use marijuana i do n't think you understand how debilitating they can be . 
  portland has the most resources for autistic kids/adults in oregon . 
  they pointed sniper rifles at federal agents last time and no one got charged . 
  they are emboldened this time , they will likely shoot . 
  larger heat signatures -- fatter folks -- should be easier to target the terrorists . 
  if they want to exploit natural resources on blm or np land there is a fucking process they can go through without becoming whiny manchildren terrorists . 
  after this no one who participated in this debacle should ever be allowed to own a gun after a lengthy prison sentence . 
  i do n't think these libertarian manchildren terrorists understand how vital the high desert wetlands in the cascades are to billions of birds on this planet or they do n't care . 
  either way i value the migratory birds more than these obnoxious lying seditionists . 
  i always cut thinly across the breast and thighs just under through the skin a few times to create deep cuts for the spices to attach too . 
  more surface area = more taste . 
  there is a damn good reason for that . 
  we are still cleaning up tailings from gold mines from the 19th century in the west . 
  uranium mines are a fucking disaster . 
  what should be talked about is mta expanding as it did into connecticut with the two counties serviced there and cover parts of northern new jersey . 
  there is no reason for separate transit authorities that near nyc . 
  everyone knows that but getting nj to hand it over is going to take political momentum from commuters from that state . 
  a single mta pass should cover any commute under 50 miles one way from nyc imho . 
  the problem you are going to be running into is that nj transit is more embedded with political appointees and more corrupt than even the mta . 
  it is not like the us does n't know where these mineral resources are . 
  they are just reluctant to have companies come in and extract them in some of the most critical natural habitats for birds on the entire planet . 
  from alaska down to mexico in the interior of the mountain ranges that run down the coast 1 in 5 birds worldwide migrate through . 
  there is no such thing as a clean gold mining operation . 
  make sure to find the places that serve it on a crunchy roll -- it will be flakey ; some of them use what taste like enlarged hot dog buns . 
  [ i have a recipe . 
  ] ( http://www.yummly.com/recipes/dog-meat?prm-v1=1 ), 
  at least i can read at a 5th grade level . 
  does your stance on any civil rights depend on aliveness or humanity at all ? 
  game needs a much , much larger variety of encounters . 
  i like sto 's foundry system where people can make missions . 
  that does n't even take into account his lack of charisma . 
  i ca n't read your writing . 
  what is with all the punctuation ? 
  african union soldiers still ca n't stop genocide alone on their own continent , which is what needs to happen long term . 
  well i guess that means pacifists wo n't be voting for the meathead candidate in 2016 ? 
  oh wait , no party is running someone who served in the military for president . 
  maybe it is because of all the ieds and tbis ? 
  political pluralism , in working with other parties to seek consensus and deal with the issues of the day is foundational to the health of any democracy . 
  let 's not forget recent history , ted cruz was the last holdout in the, 
  senate during the shutdown . 
  he was asking for the longest-serving senators from his own party to come supplicate him with political offers to stop the circus . 
  they do n't hate him , they loathe him . 
  do n't underestimate the power of populism . 
  libertarianism does n't believe in political pluralism btw . 
  they believe they have all the answers . 
  nozick wrote directly against political pluralism . 
  ah , so you are just an asshole ? 
  i 'm 38 , the democrats lost me at the first clinton . 
  green party or sanders , fuck establishment democrats . 
  well , maybe it is required for you to move to a state where there are more people like you . 
  like syria . 
  we just use pint mason jars on a wall-mounted ikea shelf with a .25 '' lip but we use a lot of spices . 
  we go through a cup of pepper a week . 
  so trump is a friends with a rapist ? 
  not a convicted one . 
  fuck you gun owners for downvoting this . 
  maybe we need to instead start paying bankers less . 
  the finance industries ' pay rate has increased rapidly in the past 60-70 years while other white collar industries have declined . 
  there is no reason for this except because they can . 
  why the fuck should rich boy 's moneymakers have less regulation than a normal joe 's 401k ? 
  it goes beyond that to nepotism . 
  look at the debacle in the [ doj investigation into nepotism ] ( https://oig.justice.gov/reports/2014/s1502.pdf ) a few years ago . 
  ask yourself why there was no similar investigation into the sec . 
  economics 101 is a model , not reality . 
  the idea that the price ceiling for labor in finance is n't being manipulated by actors inside its industry is ludicrous . 
  there are people paid to at least say they know those things . 
  that 's nice . 
   the model can not account for the growth of the financial sector, 
  between 2001 and 2006 based on the fundamental needs of the corporate sector . 
  want to make a citation chief ? 
  because that looks plain as day to me as rent-seeking . 
  i 'm not seeing anything but hand waving . 
  do you have a point ? 
  i paid off my home 16 years ago . 
  that mortgage payment has been invested . 
  so you do n't have a point ? 
  180k from oregon taxpayers like us . 
  i am fucking infuriated . 
  to put it into perspective , those finance guys that fucked us all over were still getting raises and bonuses after the 2008 debacle they caused while us normies had to deal with pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps . 
  the bailout of american banks saved millionaires from the inconvenience of having to reign in their obscene lifestyles while the rest of us suffered homelessness , bankruptcy , and dropping out of college . 
  the bankers and financiers need to suffer . 
  so anything that does that including not electing clinton is a good thing . 
  do you have counter citations for any of that ? 
  as long as your colleagues do n't bore you and your students challenge you , are you happy doing it the rest of your life ? 
  i was majoring in education my first two years of college before i could no longer stand being surrounded by not-so-brights . 
  i ended up in civil engineering . 
  still a lot of not-so-brights , but not as many as education majors . 
  lizards are n't related to dinosaurs . 
  i 've been to syria before the civil war , have you ? 
  you do n't seem like the worldly type . 
  well i understood it , and descriptivism wins all day , every day . 
  perish is now again a transitive verb . 
  i 'm going to perish the shit out of it . 
  do you eat it with a fork ? 
  who eats fries with a fork ?
