  same with muslims , at least here in oregon . 
  invite a muslim couple to a party and at least one will drink , invite more than a couple and they wo n't . 
  is that a lich ? 
  what should also legitimately piss everyone off is that even our comic books for children do n't deal with all the issues that children experience . 
  in japanese media there are openly sexual middle schoolers , dealing with their first time with other middle schoolers because that is when most humans experience sex for the first time . 
  there is typically little to no overt nudity . 
  this is a topic almost wholly left out of any american tv , comic book , or any other media because of fear of being labelled child porn . 
  these laws have distorted reality . 
  that is the big picture of clinton 's corruption , and should be reiterated at every opportunity , but what drives her as a person besides lust for power and money ? 
  what has hillary been consistent on besides support for `` women 's issues '' which every democrat on the national stage has been proponents of since the 1980 's ? 
  the dominating brogrammer lifestyle has turned sf into a generic metro filled with starbucks and chipotles . 
  we are pacific nwers , we are n't savages , we all vote by mail . 
  everyone . 
  we have 60-70 % voter participation as a result . 
  he also oversaw the most dramatic decline in black male hs graduation rates due to the war on drugs , among other things . 
  the clintons are all about identity politics , till it comes to the time to actually represent them . 
  i 've been voting pacific green for two decades , if sanders does not win the nomination , that is n't changing . 
  those gary johnson supports must not have very good reading comprehension skills . 
  can anyone name a single policy of bernie 's that is libertarian in the slightest ? 
  buffet libertarianism is incoherent bullshit and a sham ideology . 
  we do n't caucus we are n't people of the corn . 
  none of those are based on bernie 's supposed libertarian side . 
  try again . 
  you were the one who claimed bernie sanders has libertarian views on issues , not me . 
  bernie sanders is n't basing his policies on civil libertarianism , you do realize that right ? 
  imagine having to build infrastructure like light rail around people who do n't want to sell their land . 
  it would be impossible . 
  about half of his introduced bills are to defund obamacare , against gay marriage , or to prevent dc from enacting human rights legislation . 
  how is the rent ? 
  rubio was the wanker who helped ted cruz extend the federal defunding debacle . 
  i have no idea why anyone has n't brought that up yet . 
  as someone who travels internationally it boggles my mind that americans think that by arming themselves they are protecting themselves from tyranny . 
  the alternative is places in china where they build freeways around houses . 
  it would be a fucking mess to sort it out with the cease fire treaty we have now . 
  china is part of the agreement but so is the un . 
  it is an old-school internationally declared war . 
  it could take years to negotiate . 
  the vast , vast majority of nork equipment is more than 30 years old . 
  it would be a helluva spectacle but south korea alone could handle them . 
  i 'm 40 . 
  let 's all get real for second -- gentlefolk of planet earth ; we need a defense for this sort of stuff . 
  let 's give the space engineering folks a lot of money and point at the stars and say , `` do n't let the rocks hit us please . '', 
  japanese anime incoming . 
  which in that time would have to deal with b-2 lancers dropping cluster munitions day/night . 
  the b-2 lancer/cluster bomb combo was made to deal with massed troop movements , it would be a slaughter . 
  as someone who lives in an earthquake zone that makes me shudder . 
  lol , their command and control centers are antiquated 1980 's soviet throw offs . 
  they would be a headless starving army in a matter of days . 
  yep , older politicians used to lie a lot more , and get away with it . 
  the internet 's ability to store and retrieve information is our great equalizer when it comes to old school slimes like the clintons . 
  the only thing usn fleet week here for portland means is that our bars are full for a weekend . 
  bidets are mandatory for living with people of japanese descent because of their propensity to overestimate their constitutions when dealing with dairy . 
  in cascadia , you can get [ thai and indian salmon curry cheap ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=salmon%20curry ) . 
  especially during salmon season . 
  as someone who grew up in this era , it astonishes me how many young democrats are willing to uphold bill clinton or hillary clinton as people we want anywhere near the presidency again . 
  bill clinton abused his authority at every single level of office he was elected at to get some poon on the side , then hillary like clockwork would slutshame his accusers . 
  they are a real pair of slimey assholes . 
  you do n't need conspiracy theories to argue against a hillary presidency , you just need her own words thrown back at her . 
  as a civil engineer , where do you think roads come from ? 
  this is a dude who literally abused his elected office multiple times to coerce women into sleeping with him , at the very least . 
  the rape accusations against him are not hollow . 
  wtf ? 
  do the clintons not understand how the internet works ? 
  [ bill clinton takes it like a man . 
  ] ( http://www.hulu.com/watch/88807 ), 
  my wife is a japanese american and has really bad lactose intolerance , she also loves cheese . 
  i could weaponize my wife 's digestive system to turn weebos off of japanese women forever . 
  she has farts that smell like fermented fish from the beginning of the universe . 
  jabba the manchild . 
  bill clinton admitted to what , five affairs while holding public office ? 
  also with 20 + women claiming some form of sexual misconduct the guy is a slime . 
  hilary also has repeatedly demeaned these women before and after bill admitted to the affairs . 
  clintons are scumbags . 
  how many affairs does the average american have ? 
  how many americans can depend on their spouse to be at their side accusing the people their so is sleeping with of being sluts ? 
  i 'd really like to know why you consider this behavior to not be of the assholish variety , because it sure as fuck does not fit into my experience of how things like cheating/adultery/internfucking are handled by my friends , family , and colleagues . 
  there 'd be blood in the courtrooms and divorce lawyers feeding . 
  when you are elected to an office and use said office to fuck interns over and over again , it is not a private matter . 
  the public should know every lurid detail . 
  [ act t-4 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/action_t4 ), 
  the elves have sailed to the western lands , the manchildren rule now . 
  that is how federal governments work . 
  they should have their homes razed and their herds confiscated . 
  um , the parking pawl in an automatic transmission is adequate for flat surfaces . 
  it is only put under strain on inclined surfaces , which by every state dot regs should have the manual parking brake engaged on . 
  what are you arguing for , a confederacy ? 
  i agree about people never using their manual brake though on inclined surfaces . 
  it is maddening . 
  i knew a guy who parked his boat trailer and suv w/o engaging the manual brake on a really slight incline and it ended up in the middle of the street when he went to bed . 
  am i the only one who shoots the corners when entering a room ? 
  utter bullshite , there are 1000 's of videos of her checking her smartphone or blackberry . 
  you can see her scrolling and replying ffs . 
  she must think we are utter nincompoops , who ca n't read her elite -- slimy -- body language . 
  she is n't the fool ; no instead , she thinks we are the fools . 
  fuck the clintons . 
  outrageous class nepotism ; that is what we are dealing with here folks . 
  we , as americans , need to root out any unpaid internship bullshit , across all industries . 
  work means pay , i think we can agree on that . 
  right ?
