  some mining accidents have had rocks bigger than skyscrapers become dislodged and fall thousands of feet . 
  yeah , it was in south america . 
  i ca n't find the infographic . 
  i think it was the nytimes . 
  [ ecofascism is a thang . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecofascism ), 
  they both were made to carry a fuckload of ordnance to destroy massive troop movements . 
  that is about what 100-120 cruise missiles if they were fully loaded ? 
  all of nato is there in one way or another . 
  there were 5 tu-160 's and 4 tu-95s . 
  i wonder how long russians can keep them in the air ? 
  portland has helped integrate vietnamese , russian , chinese , laotian , somalese ( sp ? 
  ) , rwandan , refugees etc. 
  these people fleeing from the madmen of isis are in good hands here . 
  thanks , did not sound right . 
  can he be a cyborg in this one, 
  those arsonists who failed to integrate were mostly from muslim families that have never moved beyond the dole . 
  france needs work programs like new deal america to get these people out of their fucking houses and ditchdigging for their country . 
  imagine waking up with that thing sucking on your toes . 
  the tu-160 is one of the most mechanically complex airframes ever made . 
  the skills like fabrication , welding etc needed to work a 40-year old titanium airframe ai n't cheap . 
  neither is the engineering technicians , mechanical/electrical/systems engineers who have been updating them with new parts and assemblies . 
  the amount of people who work on the composite airframes in the usa can fit into a football stadium . 
  russia is still slowly bleeding engineering and science talent to the west . 
  i highly doubt your appraisal of russia military/industrial prowess being able to keep these airframes up indefinitely . 
  the sound of dumb people having sex is rather unpleasant . 
  we need more things to download apps for . 
  i want to download apps for my microwave oven to scan a upc and set the timer . 
  women are 60 % + of college graduates at the moment . 
  most of them young men without jobs or hopes . 
  we should assign everyone in isis a big brother . 
  do n't worry my recent fallout 4 experience has got me covered . 
  90 % of every truereddit post is whining , stop whining and leave . 
  nothing like topping something with bigot sauce . 
  i ca n't wait to attack and defend penis-shaped buildings . 
  which kennedy plenty were and are shrewd political tacticians . 
  that is an asset for the gop . 
  name a news story that the blaze broke or controlled the narrative of in the past three years ... 
  how was jfk just a, 
   millionaire daddy 's money playboy, 
  his handling during multiple cold war close calls are studied today in political science classrooms around the world as an example in pragmatic statesmanship . 
  i find your claim spurious and biased . 
  40 + mods on fo4 on pc right now . 
  yer here , do n't ya see this pseudointellectual hallway monitor bullshit dragging down the quality of this sub, 
  are you trying to be clever ? 
  is this how you think intelligent people talk ? 
  hardest difficulty is meaningless unless you can increase the spawn of legendary enemies , something console peasants ca n't do . 
  btw , the one thing i see on reddit with personal info dumps is that too many people use the same account name across multiple websites . 
  if you are doing that right now , you are making it trivial to find your real identity . 
  my mom is like this . 
  i can ask her a simple question like what type of ice cream she wants and it 'll turn into a rant about obama being a crypto-muslim . 
  these sort of people should be removed from our society forever even if that means they should remain indefinitely institutionalized after their prison sentence . 
  people this sick need intense therapy and strict supervision for the rest of their natural lives . 
  for both their benefit and ours . 
  you can make your own ecto cooler . 
  it is pretty much just equal parts tangerine and orange flavors with a bit of lemon . 
  we 've used our soda maker to make a carbonated version and it is pretty good . 
  [ recipe for making ecto cooler . 
  ] ( http://nerdist.com/relive-the-80s-by-making-your-own-ecto-cooler/ ), 
  you are uncouth . 
  fox news turns old people into bigots with talking points . 
  is there an academic paper describing the physical phenomena going on with the roof-of-the-mouth cutting cap'n crunch ? 
  if not , there should be . 
  he also spent half of his adult life in the military doing some pretty heroic stuff . 
  i do n't concede your point . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can get fresh squash in denmark . 
  acorn , butternut etc all make good substitutes . 
  roast them and discard skin , use as canned pumpkin in recipes . 
  add a handful of roasted peanuts , a few tablespoons of hot chili oil , and some scallions/fresh chilies/etc to a few pounds of deboned chicken thighs and then grind . 
  makes an excellent sausage . 
  if it is orange it should be fine . 
  they are all descended from a common ancestor . 
  roast , let cool , peel skin off . 
  use as canned pumpkin . 
  the nylon gears are quieter . 
  he looks like a supermutant . 
  it is easier to justify immoral beliefs when one absurdly polarizes everything and makes everything a litmus test . 
  i bet if you asked this guy what kind of peanut butter he liked he would consider the people who like the other kind as subhuman . 
  he is an idiot . 
  turkey is russia 's largest user of natural gas and winter is coming . 
  we are planning three different strains for 11 adult guests and two edibles . 
  anyone who partakes with no dd will be sleeping here . 
  do n't let people drive intoxicated this season !, 
  spilled beer smells like concentrated garbage water . 
  anyone who grew this season should have a lot laying around . 
  i hope he gets intensive therapy and spends the rest of his life institutionalized , studied by grad students . 
  fascists !, 
  those poached eggs and toast were divine . 
  many of my walk of shames passed through there . 
  protip for boozers : a few cheap orders of poached eggs and toast will let you daydrink a bad lay away . 
  liquid hot dinosaur eggs ftw . 
  old portland let anyone with a dead parent passing some middle-class money to open up shop downtown . 
  there were , er was a lot of heart and soul poured into spaces . 
  that is mostly over now . 
  what we are seeing is yarn shops , specialty pet stores , and my favorite the endless retro clothing/furniture shops with $ 500 fifty-year old sears end tables . 
  these are n't the stores of the middle class . 
  get a 30 dollar space heater off amazon with free shipping . 
  got one in my office . 
  housing needs to be a constitutional right of all oregonians . 
  nothing fancy , but something .
