  lol , no it is not more nuanced . 
  90 % of the posts on the facebook feed i keep for my family are from retired republicans who ca n't say a single nice word about black people or poor people or immigrants . 
  show me the nuance in demanding that guns be turned on protestors , black women are all welfare queens , or we should build a minefield on the border with mexico ? 
  all that sort of toxic political hatred is what i see when i choose to interact with conservatives . 
  people should n't be dependent on whether or not someone wants to donate to charity . 
  india has the largest amount of charities in the world and some of the weakest state infrastructure . 
  guess what ? 
  the poor there want the state to step in . 
  unless you pay a membership fee and agree to it they have zero right to search jack or shit . 
  because we live in america and that is how things panned out . 
  if you want to not tip at restaurants campaign for a living wage of 15 dollars or so . 
  that is my friend sterling sheldon , he lives out where they filmed that scene . 
  that is for reasonable suspicion of theft , they ca n't detain every single person who walks out of the store . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  itt some neckbeard who has a wikipedian-level knowledge of the world talking out of his ass . 
  in the us , nobody has a right to search you without probable cause , a warrant or your permission ( barring exceptions in the patriot act . ), 
  i do n't know what kind of 3rd world country you live in , but i live in america . 
  thin fried spam is awesome . 
  spam musubi is awesome . 
  it is so good on pizza . 
  you ca n't even spell , i 'm not going to engage a mouthbreathing bigot like you . 
  that is why i added potato flakes . 
  it works , breadcrumbs did not work but potato flakes did . 
  gives an almost plasticine finish though . 
  juicy is only one of many kinds of mouthfeel you can be shooting for when you cook meat . 
  there is nothing wrong with jerky or sushi , or anything inbetween . 
  what a lot of steak snobs do n't understand is that the mouthfeel and taste they like is entirely subjective . 
  no , it is not fucking relative . 
  sex education works , and dinosaurs did not fucking co-exist with jesus . 
  why the hell is n't this automated, 
  did he disappear into south america in the 1980 's never to be heard from again ? 
  if i do n't drink at least 8 cups of coffee by noon , i get the shakes . 
  i would suck it out of used coffee filters if needs be . 
  well fuck , i am an engineer . 
  i guess the onus does fall on my kind . 
  i 'm going to make them solar-powered snails with antenna , when the pollution gets bad the antenna will be red , when good green . 
  would be neat if they made an automated facility that could conform to any ship . 
  so sad that she is batshit crazy now . 
  one of my grandfathers was a bomber during ww ii , the other was a marine who stormed pacific islands and specialized in demolitions . 
  the one who was a bomber killed a lot more people , but the other had to sit and wait for the japanese that survived to stop screaming before he could move unto the next emplacement . 
  the one who was a bomber is still alive today . 
  my other grandfather walked off a bridge in the 1950 's . 
  i guess the opposite end of this is having her bound up and thrown into your sleepy hole with you . 
  any good movies on this ? 
  takes balls to have one enemy , let alone two . 
  a deserter would have to cross into ally territory who could n't be assured he was who he said he was . 
  he could be shot on sight by either side . 
  it is even happening in their mmo [ marvel heroes ] ( https://www.marvelheroes.com/ ) . 
  x-men are not even featured on the front page since i do n't know 2013 or so . 
  i can give you a [ simple invite ] ( https://www.simple.com/ ) if you need one . 
  kidney beans are too starchy for me . 
  i would have to add half a package of cream cheese at the end or so . 
  lol , nope . 
  what we need is what the uk has , if you want social services you have to go to a job centre , and they can cut them if you do n't take jobs offered . 
  not all those kids are moochers . 
  up to 40 % of homeless teens were kicked out of their homes for being homosexual . 
  you are persistent with your ignorance , i 'll give ya that chief . 
  that was fucking illegal . 
  as many as [ 40 percent of homeless youth identify as lgbt ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/lgbt/2012/07/12/515641/study-40-percent-of-homeless-youth-are-lgbt-family-rejection-is-leading-cause/ ) , and a new williams institute study of youth shelters confirms this estimate . 
  between october 2011 and march 2012 , 354 agencies completed surveys about their clients and found that about 40 percent of their homeless and non-homeless clients were lgbt ( 9 percent of whom identified as bisexual ) . 
  about 30 percent of clients using housing-related services ( like emergency shelter and transitional living programs ) were lgbt . 
  `` they '' is a big umbrella , there are plenty of them that do . 
  i have an autistic friend who will not eat any meat unless it is dry because she slathers everything in mayo . 
  to each their own . 
  just depressing seeing all the hatred for what is in the end only affecting one person . 
  do you think the bigots here in / r/portland care about any of that ? 
  they do n't think of homeless people as human beings like them , just a nuisance like rats or californians . 
  stopping every person leaving a store is not justifiable . 
  you sound like a power-mad min-wage security guard type that could n't cut the psych profile to be a real cop . 
  how close am i partner ? 
  have them wander down the streets to eat homeless people at night . 
  i thought 7-11 was ? 
  that was my point . 
  all misdemeanors should be expunged after 3-5-10 years depending on the severity , so long as no other convictions have occurred , imho . 
  there are tons of self-study certifications out there that can get you an entry-level gig . 
  from a + to cisco to microsoft to leed etc. 
  go to the job sites , type in entry-level . 
  apply to everything that is even remotely interesting to you . 
  you need to get a resume up on as many job sites as possible . 
  looks like you are going for tech stuff . 
  go for monster.com , dice.com , and sort local craigslist ads by date posted . 
  hit cl hard , because by the time someone is posting there for a tech , they are desperate . 
  also , you should be able to get your record expunged eventually . 
  mark that shit on a calendar , good luck . 
  most hr software wo n't even let you do this . 
  way easier to find a better paying job , he is only making 14.50 . 
  there are entry level jobs that pay more than that . 
  get a resume out on some websites and start seeing if you can get a recruiter calling for something with a higher rate of pay . 
  [ look for an entry level job that pays what you make or more . 
  ] ( http://www.indeed.com/q-entry-level-l-washington,-dc-jobs.html ), 
  many entry level gigs pay more than that with increases possible . 
  wait , you work only one day a week ? 
  i did this , spent about 20 % of my take home on my mom after she retired and moved into a smaller place . 
  it really depends on how fucked they are , how fucked are they ? 
  learn to code . 
  it will increase your salary 20-30 % or more . 
  if you want to do some neat stuff . 
  ah , hard to read context on phone , sorry . 
  not all work well . 
  food co-ops esp .
