  new phone . 
  yeah new phone , new account . 
  that is the way i roll son . 
  why not both ? 
  you lack imagination . 
  big diff between a 2 day old acct and one with one comment . 
  i am guessing you are n't the smartest of your family or friends . 
  do you want me to put that in crayon ? 
  well one of two things . 
  you are paid russian shill . 
  or a delusional contrarian manchild . 
  it is 18-24 months in oregon to get housing for someone with this level of needs atm . 
  so we are currently warehousing them in hospitals at 1000 's of dollars a day while they wait . 
  it is because racism is ugly and your father does n't want to say the word he really is thinking . 
  go to a place that still sells magazines . 
  find one that you like that challenges your reading skill . 
  go to amazon.com and get a subscription . 
  you will have new reading material every month that you want to read . 
  i esp like when libertarians try to claim random people throughout history as libertarians . 
  [ let 's add one . 
  the obvious solution is to bring back slavery and enslave the teachers . 
  also has native sasquatch . 
  pretty sure you can kill a mentally ill white person as easy as a black person in america . 
  well perhaps , but the main reason the us does not want to waltz into nigeria guns ablaze is because it is a [ conflict zone that extends across 5 countries ] ( http://www.polgeonow.com/2013/05/nigeria-conflict-map-boko-haram.html ) . 
  all of them with different political realities that would make us involvement problematic , all of them part of the african union which has its own defense forces , and they know the terrain and people better than the us . 
  the domestic problem with fighting boko haram in nigeria is that until very recently it was a group that killed mostly rural people in small numbers . 
  so the wherewithal to deploy troops , which are largely made up of lower middle class urban folks who protect and patrol the cities , is the last thing the central government wants to do . 
  it would leave them naked to popular uprising . 
  yeah , i do n't know where this spurious notion of the 1960 's being a time when there was a great swath of young liberals who somehow turned into conservatives when they got older comes from . 
  i suppose it is because of the pictures , films , and other media that has come out of that era being especially concentrated on the civil rights and countercultural movements . 
  neither one was consistently large except in very limited geographic areas like coastal california and the greater ny metro area . 
  people forget , the street protests against the vietnam war , while made up mostly of younger people were organized largely by vietnam , korean , and ww ii veterans . 
  in fact , the vietnam war was less popular among people over 60 than people under 30 when it first started . 
  morlocks and eloi . 
  no , not since 1985 . 
  they used to have a `` fleeing felon rule '' in almost all states which made fleeing officers a felony , which justified deadly force . 
  in fact in some states , you were required by law to use deadly force if you were armed and saw a `` fleeing felon '' which meant anyone fleeing the police . 
  `` tennessee v. garner , 471 u.s. 1 ( 1985 ) [ 1 ] , was a case in which the supreme court of the united states held that , under the fourth amendment , when a law enforcement officer is pursuing a fleeing suspect , he or she may not use deadly force to prevent escape unless `` the officer has probable cause to believe that the suspect poses a significant threat of death or serious physical injury to the officer or others . '', 
  the police -- also those who pay 2500 dollars to be `` police '' -- are killing black males like runaway slaves , animals on safari , and now like [ canned hunts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canned_hunt ) . 
  the da is never going to prosecute this . 
  the only hope is for federal charges , which also are not likely . 
  it is because specifically the desire for government transparency is anti-authoritarian ; however , there are absolutely both right-wing and left-wing authoritarian governments at the source of these policies . 
  identifying the ideological basis why a particular piece of legislation is being considered is an important step at confronting those who would benefit from said legislation . 
  in this case , as well as nationwide , the impetus for this chilling of civil rights is from the local and state police unions , and the fraternal order of police . 
  they are and have been the the top 5 contributor to political campaigns in every city , county , and state election for nearly a century . 
  yet they comprise less than 1 % of 1 % of our population . 
  if you want to fight them , you are going to have to do it with dollars . 
  happens regularly in west africa . 
  pretty sure sun tzu never had to do urban planning on the scale of a major american metro area . 
  um , you should be on medicaid , and medicaid has better acceptance rates than any private insurer . 
  if you are on free obamacare , that means you have medicaid . 
  call your health provider . 
  it is n't worth it unless you have a cheap reliable car imho . 
  yeah , both of those will send police btw . 
  do n't stop the circlejerk ya jerk !, 
  as someone allergic to hops i disagree . 
  unhopped dry cider is essential for life . 
  as an engineering student the abuse that liberal arts take just to maybe get a job is startling . 
  unpaid internships are like slavery . 
  look in hillsboro and gresham , they are on the max . 
  i grew up in coastal norcal and where i lived had 200 morning fog days a year . 
  i really miss that . 
  if you say anything even remotely like you are going to hurt yourself they will send the police . 
  it is not a fine line , it is a huge grey area . 
  my friend , who also was going through a divorce mentioned he had guns in the house while on the suicide hotline . 
  the police were there pounding on his door about 30 minutes later . 
  when they came , he was the most suicidal he had ever been in his life but he refused them entry , and never called the hotline again . 
  they will absolutely send police if you mention methods of ways you are considering suicide apparently . 
  that is why i always live in a place that forces me to commute by rail or light rail . 
  i have been getting 1-2 hours of reading done every day i work for 20 years . 
  yep , ask a gop voter what current economic legislation is being pushed by their party and you will get a single refrain . 
  low taxes . 
  thank ronny raygun . 
  `` the fairness doctrine was a policy of the united states federal communications commission ( fcc ) , introduced in 1949 , that required the holders of broadcast licenses to both present controversial issues of public importance and to do so in a manner that was , in the commission 's view , honest , equitable and balanced . 
  the fcc eliminated the doctrine in 1987 , and in august 2011 the fcc formally removed the language that implemented the doctrine . '', 
  i like the idea of keelhauling those who obstruct government tbh . 
  humans who vote . 
  it was because the baby boomers , who were mostly done using government social services and infrastructure to raise their own families decided low taxes sounded a whole lot better than sane and responsible governance . 
  freedom of speech on a broadcast medium with limited spectrum and sold off to the highest bidder can only be guaranteed with something like the fairness doctrine . 
  you do understand that , right ? 
  people forget but the republicans in the 1970 's refused to believe that lead caused birth defects and wanted it kept in gasoline . 
  that is where the first big organized effort to disband the epa came from . 
  we are dealing with people who are so thoroughly anti-science that they would destroy the very institutions that protect us from lead in children 's toys and keep rivers from catching fire . 
  how is having five corporations owning 95 % of the airwaves to require opposing views censorship of any kind ? 
  i would argue the fairness doctrine implicitly requires free speech , and the elimination of it was the death knell of freedom of speech for americans in the broadcast medium . 
  that would be fine and good if capital were more evenly distributed , currently we are looking at half of all capital being in the hands of less than a few tens of thousands of people , who mostly inherited it , in the next 20-30 years . 
  that is n't capitalism , that is feudalism with an aristocracy inheriting half of the wealth of society . 
  something has to be done , the question is what . 
  if a government wants to put regulations on public airwaves they should absolutely be able to do so , corporations are n't people . 
  corporations did n't have absolute freedom of speech until citizen 's united , one of the most reviled supreme court decisions in us history , are you seriously going to defend it ? 
  the other side is that the semi-federal eu is fucked because it 's member states can not currently set monetary policy , how much money is printed , they can only collectively set financial policy or what the interest rates are for government bonds eurozone-wide . 
  hypothetical : so which eu treasury bonds is the average institutional investor going to buy with their hard-earned euros : german or greek government bonds ? 
  if you answered german , the current balance between investment in the two is almost 100:1 . 
  this is why the usa has a single central bank that sells government bonds , if we did n't , and the south had their own , the people living there would be in even more dire poverty than they are now . 
  until the eu gets their shit together and becomes a formalized federal institution with a real functioning treasury system , which precludes dozens of central banks being involved in a single exclusive economic zone , there are going to be huge winners like germany , and pretty much everyone else will be riding boom and bust cycles like parts of the usa did before the federal reserve system was implemented in the 1930 's . 
  read the grapes of wrath , that is what is happening in europe right now . 
  entire state economies are collapsing so people are moving to states that are reaping the benefits of those failures by getting ludicrously cheap and desperate labor . 
  `` wealth inequality in the us is at near record levels according to a new study by academics . 
  over the past three decades , the share of household wealth owned by the top 0.1 % has increased from 7 % to 22 % . 
  for the bottom 90 % of families , a combination of rising debt , the collapse of the value of their assets during the financial crisis , and stagnant real wages have led to the erosion of wealth . '',
