  we are also paying less for contracting out graphic design now than we did 20 years ago , that is a sad commentary on that industry . 
  i do n't know what they are paying the artists but it must be barely over min wage . 
  lots of different startup communities , sounds like you 've been around the brogrammer crowd . 
  they need to grow up or they 'll turn portland into another silicon valley-lite like seattle . 
  startups also exist doing stuff with social science like urban planners or hard sciences like biology . 
  those guys are way more interesting to be around . 
  their big ideas happen in the real world . 
  good luck in the scene . 
  ca n't be avoided at a single sex institution either . 
  humans like sex . 
  the bbc has exploitative shows about people on the dole as well . 
  nannies are 30-40k a year in portland , or . 
  what are the prices elsewhere ? 
  it is because the affluent millennials who are raising kids in downtown portland are paying those prices . 
  all the other millennials scrapping by are finding daycare centers impossible luxuries when just a generation ago they were reasonably affordable . 
  it is obscene . 
  triple those prices for portland , or . 
  it was two generations during the rise of the industrial revolution where workers were more fairly compensated for their labor . 
  it wo n't happen again . 
  it is not for everyone . 
  me and my wife both can work from home but if we have kids , which is increasingly likely , we would hire a nanny . 
  it would n't be fair to us or the kids to try to do everything , and neither me or my wife will quit working until we die . 
  the average salary is south of 40k and is half contractors . 
  you are n't a pe though . 
  so what do you engineer ? 
  yes , had a wee dude on my computer desk this summer who ate pinches of fish , salami , and hamburger . 
  he held some sashimi above his head and ran back behind my monitor last time i saw him . 
  i miss him . 
  part of doing secret projects is manipulating what people think they know about them . 
  intelligence is not just about gathering information , it is about manipulating the information that can be gathered about you . 
  making fun of a sith lord name is a good way to lose a hand or head . 
  we called them two textbook masters in grad school . 
  they usually have a very , very limited skillset , as is evident from his attempts at english grammar he ai n't in the humanities . 
  doing pretty well on gun control here in oregon and washington . 
  according to the right wingers here on reddit that place is fair and balanced and / r/politics houses the lunatics . 
  we are discovering that management at the top of these behemoth corporations is mostly interchangeable . 
  there is n't a sane reason to pay the ceo of a company millions of dollars if he could be replaced with someone that makes 1/10th of that . 
  these guys are human beings like us , they ai n't superhumans . 
  they might have the managing skills of an above average mcdonald 's shift manager for all we know . 
  do n't forget the bush-brand sanctimonious everyman veneer lacquered on at every opportunity . 
  i wonder what kind of caveman genetics ends up in making a bush ? 
  they sure as hell were n't warriors or hunters . 
  i lived in flagstaff in my 20 's great little town . 
  reason.com has horrible problems with citations to its endless articles about how libertarianism is great or would solve this problem , and when you look at the sources they are garbage cato studies on the fringe of the fringe of economic theory . 
  mother jones has actual journalistic standards . 
  p bush , the texas land commissioner has turned his institution into a nepotistic frat house . 
  the amount of dirt on him if he ever ran at the federal level is going to put his daddy to shame . 
  this would be good for america . 
  pretty lame strawman . 
  `` it 's taken george p. bush all of nine months on the job in texas to get himself embroiled in a corruption scandal including giving high-paying jobs to family members and donors , and keeping other jobs off the books entirely . 
  who knew the office of land commissioner could wield that kind of power ? 
  and yet the son of current presidential candidate jeb bush , nephew of former president george w. bush , has already gotten himself into the kind of hot water that could result in indictment . '', 
  we do n't have too many big b2c companies up here yet but you are right once we land a big b2c it is going to get even more insane . 
  b2c can be 10 's of thousands of employees over time . 
  a generation ago was the 1990 's and we had just gone through the satanist daycare scare . 
  it was regulated as fuck . 
  find a recipe for a food he likes , buy the ingredients , and show him . 
  cato are not serious academics or they would publish outside their echo chamber think tank publications . 
  it is not peer review when you work in the same building as everyone on the journal you are publishing in . 
  how much of oracle is contractors ? 
  my wife and i both travel a lot so we think having a nanny would be the best long term stable situation . 
  we do n't even know what is going on in there . 
  the texas ag refuses to look in . 
  the south has risen again !, 
  call the airport , give the police there your missing case number . 
  apartheid costs a lot of your gdp , i agree . 
  depends on your undergrad . 
  i had a monster for my college writing class that failed half of the class for minor formatting errors and grammar . 
  you have more than a secret , you have the ability to manipulate and deceive what that secret is . 
  until the next one , or the next one . 
  americans like their guns and they also like excusing guns for any deaths they cause as well . 
  this is a problem way beyond mental illness . 
  yemen and the us are the only nations in the world that have gun ownership as a civil right , why do n't you move to the safe gun-friendly state of yemen ? 
  also paying for a civil right in children 's blood is pretty pathetic is it not, 
  it is the first google search . 
  you ai n't much of a detective . 
  name one . 
  most people i know who act rich are in massive debt . 
  oregon government  god . 
  there are gun worshippers who want to bring back automatic weapons . 
  glass on the roadway at burnside and 148th since last month . 
  reported three times . 
  wait , are you actually arguing for prescriptivism in 2015 ? 
  that is exactly what prescriptivism is . 
  have a night where you show him how to cook something he likes . 
  maybe socal should accept it is a fucking desert . 
  actually the drug you are thinking about is alcohol . 
  marijuana is n't a gateway drug , booze is . 
  sounds like they need automated food carts circulating through these locations . 
  do people think we house low-income people in thin-walled tenements in 2015 ? 
  yep you want a cocksure surgeon with a good record because when the shit hits the fan he is going to try some crazy shit to keep you alive . 
  the great and wonderful free market has spoken . 
  aware of his own narrative . 
  man i want to fly around as the big q model . 
  yes . 
  do you want the airline pilot who knows all the safety procedures by heart or the guy who did three tours in iraq with missiles flying past him while he landed ? 
  sell the royals to disney . 
  wtf, 
  poet barista from iowa about to blow the west coast 's minds . 
  shit some games have crafting times that take months .
