  can confirm , my college apartment was across from one . 
  i got a new disc about every 3-4 months . 
  why the fuck is this mobile ? 
  if you click it you will have two stories deducted for your total for the month from the nytimes , thanks op . 
  i do n't understand why people do n't just euthanize dumb and dangerous pets . 
  my sister-in-law has a spaniel who dug through the wall behind the gas furnace and almost killed them all . 
  people , dogs/cats/etc are not people . 
  do n't let them endanger your lives out of misplaced empathy . 
  elect tories a few more times and you wo n't have any bbc . 
  problem solved . 
  yes , they need to start looking into 3-d printing housing for one . 
  secondly , these massive single family home blobs that surround every metro need to seriously be considered for demolition . 
  if you want to save a fucking pet there are 20 million unwanted ones asshole . 
  do you eat meat ? 
  everyone in that room is dead by now , crazy how long ago that was . 
  do you eat meat or not ? 
  unless you want to spend billions on taking care of unwanted pets , you are the one being stupid . 
  name a conservative who wants single payer healthcare . 
  because healthcare is a right . 
  you people that anthropomorphisize pets are as delusional as prolifers . 
  nah , memory is becoming stupid cheap again . 
  we will see phones with a tb on them within 2-3 years . 
  actually the reverse is true . 
  there are more smart phones than tvs in the developing world . 
  home growing is going to be insane . 
  if you want to make some money buy some hydroponic company stock . 
  meh , unless you get tested just try a small amount of cannabutter . 
  it will range from grassy , like lawn grass to citrus with the better sativas . 
  it is pretty much as complex as hops is , as it is in the same genus or something . 
  because colorado had shortages for months . 
  who needs facts when you can vote on hate ? 
  this is why reddit must fail , and a new commenting site arise . 
  a dictatorship of moderators has killed everything that came before reddit , and for reddit to think itself different is sheer arrogance . 
  there are a lot of bad mods out there , and without a way to remove bad mods except through exceptional circumstances too many communities turn eventually into petty fiefdoms . 
  even slashdot recognized the need for metamoderation , and unless reddit wants to retool in that direction a lot of us are just waiting for the next big thing . 
  i am sick of default subreddits like / r/news being filled with toxic racism and reporting it does nothing . 
  sounds like a crappy rule that a lot of people have a problem with . 
  brings in reddit golds though , do n't speak ill of them . 
  so you do n't actually have a solution for the 10 's of millions of animals either . 
  well good thing we have euthanasia for them . 
  that is not a feature peculiar to reddit , you could make your own usenet group in the 1990 's . 
  however , people had to choose to go into moderated groups , and they were explicitly [ voted on democratically ] ( http://ivl.cns.iu.edu/km/pub/2002-paolillo-dempart.pdf ) . 
  reddit is too wild west to last . 
  bad moderators homesteading on prime subreddits with no way to remove them is something that is unique to reddit and the root cause of so much of this site 's problems . 
  i see moderators lament and blame the users for everything under the sun and then circle the wagons the moment anyone questions the dictatorship model for moderation here . 
  again , many of us are just waiting for the next big commenting system . 
  hopefully more democratic this time . 
  living in a place i call the real world where animals have to be fed and caged . 
  there is n't enough room for them in the shelters . 
  that is why many shelters kill an animal within 72 hours . 
  if you have a solution , i 'm all puppy ears darling . 
  if there is no way to vote out the moderators than you should not give moderators banning powers . 
  that might be the case or it might not . 
  we have no way as users of meta moderating the bans that the moderators are giving out . 
  i am getting sick of this entitlement that mods are displaying . 
  he should sue reddit for wasting his time . 
  moderators ban people for any reason they want , that has to stop . 
  we need metamoderation like slashdot and democratic subreddits or i am just going to leave for the first commenting site that implements those two things . 
  i do n't think you understand what i 'm asking for . 
  i 'm asking to be able to remove moderators that abuse banning . 
  so are users here just like slaves with no rights at all ? 
  why do n't redditors have rights ? 
  i do n't care who i am talking to . 
  redditors deserve rights , we are effing sick of moderators abusing banning powers . 
  then implement the slashdot system which required participation over years . 
  so you are exactly like a prolifer , all whine and accusation , with no solution . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  you know that is n't the same when we are talking about moderators abusing their powers and removing people from communities of millions . 
  so stop the modwank , and actually listen to your users for once . 
  down with the monarchies !, 
  redditors need rights !, 
  well starting by making the default subreddits vote on who moderates them . 
  something need to happen , that is for sure . 
  this whole , this is the way reddit is and will never change is bs . 
  thing is , humans do n't like living under monarchies . 
  so either reddit changes or something will come along and reddit will be just another failed commenting site . 
  i do n't care either way . 
  lol , reddit is n't getting better and your cultish devotion to `` this is the way it is , so it must be good '' in regards to moderation is laughable . 
  we need metamoderation , we need to have a bill of rights for all redditors in all subreddits that the mods of those subreddits must follow . 
  blah , blah , blah , create one . 
  if you repeat another talking point i am just going to ignore you . 
  no , you misunderstand . 
  i do n't care that reddit is going to eventually fail , i 'd just like it to be a little less shitty before it goes . 
  i 'm not just being some recalcitrant whiner either . 
  there are massive problems with reddit 's banning/modding system that must be addressed . 
  we need metamoderation , this is 2015 . 
  moderators need to be held accountable for their actions . 
  i know how admins are reluctant to change their site 's core functionality , but the excuse that the way it is not only the only way but the best way is just the height of arrogance . 
  well , i think giving 5 year old + accounts that have participated within a community with positive karma a random amount of moderator actions to judge per day would be a start . 
  make the moderator anonymous , allow people to vote whether the action was warranted or not . 
  give the moderator a warning the first time , suspend moderator abilities the second time , and demod the 3rd . 
  let the people who positively participate the most in the subs get to choose how they are run . 
  i still comment on slashdot , i do n't understand your point . 
  are you incapable of using more than one platform ? 
  i think that ship has sailed . 
  the problems manifesting now are that the mods that abuse power in default subreddits are being told that they are dictators being backed by reddit admins . 
  no one wants to live in dictatorships and this issue is never going to go away until that is addressed . 
  well , maybe it is time to demand more accountability from the powers that be here . 
  you are free to buy my comment gold if you support this site so much . 
  what happens july 1st ?
