  so the earth 's upper mantle is around 2000k . 
  there is a hella lot energy stored down there , wonder if we could get at it with a geothermal system , but a turbine would require a very long tunnel if you were to pump water to a surface station . 
  hmm ... ? 
  it would make more sense imho to design something in situ surrounding by layers of fabrication and mining colonies , oh and the power cables for us on the surface . 
  if we develop sapient ai we could turn this planet into a machine god of some sort . 
  a machine god with some people friends . 
  we 'll go on adventures . 
  sounds hipsterish to me . 
  consumers have been taught to have a price point and a product name , they do n't care jack or shit about quality for most product types . 
  we did an experiment at a restaurant where i worked where we changed the fish in a dish from farmed to wild-caught and back again . 
  the same amount of salmon was pretty much sold for each week . 
  my dad was n't a carpenter but he had taken wood shop , and he could look at the bottom of a couch to see if it was made well . 
  with so much concentration on teaching for college prep ala liberal arts education , trade skills like metal fabrication , wood shop , and automotive tech have largely disappeared in most school districts . 
  unless you are an industrial engineer most people have no idea how most products are made , and what makes one better made/designed than the other . 
  there should be a 3-d printing and robotics shop in every high school , and that should be federally-funded and mandated . 
  there are factories in japan that work in [ lights-out mode ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lights_out_\\ ( manufacturing \\ ) ) since the 1980 's . 
  it is only matter of time before we have fully automated factories for consumer goods . 
  it is over , we have to prepare for a post scarcity economy now . 
  what the fuck does race have to do with providing healthcare as a human right ? 
  do black folks in poor urban enclaves and white folks in poor rural areas not deserve healthcare ? 
  because that is what you are advocating . 
  at min wage by the age of 50 , people were spending almost 100 % of their pay on healthcare before the aca . 
  you want to go back to that ? 
  that is what the free market looks like . 
  i really wish they would teach the history of free and compulsory common school movement in the usa . 
  [ this is the text we used in school . 
  ] ( http://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/ed119389.pdf ), 
  during the 1850 's there was the steadying increase in people moving to cities . 
  with 100 's of thousands of children in places like nyc which had long been abused and exploited as cheap labor , something had to be done . 
  free common schools were proposed . 
  factory owners freaked the fuck out about free school , and had their own regressive paid off politicians attempt to stop it . 
  immigrant families mobilized , some violently , and we got common schools across country as law by the 1870 's mostly . 
  the south held out longest . 
  when bernie sanders brings free college education to the attention of the usa during the primaries expect the same sort of backlash from corporations today . 
  retail , services , and the food industry depend on a market of 10 's of millions of low skilled workers . 
  the only reason there are more jobs available now in japan than 1980 is because their median age is almost 50 . 
  companies grow but there is not enough labor as nearly 50 % of japan is either retired or too young to work . 
  it is almost as if a country experiencing population death should n't be used an example . 
  right but that is because japan literally has the [ largest service industry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trade_and_services_in_japan ) on the planet for any major economy . 
  it stands at roughly 75 % . 
  a lot of those services are increasingly about taking care and entertaining old people . 
  one of my colleagues was a 2nd generation japanese-american , his grandfather retired in the 1980 's with a pension in the form of a lump sum for leaving the firm , as well as a monthly amount that was set to keep with inflation . 
  he is in his 90 's now receiving nearly 100k a year . 
  [ japan is 10 years out from being insolvent with their pension plans ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-08-26/willing-wrinkled-workers-help-defuse-pension-time-bomb-in-japan ) . 
  there are nearly 2000 private and public pension funds in japan , and nearly half of them are being propped up though the government loaning them money . 
  or just build high density in the burbs . 
  diapers , it is diapers is it not ? 
  does the idea of owning a subaru sexually arouse you ? 
  we would have to search out data from places as they electrify . 
  electrification seems to benefit physical and mental health as it gives access to not just artificial light but other electrical tools like washing machines , grain grinders , as well as entertainment such as radio . 
   enhancing women 's and family social capital , whether health ( water purification ,, 
  lighting and refrigeration in clinics , and perhaps in innovative ways like solaroperated, 
  fans to remove smoke from kitchens ) or education ( reading and, 
  homework ) . 
  there is some evidence that women 's leisure time ( reading , radio , tv ), 
  increases with electrification ( though the reasons for this are unclear ) ( barnes ,, 
  2000draft ) , and this could contribute to health and social capital . 
  providing clean, 
  water by energizing water pumping could also contribute to health . 
  this is why my dad traps cats and takes them to kill shelters . 
  domestic cats are an invasive species and should never be allowed outdoors . 
  we have some near our office who live in the trees between the parking garage and our 3rd story balcony . 
  they are generally civil but sometimes they will freak out on a person . 
  i keep hearing they are developing unmanned underwater vehicles to tail russian and chinese subs , how is that coming along ? 
  because poverty is hidden in plain sight everywhere in kentucky . 
  also , as soon as the working poor make enough money to get off social programs , many of them instantly want to stop paying taxes for them . 
  so there are two problems , things like being a hungry child is easy to hide , and since people do n't see it directly they do n't consider it a problem worth paying taxes for . 
  combine that with the upper middle classes who have invested in low income property that they are now renting out . 
  me and my wife still have our old condos from grad school . 
  we bought them for 40-60k 10 years ago , and could either sell them for 160-200k now or continue renting them for 1200-1400 a month . 
  honestly if people had not been in them for so long we would likely raise the rates . 
  people forget but just 10 years ago most people could afford a condo of their own a year after college . 
  sure works well for isis . 
  not illegal at all . 
  should be mandatory . 
  is this for people without powerful pcs ? 
  i do n't understand the appeal of a console as a non-console owner . 
  ah , it is out of laziness and comfort . 
  i get it . 
  just 5 people . 
  this thing is made to last 10 years or so , imagine what one would look like for 1000 . 
  i 'd love to work as an engineer right now if i could setup a booth like lucy on the street with a sign that says ` the engineer is in ' for 4 hours a day . 
  maybe when the internet of things takes off and computers become truly ubiquitous . 
  i could go around on a cycle rickshaw and adjust or fix people 's 3-d printed electromechanical clothing . 
  then every day would be leg day . 
  you do realize you are committing your statement to a future ai who will learn from this subreddit to produce mildly interesting entertainment for humanity so speak clearly and with intent . 
  people need their marmaduke quotient or they will rebel . 
  i wonder how long till people begin cloning celebrities from their signatures ? 
  [ bach cello suites . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reu2bcnld34 ), 
  modern bands still need more cellos . 
  is there a materials scientist who can tell us about the physical chemistry apparatus/spiderbutt needed to produce silk ? 
  what is going on down there ? 
  can we make spidersilk print heads yet and what kind of chemical mojo has to happen above that print head ? 
  it is weird how we become separated , us engineers and scientists . 
  if we do n't work in academics or an industry that does a lot of cross-discipline stuff , we can go to work each day out in the techpark for decades without seeing one another . 
  i should add a few more symposiums to my yearly jaunts about to see the state of fields outside my own . 
  the only one i go to at the moment for such a reason is a [ cyborg anthro conference ] ( http://cyborgcamp.com/ ) . 
  do you have any recommendations ? 
  i 've been thinking of going also to the [ agu fall meeting ] ( http://fallmeeting.agu.org/2015/ ) .
