  once you get hauling things to and fro that shit gets scratched up quite a bit . 
  source : own two trucks . 
  only must see is yamhill pub imho . 
  if you are planning on being here for some time with your dogs , start saving for a downpayment for a condo . 
  use mint.com or something to plan . 
  the housing market is only going to get more brutal . 
  i lived through the dot com 90 's and 00 's in the bay area . 
  median house price in my old neighborhood there is now 800k to buy or 3k a month to rent . 
  it was half of that just 10 years ago . 
  plan ahead , or you are going to be renting forever . 
  good luck . 
  lard , about 2 lbs , for baking . 
  i consider californian refugees a local issue . 
  we have lots of wheels , we do n't need to keep reinventing them . 
  that 's nice . 
  i 'll just continue using the plethora of libraries , apis , and engines out there today chief , and not worry about whether or not something better will come along within 20 years . 
  you are free to code up your own operating system for every app you make , no one is stopping you . 
  i 'm a civil engineer working in urban planning . 
  why do n't you go check out on how likely that is to be automated chief ? 
  good luck on finding a job when everyone can code and does n't need arrogant neckbeards to translate their thoughts to screen . 
  that is not ham . 
  if they were fair and balanced they would n't get whacked . 
  i lived next door to a 5-a-day cigar smoker , my white curtains were yellowed near the a/c . 
  apartment manager told me to wait for him to die , this was the 1990 's . 
  what is your plan for when the robots unionize ? 
  [ as dyson said best , there are no prima donnas in engineering . 
  as if those languages do n't have libraries ... 
  this is a major benefit of a federal state . 
  national funding is actually national . 
  do n't have to reinvent them yourself each time though . 
  5th generation programming languages may not have worked in the 1980 's , but they will eventually . 
  the idea that people will have to handcraft arcane algorithms by hand till the end of time is absurd . 
  you know what i always wanted from a show ? 
  make an episode for the future , put it in a time capsule and let it sit for 20 years . 
  that would be the bee 's knees . 
  i work all over the country , you ca n't fucking pay me enough to leave the pacific nw . 
  we need progressive pro-lifers , people ai n't going to change their mind on abortion . 
  they might be willing to support programs that actually reduce them like sex education and free contraception . 
  we need them , not these pandering neanderthals . 
  it has to be said : abortion is a messy grey social issue , and anyone who thinks it is black/white is just making the gap between us as fellow americans greater . 
  should we cut off abortion at 3 months ? 
  who fucking knows ? 
  here is a pro tip kiddo , if you ai n't got at least 100 original recipes under your belt by 25 , you are never going to be a head chef of anything besides a chipotle . 
  nike gets massive tax breaks from oregon , and property tax breaks from beaverton . 
  i guess they needed that for bribing money . 
  give me an original recipe . 
  because in the end , capitalism only cares about two things , who owns the physical land and who owns the physical means of production . 
  all these middle class folks in debt who have surrounded themselves with consumer crap like tvs , cars , boats , are not really wealthy at all . 
  real wealth is being able to say half a million acres is going to switch from soybeans to some other crop for the next 10 years . 
   we have one final question based on this scenario . 
  would it make any difference if the child were far away , in another country perhaps , but similarly in danger of death , and equally within your means to save , at no great cost -- and absolutely no danger -- to yourself ? 
  utterly absurd . 
  asking if we should be individually omniresponsible for every child on the planet might as well ask if we are responsible for every life in the universe . 
  peter singer takes his ethical arguments to absurd conclusions , and in doing so makes them not counterintuitive but meaningless . 
  he then goes on to asking if charity should be mandatory without asking a single question about state institutions . 
  the problem with singer , like many utilitarians who concentrate on the nebulous concept of pleasure is that if you start building institutions to reflect his ideas you end up with ugly , ugly consequences . 
  he wants to euthanize disabled children , should we sterilize those who would have a chance of producing disabled children as well ? 
  his metrics for pleasure are his own , and they make his arguments vapidly singular . 
  should we give up spaceflight so we can provide porridge to millions of starving kids in se asia ? 
  if we took the utilitarian calculus singer ascribes to humanity , probably yes . 
  singer is so wrapped on what an individual would or should do that he does n't even mention the elephant in the room . 
  individuals do n't matter in the long run , only institutions do . 
  singer can claim to be a utilitarian , but he is also making his arguments from a poststructuralist view wherein institutions are comprised not of regulations and bylaws , and guided by laws and treaties but by individuals all with their own moral codes and prejudices . 
  that is wrong-headed on so many levels . 
  do you expect a personalized moral response from the dmv or mcdonald 's every time you go there ? 
  of course not , but singer would have us ponder on whether the dmv worker should be facilitating someone who comes in with a suv over an electric car because one is worse for the environment for another , or if every mcdonald 's cashier should judge on whether you eat too much . 
  again , individuals do n't matter , institutions do . 
  they continue after individuals die , and plod on with their internalized set of instructions on how to deal with the world . 
  yet singer does not even acknowledge them in his popular works . 
  the best help we can give africa is in helping them build institutions resistant to corruption that they can participate in to shape their own collective destiny . 
  instead of coming in with ngos that comprise solely of first world specialists , the only long term change we can hope to affect is helping to provide them access to a reasonably free and open society . 
  thank god for the basic income we will soon obtain by sending swat teams to steal neckbeards ' precious bitcoins . 
  are public school teachers enslaved as well ? 
  the evolution of the modern carrier to a drone carrier is inevitable . 
  having room for 2-3x the amount of drones will extend carrier tactics into the foreseeable future imho . 
  search entry level with anything involving tech , lab work , or even fabrication . 
  take anything . 
  having a varied resume is good for most modern hiring practices . 
  when we hire a new cive we like to see if he has worked his way through school doing something like it or construction . 
  you can rent a single bedroom on the max line in nearby beaverton for 850 . 
  with a cat , i would suggest going that route . 
  they do n't even need to run that scam anymore . 
  institutional buying is through the roof because portland is going through a second real estate bubble this century , and they will just buy cash in hand so they can turn around to sell at a markup in a few years . 
  this exact thing happened in the bay area in the early 00 's and is still happening a bit today . 
  it is a lot more risk to buy a 800k two bedroom house in palo alto than a 200-300k 2 bedroom house in the se . 
  if it is anything like last time , look to see a 20-30 % jump in the next few years . 
  to put it into perspective . 
  me and my wife owned property a few years after college and we had enough to do max 401k , ira , and pay off our student loans . 
  in 1997 you had to make 40k to get a decent condo near downtown . 
  now you have to make 80k . 
  hell , i inherited a property in hillsboro near the intel campus and sold it last year for enough money to pay off my house , and have enough to invest in more property . 
  we also invested previously in buying two houses in milwaukie when they announced the orange line in 2010 . 
  last few months we started getting offers like crazy through the brokers we bought from . 
  we are going to need to build out more condos and affordable housing pronto . 
  we do n't want to end up like the bay area where some places require 140k household income for a loan for a mid 20th century shack . 
  that being said , these letters are something we would consider but it would have to be close to the top offer . 
  china only kills those who steal from the party elite , because the party elite steals from the people . 
  the problem lies in the educational system that eventually produce job candidates . 
  there is something wrong when 40 % of cs grads were women in the 1980 's and less than 10 % are today . 
  because fuck communism .
