  most tech support does not break 20 . 
  most of them later in life . 
  not even medicare saves people . 
  his ex-wife . 
  pseudointellectual whining . 
  some rich homosexuals are also like this . 
  i like microwave melted cheese too . 
  i was born there . 
  we would need the horse cops to deal with the crowds . 
  we are like 20-30k rental units short at the moment . 
  this is n't going to be fixed soon . 
  ffs , building shelters in areas without adequate public transportation is insane . 
  it is from the old teletype machine era . 
  when you copy a piece of paper a bunch of times you want it in all caps . 
  except the homeless are far more likely to be victims of pedestrian accidents . 
  portland is n't homogenous . 
  there is no royal we here . 
  because they do n't have cars or homes to go to . 
  if you mean requiring more apartment buildings to be 5 stories , sure . 
  it is a moving target , it will never be enough to bring rent prices down again imho . 
  portland metro is online to absorb 300-500k + people in the next 25 years . 
  what is this , a boutique homeless shelter ? 
  wtf portland, 
  theocracies of any kind are an enemy of humanity , some just moreso than others . 
  i wonder if venture brothers will offer a take on isis ? 
  any fps games use four factions ? 
  so long as you have enough memory that should n't be a problem . 
  they needed more story arcs . 
  i 'd like to see more story arcs cross in all marvel properties , which is apparently what will be happening going forward . 
  crossover episodes , if used sparingly are a pretty powerful tool for worldbuilding . 
  if it was green you could share an intimate moment with the hulk . 
  what other icey races are cannon for star trek ? 
  tibet used mutilation as a form of punishment , women had no rights , and up to 95 % of the common folk were serfs . 
  great place !, 
  i just want to see maybe some new races ' ships fleshed out . 
  is it because mathematics is n't as collaborative as other fields ? 
  physicists online seem overall to relish the chance to explain things , even in laymen terms . 
  engineers as well . 
  programming is a mixed bag . 
  perhaps it is the nature of the work , often done solo . 
  there are just [ so many star trek races ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_star_trek_races ) out there that have n't even been mentioned in sto . 
  i guess if sto continues indefinitely i 'd like to see not just a core storyline with a few attendant races fleshed out each season but also work on a few homeworlds with an expositional storyline on each race as well . 
  they really need to revamp pet ai . 
  if he was in oregon he would 've had his business license pulled in some cities . 
  fiber easements are built-in in many municipalities now . 
  you are talking about the cable monopolies that were created in the 1980 's onward because of the huge costs associated with their rollouts . 
  this is 2015 , there are entire towns that have access to municipal fiber now . 
  the solution is to make some of the internet infrastructure public . 
  you are advocating a free market solution that already can come about but does not because of the expenses needed for rollout . 
  the big one is google fiber but there are others . 
  google fiber requires a bunch of code changes being passed for easements . 
  cities have been building this into their property codes slowly but surely as well as setting aside space for physical locations for fiber huts/hubs . 
  check out the free to play mmofpss on steam . 
  lots of stuff came out this year . 
  the problem of running female candidates is institutional to both the democratic and republican parties . 
  democrats lack gumption and republicans just play lip service to the issue . 
  also a lot of them are still playing by an old boys club ruleset in state , county , and city levels . 
  the national level is the most visible and problematic when it comes to female representation though . 
  we are being attacked by [ nyan cat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh2-tgulwu4 ) . 
  pixels 2 confirmed . 
  so many avenues of the universe to explore but it seems only certain fields go off into the unknown as regularly as mathematicians . 
  intrepid folk ; mathematicians , maybe some feel rushed by their mortal lifespans . 
  no room for chit chat . 
  this is why basic healthcare should n't be for profit . 
  how the fuck did you get here, 
  i like mine with brie and mustard . 
  do n't let anyone take you to the yamhill , it is not an ironic dive bar . 
  it is where portland houses its crustpunks and it smells like piss more often than not . 
  i would suggest the teardrop in the pearl if you like cocktails . 
  depends on the region but kosher foods vary worldwide . 
  rennet in cheese from the stomachs of animals is kosher in italy but not in the usa . 
  it is all arbitrary to the regional food . 
  when jews first encountered american animals like bison they had like 50 years of arguing before they were considered kosher . 
  baptists have major problems with letting in people who have been `` saved '' that turned out to be monsters . 
  not now with the aca . 
  it requires them to cover childbirth . 
  do n't forget that the gop 's guns-for-all policies helped fuel the mexican drug wars . 
  10 's of thousands of mexicans died because of easy access to guns in the united states . 
  that is because we need stronger gun control than the 2nd amendment as interpreted relatively recently allows . 
  what we need is a supreme court to strike down some of these ridiculous gun laws . 
  we have states where you can carry a loaded gun into a bar . 
  we are n't the ones trying to prevent scientific studies chief . 
  you are acting as if gun ownership is an absolute civil right more important than the right to life . 
  the right to life is a civil right too . 
  there is a whole host of others . 
  only yemen and the usa have a right to arms in their constitutions . 
  do n't you think that is odd ? 
  if we had spent the same amount on infrastructure in those countries as military operations we could probably vacation there by now . 
  you can make chocolate pastry dough . 
  it is n't that hard . 
  at the very least some engineers should be stripped of their pes . 
  i 'd like to see some procedurally-generated stations within a certain style for each faction . 
  i do n't ever want to see the same station twice . 
  maybe you should be able to drive around in a tank as well then . 
  dude sold snake oil on infomercials , he knows he is dealing with suckers . 
  secret service has offices in pretty much anyplace with a major seaport . 
  firearms are tools that are designed to kill people . 
  something that should n't be allowed into a place like a bar . 
  thankfully i live in a sane state . 
  stay the fuck in yours .
