  here you can listen to him explain how the quintessential american-style bacon and eggs breakfast was invented and marketed . 
  experiment with different dry cereals or a mixture of them . 
  generic rice krispies in a bag works surprisingly well and is a fraction of the price . 
  we used them to make buffet-style tray meatloaf for catering gigs and it holds moisture better than bread crumbs alone . 
  black eyed peas are good only when cooked in a pot with bacon fat , some chicken bouillon , and seasoned with garlic/onions imho . 
  do n't try , they have too much of an earthy flavor to experiment with willy nilly . 
  trust in the old southern way of cooking them . 
  3-4 strips of bacon should be enough per bag . 
  only gig i ever had out there i took the max . 
  read a lot of books that year or two . 
  no they are n't they are almost non existent offline . 
  5 min wage hikes since they introduced dollar menus, 
  6 foot three here and same . 
  from 146 and burnside to millikan way 1 hour or so door to door walking part way . 
  fahrenheit makes more sense for human temperatures . 
  0 degrees is fucking cold and 100 degrees is fucking hot . 
  yep . 
  many of these trusts have do-nothing non-profit fronts where their descendants are hired on to do fuck all for obscene salaries . 
  to escape scrutiny sometimes they will be hired on to three or four non-profit fronts at once . 
  you are effing mental if you think we can disentangle ourselves from the thousands upon thousands of treaties that involve the usa being a member of the un or nato . 
  i 'm glad to see that the pauls still have the mentally ill vote . 
  you are being brigaded from / r/libertarian , give up . 
  in the usa all new construction hallways have to be big enough to accommodate those large wheelchairs . 
  get an electromagnet and attach it under the table when you present it to him . 
  turn it off as he strenuously tries to pull it near a window . 
  inheritance !, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  family trusts have used non-profits for decades for this sort of shit . 
  when sony made the first trinitron 21 '' crt monitors we used to warm up poptarts from the vending machine on the back of them . 
  it is puritanical christian bullshit . 
  get some 2-liters , fill with water , put them in the freezer , and then put them in a towel and spoon them while trying to sleep . 
  what is to discuss oregon a democratic-led state instituted automatic voter registration for all new driving licenses . 
  every single gop-led state has reduced voting hours . 
  oregon votes by mail . 
  that is what not being afraid of democracy looks like , more than anything the gop panders to fear because its constituents are cowards . 
  then in 20-50 years you guys can be part of a federated europe , or england can just join the us like we know it wants to . 
  exactly , to have more jobs it is vastly more efficient to make small businesses have access to more loans , which they can do when they have more customers . 
  the only way to bring in more jobs for a big business is to give them ludicrous tax breaks . 
  nike owns beaverton , or to the point that they have a huge tax-free park across the main campus -- sounds like a public park , right -- well , it is only for nike employees . 
  around my house bbq means bulgogi-style beef . 
  even if they all lived there it would less than 10 % . 
  should we as society be giving perks to 10 % that should be tax monies and parks going to everyone, 
  what is up with the hooliganism with the sounders ? 
  last time they came down to a timber game there were packs of obnoxious sounders fans all over downtown . 
  because half of the electorate votes on fear . 
  those that pander to that fear have to keep ramping it up to get elected . 
  so now we have people like my mom who literally think that obama is a secret crypto-socialist who will run for a 3rd term . 
  they sure as execute a fuckload of palestinians and lebanese and syrians without trial . 
  oh , i get it , only israelis have human rights in israel . 
  capital is ensconced within a tangle of nepotistic institutions , and labor is finding that to fight institutions you need institutions of your own . 
  that is what a union is . 
  did you report this to the police first time i 've heard of someone being jumped and having knives pulled on them after a timber 's game . 
   frietkoten, 
  we call those roach coaches in the us . 
  salmon pairs well with stonefruits , esp if you smoke them with the wood beforehand and then use a reduction/foam etc w / the fresh fruit . 
  all root vegetables are great smoked and pureed but that was big thing in the late 1990 's , and i guess is n't that unusual . 
  they are dry and disappointing though . 
  now you just need to check out the yamhill pub and you will be a native portlander . 
  90 % of people need to turn down their mouse sensitivity for one . 
  shoes , fucking shoes man . 
  if your feet or legs or back hurt at the end of the shift you need better shoes . 
  go to an actual working man 's shoe store and get fitted . 
  70-120 bucks is a small price to pay for not fucking up your ability to walk on your days off . 
  he is what idiots think intelligent people sound like . 
  pretty sure anthropologists can dart and tag humans once they get a phd . 
  good , who the hell wants to be around an armed idiot ? 
  they reject the idea of a social contract because they did not agree to it , not understanding that a social contract is the basis of all human society , even tribal . 
  the fact that ours is enshrined in the us constitution which allows these sovereign citizens to freely leave the country means they can either put up or shut up imho . 
  devs if you are reading this , this is what we want . 
  map terrain with some bases built in with these massive ships/labs/production facilities landing in random places throughout the map , and on capture they redeploy . 
  also make the big artillery guns work , that would make them a constant threat and target . 
  better than treasonous paranoids who shoot anything that moves including their family and friends . 
  sububan wasteland . 
  this community wants to play a 2012 game forever , that is why it ca n't grow . 
  the doug fir is the official flag of the timber 's soccer club . 
  pretty sure bosnia is a vacation destination for middle class americans to drink themselves into a stupor as well . 
  my local new seasons has organic cruelty-free eggs at 8 dollars for a dozen nowadays . 
  / jerk, 
  pretty sure this fatcat water can be made for free just by sprouting three lentils in a used starbuck 's venti cup . 
  gentrification is great if you can afford to live in the area . 
  problem is that without massive subsidies the people who work in service jobs to serve the newly higher income folks moving in they will have to take a longer and longer commute . 
  there are folks who drive 2 hours from sacramento to serve the bay area . 
  if nyc did not have so many great commuter rail options , there would be people driving probably all the way from albany . 
  secretaries existed in an era where most people could n't even type . 
  i have n't seen a company with a secretary pool for decades . 
  we have two admin assistants for 30 + people . 
  90 % of the time they are still surfing the internet , the only thing they do is filter bullshit from below , and work with hr to plan business trips . 
  also this article forget to mention that the first major service job to be automated was the atm , and bank tellers in the usa were almost universally women at the time . 
  i think gentrification is a great thing . 
  it just needs to be paired with a social safety mechanism that allows even the lowest class of workers in that metro to be able to live nearby and enjoy it . 
  let 's see how the 15/hour wage turns out . 
  we ca n't keep building more train tracks and highways . 
  no , it will likely just see a shift like in the plastic/metal/ceramic fabrication industry where part of the workforce programs automated cnc machines and monitors their work . 
  a fully autonomous construction robot is n't in the cards for decades out . 
  looks closer to 350-400 . 
  mormonism believes that males will becomes gods of their own planets . 
  it is fucking nutso . 
  also if you ignore the no solicitation sign , i will call the police . 
  i think is what is surprising is that he can still serve while being prosecuted for burglary , trespass , and cruelty to children . 
  vastly different than the planning and skillset needed to fabricate construction unto existing structures , perhaps inhabited .
