  yeah . 
  the game is pretty much like the rep system for sto x500 . 
  if you plant now you will have some this summer . 
  the point is n't that it is free or not , the point is that providing medicare expansion for your citizens saves both the state and the feds money in the long run . 
  democrats pay for things now so they do n't have to later , republicans refuse to spend money now and we end up with an even bigger bill later . 
  objectively , i 'm not . 
  paying for health insurance via taxes for those people who are either uninsurable or the most economic needy saves money long term because the government can negotiate rates that private companies simply ca n't . 
  a rand study shows that by refusing the medicaid expansion that those states are paying even more now than were before . 
  thankfully we have the cascade curtain keeping eastern oregonians and idahoans from reaching the ocean . 
  meh , just stay on the max lines , imho . 
  me and my sister are getting ready to move our parents into a condo in hillsboro so they can be closer to us , and we are looking at brand new ones with three bedrooms for ~ 300k . 
  alternatively , with the orange line in milwaukie coming you can get a condo there on the cheap . 
  good luck !, 
  absolutely not , it is never necessary to use a vehicle as a weapon . 
  i guess so , but leveling in this game without paying attention to rep and spec is still easy . 
  people use each level of ship before t5-6 for less than 10 hours of gameplay atm . 
  you can get from 55-60 in a week casually . 
  what this game needs more than anything is content that tests the limits of fully kitted out toons , and does n't just make elite versions of stfs with bullet sponges . 
  currently , i have zero reason to upgrade my gear beyond xii . 
  that is a lot of strawmen . 
  this is from the cato institute a far right wing libertarian think tank . 
  i would take this article with a hunk of salt . 
  look up what they have shortages of up there like teachers , engineers etc. 
  , and see if you qualify . 
  the only other way is to open a business with x amount of money or marry an icelander and stay in country for a certain amount of time . 
  a [ secular company ] ( http://killingthebuddha.com/mag/dogma/buying-the-body-of-christ/ ) already makes most communion wafers in the world . 
  why do so many right wing sites have monolithic commenting systems ? 
  how can you have a discussion without nesting ? 
  do they just go in there , shout out their talking points , and leave without reading anyone else 's comments ? 
  you will never make a good father/mother . 
  you can find [ catering formulas ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=catering%20formulas ) online , there are a lot of them so just dig through them and see which ones you think apply in your situation . 
  i have catered as a pastry chef in the past , and i will just say that if at all possible plan at least three stages/rounds of foods set out in a 2 hour/1 hour/2 hour config . 
  hors d'oeuvres , main/side dishes , and dessert . 
  if you throw everything out at once people waste a ton of food . 
  catering can be a la carte or in stages . 
  i prefer stages , with a little extra management you get people eating a lot more of the food . 
  appetizers should be able to last at least 2 hours , after that it is up to you . 
  the thing is people have been creating conspiracies about critics/reviews since greek times . 
  they are n't going to go away . 
  we have a few carolina cooker cast iron skillets , awesome craftsmanship . 
  you can tell the difference between them and cheap crap you get from walmart . 
  a little thicker , handles are more user-friendly , and the pre-seasoning is useable from the get go . 
  bizarre , it is like speaking in bumper stickers . 
  amazon has been trying to get their grocery store thing working , and it has not been doing well . 
  no , it is the furthest right wing political ideology in us politics . 
  lots of states require range certification for police , and almost all police everywhere are gun owners . 
  hopefully one day they can just 3-d print you a new foot/ankle . 
  if i did that i would definitely go for an extra toe . 
  utter shite , libertarians want these kind of signs to go back up . 
  you can wax bullshit all day , but libertarians are right wing extremists who believe in property rights over civil rights . 
  there is no such thing as natural rights without a government backing them . 
  what kind of shithole needs security for a dui fridays ? 
  it is because the insurance in oregon for gas stations is cheaper as a result of them pumping your gas . 
  less people stealing and spilling gasoline offsets the labor costs . 
  do n't forget privatizing social security in 2008 , which would have bankrupted the nation . 
  look at how well that works with the dmv . 
  galactus , he can solve any world 's problems instantly . 
  maybe , if you are really lucky . 
  what method are you using ? 
  you should use the water bath method , this tends to stop burning the top . 
  i drink in a punk bar and we only have security for shows . 
  of course everyone in that place has a knife . 
  just reverse the fans inside the server . 
  pretty sure they work on the same principle as ceiling fans . 
  maybe his blackman hunting license was about to expire . 
  you can cook anything in seawater if it reaches a boil , it will just taste like seawater and have insane amounts of sodium . 
  typically this is only done with shellfish , and sometimes fish . 
  if you rinse it off , it should n't matter . 
  probably with interns though . 
  yep sundown towns in oregon were around up through the 1970 's . 
  long ugly history of racism that is still ongoing . 
  how else will we ship all the republicans to the fema camps ? 
  i 'd argue against that . 
  it is n't as cohesive as southern culture but it is definitely a different lifestyle . 
  that is your problem , custards and cheesecakes require even temperatures , which is why you use a water bath normally . 
  does your oven have a convection setting ? 
  you can try covering it with tin foil about half way through as well . 
  depends on your plan . 
  it can actually be worth it if you have a large family plan . 
  phase-shifting . 
  name it , rothbardian , nozick , bleeding heart , which kind ? 
  we use the king arthur flour recipe . 
  experiment with adding honey if you want to try whole wheat . 
  takes longer to proof though . 
  the problem is that three generations ago they started locking up first 10 and now almost [ 30 % of black males at some point in their lives for petty drug charges ] ( http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/llgsfp.pdf ) . 
  white people are jailed at a rate of 4 % today . 
  which is still 500 % higher than the 1970 's . 
  the war on drugs has almost single-handedly wrecked the black community , probably for 40-50 more years , even if we stopped today , the effects of mass incarceration would n't go away in our lifetimes . 
  he has his guns , he does n't need to think . 
  there are tons of procedurally generated planetary exploration games out there , why ca n't sto lease one of their engines ? 
  10 years ago the philosophy professors at portland state university had to deal with a self-described objectivist grad student . 
  it was not fun . 
  he flunked out though . 
  well , they could use a new engine . 
  this one does n't even do crossfire or sli out of the box , how are they going to update it to the asynch gpu standard for dx 12 ? 
  oh , let me guess , just ignore dx 12 because mmos do n't `` need '' it ? 
  well actually we do , it would allow even lower-end computers with apus and non-matched gpus to play sto . 
  there are half a dozen procedurally-generated planetary exploration engine/games that are actually pretty awesome . 
  [ planetary explorers ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/237870 ) pry chief among them . 
  you sound like a grump .
