  it mixes well with a bourbon . 
  it is actually above good ice cream . 
  it just ai n't worth waiting 30 minutes for . 
  well depends on the kind of socialist , some socialists are authoritarian . 
  we should strive towards pluralistic democratic institutions that attempt to reach consensus on the issues of the day through honest debate and compromise instead of horse trading and backroom deals . 
  how will that prevent this from happening again ? 
  this is 2015 , housing and mental health care should be an effing civil right . 
  no questions asked . 
  wtf is going on ? 
  this is the usa in 2015 . 
  do we need to have an actual revolution at this point ? 
  fleet weapons are useless . 
  dmg is not as powerful as crit modifiers . 
  looks like pacific nw or west coast american fare , i see this all the time when travelling there . 
  not weird at all . 
  lol , what are you smoking ? 
  even in the major polycentric metros in the us 40 miles is a long way . 
  sounds like sherman should 've done a few more zig zags towards the sea and we would not have to hear your crap tonight . 
  of course they are , there are authoritarians who think they could be philosopher kings at every point in the continuum . 
  well the vast majority of historians disagree , so that means you have an agenda . 
  what is your agenda , are you a bigot ? 
  now we just need to clone him and run his clones with crazy disguises . 
  exactly . 
  what is happening is the same thing that happens when a cult goes mainstream like scientology did in the 1970 's . 
  their first major donors were doctors , engineers , and celebrities . 
  that is where their money and power came from . 
  now they are losing about 10 % of their membership per year -- they are down under 25k from a high of 50k -- and they will likely be out of members sometime this century . 
  the people they can recruit now are a lot of mentally ill folks because of their anti-psychiatric stance . 
  it is not a good time in scientology right now , they have been slowly surrounding themselves with more and more literally crazy people . 
  isis may find itself on the same trajectory . 
  a bunch of well-educated founders left with a few charismatic leaders and social media shepherds promising heaven on earth who will trickle in the mentally ill to supplant numbers till the last bomb falls on them . 
  almost everyone was but maybe we should / r/askhistorians ? 
  there is nothing wrong with kill shelters . 
  if we had all no kill shelters there would be 10 's of millions of unwanted animals to care for . 
  apple is 90 % marketing and 10 % ui/ux . 
  um , they wo n't cover any losses if you have homeowner 's insurance and are not actually living in the structure . 
  apple products have great ui/ux , and there is no doubting that ; but , most of their hardware designs are also rans or outright bizarre . 
  building a laptop that can chop onions is neat and all , but at the end of the day it is a toy . 
  building a consumer-friendly smartphone was neat and all but charging a 100-200 % idiot premium is ridiculous when android has better phones , and more apps . 
  it is a theme park company with customers who are willing to eat any dog food put in front of them . 
  donut beer , soda , and some bourbon . 
  if you want to know why this is only going to get worse , is because endemic poverty combined with slashing education , social welfare , and small business loan programs -- which has been happening at breakneck paces in the south -- means that even if we started now it would take 2-3 generations to undo the damage done since 2000 alone . 
  what america needs to solve poverty long term is a guaranteed minimum income combined with a free and compulsory community college education . 
  nothing else will build the social and economic structure needed to build out a resilient middle class . 
  [ we have more homeless students now than ever before ] ( http://www.usnews.com/news/blogs/data-mine/2014/09/23/there-are-more-homeless-students-now-than-ever-before ) , and in some states it is increasing over 100 % per year . 
  having a home , having access to an education , and having an income is a civil right . 
  it does n't mean they are moochers , it means they are human beings . 
  unions are at least democratic institutions . 
  reconstruction was never completed , and we will need to use different nomenclature this time but the south must be built up to the same institutional and infrastructural standards as the rest of the country . 
  for one we should be encouraging model community college feeder systems with free tuition across the south . 
  two , we need a massive crackdown on jim crow 2.0 shenanigans both by denying voting rights , and the use of criminalizing petty drug crimes for profit . 
  i do n't care if these programs need to paid for with federal grants , the south needs help . 
  that is why we must make the southern population understand that the coasties and progressives elsewhere still think of them as fellow americans . 
  the only way to reliably break gop 's authoritarianistic grip on the south , which uses political scapegoats for socioeconomic problems , is to force the changes from above at the federal level . 
  we had southerners campaigning against high school education being free and compulsory into the 20th century . 
  this is no different , we can overcome this . 
  stop whining on truereddit , this is n't your private club . 
  if people do n't want to read the article , they would 've downvoted it . 
  there is no way , even starting in rural clinics as gp is twice that . 
  you can do it in a short time scale but it requires living like a grad student . 
  my sister in law got her ma from columbia and phd from stanford and had over 200k in loans . 
  living in a ratty studio in san jose with no car , working for apple , she paid both off before she was 30 . 
  she had some private loans though which i think were around 10 % interest . 
  when my brother married her in her mid 30 's she had already saved up on her own most of the down payment for their house in emeryville . 
  which had to be a significant chunk of change . 
  the average house price there is around a million . 
  with rice at high altitude you need to boil it like pasta -- a lot of water , drain it , and then return it to pot to let it steam cook the rest of the way . 
  there is no other reliable way . 
  russia sure likes watching homoerotic displays of strength . 
  yep , those cancer treatment centers are almost universally a scam . 
  the best cancer treatment is in research hospitals . 
  yeah , and it is not like the fbi does n't want to bust cops for violent acts , because in many cases they do . 
  it is just a bitch to prove because qualified immunity in most of the usa is bulletproof in court . 
  the fbi would be a hella lot more useful if we reexamined qualified immunity , and gave the fbi a bone to chew on when civil rights are violated . 
  the problem is qualified immunity for police officers . 
  that little protection alone wins almost every single court case brought against an officer . 
  want to know why das drop charges and civil suits are settled ? 
  well in some states when they bring charges against an officer for assault , they lose over 90 % of the time . 
  the inverse of the conviction rate for civilians . 
  something needs to change , and that is stripping of qualified immunity when charged . 
  30 years ? 
  um , you own that land . 
  ah , the `` rothbardian natural rights of children '' method of parenting . 
  if you do n't want them sell them on the open market , liberty !, 
  pushing the limits for an eggs benedict for me is poaching the eggs properly and pan frying the english muffins in butter . 
  lol , because zpizza is a knock-off franchise for california kitchen and their food is mediocre for the most part . 
  it is really , really hard to pull off avocados on a pizza . 
  sounds great , but the execution usually leaves something to be desired . 
  their sandwiches are 70 % bread . 
  however , most zpizzas do good . 
  the fact that this one ca n't go to 15 over a 7 year period means the franchisee is utterly inept . 
  rural oregon is only around 100k . 
  i do n't know other states . 
  40 miles in la is over 3 hours of commuting , you are on crack if you think suburbs stretch 150-200 miles from an american city core . 
  how is that any different from many european metros ? 
  well if you actually followed the rules you would downvote and move on like most people do . 
  being a whiner just makes this place worse . 
  you lot are more than half of the problem . 
  most truereddit articles now have a circlejerk about how the article is not tr material as the top comment . 
  the only thing a circlejerk helps is your own egos .
