  utterly false analogy . 
  how many people die from martial arts or linebackers each year ? 
  how many die from guns ? 
  no , people absolutely made this stuff . 
  my family has family recipes from this era , and they are interspersed with this weird shit alongside normal stuff like meatloaf w / rice krispies as filler . 
  my grandmother has a recipe for a tuna banana salad w / walnuts . 
  my father confirms they ate it willingly . 
  some europeans use more egg and less acid in their mayo , at least in belgium and germany . 
  although uk mayo tastes like american mayo imho . 
  it is a rice dispenser . 
  you can get them for 20-30 bucks at an asian food mart . 
  what are you basing this on ? 
  awesome . 
  i 've had one kind or another for 20 years or so , the best ones are japanese brands . 
  no boll weevils yet . 
  also the cups at the bottom measure the rice you need without having to open the rest of the rice to the air , so it keeps fresh longer . 
  cheapest decent japanese import you can get is around 30 bucks . 
  tayama is the best brand you can get in the states . 
  our current one was bought in the 1990 's , and works fine still . 
  just needs hot water to clean every year or so . 
  eat rice from california or japan . 
  what parallel reality do you get your news from ? 
  you talk like an angry middle schooler but i 'm guessing you are closer to middle age . 
  how do you feel about that ? 
  uwajimaya has japanese rice for about $ 1.60 + a lb . 
  an aside : buying bulk dry goods saves a lot of cash . 
  black beans in a slow cooker are like 1/10th the cost of those in a can . 
  save your big glass jars for bulk food purchases . 
  i 'd love to see a german anime . 
  we should clone her , can we get a kickstarter going ? 
  most insufferable economic class for the service industry . 
  these people know they are better off and try to show it off at every opportunity by demeaning others . 
  learning is for liberals . 
  these jewish folk move their paedophiles around the country/world like the catholic church did/does . 
   if you 're an offender in israel on a tourist visa , it 's unlikely that you 'll be asked to leave , unless you offend again and it 's reported , or unless you overstay your visa . 
  it might get more complicated if your goal is to make aliyah and live in israel permanently . 
  nefesh b \u2019n efesh , an organization that facilitates aliyah from north america and the uk , has the right to check the criminal records of those applying for aliyah , but it 's a question of whether or not they always do . 
  according to the jewish agency 's website , `` some '' applications for aliyah do require a criminal background check . 
  the jewish agency told the jerusalem post in 2009 that if one wants to make aliyah , they are asked whether or not they have a criminal record , but they are n't obligated to produce evidence verifying or dispelling their claim . 
  the interior ministry can then decide if they want to investigate the potential oleh further . 
  are you supporting paedophilia ? 
  do you think it is unfairly prosecuted against ultraorthodox folk ? 
  i meant more an anime based in germany and in german . 
  german teenagers w / superpowers or something . 
  i am a gun owner and it astonishes me how many other gun owners think they are entitled to carry their guns anywhere for any reason . 
  i am formerly a pastry chef who worked high-end resort gigs . 
  the political class in america are the cheapest and cruelest consumers of high-end services and goods in the states . 
  not even half of politicians tip 10 % for the service folk at these fund raising events . 
  american politicians at every level of government are rude to staff , expect gratis extras , and are universally loathed in industry because of that and the fact that a lot of them end up taking extra months/years to pay their bills . 
  this presumption of entitlement from these folks needs to be called out and thwarted . 
  these excesses of american aristocracy , their wannabes , and hangers on is an insult to the people of the united states . 
  did you see how clinton 's class of people hissed at that black woman ? 
  wtf, 
  an aside : neither bush , nor clinton were remotely close to the best america had to offer in terms of vision and leadership , yet what the american aristocracy wants , it gets . 
  why ? 
  i call all people `` folk '' , it is part of my ascent from eastern oregon . 
  i do n't know a sane ccw permit holder , so no . 
  want to bet ? 
  scotus can change that in a second . 
  fruit salad is slang for a group of gay men . 
  i really do n't . 
  i live in an upscale suburb of portland , oregon which has n't had a murder in 10 years . 
  the only ccw folks i know are embittered paranoid manchildren and busybody soccer moms . 
  i have lived here for 40 years and never had a single violent thing happen to me . 
  guns should not be used as security blankets . 
  maybe if you did n't need a gun to be a man you 'd understand . 
  well there are n't that many sane ccw carriers , so that makes sense . 
  just once . 
  that is an actual argument manchild . 
  no other nation in the world allows guns on campuses , you 're arguing for american exceptionalism when it comes to firearms , and it makes you look like a sheltered fool . 
  have you ever even left your home state chief ? 
  us violent crime is decreasing yet ccws are increasing your argument is nonsensical . 
  lower than postgrads ? 
  i doubt it . 
  better than a manchild who needs a gun as a security blanket . 
  really anyone that kills with headshots from an automatic weapon 5x in a row should be flagged by the system . 
  they had that back in the original unreal tournament nearly 20 years ago . 
  maybe we should allow you manchildren to drive tanks in case of car accidents as well . 
  would that make you less scared ? 
  do you want me to pat you on the head ? 
  i just wish we could break down old t4 's into something useful . 
  i have like 20 of them on my main toon . 
  so do you think dutch people should have guns ? 
  oh good another thread of whiners about salon i can add to my ignore list . 
  so , make a point or stfu . 
  utter nonsense , that place has been a homeless encampment for fucking decades . 
  stop your motherfucking whining about shit you obviously are uninformed about . 
  what is your solution chief kick homeless people to the curb and let them do what ? 
  i 've lived here for 40 fucking years and i 'm embarrassed for you less-than-a-decade immigrants coming in here for the * portland lifestyle * and complaining about the homeless problem . 
  this is a poor town with poor folk in it . 
  we used to respect them a bit more for their circumstances . 
  ca n't we ask you new comers to respect folk living on hard times ? 
  fuck it , this is 2016 folks , let 's talk ** big ** . 
  reinforced concrete structures are stupid cheap now , we are about to automate about 80 % + of it w / 3d printing tech . 
  let 's build reasonable accommodations for all as a right . 
  public housing treated as a community asset that we can invest and experiment upon . 
  social engineering needs to shed the unfortunate connotations of the past . 
  if we got social science dudes telling us to do shit , maybe we should listen . 
  we have n't in the usa for the past 60-70 years . 
  the red scare halted the us 's social democratic experiments and froze the us alone in the industrialized world w/o universal healthcare of some sort for its citizen folk .
