  i have close to 800 games on steam now . 
  i have n't even installed half of them . 
  i hope i can somehow gift them to my heirs . 
  this is n't possible legally . 
  i highly doubt it would be illegal . 
  depends on the duck species . 
  there are some very vicious ducks out there . 
  sniffs some cocaine from a snuff box . 
  there are genocides of neighboring tribes mentioned in the torah . 
  that is absolutely authoritarian , op is right . 
  make sure to look up walkability scores before buying , some areas have no sidewalks at all . 
  i wish all prisons existed in a continuous world . 
  problem is more people playing games , and less educated folks are becoming the majority of new gamers . 
  library of congress is . 
  progressive taxation is the hallmark of any halfway equitable society . 
  it is hardly the end of the world asking people to pay their fair share so that others who do n't have it as good can benefit . 
  what percentage of the wealth do the 1 % have ? 
  bigger simulations . 
  1915 hobo camp life is good enough for me . 
  it is because the medical marijuana business does not want it legal . 
  they make too much money on being the only game in town for legal weed . 
  i live in oregon and grew four plants outside this summer/fall and i have enough weed for about 6 months for free . 
  you are in the top 10 % of all waiters in the usa . 
  the median wage is [ 9 dollars an hour ] ( http://www.bls.gov/ooh/food-preparation-and-serving/waiters-and-waitresses.htm ) . 
  except that is n't normal , no one cares about your anecdotes when we have serious data backing up most waiting jobs are barely above poverty . 
  do you have any studies or data backing your story ? 
  anyone that jokes about firearms should never be allowed to own them . 
  i dated a dietician and she was the same way . 
  she thought being a dietician meant she could get away with things . 
  she was wrong . 
  i ate some food of hers before going out to the bar and spent half the evening flutterblasting porcelain with increasingly liquid shit . 
  legal rights of counties concerning alcohol are greater than individuals in the usa because of how prohibition was repealed . 
  the only thing that can fix this is a constitutional amendment . 
  kentucky is fucked . 
  it was going along so nicely as well . 
  savages . 
  wages for everyone outside the upper classes have been stagnating since the 1970 's . 
  15/hour would n't seem like that much if our median hourly was higher , which it would have been if wage increases had been more spread out . 
  rich are getting obscenely richer and we are here wondering if 25k a year is too much for a living wage . 
  fuck treating this as a burden for business . 
  sick human beings should not be going to work and spreading disease . 
  what about the millions of employees of said businesses, 
  they have spent 40 years trying to educate their way out of their oil economy by spending billions on sending students abroad for college , and their own children do n't want to come back . 
  russia is a food importer . 
  well they are still [ importing more foodstuffs than exporting ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/rus/#imports ) , they are therefore a net food importer like japan . 
  most fpss fuck up shadows somehow . 
  i almost always turn them off . 
  pizza hut should be delivering . 
  2400 miles from mine . 
  i see her twice a year . 
  tough to be a conservative in any creative industry . 
  same with biscuits and gravy . 
  i 've done the same thing for cincinnati chili . 
  do n't dismiss authoritarians as irrational children . 
  they are far more dangerous . 
  isolationism and xenophobia are the hallmarks of gop geopolitical policies for decades . 
  pc madness like gay marriage becoming legal ? 
  he would have to slash something like the dod budget by 90 % to get his tax cuts . 
  that is not happening . 
  his rhetoric has no place in the real world . 
  so racist reactionaries are his base ? 
  it is like fighting in the matrix . 
  that is why i married the first woman who lives in chaos like me . 
  now 10 years later we are sorta cleaner but there is no one bitching about if a pile of dishes is in the sink for an extra day or two . 
  i dated a girl in college who vacuumed five days a week . 
  she tried to * fix me * by promising me sex for chores , fuck that . 
  we need some for the whales when they get angry . 
  * 1000 dbc - 1 day bounty timer, 
  * 5000 dbc - 7 day bounty timer, 
  * 10000 dbc - 1 month bounty timer, 
  it is only fair . 
  i like the [ vagina bubbles from hell better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcyv3skblc4 ) . 
  let us draw some lines on the map for troop movements . 
  using waypoints and smoke is clunky . 
  have to zig zag up mountains like a goat . 
  rainbow glitter camo . 
  my entire street i grew up in portland , or in the 1980 's had computers in them if they had kids . 
  mostly apple ii 's but a few of us even programed our own choose your own adventure games in basic . 
  always with naughty words and lots of awkward sex scenes that can only be created by one who has never had sex . 
  i wish i still had copies of them , would be fun to look back . 
  what i see now is that everyone has computers and almost no one knows how to write a basic script to do filetask work in a modern cli like powershell or bash . 
  sure , they might know pretty advanced features of their oss ' guis but those are still just fancy shells . 
  i think gen x is the most computer literate generation still . 
  i wish they would make different kinds of medic shields . 
  maybe ones that increase caps by 50 % or resistance by 10 % would be cool . 
  it is probably the strain . 
  try a lower thc strain next time . 
  i always go in and get the $ 4/5 gram shake at the 14-15 % range for making cannabutter . 
  there is n't any real reason to use prime bud for butter . 
  some of the close to 30 % strains are fucking scary to make edibles out of unless you are a daily user . 
  when i grew my four plants this summer we used the trim and shake for butter and the buds we kept for vaping . 
  then me and the missus take the abv and make pumpkin or eggnog shakes with them and zone out on anime . 
  i definitely do n't want to go back to the old days of a2g rofflestomping everything . 
  ground lockons are balanced until we can get either get better aa guns or better radar for air . 
  yes . 
  also it will be less intense and cheaper . 
  a lot of people have bad experiences with edibles because they go with top shelf stuff and they use the weed/butter ratios for cannabutter that medical patients use . 
  my colleague made some 5 '' gingerbread men last year that zonked me for 10 hours . 
  when i have to use bud my normal 1/4 oz to stick to butter ratio stuff makes cupcakes that give a deep buzz for 5-6 hours with 2-3 consumed . 
  i work in civil engineering .
