  the engineer 's ai turret is so underutilized in this game . 
  you could it would just be wickedly expensive . 
  pretty much for every player there would have to be a rig on the other side with equivalent computing power . 
  daybreak probably has less than 20 physical servers running this game . 
  you are going to eventually want to get a wire cage for that plant . 
  if deer find it you are done for . 
  yes , it gives that deep ironey beefiness but you do n't want to use that much . 
  using too much cured or aged meats for minced dishes like burger patties will make them too friable . 
  enterprise-xxx . 
  1970 's porno space music cues . 
  wheat berries . 
  i 've never needed to keep rice warm that long , are you working at a restaurant ? 
  av gun ca n't hold a breach solo until it has to reload , besides that i agree with your love poem to the av gun but a well-positioned ai gun can hold a door solo against everything except maxes for a reasonable amount of time . 
  it really should be used more . 
  it would make maxes more useful . 
  it 'll happen soon . 
  a ss mmo fps will come . 
  there are places in every base to deploy it so that does not happen . 
  problem is that it is pretty boring staring at a door waiting for people to come . 
  i still have never run into an issue where i need to hold rice warm for two hours . 
  how many people are you feeding at a time ? 
  intel is trying to scale its ssc processors to 1000 + cpus per chip , we 'll see . 
  why would i need to keep rice warm for 8-12 hours when i can cook brown rice anytime i want it in 40 minutes ? 
  i do n't eat white rice . 
  also , i make a lot of fried rice so i need cold rice , it is part of why i make rice . 
  i do n't have just have a cheap costco rice cooker , i also have a cheap chinese fuzzy algo rice cooker that i 'm sure could keep rice warm for 8 + hours . 
  it just takes 2x the space on the countertop of my cheap costco one . 
  i could understand keeping rice warm every day if you eat it for three meals , i do not . 
  the reason i do n't keep food warm for 12 hours at a time is because that is not something i would ever do . 
  i do n't even ever use a slow cooker that long . 
  why not just make rice when you need it ? 
  it does n't take that long . 
  vs weapons are designed to target the slightly smaller skulls of the lesser races . 
  dude , i was n't being flippant . 
  i am sick of people on here preaching on and on about expensive tools people rarely , if ever need . 
  99 % of people do n't need a fuzzy algo $ 200 japanese rice cooker . 
  the fact that you ca n't understand that baffles me . 
  do you just have talking points when certain appliance discussions come up and attempt to beat people into submission ? 
  seize it for the public good . 
  less radical than the coe being anywhere near children . 
  police unions are some of the largest donors to state , county , city elections . 
  look up any elected office anywhere and you 'll find this is true . 
  we got drones , they are fat , fat people have larger heat signatures , this will be easy . 
  i do n't understand why protesting with guns in any form is legal . 
  oracle also used their d team on our project . 
  they are debacle after debacle . 
  no one in it likes them , they are the ted cruz of the tech world . 
  they get contracts through wining and dining imbeciles with fancy titles . 
  my question is this : who , what , where , when did oracle wine and dine to get this contract in the first place ? 
  no one with smidgen of it experience would have ever chosen oracle over a local webdev firm . 
  they are debacle after debacle . 
  no one in it likes them , they are the ted cruz of the tech world . 
  they get contracts through wining and dining imbeciles with fancy titles . 
  my question is this : who , what , where , when did oracle wine and dine to get this contract in the first place ? 
  no one with smidgen of it experience would have ever chosen oracle over a local webdev firm . 
  should 've used a hellfire missile on them . 
  a cop just doing his job could have been killed in this shootout . 
  armed protest = terrorism . 
  america does not negotiate with terrorists . 
  blm has been a godsend for the west . 
  after the 1800 's and early 1900 's there were 1000 's of abandoned mines in the west . 
  the blm worked with the epa to clean them up so people could have access to clean water . 
  there are mountains of mining tailings 10 stories tall in some places still , we will be cleaning that stuff up for centuries . 
  sue the fuckers . 
  you 'll win . 
  call up some lawyers right now !, 
  i have masonic friend and his homemade pickles taste like feet . 
  it was a living hell eating them in front of him . 
  i was in phoenix , az in the 1990 's and below my hotel room in a vacant lot adjoining the hotel some cops chased a suicidal man with a kitchen knife into a corner and shot him like 80 times . 
  no charges . 
  i heard that thing about the interns as well . 
  england is n't real , it was made up to sell harry potter . 
  yeah , somewhere around that time . 
  this is the portland fbi they eat donuts here , we are not savages . 
  so what happens when other seditionist manchildren take them up on their offer to murder federal agents ? 
  it is the only way libertarianism can be implemented , undemocratically . 
  libertarian idealogy ca n't win in the free market of ideas . 
  it has never won more than a few percentage of the vote anywhere . 
  what we are seeing is exactly how it is supposed to work . 
  they are the exact sort of people who even after told they can never own guns again will purchase them illegally . 
  i say lock them up for life . 
  does the fbi have a playbook for this situation or is it making it up as it goes ? 
  maybe they only wake for a single season close to the star every 800k years and then go back to sleep . 
  da does n't want to jeopardize every single case these bastards touched . 
  so he does nothing because he is either a coward or complicit . 
  countrywide took its best loan officers to ritz carlton hotels four times a year leading up to the 2008 mortgage mess they helped cause . 
  i was staying in one when they came in , about 200 of them , and they ordered every fancy thing on the menu , drank the bar dry of scotch one night , and played 80 dollar rounds of golf all weekend . 
  they were such a messed up company that the federal government pretty much conned bofa into buying them to sweep their most egregious shit under the rug . 
  the company 's top management is still in bofa , no one was ever charged . 
  i 've been a binge drinker a few times in my life and the only thing that helped me moderate was removing the people in my life who had continuous problems with alcoholism . 
  if you go out and get blotto every night you meet a certain group of * friends * , those are not your friends , they are co-enabling a very harmful lifestyle . 
  it will become a lifestyle , and it will destroy your real friendships . 
  real friends do n't need to use intoxicants to the point of damaging their bodies to have fun together . 
  it is an open society , what is preventing libertarianism from being spoken about in public ? 
  i grew up in eastern oregon . 
  those ranchers get a sweetheart deal for rights to 20 % of the price of normal grazing . 
  if they were in any other country in the world they would be paying significantly more for their cattle . 
  yet they still refuse to pay and then blame the government . 
  their claims are bogus . 
  these people are delusional , likely severely mentally ill .
