  some of us do n't want to replace one failing economic ideology with another . 
  planned economies do n't work . 
  the heroes in atlas shrugged would 've been replaced and forgotten the moment they left for their neckbeardtopia . 
  everyone from ceo down is replaceable in a postindustrial society . 
  that is what all that trillions of education every year is for . 
  the core problem with libertarian beliefs is that they think the world revolves around the individual , it does not . 
  the world is steamrolled over individuals by institutions . 
  individuals are mostly inconsequential . 
  do you think buying a hamburger without pickles is going to change the supply chain of pickles ? 
  of course not . 
  that is 99.9 % of your life right there . 
  you might have a smidgen of say on how something moves forward , everything else will be forgotten about even before you die . 
  in ayn rand 's books for manchildren , every single aspect of these supermen 's lives affects others . 
  it is wholly naive of how human society actually works . 
  stadium seat production would have to be increased those factories would have to retool , it would be 6 months min . 
  people are still alive from 1996 . 
  back in 1999 we went from netscape to ie at a job i was working , there was fucking chaos . 
  what they did is went out and wiped all the netscape installs overnight without any thought of what that would mean . 
  guess what ? 
  in 1999 people stilled used netscape email client because it had better contact integration for folks who did a lot of online sales . 
  it wiped out an entire sales teams collected sales contacts on the desktop because ie was sleeker for a bit . 
  never call either imho when dealing with a suicidal person . 
  at this point it is safer to walk away and hope for the best . 
  same area in texas got flooded with deaths not 40 years ago . 
  dry ground does not absorb for shit . 
  army corp has been screaming at texas about this since 2014 . 
  some , not all . 
  it lasted 7 more years . 
  none , the it was all nepotism . 
  you can also just use an airtight plastic container with a wad of wet paper towels in a ziplock to keep the moisture stable . 
  lot less waste , lasts just as long or longer . 
  go to your local high volume grocery store and see what they have low stock on . 
  go for that first . 
  conservative solution : increase below min wage prison labor aka slavery . 
  he is trying to pull this subreddit right but implying that sanders is so far left that no independent , fair , or moderate person should vote for him . 
  he is wrong . 
  any job should provide a lower middle class lifestyle . 
  the only people who should be at a subsistence level are those with a basic income . 
  except they are walking back from them , because lot of people hate them . 
  winco went all out trying to make them the default option and yet cashier lines are longer than ever . 
  how much cheaper do they want their food to be anyways ? 
  we 've had a dollar menu at wendy 's since the late 1990 's . 
  min wage has increased 5x since then . 
  actually chemical engineers specialize in this exact thing . 
  i just want to able to urinate on things . 
  i just want a rainbow kar ` fi for kdf fleet week . 
  left wing is united by what they love , right wing is united by what they hate . 
  most people shop by price point , not for quality . 
  keeping the price point for bargain hunters is critical for the food industry , because they have found they will substantially spend less at any other price point . 
  even if they have more money . 
  my mom makes bank as a vp , she will not order anything for more than 5 dollars at a fast food place . 
  they created this dollar menu monster and they will have to sustain it indefinitely . 
  the thing is , me and my wife actually prefer the nostalgia of mcdonald 's over five guys about half of the time still . 
  that nostalgia is strongly attached to certain foundational periods in people 's lives . 
  for me and my wife it was the fact that mcdonald 's was where we often did our homework together for grad school . 
  the fries and shakes give us an ephemeral glimpse back into a happy time . 
  that is the whole idea of happy meals , to ground kids into the feeling of mcd 's as being part of their childhood . 
  younger people today are building that sense of nostalgia at places like five guys . 
  that is the other thing , mcdonald 's consumer base is aging like fox news . 
  we 've already swung far enough right on sentencing and prisons ; call me crazy , but if we treat criminals like human beings maybe they will have a better chance of acting like human beings . 
  this is another reason why we need universal healthcare . 
  that way the son is in the system from birth , and ca n't be hidden away from the state because his mom had money . 
  it is inexcusable for someone with massive development disabilities to be hidden away like it was victorian times . 
  ~ 30 % of people rely solely on ss at some point . 
  that is 10 's of millions . 
  lol , no . 
  scripting might get you bumped up to 50k in most places . 
  to justify paying someone 100k a year for it work they would have to be at the very least a certified network admin . 
  you do n't have to be , but you are exception , not the rule in 2015 . 
  entry level gigs without having either lateral experience in another industry or a good chunk of education behind you are sparse compared to 10 years ago . 
  in 1999 we hired 30 people out of a mindspring tech support call center to run a noc and datacenter , would never happen today . 
  when i think spring break , i think naked ferengi women sunbathing on risa myself . 
  if you already have experience , and are applying for a mid career gig , sure . 
  i am talking entry level . 
  this guy is making 12 bucks an hour doing ts . 
  there is no way his coding skills are good enough to pass an interview for a dev gig . 
  our entry level positions have people with bachelor 's degrees and internships under their belts applying for them right now . 
  that is in portland , or , i would imagine it is even more competitive in the cities you list . 
  affability over the phone , promptness to task , and respecting the office environment as a place where work happens . 
  most problems we have with people with long stretches of unemployment is that they lack business social skills and etiquette . 
  you can teach all non-specialized skills in a few months for most jobs . 
  for some people it takes longer to settle into a professional office attitude , if ever . 
  i 'm traditional . 
  why do lizard people need tits, 
  it is about 50/50 in civil engineering . 
  you can tell if someone is an idiot in about 30 seconds in any engineering field . 
  what kind of engineering gig is it ? 
  more and more engineering firms do n't give a fuck if you test positive for marijuana . 
  all gun owners should be required to take courses and pass a psych profile like in every other country on the planet . 
  my uncle believes in space lizard people and he has a handgun in every room . 
  so they are sexy , sexy monotremes ? 
  needs sasquatch . 
  imho , it is a large part of consumer culture , people are conditioned to think of themselves wealthy when they are in debt so long as they can get credit to afford big tvs , cars , and houses . 
  i saw a black !, 
  more money for police !, 
  apply through a recruiter for contract work, 
  ha ha , no , no ; manchildren think everything is funny because they act like life is a sitcom and they are the star . 
  dude , ya tarded ? 
  he said dat, 
  am civil engineer .
