  she is n't posting fucking cookie recipes on instagram while head of state for hours a day , is she she is obviously accessing her state dept email in public . 
  there is no other interpretation that passes the bullshit test . 
  he probably hates everyone , including himself . 
  that is the reason babyboomers are offing themselves in record numbers , right ? 
  fuck that . 
  work means pay . 
  market is n't an entity . 
  so are you out of talking points ? 
  this man needs intimacy but not sexual intimacy . 
  he needs about a decade of shoulder massages . 
  that is what an imagination is for . 
  a good shrimp poop is like pushing out drywall . 
  the divorce of the clintons would be the capstone on the slimey old-school democratic establishment . 
  how many backroom deals are already riding on the clinton 's coat tails , waiting for her to get into office ? 
  this would just be the capstone of corruption for the clinton political machine . 
  nevada 's political machine is made up of service worker unions . 
  will they go for the 15/hour min wage or not ? 
  nh reminds of the people of the eastern cascades in the pacific nw . 
  earnest folk who mostly vote for authentic politicians , but sometimes choose crazy people to mix it up . 
  except all animals look for physically healthy traits in leaders ; humans do so to gauge self control and responsibility . 
  i 've met a plethora of different types who believe in the rigged election conspiracy . 
  from millennials to seniors , but the difference is that those seniors still go vote . 
  voting is habit forming , start early . 
  `` i would n't 've guessed , '' would 've worked as well . 
  huffpo has writers in the wing to push whatever narrative they want . 
  they 've trotted out random actors writing on political topics to push an agenda when even their own writers step away . 
  sharpton has done equal bad and good in my book , but that is the problem . 
  sharpton is n't an honest person at all , he is willing to lie for his agenda . 
  that is n't cool . 
  the manchildren we see parroting these views online are almost universally single younger men trying on a contrarian ideology . 
  the moment they enter a relationship with a human female and not a waifu they tend to be tamed or turned out pretty quickly by modern women , from what i 've seen . 
  millennial women outside of a few large metros dominated by tech or finance industries are making more than their male peers . 
  the male american breadwinner is n't the default economic model families are built upon anymore . 
  those redpillers need to realize that . 
  i am voting stein no matter what . 
  i 've been a pacific green for 20 years , that is n't changing . 
  my state is a lock for the democrats anyway . 
  jill stein does n't have the charisma . 
  i am a person voting for her and saying that . 
  al franken would need to run with someone who could match his energy . 
  concentrate on mayoral and city council elections first . 
  maybe it is regional ? 
  in my experience working in pacific nw professional workplaces -- i 'm an engineer -- have zero-tolerance for sexism since at least the early 00 's . 
  i do n't even know someone professionally who holds views like that who still works . 
  the people i knew like that are retired . 
  i can remember in 1998 in my first job that we got two new female engineering technicians and one night they had a problem with one of the contractors hanging around their stations making creepy talk , and he was gone the next day . 
  i ca n't imagine how depressing clown school must be . 
  what happens if the gop goes after legal weed ? 
  here we are listening to suicidal bravado from manchildren . 
  time to take back our land . 
  these guys just called for help from the liberal aclu . 
  wtf is a nevada assemblywoman doing fucking with a federal domestic terrorist situation in oregon, 
  idiot terrorist : `` it 's freezing . 
  we need a propane heater . '', 
  fbi guy : `` it 's warm in our cars ! '', 
  idiot terrorist : `` it 's freezing . 
  we need a propane heater . '', 
  fbi guy : `` it 's warm in our cars ! '', 
  i heart the portland fbi . 
  they have been so cool and professional throughout this . 
  manchild terrorist : `` it 's freezing . 
  we need a propane heater . '', 
  fbi guy : `` it 's warm in our cars ! '', 
  tarps keep snacks dry . 
  he was at the first bundy fiasco and assaulted real journalists there . 
  fuck the seditionist manchild . 
  fuck him hard . 
  mmm sweaty strawberry, 
  so many ugly manchild/talking horse hybrids are coming in the 21st century then . 
  dixie chili represent . 
  welsh coal miners . 
  kentucky has tons of welsh in it as well from the coal mining . 
  40 year old here , almost met my maker laughing . 
  need to cut out the afterafterafterdinner scotch . 
  turkey slim jim cooked in its juices . 
  saying men will always be attracted to breadwinners is a point for manchildren . 
  oregon has horrible mental healthcare for its inmates . 
  let 's hope they can get xfered to a federal supermax soon . 
  people feel smart when they have talking points about a subject , even if they do n't understand them . 
  because she has made promises to not rock the boat to very , very powerful people , and if she wants to continue to be invited to those cocktail parties where said powerbrokers play she knows she ca n't go too far . 
  trump is a wildcard , he was a democrat for decades , and honestly i do n't know how sincere he is in his current republican guise . 
  he has a gun pointed to his head now and is yammering on and on about being jesus . 
  send them to fight isis . 
  he is now snuggling with his ~ ~ waifu ~ ~ pillow . 
  it takes a lemming to get a lemming to follow . 
  there is pizza and marijuana in the fbi party van david . 
  he is crying now . 
  i think the pillow he is crying into is a waifu of one of the founding fathers . 
  too bad he wo n't get it in an oregon jail . 
  he is a messianic jew , he thinks jeebus is coming . 
  i do n't know , finding good chinese food east of the cascade curtain is a kind of miracle . 
  not with democratic voters . 
  pretty sure he was a synth . 
  during the broadcast she said because they had pork-fried rice that god was watching over them . 
  i do n't even know what that means . 
  no idea , he is a wildcard . 
  the feds are our goons . 
  we only tax weed and booze here in oregon . 
  sales taxes are regressive . 
  in this case the feds stood between us and people who were trying to establish a parallel universe united states by occupying a bird refuge .
