  it is strange to think that this generation has so many different sources for music that there is no common zeitgeist where they can all hark back to . 
  btw , if you want to see the other songs played after video killed the radio star , [ here they are . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_music_videos_aired_on_mtv ), 
  vote yes !, 
  it is actually about abortion . 
  this is 2015 , this should be dismissed out of hand without 3d scanned datasets imho . 
  portland , or and she co-owns a tattoo/piercing shop downtown with her brother . 
  i said broadcast . 
  i 've never heard of a single person going to tn for tourism . 
  i live in oregon , is it only regional tourism ? 
  we recently started having 10k + people come in for some of our festivals , conferences , symposiums in portland and we are struggling to build out enough accommodations for them . 
  tn already has low corporate taxes what they do n't have is desirable cities with infrastructure and institutions to attract 20-30 year olds . 
  in fact they lose a lot of their 20-30 years each year like the rest of the midwest . 
  wheels man , wheels . 
  i had to look up [ dollywood ] ( http://www.dollywood.com/ ) , that is straight up awesome . 
  if someone had told me that existed in a bar i would 've thought they were lying . 
  at the end of sto we find out we have all been holograms in a tom paris holonovel , and the lights go out . 
  roll credits . 
  no it is not , because obviously people are still not financially literate even after graduating from college . 
  advocating that finance should be put back in the curriculum as in most schools it was removed decades ago when standardized testing became the norm , and it did not make the cut is probably a good idea . 
  that always blew my mind when i heard about people who were making 2-3x as much as me going bankrupt in their 30 's because they bought 5000 square foot homes with zero rainyday savings . 
  as someone who was raised with goats , you do not want to smell goats for 6 months . 
  i actually like the idea of bringing back summer/winter ships . 
  back before computerized banking everyone learned how to balance a checkbook in either home ec or math class . 
  by the time standardized testing came along in the 1980 's budgeting -- which is what it was called -- simply did n't make the cut . 
  i do n't have a source but i thought it was pretty common knowledge , at least from someone who has been on both sides of it . 
  they are trying to bring back personal finance instruction across the country . 
  it is a toy , and honestly i do n't give a damn about thickness . 
  i want battery life and sturdiness . 
  labor is negligible in a business with decent volume . 
  the problem is people do n't want to admit we do n't need a mcdonald 's / starbucks/chipotle on every street corner with people making 7 dollars an hour waiting for those 20-30 customers a shift to roll through . 
  a lot of the problem with most of the usa is that suburban sprawl makes opening a retail or restaurant business reliant upon underpaid labor without benefits . 
  there is simply no other way to have so many places conveniently open in such sparsely populated areas . 
  cpi index is sticky to my knowledge and is nothing close to linear . 
  consumer prices are very sticky , difficult to dramatically decrease or increase the cost at the point of sale , as psychologically people take a long time to adapt to changes in prices . 
  that is why we have had a dollar menu for decades and milk/eggs/toilet paper rise only slightly in price each year . 
  also labor is in a place like fast food restaurant is only about 1/3rd of the cost of running the business . 
  yeah , if you doubled the cost of labor overnight , things would get out of hand but they are talking about 3-5 year time spans on implementing this , and we 've statistically had much bigger min wage jumps than this and fast food restaurants did not close , they expanded . 
  we do n't base educational requirements for nearly 50 million school-age children on mr. 
  beef 's accomplishments . 
  we try to base policy in regards on what gives us the best education for the majority of students . 
  stop making this personal . 
  it is just not going to be that dramatic of a jump in prices , there is no way even doubling the min wage would dramatically increase consumer prices for most goods . 
  would some businesses that relied on cheap labor close ? 
  probably . 
  would a lot of stuff get automated ? 
  yep . 
  however , in the end raising the price floor of labor would make the economy more robust , as we would not continue to have businesses who only exist because they are dependent on cheap labor that is subsidized through government social services picking up the slack . 
  yes , and that is a good thing . 
  what happens everytime we have raised min wage before is that some jobs get a bit more automation and some jobs become completely automated . 
  those jobs that go away typically are extremely low-skilled and/or dangerous jobs . 
  we will likely see a fully robotic fast food experience with minimal human labor in the next 10 years . 
  for instance , in the past , the banning of child labor , which was paid 1/10th the rate of adult labor , forced mining companies to invent mechanical sorters for coal . 
  we ca n't just stand still and say this is the way it has been and this is the way it will always be . 
  there is no reason to have burger flippers at all . 
  automation is inevitable . 
  there is no stopping the complete automation of fast food , this is 2015 and i would n't be surprised if by 2025 we see a 50 % reduction in fast food jobs ; however , those jobs might be higher skilled as they will be expected to work with much more sophisticated equipment than today . 
  it is about a 1/3rd nation wide , but with good volume it should be a 1/4 or less of your business costs . 
  americans need to understand , we ca n't keep building everything throughout the sprawl under the calculus of convenience . 
  that is how we get the vast amounts of retail space in the suburbs that has been abandoned in the past 20 years . 
  hell , i can buy 8,000 square feet of retail right now 20 miles from me for about the cost of my house . 
  no one wants it because the suburbs are predicated on two things that are slowly but surely disappearing . 
  cheap gasoline , and cheap labor . 
  the fast food places on every corner will be gone in a generation if they are not automated , because many only exist because they are underpaying their employees and expecting the rest of us to pay taxes for the social services their employees use . 
  maybe we should just make all of school optional . 
  we built out a datacenter there and the locals were effing insufferable . 
  the children there are some of the most entitled brats i 've ever met . 
  i went to a bar and the only dude who would talk to me would n't shut up about his goddamn 600 dollar messenger bag made out of kangaroo hide . 
  calling other people pathetic and whining about how smart you are is really helping the discussion along . 
  shower us with your brilliance !, 
  i created a crater . 
  um democrats for life has never been denied participation in a conference , feel free to prove me wrong . 
  he apparently guilted people at the table if they ate meat in front of him . 
  so he was one of those evil vegetarians . 
  i found that the people that complained about it were typically the least cultural aware of my acquaintances and friends . 
  my workmate has lived here for 20 years and she has never been to a single music or art show . 
  depends on the city but you can get a fine dining tasting menu experience if you scour groupon sometimes for less than 120 bucks . 
  you can get breakfast from places like this for 40-50 bucks sometimes . 
  me and the gf go out twice a month to a place like this and we almost always spend under 300 with drinks for dinner and 40-60 for breakfast/brunch . 
  lunch is almost never worth it . 
  `` a grief support group, 
  honoring all types of loss, 
  offering support , information , community & hope . 
  an intimate group designed to hold space for individuals dealing with grief and loss . 
  right now we are 4 professional therapists who are hosting this group . 
  there will be two therapists at each group and we will be using a format from golden willow grief retreat center -- a center that focuses solely on processing grief . 
  ted wiard , the founder of the center , is our supervisor and adviser . 
  if anyone has questions they are welcome to call or to email me at 503-610-3510 and catherine@griefsanctuary.com . 
  our groups begin april 1st and are 6 weeks on two weeks off ( to give closure ) . 
  all groups are open to drop-ins . 
  more information can be found at http://www.griefsanctuary.com '', 
  good luck , i ca n't relate so i hope you find someone who can . 
  why is this a default ? 
  everyone should act like they are mandatory reporters anyways . 
  more like , only the next 200 generations of my genes never have to work again , let 's make it 250 . 
  we are entering an age of neo-feudalism with an aristocracy that has more wealth than the planet has ever seen . 
  utter cherry-picked nonsense . 
  it does n't matter if a few places in africa are seeing higher rainfall if the effing breadbasket of africa is become desert . 
  meh , yeah it is . 
  a good 40 % of pdx kitchens let you meet the chefs .
