  his daughter mentioned this at a thanksgiving and almost got written out of the will . 
  the world is full of undiscovered geniuses . 
  it does n't matter if you have a great engineering idea if you ca n't even do basic cad , almost all of which can be learned online for free by anyone . 
  both engineering and cad . 
  i would check the local food cart scene for a fried chicken menu . 
  i spend most of the year in portland and we have cackalack 's which is like chick-fil-a but full-on spicy . 
  i am only in nyc for the a few months each fall at our parent office but last time i was there i went to the l&l hawaiian bbq in midtown and it had a katsu chicken sandwich for like 6-7 bucks with a side . 
  working line for two years does . 
  i live in oregon we all mail in our votes and as of jan 1st everyone getting id will automatically registered to vote . 
  we have 70 % vote participation . 
  imho , both should be federal laws . 
  not everyone is going to be elon musk but anyone can bring an idea to fruition if they work hard at it . 
  stop talking about something and learn how to do step one of one hundred is all i am saying . 
  the internet leaves no excuses for ignorance . 
  the secret is money and luck . 
  there are millions of people out there with incredible intelligence and drive . 
  if that is all it took to succeed than there would be a lot more billionaire engineers , doctors , and scientists out there . 
  it was the same sentence . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the community college feeder system in states like california already absorb almost half of all local outgoing high school seniors . 
  doubling infrastructure is not the end of the world . 
  yeah an hour commute is n't bad if you do n't have kids . 
  our firm likes to keep everyone around forever . 
  a law that banned private ownership of handguns . 
  something that we should have anyways . 
  no , you are trying to defend a gun permissive society that results in stuff like this happening . 
  the cheapest way to achieve higher density in desirable neighborhoods is to continue tearing down single family homes and building more condos . 
  long term we are going to need some planned high density hallmark projects which are going to be expensive , both in labor , and land . 
  san francisco is fucked in part because they were told explicitly in the 1970 's that they needed higher density development and instead they designated every victorian clapboard house as a historical landmark . 
  portland metro is going to have to raze some houses , perhaps entire streets of houses along the max lines and build out hd developments . 
  we 'll be legally stoned though . 
  also the baby boomers are excluded from all benefits cuts . 
  then almost no one even in a middle class tax bracket could afford anything but community college . 
  do it in a salad bowl and it is less messy . 
  i eat with tongs . 
  you will have solar power , beer , and multiculturalism or we will crash your economy with debt , muhahahaahahaha . 
  slave labor is best labor . 
  if you want a new angle -- the portland has weed story has been done to death -- start down in ashland or humboldt , county california and work your way up to seattle noting some of the history of the area along the way . 
  the pacific nw led decriminalization of marijuana in the us at relatively the same time , 1970 's to early 1980 's . 
  the region has had a do your own thing culture that since the turn of the 1960 's has promoted and protected individual liberties to a larger extent than other american regions ; however , not too long ago it was one of the most racist areas of the country . 
  read about vanport in portland in the mid 20th century , or even further back when [ oregon had exclusion laws banning people of african descent from living in the territory ] ( http://www.blackpast.org/perspectives/black-laws-oregon-1844-1857 ) . 
  it has come a long way since then . 
  wage slavery , chattel slavery , what is the difference ? 
  6 ' 5 '' and when i travel to korea i always have little bent old women and men hurrying unto the train carrying plastic bags of god knows what running into my crotch on the seoul metro . 
  they do n't register someone that tall . 
  i have at least 10 devices i can pull my book collection off the cloud in my tinyoffice . 
  if i put 1/5th of my library from my house into my office i would not be able to set anywhere . 
  happens in all industries that use powered tools . 
  a mechanical engineering friend of mine lost part of his cornea from a spot-welding incident where he pushed a wee resistance-welder to the point where the machine created a molten pool and it being near a shop fan and some splattered onto his face . 
  now he wears safety goggles when he mows his lawn . 
  i have not been into a single house or apartment in japan or south korea without a microwave . 
  our democratic process has been co-opted . 
  sanders speaks for a far larger amount of americans than most senators . 
  before some of the gop candidates were potty-trained . 
  yep , most businesses kill innovation . 
  i use one of those microwave steamers at work and thin-shelled stuff like gyoza steams better about half-defrosted . 
  they are useless for char siu baos . 
  can they interbreed ? 
  the vast , vast majority of the time this food nostalgia is what people are trying to get at but pineapple shipped stateside is n't as good as the stuff in hawaii because they pick them when they are not ripe . 
  buy a kitchen scale , start weighing all portions . 
  i am 6 ' 5 '' and the most i weighed was 350 . 
  what ended up helping me the most -- i weigh 280 now -- was the same , i started weighing what i ate on a kitchen scale . 
  first i reduced it by 20-30 % , then 50 % , and now i eat those portions instead of what i was eating before . 
  i had no idea two cold cut sandwiches could be 1200 calories . 
  so now i eat one per meal . 
  it means in theory a quadriplegic would get more than a healthy person . 
  shit be crashing out here in oregon , you can get 100-140 an ounce from lots of folks . 
  you have to ease into something like this . 
  try using beef jerky like potato chips first . 
  i mix them half and half with chips when i make a dip . 
  always make your own rice flour . 
  it is so cheap to do . 
  i live in ny in the fall , then i will miss the oregon prices but prices are slowly going down in the ne as well . 
  it would doom every legislator in kentucky that tried to do that . 
  there is a narrative running in new jersey that he is the * only * person capable of running that state . 
  many people believe that to this day . 
  anyone on the west coast below san francisco can grow it in their backyard . 
  not just kids . 
  working disabled adults are fucked too . 
  people in wheelchairs , who in other states would be able to work part time and seek treatment are being forced to work full time or more in texas just to survive , just like jesus would want . 
  he is a lot more animated now , i think he has two pitches to his voice after doing all those docky wockys . 
  you ca n't refuse a religious cake if you make any custom designs . 
  you would get your ass sued off even 20 years ago . 
  i was a former pastry chef , and if your shop makes any custom work , you have to open that custom work to all protected classes . 
  if you maintain a storefront in oregon or any other state with this statute , you are being subsidized by taxpayers ' dollars for infrastructure . 
  why should taxpayers be forced to pay for a business that refuses to serve some of the community based on sexual orientation ? 
  if they want to bake cakes for bigots they can move to russia . 
  yep , you can have a catalog and stick to the catalog , no customization whatsoever . 
  that is the case with many catering menus . 
  you ca n't discriminate against any protected classes in selling it though . 
  even non-protected classes might sue you , and it is n't worth the hassle . 
  we catered a bob dole election night party , and trust me we really , really did not want to . 
  we should wall off portland and let the rest of the country go to mad max times . 
  why the hell are you riding stoned ? 
  on trails there are a lot of blind curves and walking people . 
  fuck this entitled bullshit . 
  at what age are infants even self-aware ? 
  it is depressing watching my neighborhood 's average resident become older and older . 
  there used to be ten elementary schools in the district here when my kids were still at home . 
  now there is three or four .
