  i like a good blue cheese w / smoked white fish in my rolls sometimes . 
  mmmmm . 
  i 'm a civil engineer champ . 
  hahaha no, 
  depends on the model , my cheap one has a brown rice setting and works fine . 
  former pastry chef here , these are japanese-style cheesecakes they use emulsification of eggs and corn flour to get this bounce . 
  add a metal bowl of water to oven while it is preheating . 
  the water will make steam which will keep baked goods from developing thick crusts . 
  prevents the top of the baked goods from losing moisture as quickly . 
  it is used to give dessert breads like challah that thin crust people like as well . 
  that is what we called it . 
  it was part of holiday and dessert breads . 
  so many pastry books out there , they are all usually pretty specialized . 
  if you are interested in old school american pastries you can get [ american cookery by james beard ] ( http://www.amazon.com/james-beards-american-cookery-beard/dp/031609868x/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1457464884&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=beard+american+cookery ) . 
  for french , the book i would recommend is out of print . 
  for modern american pastries the best place is online . 
  pinterest is [ booming with ideas ] ( https://www.pinterest.com/search/pins/?q=pastry&amp;rs=typed&amp;0=pastry%7ctyped ) . 
  pastries unlike bread welcomes experimentation . 
  good luck . 
  yes, 
  the [ maillard reaction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maillard_reaction ) is a tricky mistress , best to follow the recipes exactly temperature-wise to get the results you want . 
  fine line between that and caramelization . 
  i 'm a green party member , have been for 20 years , when the clintons destroyed the progressive wing of the democratic party with their `` third way '' shenanigans in the 1990 's i started voting green . 
  they are literally anti-progressives . 
  how could i ever vote for someone like that, 
  that clinton sub has a spooky authoritarian vibe . 
  good luck . 
  twitter banned that hashtag from trending . 
  where is a news story about that, 
  free circumcisions for all !, 
  as an aside : can you name some german comics and animation we should check out ? 
  funny thing is i have you res tagged as racist . 
  i wish i could masstag any of his supporters . 
  they are n't worthwhile to talk to . 
  it is a bloodbath on twitter about this . 
  i 've had to report three trump supporters for threatening violence already today . 
  they are only useful if the trains are n't at capacity . 
  if not , they just take up more room and poke into the back of tall people . 
  germany-based high school/college life animated series would be cool for the insight into german school culture . 
  thanks . 
  ah , that is what i feared . 
  there is so little native european animation . 
  i wish there was more . 
  too much american and japanese animation . 
  this is why people against food stamps infuriate me . 
  oregon is doing better than mississippi by almost every metric . 
  what exactly do you want oregon to do ? 
  i say we get washington state in on it and use boeing to build actual bombers . 
  reconstruction 2.0 incoming . 
  good . 
  fuck those guys . 
  they made me a fried pizza once special by asking them a week in advance . 
  am second generation scottish american , great place for all scottish food . 
  the reason i bought in hazlewood was because it was cheap and does n't flood . 
  kickstarter, 
  to recognize the address you put in google maps when you get there if there is n't decent signage . 
  or black protestors . 
  genetic engineering . 
  women , am i right, 
  sisters for everyone to kill !, 
  lol , if you think any state has the funds for superfund cleanups you are delusional . 
  the clintons were indirectly . 
  they believe in a centrist democratic party and up until kerry ran still had the most control over the national dnc machine . 
  they have been fighting the progressive wing of the democratic party for 25 years . 
  progressive politics on the national stage only work with a 50 state machine . 
  they dismantled that . 
  notice how clinton wins in red states and bernie in blue ? 
  the amount of in-state offices needed to sell insurance anywhere makes this idea a non-starter for businesses that want to turn a profit . 
  trump has n't done his homework . 
  just wait until there are riots like 1968 . 
  she 'll be there encouraging more violence . 
  if the dnc want riots at the convention , that is how you get riots , like 1968 100 + city riots . 
  looks like assault to me . 
  am i taking crazy pills, 
  i love you okies , smoked then fried chicken is so fucking good . 
  it should be everywhere . 
  20 year long green party member here , bernie sanders will be the first democrat i 've ever voted for . 
  they did n't expect turnout under 30 to be so high . 
  sanders is winning like 80 % of the vote under 30 . 
  yep , my father will never disbelieve a single thing trump says . 
  my father lives off social security checks , has n't worked in 20 years , and is suddenly an expert on illegal immigrants taking jobs . 
  he lives in a city that is 95 % white . 
  clinton does not support federal decriminalization or legalization of marijuana . 
  would n't her presidency just keep the status quo of black young people being locked up for pot ? 
  why does n't anyone talk about the fact that clinton has no plan to release marijuana offenders from prison or keep more from being locked up ? 
  if you support trump you support authoritarianism ipso facto . 
  great dictator for president !, 
  except private healthcare is a drain on the american economy , and has been for at least 60-70 years . 
  we have more medical bankruptcies than the next 20 countries combined . 
  do we really want to go back to the pre-aca when adults were working themselves into an early grave because they could n't get treatment for diseases that do n't kill people in other countries with universal healthcare ? 
  anyone who supports clinton at this point should be voted out of office . 
  where the fuck are the comments going ? 
  this shit is digg-level of ineptitude . 
  it is time to leave reddit . 
  shit like this is why i left digg . 
  too bad we ca n't comment on any of those articles and are forced to the useless megathread . 
  why the fuck is this allowed but comment on those articles is segregated into a megathread ? 
  mods ? 
  also , what happens to online communities like reddit when we no longer can differentiate between human and ai commentators ? 
  https://np.reddit.com/user/vocaloid_mayu a former mod of / r/waifuism announces her departure due to anti-polyamory bigotry in the community .
