  climate change will also [ dramatically increase costs for infrastructure nearly everywhere in the world ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s1877705814010595 ) . 
  where are those funds going to come from if the usa elects someone like ted cruz ? 
  oh man , a rocklet that turned someone 's radar signature to the enemies for 5-6 seconds would be hilarious . 
  spam rocklets into nc horde , watch them cannibalize eachother . 
  laughing at you too . 
  no , they are delusional because they think they are entitled to better service because of who they are , not how much money they spend . 
  a lot of places do n't give a fuck who these kids are or who their daddy is , that is the cold hard truth they do n't understand . 
  over a million now . 
  i get it that trump supporters are jealous . 
  they elected themselves via secret committee the overlords of the oregon county they occupied . 
  i 've never met a libertarian who did not have something bad to say about democracy . 
  what was hilarious about that , is when he said that / r/libertarian had a few postings about it with like 3-4 votes , then no discussion at all . 
  they are great at playing pretend . 
  they comp all assholes -- try it sometime , but these kids think people are doing it because of their social status , hence the delusion . 
  they are just assholes . 
  i wrote that , it was a 900 room ski resort , and preferential treatment -- at least in my domain : the kitchen/bakery -- was never given to someone on name recognition . 
  ever . 
  we treated each person who ordered from us in a very set in stone way . 
  that was policy . 
  political pluralism or we will all perish . 
  waifu polyamory is verboten !, 
  nonsense , he has n't personally helped a single person with the drug . 
  it would go to the supreme court , we 'd have to roll the dice that they got it right , not a very good prospect with mr. roberts and friends . 
  i forget ohio was in the union sometimes , everytime i visit there about half of the state reminds me of the south . 
  grew up on a farm , and i 'd rather be shot in the head than gassed . 
  they should be tried as seditionists , hung until they die in a public place , and their property confiscated by the federal government . 
  we need to make examples of them . 
  how tall would someone have to be 980 lbs and healthy ? 
  can something bipedal be that tall ? 
  [ glass blower lung . 
  ] ( http://www.thoracic.org/professionals/clinical-resources/environmental-and-occupational/clinical-cases/pages/case11.php ), 
  if they want to play militia , we treat them as foreign one . 
  that is taller than a space marine . 
  i 'm scared . 
  it could be a lot worse than it is . 
  a lot worse . 
  without the luxury apartments/condos put up on the eastside and downtown in the past 10 years , we would be seeing everyone making under 40-50k living in gresham or beaverton probably . 
  ais will take care of that , malevolent ais for all !, 
  so show me one . 
  no mercy for seditionists . 
  wtf is a biddy i ai n't your grandmother kidd-o . 
  none that i know of but we used to take cages of feral cats to be gassed because my father was never cool about shooting them . 
  i wish he had . 
  fuck google , they are fucking with politics by not trying to offend anyone . 
  i do n't know . 
  we just took a few dozen feral cats every year to the local animal shelter and they gassed them . 
  do n't know what process they used . 
  is n't this what snipers are for ? 
  why should the fbi and osp risk their lives at another road stop ? 
  his version of socialism had germans living like rich romans with bonus endless conquest/exploitation of the lesser races . 
  foam cannons . 
   retort my comment, 
  dude was elbow deep in the logistics , planning , and execution of those schemes as well . 
  he authorized school of the americas graduates to disappear leftists . 
  that sounds dangerous . 
  russian submarines are hellish to maintain and operate . 
  almost all modern nuclear submarine accidents were russian . 
  throw the lawyers in mcj as well . 
  give them all public defenders . 
  ramen packets are awesome in making lots of things . 
  i use them in scrambled eggs . 
  part of being on a farm is dealing with feral cats/dogs . 
  i guess you did not grow up on a farm . 
  the republicans have been reactionary know-nothings for 60 years . 
  name a single gop-led policy at the federal level that has been popular in the past 60 years . 
  got one ? 
  i ca n't think of one . 
  sinn fein has some good points . 
  civil rights are n't negotiable . 
  we have massive underemployment still . 
  if it works it will create new middle class markets for american products . 
  if it does n't it will create middle class markets in asian countries while collapsing the american middle class . 
  vitamin b12 the vegan slayer . 
  decent commuter bike with a good derailleur and gears is 500 + new in the states . 
  anyone who has seen rubio speak has seen how curt and formal his speeches have been in the past , this is why . 
  his brain buffers overload after about 300 words . 
  do you think that matters at all to the sheepish authoritarians who are the base of the gop party ? 
  those are jobs that are a massively inefficient waste of resources and labor , they wo n't be missed . 
  you really going to sing a sad song for the 100 's of thousands of claim adjusters out there ? 
  snowcrash was an homage to manga , where this is n't that uncommon of a relationship . 
  eat carrots and yell a lot , live forever . 
  we could 've kept using thousands of manual laborers to build even a mile of road , instead of using diesel-powered construction machinery , and i 'm guessing you are thinking that would be a good thing ? 
  the us spends 3-4x what other countries are spending on healthcare and getting the same/worse results . 
  that is money that could be put to much , much better use . 
  considering medical bankruptcy would be eliminated i think we can call any single payer system a win economically . 
  there used to be legions of human street sweepers cleaning streets at night . 
  then we invented the horse-drawn streetsweeper . 
  does it have hot chicks ? 
  this should surprise no one . 
  clintons have always been about identity politics . 
  they did n't conjure up the * first black president * meme with bill clinton , but they pushed hard with it to wring every last vote out of the black community . 
  so when hillary is swinging around her ovaries and yelling in an amazonian voice at the top of her lungs that she represents women , she is doing it in an aping manner . 
  she does n't really care about the voters she represents , at least not the way sanders does . 
  she does n't listen to them , and that is not going to change unless you have money . 
  she did n't like the 50 state plan because it is brutal uncompromising work for a dnc chair . 
  it worked , and she knew it , but she wanted time to spend at the soirees and big state campaign rallies where all the richie riches give out those sweet , sweet contributions . 
  she raised more money than dean , and she considers that having a bigger war chest for general election showdowns in big states is more important than winning congressional representation for democrats in small ones . 
  cheapest i can find used online is around the same price as you are quoting , but with a new bike purchase you get a warranty , and can buy insurance . 
  those are pretty useful features . 
  i use a geared bike because our downtown has a hilly area which my 40 year old body ca n't power through like i could when i was in my 20 's .
