  a person may think to himself or herself , ` i 've only had a couple of beers so i can drive okay , ' but their judgment can be severely affected and they do n't even know it . '', 
  hey now . 
  do n't , drink cider instead . 
  they are also in star trek online , / r/sto . 
  we 've heard the talking point , do you have anything else, 
  kickstarter for an a/c present from / r/portland for your wedding, 
  clean kitchen is a sign of a mediocre mind . 
  build out your immune system lad , nothing wrong with a few funguses about . 
  hobart , nothing else is worth even looking at . 
  nutella is n't even 12 % hazelnuts . 
  also the reason they use palm oil is because hazelnut oil sells for a small fortune . 
  we can forever remember them as the four bigots they are . 
  well , that is addiction . 
  bigots do n't deserve tolerance . 
  as an oregonian i say we adopt austin , other progressive states adopt the other large texan cities . 
  austin you are legally allowed to smoke weed july 1st , have a safe 4th . 
  ancient greeks seems to have done pretty well with slaves as teachers , maybe we can get brownback to see about that . 
  it is 2550 mah , it is garbage and never should 've been shipped . 
  my wife got one and she is lucky to make to make it through the day if she does not bring the charger to her office . 
  it is too much screen and too much processor for such a weak battery . 
  i do n't speak oink , can anyone translate this drawl ? 
  march to the sea 2.0 . 
  one billion in surplus to one billion in deficit . 
  louisiana will be paying for jindal for 20 years . 
  smaller fish 2-3 days , larger fish 3-4 . 
  my colleague finished his bachelor 's at 42 and master 's at 45 . 
  he is a partner in a civil engineering firm now . 
  he worked construction for 20 years . 
  he is 50 now , and he knows more about new cad tricks than some 20 year olds . 
  islam needs an * allah is dead * moment . 
  can we start funding translations of existentialism into arabic, 
  to run wow, 
  you can max out wow @ 1980p with a $ 700 machine . 
  costco for shirts . 
  that is 10 units of booze . 
  is that really drunk, 
  marxist manchildren are as laughable as nozickian manchildren . 
  who cares what a commie thinks about anything, 
  lol , are you serious ? 
  that is three glasses of wine . 
  for a 250 lb man that is nothing . 
  no one cares about marxism . 
  marx is deader than god . 
  also leftism is doing just fine without marx kid . 
  so like libertarians the only support marxist manchildren have is online . 
  i see no real difference between you two . 
  you are both utterly laughable to me . 
  in the real world , where political pluralism is the name of the game , marxism and libertarianism mean nothing , literally nothing . 
  russia has already slashed money for transportation projects outside of moscow and a few other cities . 
  their transportation infrastructure is past the point of maintenance and is entering the point of rebuilding for most of the country . 
  something like half of russia 's regional airports do n't even have enough capital to repair runways . 
  so your argument that marxism is relevant to political discourse in 2015 is to highlight a group of terrorists and an authoritarian state, 
   in fact , most political scientists agree that the single most influential system of political thought of the modern age is marxism . 
  lol , no they do n't . 
  historical materialism has been thoroughly discredited since the mid 20th century . 
  karl popper eviscerated marxism by showing it was nothing but a cloudy crystal ball , and you kids have been playing in the entrails ever since trying to reanimate a corpse . 
  i 'm not sure what academic institution you are associated with or have gone to but outside of a few structuralists and poststructuralists in the philosophy department preaching structural marxism , and the rarefied marxist economist -- usually well into their 60 's , no one is talking about marx . 
  well i guess there is always badiou and zizek who advocate withdrawing from modern industrial society because * mumble mumble * so that communism has a chance , because communism sure as fuck does not have a chance currently . 
  mixed market economies work , deal with it . 
  lol , guess what ? 
  that is n't socialist enough for the marxist manchildren this policy is meant to discourage from visiting here . 
  do n't forget we are dealing with the vanguard online commie elite party who knows better than economists on how to run economies , or farmers on how to farm , or well anything else they are the best of because obscure marx quote * mumble mumble * . 
  until we expose the marxist manchild culture brigading this sub , we have the obligation to confront it . 
  the point of this post was to lambaste marxists . 
  lol , name legislation they 've passed . 
  which is not an exclusively communist policy , thanks for playing . 
  cloudy crystal ball worshipping commie . 
  pretty sure the point was that marxism is as naive as libertarianism . 
  waitstaff outside of a few states makes on average under 25k a year or around 12-14 an hour . 
  that is with modern debit/credit card tipping being almost impossible to not report taxes on . 
  still is n't that great a job . 
  which is why 15/hour without tips works so well . 
  bullshit , the average wage of waitstaff is less than 9 an hour with tips . 
  they can say they are inspired by marx but that is not evident in their actual policies . 
  communist-style planned economic and social programs are in decline even in cuba and are almost absent in 2015 china . 
  china does n't even waste money on communist propaganda outside their army and a few token newspapers , no one in china actually believes in it anymore . 
  a vanishingly smaller and smaller portion of tips are cash , and debit/credit card tips are reported directly to the irs at end of week when they do payroll . 
  my friend runs a bar and even with a bank atm across the street and an atm in his bar less than 10 % of his business is in cash . 
  waitstaff do not make a lot of money in most places , there are of course exceptions , but for most people it is n't even lower middle class wages , which is 30k a year . 
  i last made that much in 1994 or thereabouts . 
  that does n't change the fact that most waitstaff are making less than 25k a year before taxes , like 90 % of them according to the bol , with almost half making less than 20k . 
  your friends are the exception , not the rule . 
  10k in undeclared tips btw , is a felony . 
  sounds like the peasants are getting uppity . 
  no one wants to live in a pure free market , most of us want more labor protections , not a race to the bottom . 
  because their small lives revolve around marriage . 
  your two statements do not cohere . 
  that is n't it . 
  she disclaimed peer review in her own lifetime , she had her opportunity to be a philosopher and squandered it by publishing her works outside peer review . 
  right in the trash for me . 
  engineers with downtime ? 
  lol . 
  still should n't drive stoned . 
  our engineers put in 60 hour weeks most of the year , no downtime . 
  not for engineers doing industrial design . 
  easy as fuck on the max hour tops . 
  i guess suburbs that close at 6 and 9 are your thing . 
  it is the nonsense that stem are all philistines . 
  get back to work peasants . 
  private firefighting services are barbaric .
