  if this subreddit had the same mod team as / r/politics half of the comments would be removed and there would be mass bannings . 
  i am guessing that would be bad for reddit 's ad revenue . 
  newer redditors skew younger so what you are seeing are american teenagers trying to be edgy here . 
  i lived off those giant half-price -- marked down at 10 pm -- winco sandwiches in college . 
  if i brought one home now my wife would lecture me about my high blood pressure and cholesterol . 
  man , i miss college . 
  i am an engineer and when i was younger i worked in a few remote locations that were fly-in only as well . 
  if you can , get a garden going . 
  save your seeds . 
  we had a garden up and running in the middle of fucking nowhere alaska and ate like kings for a few months before i left . 
  i would like to imagine it is still in use by the folks stationed up there . 
  shame that amazon pantry is so inconsistent with pricing or i 'd use it more . 
  still has some ridiculous sales every once in awhile and for me with prime free shipping it would be stupid not to take advantage of them . 
  however , once i tried seeing how much a week 's worth of dry goods would be on amazon and looking at the cart 's total i could n't stop laughing at how overpriced most items were . 
  let 's be honest , most animes retread the same tropes over and over . 
  there are animes you can watch out of order because virtually the same plot plays out in every episode . 
  i 've been thinking of building my own greenhouse here in oregon . 
  do you know any good sites to start out on ? 
  i am a civil engineer by trade so schematic-heavy sites would be great . 
  i am in portland and about half of the people i see on the streets , from business folks to hipsters , are wearing columbia sports jackets in a wide range of colors . 
  not when the osp 's union is one of the largest donors to every elected official in state government in oregon . 
  tastes like a very , very mild fish flavor unless you use cod . 
  then it smells like the funkiest fish odor you 've ever smelled . 
  like a fish fart aged from the beginning of the universe . 
  could n't stand to try the cod lutefisk but i 've had other kinds at a local norwegian-american lodge near xmas time over the years . 
  prepare to be underwhelmed . 
  oh man , i was working in japan and i was desperately trying to learn the language and i downloaded children 's anime and a bunch of others when i found [ hetalia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hetalia:_axis_powers ) which is like an anime version of polandball sorta . 
  japanese take on germany and i think korea in the series was controversial . 
  [ brutalist architecture ] ( http://arstechnica.com/civis/viewtopic.php?t=61398 ) was pretty much designed to withstand nuclear attacks . 
  there is no other explanation for designing buildings like that , let alone a city of them . 
  [ reinforced concrete ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reinforced_concrete ) started out emulating classical styles at the turn of the 20th century and then [ went artsy for a bit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/art_nouveau ) before ww ii came along and buildings were being designed and redesigned to withstand conventional and nuclear bombings . 
  hence we got brutalism . 
  a style of architecture for an uncertain future which radiates a low-level but soul-sapping forebodingness . 
  brutalism is the culmination of humanity 's relationship with concrete . 
  removing racist posts and posters from reddit = literally hitler censorship . 
  i 've been researching german cuisine -- among others -- on/off for en wikipedia for years and it enlightening to see how inventive german food culture was as it was adapted throughout the americas , esp chile . 
  the current chilean cuisine one is mostly a list , but i 'll be hopefully changing that soon . 
  pretty sure germans could conquer the world through just sausage and beer festivals . 
  udf is the best ice cream i 've ever had in the midwest , bar none . 
  polishing off four [ cincinnati-style chili ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cincinnati_chili ) dogs and eating a pint of udf is the first thing i do when i get to cincy . 
  the new udf pumpkin flavor is the bee 's knees . 
  graeter 's is a close second , at least in the area . 
  i feel ya brother i 'm sitting here at 7 am looking at my morning breakfast of an egg white breakfast burrito with two measly pieces of vegan sausage and i want to cry . 
  where 'd i go wrong ? 
  at least i get to eat a good dinner today because my in-laws are coming over and my wife wants her family to think she feeds me people food . 
  12 hours to burgers . 
  i spent a hazy night in a high-rise office in la with an industrial-grade two liter of soju between me , a 300 lb 6 ' 7 '' daily drinker american and a korean architect who i later learned had just recently recovered from a heart attack . 
  sad story , his alcoholism , he was dead later that year . 
  dude was working like a maniac at 5 am when i had to give up and call a taxi . 
  also it was one of those life changing hangovers that was so horrible it was schismatic for me . 
  there is my life before and after soju . 
  no more soju for me thanks . 
  [ chinese-american restaurant in shanghai . 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2014/02/12/275628045/cornell-pair-introduce-american-chinese-food-to-shanghai ), 
  i hope kitty is neutered . 
  when / r/politics lost default status it stopped accepting new users . 
  what you are seeing in / r/worldnews and / r/news is american teenagers with their first reddit account trying to be edgy about politics . 
  lol , show me a single country in europe where refugees are staying in better accommodations than average citizens . 
  refugee centers are being built out in disused school buildings , industrial sites , and when they are very lucky old public housing . 
  fearmongering posts by delusional right wing manchildren is why no one takes / r/worldnews seriously anymore . 
  keep up the good work , we are laughing at you . 
  nonsense . 
  obama alone has deported more illegal immigrants than the last three presidents combined . 
  where are you getting your news ? 
  / r/worldnews has either an alternative history fanclub or a group of bigots who will say anything to advance their agenda . 
  i just ca n't decide which is happening . 
  [ daw , you added another strawman . 
  read his posting history it is almost all nonsensical rants against immigrants in europe when it is obvious he lives in the usa . 
  he is also spamming the same reply . 
  so we should allow criminal/terrorist organizations to openly recruit on the internet ? 
  how about child porn ? 
  how do you feel about child porn ? 
  canada is also a larger economy than russia . 
  basing policies on fear always turns out great !, 
  you support child porn on your `` open '' internet, 
  man , i wish we could change the reticle color easily . 
  i ca n't see shit in tr because of the red fucking with my depth perception somehow . 
  the solution to what ? 
  child porn or the criminal organizations ? 
  maybe we should let drug cartels have public bake sales as well . 
  oh man , remember around that time when everyone 's stay-at-home parent was also trying to get into the niche bakery biz ? 
  i got so many free samples back then . 
  welcome to oregon . 
  we need to get a kickstarter to relocate the yamhill to washington . 
  that will solve about 10 % of the downtown homeless problem imho . 
  i do n't see the point in paying more for a glass of wine than the bottle costs to listen to upper middle class + problems . 
  i 'd pay not to have to listen to those people . 
  i 'll wait for you weaklings to sleep before licking your eyes for eye boogers . 
  the world will be his toilet . 
  do n't forget terrorist . 
  are you making a slippery slope argument for leaving child porn on the open web ? 
  stop whining and contribute . 
  can we send in drones so innocent people do n't have to get hurt ? 
  that is only if you think they are acting as peaceful protesters . 
  some of them think they are fighting an insurrection against the federal government . 
  we are beyond words and thoughts now . 
  sounds like a good strain for cannacinnamon toast . 
  after the vietnam war the us built tons of medical and social facilities throughout the nation to help veterans . 
  they worked . 
  when reagan rolled into power those places started shutting down first in rural areas and then in major urban centers .
