  um , it is to be implemented over a 3-4 year period . 
  i do n't trust a nation that is below sea level . 
  they are separate concepts which i clearly delineated in my original comment . 
  at will employment in many european countries only exists for a very small subset of industries , and even then is not as laissez faire as the us . 
  ok , show me a single study that shows :, 
  `` at will employment legislation does n't cripple collective bargaining '', 
  [ here i will help . 
  ] ( https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=at%20will%20employment%20collective%20bargaining&amp;btng=search&amp;as_sdt=800000000001&amp;as_sdtp=on ), 
  the top three that are showing for me show the opposite sparky . 
  that is why my thesis sentence has two distinct concepts addressed :, 
  `` via at will employment legislation and preventing unions from collecting dues '', 
  that combo makes attempts at unionization dicey , and i 've already stated that almost all eu economies have at will employment co-existing besides unionized workers . 
  my thesis stands . 
  eu economies have a vast underclass of off-the-books black market labor which operates at the will of the employer . 
  10 % of uks economy is like that . 
  the fact that you do n't even know that shows me you do n't read much about economics in europe . 
  i have no idea why you are commenting on something you do n't know about . 
  do you like to have an opinion about everything ? 
  the most heavily-unionized states in the usa sit around 25 % and falling . 
  how is that for co-existing with at will employment ? 
  do you have a point or an agenda ? 
  that was n't my thesis , so you clearly have an agenda , not a point . 
  my thesis is that at will and laws against mandatory union dues reduces unionization rates . 
  you have cited nothing and i have no more time for your blathering . 
  become a farmer . 
  what state and city ? 
  portland , or here and they are utterly random . 
  three in five of the native americans tribes were wiped out and that is not genocide ? 
  please ... 
  this is / r/truereddit , can you please stop repeating your talking points for your toxic racist agenda and leave ? 
  i stopped paying attention to katu when they turned off comments . 
  it is called the cascade curtain . 
  it looks like a dildo to me . 
  most american soccer fans watch and talk about american soccer . 
  / r/mls, 
  did that sound clever to you when you typed it ? 
  um , which actually has been effective at reducing drunk driving . 
  why do n't you lazy bastards do your own research instead of being spiteful ? 
  `` researchers found that laws making it illegal for anyone under the age of 21 to possess or purchase alcohol have led to an 11 % drop in alcohol-related fatal car crashes . '', 
  what part of the country still cares whether grown adults vape e-cigs or use marijuana ? 
  the only adults i 've seen hated on around here lately are binge drinkers and cigarette smokers , and that was only around children . 
  if it constantly messaged you for approval that would be cool , some slavish useless borg following you around . 
  gmi or something like it is inevitable or we will be living in elysium or mad max times . 
  the problem with negative income tax is that it is usually combined with a flat tax . 
  wealth would still continue to accrue more and more at the top , which means more and more people would qualify to not pay taxes . 
  sure , if we have automated 50 % of jobs , 50 % of people may not need to work , but the discentive to work may be too great to overcome . 
  also resentment would follow . 
  i support a gmi paired with progressive taxation that concentrates on preventing the massive social inequality we have today and that would be done by cutting out a wide middle income class that has room to grow their wealth , as well as higher income classes that pay far more than they do today . 
  it can be , but most proponents are rothbardian or friedman-type libertarians who want to pair it with a flat tax . 
  meh , they were better than most drm-walled gardens for games for a time , and now they are being left behind only because smaller companies are more nimble . 
  origin and gog both are awesome at replying with usually 2-3 hours for any support ticket . 
  i have waited on average for steam about 48 hours . 
  problem is that if either origin or gog became as big as steam , they would have the same problems . 
  what we need to do is regulate the institutional real estate market , other metros have done it . 
  problem is that those laws keep getting overturned . 
  ones that had protections against stuff like this and relaxed them , key one being san francisco , have seen their rental and house prices treble in less than 15 years . 
  which is great if you own a home now but for everyone else it makes it almost impossible to become a homeowner . 
  customer service does not scale linearly . 
  you start getting backlogged with esoteric , legal , and abusive issues . 
  so , you have cited nothing , so i 'm assuming you are less reliable than either . 
  the cubs are all female , he is actually protecting future sexy partners . 
  more like lord of the flies . 
  liar . 
  it can also be a force for good . 
  half of the time relationships that break up because of facebook should be celebrated . 
  lots of crappy relationships out there with people sticking together for the kids or the money . 
  colloquially referred to as `` whataboutism '' . 
  we can only build compact if we can tear down the single story city centers along our max lines . 
  beaverton should be razed to the ground a mile in every direction from the beaverton transit center , and we start from there . 
  washington county 's tax base is already stretched so thin on infrastructure funding that only half of the crosswalks are painted , and old ones are not getting repainted . 
  we also ca n't keep laying more and more asphalt out to suburbs and expect the rest of the metro to pick up the tab with trimet service . 
  hell , the bus feeder system to the orange will cost almost as much as the one in gresham but it will be serving about half of the people . 
  it is because of wimpy recalcitrance like yours that we got in this mess . 
  we need to start facing the reality that `` reinventing the suburbs '' is either going to require scorched earth fuck you policies that use eminent domain like a scythe through the strip malls or abandoning the whole mess altogether to the soon to be suburban poor . 
  screw the landowners in beaverton . 
  30 % of the city is car dealerships and parking lots . 
  all of which should immediately be zoned for high density development . 
  hell there are 10 car dealerships within walking distance of the three major beaverton max stops with square miles of wasted space . 
  you do realize that the car dealerships have the testicles of the city council in hand there right ? 
  you want to negotiate with them ? 
  lol . 
  here in oregon you just go down to the judge and he will change it on your next paycheck . 
  shatner does n't forgive or forget . 
  yep , authoritarians -- most of the modern gop -- require authorities to exert power over those they deem `` other '' or they will seriously freak out . 
  who is we , the entitled suburbanites who work in portland , live in the burbs with their entitled children , and do n't want to pay taxes for urban renewal ? 
  no one cares what you think . 
  is there a difference ? 
  both of them would strip civil rights from gays . 
  no such thing . 
  libertarianism is an absolutist ideology or it is wildly incoherent . 
  you ca n't be for public sidewalks and against public healthcare . 
  libertarianism is not a buffet . 
  no one , just some israeli accounts that like to play victim about everything . 
  so you believe all businesses should be required by force if necessary to serve gays , women , and blacks ? 
  this is n't about what you would do . 
  this is about civil rights , which come from the state protecting them . 
  what the hell is imperial conditioning ? 
  we are n't in the star wars universe . 
  name a single stateless society with civil rights . 
  civil rights by definition are enumerated and protected under law .
