  cite a study or go learn about the system , i 'm not going to engage you further otherwise . 
  it is a nice day outside . 
  yeah , it is all a conspiracy and you are the smartest guy on reddit . 
  the rich man circlejerk could be fifty friends/favors in any direction . 
  the gop is a literal old boy 's club with outrageous amounts of fiscal leeching off the state . 
  the gop operates as a business in 2015 . 
  10 million in campaign donations becomes 100 million in profits for corporations that are also revolving door for former gop operatives and politicians . 
  look at the second careers for former congressman on both parties . 
  democrats are only slightly better . 
  we need to have a long talk as americans about campaigning reform , then we might be able to institute a more equitable electoral system . 
  til : koreans have prehensile penises like dolphins . 
  the modern right wing actually have political theorists who articulate an anti-enlightenment argument in favor of absolute laissez-faire capitalism , no regulations , no rights -- well , only if you are property , or own some . 
  self-driving trucks have rights too !, 
  / r/botrights, 
  yeah . 
  happens to a lot of rich kids whose parents own a business . 
  see , most working class parents ' kids are working in that business at a young age . 
  they develop the skillset needed while building out camaraderie with the workforce . 
  watching a rich kid get handed a factory who has never worked in one , who then slashes jobs , benefits , hours is infuriating . 
  these kids do n't get it . 
  a good technician , fabricator , or machinist is not easy to replace in 2015 . 
  all they see are people who make less than them , so they treat them like peons . 
  well they are the exception . 
  median wage for waiters is 18k a year . 
  bartenders make only slightly more . 
  that violates wiretapping laws , you need to go to the fbi with this info . 
  lol , oh wait . 
  a quick look at / r/technology reminds me why it is n't taken as seriously as / r/engineering or / r/science . 
  too many end users and gadget collectors , not enough brains . 
  anyone working from farm to table dealing with food and beverages has insurance . 
  it is required for business credit and loans . 
  midwest is where broken dreams turn into runaway teen prostitutes . 
  thanks republicans !, 
  like what ? 
  there is not a 4k compatible laptop video card solution yet . 
  all that does is drive out the middle class further and further away as people are buying homes in stockton and commuting now . 
  i do n't trust them anymore . 
  that is not how wiretapping laws work , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  80 % of tips are by debit/credit now , so that does n't even make sense . 
  they are dead and we have 300 million people , can you imagine even 100 different political agendas trying to reach consensus ? 
  starve the uk for a bit , they collectively should lose some weight anyways . 
  do you think us oregonians like people from florida moving here ? 
  either become a federalized europe or go back to petty wars . 
  europe needs to shit or get off the pot when it comes to being an actual union . 
  just root it . 
  which runs every single modern aaa game title on android which is what , console-level from 7 years ago ? 
  until an app or game comes out that needs the latest and greatest , who cares ? 
  i can drive vr goggles with an android phone with 512 mb of ram . 
  double tap works in tons of custom roms . 
  there are dozens of contact list managers that can move lists between pretty much anything in existence all the way down to archaic proprietary pda contact list formats . 
  themes are regularly stolen wholesale from other roms . 
  i 'd flash it with a new rom myself . 
  i utterly disagree . 
  florida is pretty much a failed state . 
  when did / r/news start welcoming this toxic manchild mentality ? 
  it was very much sometimes about moralizing . 
  none of these preaching-to-the-choir talking points add fucking jack to the discussion , keep your internal blabber to yourselves . 
  keep your lowbrow comments to whatever shitty bar you drink in . 
  tell me when one of your bands you listen to has been playing for 30-40 years if you do n't want to sit down and enjoy your music . 
  try living in nyc on a retail job 's hourly rate . 
  learn to brew bro , / r/homebrewing . 
  you can make cheap booze out of frozen fruit concentrate , like 1/30th that cost . 
  stay within a mile or two of a max station if you ever plan on drinking downtown . 
  if you have never prepared dried bivalves , you should start with something cheap like dried oysters . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't catch a citation there on how the united states federal reserve is foundationally a pump and dump scheme for an alluded shadow cabal . 
  i think what is worse ; and more likely , is that we have some true believers in there that have no fucking clue what they are doing . 
  the neo-confederates were anti-enlightenment as well as anti-federal , so are the tea partiers . 
  the concept of political liberty in first the southern slave states and even now in parts of the south has been reserved guardedly against `` others '' . 
  the already rich and powerful there have been turning the white working class and poor against the blacks for centuries , while gutting programs to help both whites ' and blacks ' common economic plights . 
  when the southern strategy clicked into gear the us had the middle classes voting against their own interests for the first time in the history of the republic . 
  they do by tricking the southerner -- protestant southerners operate mostly out of a sense of shame and honor , not guilt and duty like northerners . 
  so having their religion blame poverty on being unpious , and work always being rewarded with wealth makes them pliant to privation as being a personal fault . 
  the southerner is also sometimes self-shaming , yet lacks the lutheran/catholic guilt that spurs introspection . 
  the south overall is about an adherence to tribal conformity as a collective guard against the encroachment of other ways of doing things , or thinking things . 
  also , the south has towns and even cities where three or four families control the local government and corporate institutions from the top down . 
  these rural royals can pretty much subjugate these small towns and even regional megacities like lords of the manor . 
  maintaining power through explicit demonstrations but mostly implicit acceptance bred into the local population . 
  that is what these neocons want , a government based on pure racial and economic bloodlines . 
  for all their talk of the free market , the only need they have of it is to remove those worker 's , student 's , women 's rights that provide any measure of dignity . 
  losing one 's dignity should lead to anger , but the southern working class is so overexerted and exploited it can either admit that was is happening is the fault of politicians they voted for or just continue blaming blacks , single mothers , students , teachers , and isis because you are 40 in a southern state and you still do n't have a 401k . 
  wait , how is eliminating the federal reserve and allowing anyone to issue currency and therefore affect american domestic fiscal policy better ? 
  we should democratically elect the entire board of the federal reserve imho , but destroying it is insane . 
  call up international food bazaar in beavtown , sometimes they have 5 gallon pails of tahini . 
  [ pet em down ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2_8cfvpxbo ), 
  i 'm sorry are you an ancap, 
  neither does advocating anarchy . 
  oregon has 15k a year more gdp per capita . 
  no , it is not . 
  florida is a net drain on the federal government , oregon is a net positive . 
  20 minutes is average in my local taco bell at 5-6 . 
  ca n't they just make the mexicans working there into cyborgs or some shit, 
  eliminate the min wage and bring back slavery . 
  rand paul has spoken . 
  theater is constant parties . 
  brownback spoke at length of `` getting tough on poverty '' and now kansas instead of being in the middle of the pack on child poverty is leading from the bottom when it comes to its growth . 
  brownback is merely making more people impoverished so that he can study them better . 
  it will all trickle down soon ; soon . 
  keeping politically tainted midwesterner filth from reaching the coasts should be a priority . 
  hahaha , fuck that . 
  travel is all fun in your 20 's and 30 's but it should absolutely be compensated .
