  in portland you can barely get a 1200 studio downtown . 
  some people need more help than others . 
  basic income is not magic . 
  there will still be a need for means tested programs . 
  giving a ubi and saying fuck off is just callous . 
  no , they should n't be . 
  what right does a person who can walk have a right to have a ramp built for their home ? 
  wtf, 
  so build ramps everytime someone asks for one ? 
  i want 3000 ramps . 
  so you are advocating a social system by which there is no checking anyone asking for anything because you think bureaucracy is bad ? 
  you realize it is n't just about ramps , right ? 
  there are literally thousands of mean-tested services currently in existence , and if you do n't think people will ask for things they do n't need , you are wildly naive . 
  lol , i ca n't even ... 
  fuck that . 
  why should we keep making entitlements for parents that cost the rest of us tax money instead of just paying them a living wage ? 
  38k a year is peanuts for a college degree . 
  that is n't even 500 a week take home for most people unless they have dependents . 
  those against a living wage are just trotting out the same talking points that they have regurgitated for 25 years on the subject . 
  it is pathetic that in 2015 we are incapable of having a conversation about the min wage that is based in facts because the other side refuses to engage with reality . 
  not in 2015 . 
  e-verify is a harsh , harsh system . 
  ms is only $ 8k below the national median income level and is currently making on average 12/hour or thereabouts . 
  if you think $ 3 more an hour is equivalent to a 100k gig , you are cuckoo for cocoa puffs . 
  hahahahahhahahahaahah , pre-k is vastly more expensive . 
  for children with special needs it can be thousands of dollars a month . 
  the myth of pre-k being some sort of panacea has been called into question , with minimal , if any , benefits directly tied to universal programs . 
  what is wrong with paying a living wage and expecting parents to use private pre-k systems ? 
  15/hour over a 2-3 year period ? 
  that is less than 500 a week take home pay . 
  most metro areas on the west coast are approaching or already have $ 1000 + rent for single bedrooms . 
  currently people making min wage in those areas are paying 60-70 % of their wages for rent . 
  paying citizens off the books is an even worse idea . 
  there are dozens of ways that the city , state , and feds can be alerted that someone is making money but not paying taxes on it . 
  if they apply for everything from snap to student loans to even car financing they can get caught . 
  they were always conservative socially , even during communism . 
  the problem is that none of those countries has developed a modern pluralistic society . 
  reddit has the largest online racist community in the world . 
  hardly surprising . 
  russia does n't even have paved roads between most of its major cities . 
  no , just ratchet the campiness to fabulous and it will be fine . 
  you should research meatball prep . 
  the best ones are cooked in sauce . 
  just add an egg , spices , and a binder like breadcrumbs to ground meat . 
  enjoy !, 
  in the 1970 's they tried this in brazil . 
  does anyone have any good links to those projects ? 
  most of the uncontacted tribes are known colloquially by the weapons they use . 
  increase your gas tax , and start charging higher registration fees for lht . 
  education is a right . 
  get in the habit of using them . 
  portland should 've encouraged five story minimum for condos but that ship has fucking sailed . 
  the problem is n't rent , the problem is that people getting out of college ca n't even qualify for a fha loan outside of gresham . 
  so tons of apartments that would go to actual low income residents are being occupied by people making a fuckload more money . 
  you have to serve hot food to serve booze in many states in the usa as well . 
  surely you know five stories is greater than three . 
  yep , one to three stories for where almost all of portland 's major condo building is happening . 
  * allowed housing is characterized by one to three story buildings * is the reg for the r2 zoned which is where most of the condo developments in portland have been built in the past 10 years . 
  i 'd like to see a study on this because i know at least a few people working at startups right now below market rate . 
  he still has the shares , he is just not entitled to the profit before the employees . 
  agreed , this may be too much . 
  almost no one uses frozen clam for chowder for this very reason . 
  in fact most restaurant chowder uses canned . 
  the only way to make them less tough is thaw them for 12 hours plus in the fridge . 
  any variation in the temperature gradient in the clam meat will cause tough parts if you cook them through . 
  yep , in places like portland , or we have gone from 5-10 % institutional investors to as high as 30 % in some areas . 
  in some condo developments , almost half of the condos are rented out . 
  institutional investors stack the hoas to allow them to rent these units out . 
  buy a condo on the east side before it is too late . 
  look at prices of condos in oakland in 1999 and today . 
  if you buy something made of metal there is no such thing as a socially conscious supply chain period . 
  mine has free canned food near the front door . 
  las vegas is n't portland or seattle or san fransisco . 
  six to eighteen months for most infrastructure . 
  it will rise the columbia at most a foot or so . 
  make him a mod of / r/conspiracy, 
  can we ban shadowbans or not, 
  i esp love when they are let into restaurants or bars and the owner fucking feeds it off the table . 
  like that matters when owners are afraid of customers claiming their animal is a service animal . 
  no federal or state registration of service animals . 
  my sister worked at a pizza place where the owner 's mom took all the unused dough , baked it and gave it to the pigeons , ducks , flying shit monsters . 
  yep , koch brothers are the sort of old men who live in a bubble where everyone around them tells them they are sage and clever and intelligent no matter what they say or do . 
  trump derives all of his pleasure from berating and belittling others to the point they break down . 
  put the two in the room and neither one is going to get what they want . 
  option 5 : colonize space , make a new portland colony on mars . 
  only if you ca n't swim . 
  $ 1.50-2 .00 pbr and $ 3.00 micro here in portland , or . 
  please come , just do n't stay . 
  as a former pastry chef who used to do catering all over the west coast ; imho , the best deal for a wedding is to find a remote ski resort in the off season and have it there . 
  90 % of the time it will be priced out for the locals , which will be far , far , far lower than big metro prices , and they universally will be nearby a small airport . 
  i did not go to school i had an apprenticeship and i grew up in a small resort town , so i just took the first job i could find in high school . 
  it happened to be working in a pastry shop under a pastry chef who had worked for decades in italy and san francisco . 
  it was fulfilling having a skillset i could bank on during college and the hours can be pretty easy going if you cater , but can be outright brutal in a high production environment like a hotel with multiple restaurant fronts . 
  a lot of pastry chef gigs are 2 am to 10 am pushing out the baked goods because most places do n't have a separate pastry chef station so as you go out the rest of the crew is coming in , and then it is not uncommon to come back for dinner service the same day for a few hours . 
  12-14 hour days are not uncommon because it is hard to find a competent pastry chef in most towns . 
  chickens lay eggs mostly in the morning . 
  so using them for breakfast is a natural consequence of having to go collect the eggs , and why eggs around the world are a breakfast staple , at least for people who keep chickens . 
   hens usually ovulate in the morning but can ovulate as late as 3 p.m. ovulation occurs about an hour after laying an egg . 
  however it was n't till the 1920 's when factory farming of eggs made them ubiquitous in american marketplaces that a man named [ edward l. bernays launched a campaign ] ( http://www.bonappetit.com/entertaining-style/pop-culture/article/watch-the-inventor-of-pr-explain-how-bacon-and-eggs-became-an-all-american-breakfast ) -- he was a pr man -- to make bacon and eggs the american breakfast . 
  he was working for a company that sold bacon at the time .
