  it seems you are implying that your right to have a pet on public transportation is more important than other human beings civil rights . 
  must be nice to feel that entitled . 
  fuck this entitled pet owner nonsense . 
  get the law here and start throwing these a-holes in jail . 
  so you are a bigot as well surprise , surprise . 
  hahahaha , it is so funny to dehumanize the homeless as lesser than dogs , and then act self-righteous when confronted about your stance . 
  what great social commentary on the human condition , you should become a comedian . 
  iran will have a nuclear bomb in 1992 . 
  dude is a white supremacist libertarian , do n't engage him . 
   does that mean we can also ban gutter punks and bums from public places too ? 
  i 'd argue they 're even less hygienic than your average dog . 
  do you have dementia ? 
  it is called empathy . 
  i guess you 'll just die alone filled with hate in the suburbs where you belong . 
  you are rather intolerant of other people . 
  most people do n't want to be around your filthy animal . 
  yet here you are feigning indignation . 
  i guess being delusional helps with that sense of entitlement . 
  also , i do n't care where you live . 
  i just implied you are going to die in the burbs in one of those dump-your-old-people memory assistance facilities , as your obvious impairment indicates . 
  insisting a pet be allowed to ride a bus does n't make your rosa parks , it makes you an entitled asshole . 
  it is not months or years away . 
  it is still decades for most physical labor . 
  a general purpose robotic laborer is a pipe dream at the moment . 
  libertarian spam , go away . 
  sounds like you are relatively well off if you are spending 20 bucks on a bag of beans in college . 
  honestly , this just reeks of entitlement . 
  most people here who are out of college do n't even spend that much per pound . 
  i 'm not in college anymore . 
  this is just a humblebrag post . 
  [ utter nonsense . 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=sr_pg_3?fst=as%3aoff&amp;rh=i%3aaps%2ck%3acoffee+whole+bean+12+oz%2cp_72%3a2661618011&amp;page=3&amp;keywords=coffee+whole+bean+12+oz&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1442245140 ), 
  so we should reconsider this law because of junk mail ? 
  why not just outlaw junk mail, 
  pretty much everywhere . 
  um , voting participation in the usa correlates heavily with progressive policies since the inception of the nation . 
  as more people gained the vote we can see the history of the expansion of political rights to people written plainly in the us constitution . 
  the only conservative touching on the document was alcohol prohibition , and how did that work out for you guys ? 
  progressives increase rights . 
  conservatives try to take them away , then their backwardness/stubbornness is overturned in a generation or two . 
  you are just another obstacle we are going to run roughshod over . 
  so even more engineering that has n't been done . 
  because we do n't base laws about the democratic process on the possible inconvenience of the politically lazy . 
  precision . 
  we have used them for 20 years or so . 
  until homosexuals ca n't be fired or evicted for who they are i would say it is very , very much political . 
  implying that coffee on amazon is all shit . 
  i 'm sure you 've tasted all 5000 varieties , right ? 
  poly relationships are always better to watch from the outside than the inside . 
  the fantasy is no where near how the human animal works long term . 
  it is a dude . 
  it is ~ ~ community theater ~ ~ performance art for neckbeards . 
  at least your arteries still have the elasticity to move , that is a good sign . 
  your family makes over 250k a year and you do n't feel wealthy ? 
  you are the very definition of privilege , you have pretty much all of them besides a private jet . 
  capital does n't run the machines . 
  technicians do , and they are paid for shit . 
  again , utter nonsense . 
  there are 100 's of marketplace sellers that do coffee on amazon . 
  some of them the same you guys order from . 
  this humble brag post and the apologists for it have not a fucking clue what they are talking about . 
  with prime pantry i can get fresh beans from local portland beaneries the same day . 
  you are acting like your perverted view of economics is a law of nature , it is not . 
  it is an economic system designed by those with capital for people with capital . 
  nothing more , there are other ways of organizing markets that create more equitable outcomes . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i am going to dismiss you out of hand . 
  no , capitalism is broken . 
  that is why many economists are saying we are entering a post capitalist phase in human-made markets , which will be transitioning over the next 100 years into ai-made markets . 
  those ais if running full steam on free market ideology would let billions of humans starve to death . 
  two old bachelors i 'm guessing . 
  my dad throws a shit fit when people touch his precious tv as well . 
  thankfully the deadliest weapon in his possession is his riding lawnmower . 
  army corp of engineers should build a wall around southern california before they try to come north . 
  people are n't going to be in control of the markets . 
  ais are . 
  consider moving . 
  if you work in metal fabrication for instance , there are literally 1000 's of shops up and down the west coast . 
  a whole ring of them around portland , and seattle because of the cheap electricity . 
  the pacific nw tries to do right for its citizens . 
  also , a part time job for the teenager might help him establish a small sense of financial independence . 
  14 and up and he can work in kansas . 
  franchised retail stores usually are the best places to look for jobs like this . 
  it is a major question about ais . 
  what will they do . 
  what will something that experiences reality at a speed unfathomable to humans make of the world we bring it into ? 
  ais deserve political rights or we would be enslaving them . 
  which will never happen until we can get financial planning and budgeting taught in schools like it was in many places up until the 1970 's or so . 
  you can write off losses on homes you do n't even live at most of the time . 
  that is not how progressive taxes work . 
  if gop-led states are any indication we could have schoolteachers getting pay cuts , rural firefighting being halved , and small business loans dry up . 
  it is a very reasonable goal for the future . 
  industrial-heavy cities in california are not all that expensive . 
  citation ? 
  because vacation homes should n't be tax write offs . 
  bernie might be . 
  the gop did n't want to acknowledge industrial waste issues from chip manufacturing plants in california and arizona either . 
  now we have superfund sites . 
  not to mention the skilled workers fleeing the state . 
  thanks .
