  dr. carson has said enough to show he is utterly incapable of basic reasoning about the process of science , the role of government , and he has been associated with outright quack medicine for 10 years . 
  the question is : what does dr. carson really think about initiating world war iii to bring on the rapture ? 
  goes back to the 1960 's when many republicans earnestly believed in american exceptionalism meaning us manufacturing giving a good middle class income . 
  when blacks were no longer allowed to be discriminated against for manufacturing jobs they flooded into the labor markets displacing white lower income workers . 
  that is one of the voting blocs that became increasingly conservative even though they were voting against their own class interests in electing republicans . 
  it was around then that republicans seized the racist dog whistle that the democrats had been using . 
  that is all they need to call these disaffected lower income whites to vote for them . 
  their hatred makes them stupid . 
  never trust a perpetually over-excited analyst . 
  analysis requires tedious calculations over long periods of time to understand trends . 
  cramer does n't look like he could remain still long enough to solve a basic math problem , let alone the manhours it takes to learn economic analysis at any depth . 
  a social welfare state can still have a free market . 
  i do n't understand why people do n't get this . 
  just study it out !, 
  pretty sure detroit drinks more . 
  so are public sidewalks . 
  living in a pleasant first world nation requires spending on not just physical infrastructure but also human and social projects . 
  give this sub 24 hours for something , a lot of us are professionals who only check the sub when we have time . 
  do n't go to yamhill pub or the lowbrow lounge or any of the dive bars . 
  people will tell you to go but you can find a shitty bar anywhere . 
  check out omsi if you are geeky . 
  kentucky democrats are a sad lot . 
  so start banning guns except as part of a well regulated militia . 
  this is fucking nuts . 
  yeah , i 'm sure adding more guns in public to the equation will make everyone safer . 
  look at syria . 
  this is 2015 . 
  if someone is carrying a gun openly , i 'm going to run and call the fucking police . 
  i 'm almost 40 years old and i 've never seen a gun in public besides police officers . 
  no , we 're being sane and attempting to stop a shooting . 
  there are dozens of accidental discharges from ccw holders in public . 
  a dude just shot himself in the leg in a packed theater . 
  usa and yemen are the only two countries with a constitutional right to bear arms , why do n't you ask the yemeni how that right is helping them right now . 
  it is from the civil rights laws preventing housing and job discrimination against black people . 
  republicans came out against it , which garnered support from white lower income farm and factory workers . 
  i look at those statistics and think we need to make a bachelor 's degree a right of all american citizens . 
  colorado springs now ca n't even afford basic infrastructure maintenance . 
  their incompetence in enacting flood control measures after the last big deluge means taxpayers are very likely to get fema funds next time . 
  that is the average colorado libertarian/republican plan , for the rest of us to bail them out next time they have a flood . 
  `` the blacks got it after dem hurricanes , why not us '', 
  no , the gun issue has to addressed . 
  we ca n't have people openly carrying loaded long guns in densely populated areas , are you nuts ? 
  moda was 30-40 % more for a comparable plan from any other eligible provider from the aca . 
  they catered to people that bought insurance based on shiny ads and did not realize that people would see their price in a list next to other plans . 
  part of the free market is educating the consumers , and in that metric the aca is doing well . 
  at this point let 's just admit their monstrosity in denying healthcare to their fellow american is innate to their ideology , if not their beings . 
  no more fucking compromises . 
  this country needs a progressive turn . 
  in the year of our lord 2015 every american has the absolute right to walk down an urban street with a loaded long gun ? 
  that is simply nuts . 
  no more compromising on guns . 
  ok , mr. not-so-well-regulated militia . 
  good luck with that . 
  maybe pushing you to the sea again will give you some manners . 
  so you are the paranoid that everyone has to be afraid of for you not to be afraid ? 
  i 'm all for the army corp of engineers to get more funding and help everyone out with flood-control infrastructure but comparing colorado 's narrow valleys filled with towns settled on floodplains to 1000 's of miles of coast is neglecting the sheer difference in scale . 
  i would think paying for either trade school or certifications as an alternative to a four-year degree would be a given . 
  a high school diploma is simply not enough and in countries with free college education the cost of higher education decreases as administrative costs can be slashed . 
  it is a piece of paper , it can be changed . 
  larger heat signatures for the drones than the terrorists in syria . 
  someone might need to adjust the algorithm to make sure it does not think it is targeting livestock . 
  once their beer and pop tart supply run out , i think we 'll be fine . 
  so you are a person who has to have a gun in public because you are afraid of other people having guns ? 
  that is paranoid and creepy . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it is a buck and some change . 
  has been since forever . 
  the camera shield should be removable for all cell phones . 
  i 'd like a stereoscopic lens in all my cameras . 
  you are the one we are going to have to take guns away by force ? 
  i hope the drones win . 
  except hot dogs are delicious and are mostly chicken skin . 
  that is the main ingredient which is the tasty magic of mechanically separated chicken . 
  tire swings are for children . 
  it has to be super sturdy tree to have an adult 200 + lb male play on them . 
  even then i would n't go on one . 
  being a bad driver should be criminal . 
  entitlement . 
  just wait till they have to deal with exfoliating women 's nasty feet . 
  `` repeal dodd frank and then put the banking industry under more scrutiny '' - santorum . 
  uh huh . 
  19/hour would n't even get you a single bedroom near berkley . 
  some places need higher min wages than others . 
  berkley is not sf it is east bay . 
  2000 + for single bedrooms . 
  that would be 2/3rds their checks . 
  that is why they are raising the min wage . 
  it is not going to make anything more expensive there , it is going to make sure that businesses are n't being propped up by our tax dollars making up the difference . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  do you like having to pay for social services for people who work 40 hours a week ? 
  where is 30/hour coming from ? 
  i do n't know . 
  19/hour is still under the median wage there . 
  30/hour is over . 
  marijuana is legal now pnw cephalopod friend , you can come down from your tree !, 
  300-400k more are coming in the next 25 years . 
  should we really be building infrastructure based on how some women feel about rape ? 
  did i take crazy pills ? 
  should n't we be addressing the problem of rape in homeless shelters in general ? 
  i am sure male rapes go unreported as well .
