  laws come from states . 
  stateless societies do n't have laws . 
  kurdistan is not stateless , it exists under the aegis of state institutions in all those countries , and it is even forming its own nascent state institutions . 
  why do n't you check out kurdistan 's government at work pages and get back to me on how it is stateless . 
  natural rights have dozens of different legal and philosophical models to choose from . 
  sharia can be codified as a set of natural rights from allah , so i 'm guessing you support sharia law ? 
  there is no objective methodology that produces anything like `` natural rights '' ; ergo , natural rights have as much going for them as the existence of god . 
  if you want to have faith in them , that is fine . 
  i 'd rather look at what pluralism and democracy have accomplished with civil rights over the centuries and put my hat in with them . 
  um , every country has earthquakes . 
  no , earthquakes can happen anywhere , and they can be catastrophic esp in the middle of a tectonic plate like sweden is . 
  i think people need to understand that some natural disasters may be less likely than others , but no place on earth is immune to natural disaster . 
  it is n't about you , it is about the other people on the road with you . 
  um , not every state is fucked . 
  what we need are federal laws about this . 
  cities are about collectivism and long term institutional building , not about individuals and their mcmansions . 
  individuals eventually die , thankfully . 
  if not nyc would still be one-story tall as well . 
  give up and move north . 
  i lived in arizona for 10 years and after banging my head against the wall going to urban planning meetings trying to get a single fucking bike lane added within a mile of my house i just moved to portland , or which has around 400 miles of them . 
  same way nixon created the epa . 
  buttercream , glazed-icing , cream cheese , etc. 
  i do n't understand all this hate for fondant . 
  end consumers identify it as tasting like sugar with the consistency of play-do . 
  for people who want a clean or clever look to their cakes , they are willing to eat it and not complain . 
  rum-soaked raisins in mine . 
  i own two properties outright sonny . 
  unlike you , i can think about someone besides myself . 
  must be nice to feel entitled about everything , must be nice . 
  inherited one , and paid the 15 year loan off on the other one last year . 
  i am guessing you have a 30 year mortgage that you are n't even half way through with ? 
  let me sing a sad song for the suburbanite . 
  harassing someone who is suicidal and expressing a wish for their non-existence is what then ? 
  exactly , the question is n't neuronal , it is cognitive . 
  neurons are not the only way to process information . 
  they look like [ malons ] ( http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/malon ) . 
  `` jumping off a bridge is not rocket science '', 
  did you actually read the article or are you here with an agenda ? 
  do you think bigots are that extrospective about how their ideology is seen by and felt by others ? 
  they are almost universally authoritarian in their outlook , which is defined in part by :, 
  `` as natural as this is , authoritarians see the world more sharply in terms of their, 
  in-groups and their out-groups than most people do . 
  they are so ethnocentric that you, 
  find them making statements such as , `` if you 're not with us , then you 're against us . '', 
  there 's no neutral in the highly ethnocentric mind . 
  this dizzying `` us versus, 
  everyone else '' outlook usually develops from traveling in those `` tight circles '' we, 
  talked about in the last chapter , and whirling round in those circles reinforces the, 
  ethnocentrism as the authoritarian follower uses his friends to validate his opinions . '', 
  so you are here with an agenda of laying the blame solely on her , even though online bullies egged her on ? 
  do you enjoy the thought of harming others or having others harm themselves ? 
  political leaders suddenly on the wrong side of history will panic and say anything to the followers they have been shepherding along the wrong path . 
  republicans have fostered a relationship with a core demographic of their party by blaming social ills on homosexuals . 
  now that they are seen as idiot and bigots by the vast majority of americans , they are circling the wagons . 
  it is the `` separate but equal '' nonsense that they tried during the jim crow era . 
  screw that . 
  it is because when people become wealthy , most choose class interests over social interests . 
  well , you have been equivocating about bullies ' comments that you do n't even know the context for to fit the agenda that somehow none of them were harmful to her or contributed to her suicide . 
  so , what is your agenda ? 
  do you hate transexuals ? 
  i do n't think people understand that something like the dust bowl is likely to happen again , and while we may be over subsidizing some crops . 
  we absolutely have to subsidize a relatively large surplus of crops of one kind or another if we do n't want to lose vast amounts of cropland like we did in the 1920 's . 
  the problem was n't that people could n't grow food all of the sudden , it is that they left fields barren because they could not afford to farm after a few bad years . 
  a few bad years does not usually destroy croplands . 
  leaving them to fallow for a few years can . 
  this left the topsoil exposed to the elements and the flat surfaces of croplands expose the soil to wind and water if nothing is cultivated on them . 
  ah , it comes out , so you are just an angry hateful person . 
  i 'm not the one equivocating for bullies mister , might want to reexamine your life . 
  no you are not . 
  you are dismissing out of hand what is obviously harassment . 
  so again , what is your agenda or are you just a cheap contrarian ? 
  either way , i will not be bothering myself with this discussion anymore . 
  except the first part where they say jumping off a bridge is easy . 
  so what is your agenda or are you too a contrarian ? 
  except when it is selling weapon systems to israel or turkey . 
  a large special there runs 28 dollars last i checked . 
  i upgraded my limit to 25 last year but i am not going any effing higher . 
  yes it absolutely is ; and now i know i am just dealing with another contrarian , so good luck with making yourself feel intelligent with all those edgy comments on reddit . 
  you rebel you !, 
  this nickel ride is going to cost the city more than 5 million i bet . 
  considering his legs were already limp before he was in the van , he very likely had the spinal injury due to a cop pressing on his neck with his knee . 
  libertarians are not friends of the homosexual community , they prove this over and over again . 
  if you do n't think this wo n't go federal civil rights you are insane . 
  did police think that could act with impunity forever without something like this happening ? 
  i do n't care what libertarians individually care about anything . 
  live and let live to me sounds a lot like separate but equal , the mark of how bigots like to talk in public when they do n't want to be called bigots . 
  what i do care about is that libertarians would allow a society with `` no negroes/gays/dogs '' signs allowed again . 
  shamefully entitled manchildren is all they are . 
  i 'm sorry my wanting civil rights for everyone reveals your hypocrisy in wanting property rights first , libertarian . 
  if you let my klingon get a justin bieber hairstyle i will love you forever . 
  christian is what 1000 people who wholly depend upon the surrounding nation state for everything from electricity to security ? 
  [ rojava in kurdistan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rojava#human_rights ) :, 
  `` human rights watch who was permitted to visit in early 2014 , reported `` arbitrary arrests , due process violations , and failed to address unsolved killings and disappearances '' and made recommendations for government improvement . '', 
  i wo n't even get into how horrible the spanish civil war was on all sides . 
  i 've heard the talking point . 
  do you have anything to add to the discussion or do you accept that libertarianism is incoherent on civil rights ? 
  let 's see , i have read nozick , rothbard , and shapiro as well as horowitz of the arizona school -- bleeding heart libertarians , and none can coherently make a libertarian position on social and civil rights being compatible with lockean or even rothbardian natural rights theory . 
  i in fact do understand the political ideology being espoused . 
  however , i am guessing from your contentless snide remark and terrible grammar that you have n't read a single one of those authors . 
  if regurgitating libertarian talking points makes you feel intelligent , go for it .
