  both of which are inarguably super duper popular . 
  then do n't share links if you are an incompetent . 
  no command structure is or can be as robustly polycentric as hydra is in comic books or on television . 
  for some reason when the last four people who held a leadership position died in the exact same manner -- drone strike -- you start getting really shitty candidates . 
  she scammed money from her followers and published her own objectivist philosophy journals . 
  i think they ran out of money , rebooted again in the 1990 's and are still publishing . 
  i have no idea what though . 
  pensioners need their talking points , would you deny your mum and dad the verbiage to know how to vote and feel about the issues of the day ? 
  what we need is less-than-lethal drone infantry . 
  does n't matter . 
  they are running out of commanders with significant operational experience . 
  over half of their leadership from saddam 's baath regime is dead or disabled . 
  those were the pros . 
  now they are working with their b-team . 
  when they start putting 20 year olds in charge -- which is already happening , it will only be a matter of time before they implode . 
  black folks faced outrageous racism after ww ii , but they also started building with supportive governments at the city , county , state , and federal level the political institutions that would lead to the successes of the civil rights movement a generation later . 
  brown v board was in 1954 . 
  are you asserting that there is no difference between popular reviews and critical analysis of media ? 
  i see rick and morty beat mash . 
  i 'd rather they be captured and provide intel . 
  exobiology may not be your gig , but are coral-like species a good guess for multicellular life on the moons of jupiter and saturn ? 
  how much would a coral-like structure protect the beings inside from radiation ? 
  was there any testing done on coral reefs after the atomic tests during the 20th century that would be of help ? 
  says the subliterate . 
  i think my wife and me send about 100 messages a month , total . 
  wow , the difference in how people communicate in the younger generations is just astonishing , even though i 've seen much the same about this paradigmatic shift in communication before it just blows my mind . 
  what do people talk about sending 100-200 messages a day ? 
  they are common in new garage builds in the us but inside the house even in fancy ones , they are relatively rare . 
  i think i 'd freak out and throw my phone into the forest if it beeped more than 10 times a day . 
  but i do n't see her daily . 
  we both travel for weeks and months at a time . 
  i guess a half hour long phone call at the beginning and end of the day , which can be anywhere in the world is our equivalent . 
  that is a misunderstood but common oversimplification of the clintons . 
  they are in it for the prestige and power of the office , which has accoutrements that even money ca n't buy . 
  they might even think they are champions of their own morally compromised -- read : neoliberal -- version of american progressivism . 
  they are frighteningly well connected , and will have no problem with the media , because their friends in the media will be burying embarrassing stories for access . 
  these small towns in red states are terrified of the drug war ending because they get an outsized portion of their budget from it , and there is only a slim chance of the state raising taxes to offset what is coming . 
  namely , the end of the citizens being used as a source of funds by fining the fuck out of them for petty drug crimes . 
  if you think this is crazy , wait till automated vehicles drop speed trap and dui revenue . 
  because of the fucked up nature of the senate representing states instead of demographics , horse trading will always win over consensus building . 
  that is why even when they get progressive legislation through , they do so by adding pork and wholly unrelated pet amendments to the bills . 
  we can look at when states have raised the price floor of labor in the past and you are exactly right . 
  consumer prices are sticky , and paying a livable wage has massive economic benefits beyond merely getting poor folks off government social programs . 
  26k a year after taxes is not that much . 
  i do n't understand why people think it is some crazy high number for rural folks . 
  that is only 2000 a month to play with . 
  we could go back to digging ditches and sweeping the streets by hand , is that you want ? 
  i know of the hydra of greek myth as well . 
  hear , hear . 
  get rid of the lords . 
  we had icq and mirc back in the day ; but i suppose what i do n't understand is what is compelling to pickup a phone 100 times a day for to write shorts bursts of information . 
  i use collab , proj management , and meeting software like ciscos ' webex all day . 
  i guess i think of a phone call as what i do for intimate contact and texting , forums , video calls for business . 
  it is just not as intimate for me though . 
  i reply to 100 's of emails a day still . 
  entering text for me is something i 've associated with a job , not friends or family . 
  i lived through the pager era , i will never be beholden to a device like that again . 
  because plea deals are ridiculously less time in most cases . 
  get charged with 80 years of felonies for crimes and chance spending the rest of your life in prison or do 5 years . 
  what are you going to take ? 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  that is just one , there are literally dozens of drug cases that roll through plea deals like that daily throughout the country . 
  similar themes is keyword here , and i never said the show was n't ground breaking . 
  mash was groundbreaking and arguably had a significantly larger and longer lasting impact , but talk to a millennial about it and their eyes glaze over . 
  i 'm young and think everything my generation grew up watching best ever is n't a valid argument either . 
  there are great shows now and in the past that wire does n't even compare to because it is so much about its grand epic narrative on the struggles of civic institutions in a single city . 
  / r/deadlanguages, 
  at least with sto you can kit out completely in 3 months . 
  took me 5 years with eve . 
  engineering in developing societies the world over is a major profession , you ca n't even build a decent road without decent ces . 
  teaching engineering also has massive international grants to back it up . 
  world bank loves it some engineering colleges . 
  after infrastructure gets built out and the consumer economy hits then other careers become open . 
  pretty easy . 
  most of portland closes down at 10 pm most nights because while they have a craft beer scene , and people like drinking . 
  they do n't like bars that over serve or places that foster blackout drunkenness . 
  people think of portland as this hard drinking town , but it has n't been like that in at least 15 years . 
  now people might drink every day , and they might drink a lot more than average than some places in the country because of that but if you ca n't handle your booze , you are not going to get served in most places in pdx . 
  i think you are a person who ca n't handle their booze . 
  sounds like you are an idiot . 
  30 shots of whiskey is alcohol poisoning . 
  stay in utah please . 
  which is why we need universal college education with higher standards . 
  there are a few progressive prolifers . 
  i got the ships and skills i wanted . 
  plus student loan payments , plus health insurance , plus car loan , plus utilities etc. 
  average one bedroom is going for 1200 a month here , average car insurance is over 200 . 
  bac % = 0.559 for a 200 lb male with 30 shots in 3 hours . 
  you would have had the 3rd highest bac ever measured in oregon . 
  so either you are full of shit or fat , i.e. 
  you weigh 400 lbs . 
  kit out means get everything you want , not everything possible . 
  did n't he turn vegetarian in the 1970 's ? 
  after a colleague of ours almost died of a stroke in his 40 's we considered not hiring smokers out of respect and honestly fear , a lot of us were still smoking back then . 
  we all work mostly from home . 
  he had his stroke sometime over a long weekend , so when he did not answer calls on monday , we sent an intern to check on him . 
  he was on his back porch with the glass door broken and had blood everywhere from that mess . 
  dude is way , way different now . 
  lost a lot of cognitive abilities we all take for granted . 
  ca n't drive , ca n't even feed himself properly .
