  three chicken island extra hot . 
  rodent balls . 
  as long as i can be raped by strange aliens i will be happy . 
  all of those countries have problems with mental illness still , they just do n't have gun nutter massacres . 
  you do n't understand . 
  theirs by default do n't have guns , ours can get them easily . 
  maybe strip search the kids as well . 
  spoken like someone who has never left the us . 
  boots are seasonal . 
  a winter boot is insulated , a summer boot is often with a fabric upper . 
  there is leather , which is sorta inbetween but i find they are uncomfortable in the extremes . 
  what lack of liberty ? 
  it is utterly unsustainable . 
  we are going to run out of tar for roads eventually . 
  the way europeans tried cleaning this up is they had heroin users go to shooting galleries with nurses . 
  it sorta worked . 
  why not have an experiment here ? 
  ] ( http://sciencenordic.com/heroin-clinics-improve-addicts-lives ), 
  it gets heroin users into heroin clinics where the brave souls in social services can have a go at them again . 
  wait , did they ever solve who did it, 
  from the other side i 've heard budtenders call it slinging hash . 
  you need cyborg mantis eyes friend . 
  wow lots of intolerant jerks in this thread . 
  i did n't make an argument , i made an observation . 
  your post is nonsensical but i 'm certain you feel clever for making it . 
  at gateway , mad max times on hold so far . 
  it is a mess of old trolley line tracks . 
  what is up with the owl motif everywhere in retail lately ? 
  the people who make our corn . 
  thank you stranger for confirming my hypothesis . 
  walnut oil , spinach , and blue cheese is the best mac i 've ever had . 
  they do lower pedestrian deaths though . 
  eat some fucking fiber man . 
  man , west coast is kicking the east coast 's ass on legalization . 
  it is the same in engineering . 
  mature students come in with stuff like machinist experience and really fill in the gaps for their peers . 
  problem is that machinist work has n't had a wage increase in about a decade . 
  so you got guys coming in with tons of real world experience who ca n't even afford college after working half of their lives . 
  college should be free . 
  apathy leads to authoritarianism and libertarianism is ostensibly an anti-authoritarian system of government ... that is just basic post wwii political theory from rawls to popper . 
  i do n't know what nozick said about the origins of fascism but no one cares enough if he did say something to cite it anymore . 
  as an engineer who has seen schematics of a hovercraft they have no fucking clue how complex one is . 
  for one , more complex machines will always be less practical to mass manufacture ; and secondly , they will always be more prone to failure . 
  so libertarianism here is advocating we demand expensive boondoggles to replace our existing infrastructure with . 
  western psych accepts it . 
  you want authoritarianism that is how you get authoritarianism . 
  why does a god need to rest ? 
  join the army . 
  barristas there were n't mostly overeducated trust fund kids who were doing time at stumptown before opening their own shop . 
  tooling and fabrication ai n't cheap . 
  the only reason so much crap is cheap because of economies of scale . 
  they will hopefully be the first major medical profession automated . 
  you can get pouches of tuna on amazon . 
  because fuck labor rights because i got mine . 
  if you want a pension join a profession with a union . 
  be prepared to be paid 60 % of your private counterparts while waiting for it . 
  well you have a project today . 
  [ no they do n't . 
  ] ( http://www.epi.org/publication/public_sector_workers_earn_less/ ), 
   last year , epi published a paper by rutgers university professor jeffrey keefe , which supplied overwhelming evidence that public-sector workers , on the whole , earn less than those in the private sector . 
  i work as a civil engineer for a private firm and make 150 % more than anything i 've ever been offered in the public sector . 
  [ overwhelming evidence . 
  ] ( http://www.epi.org/publication/public_sector_workers_earn_less/ ), 
  when i graduated college in 1996 i was offered a public sector job that paid 38k a year , and a private gig doing the same thing for 72k . 
  i do n't know anyone who works in the public sector for money . 
  i 'd like another source please . 
  men have every right to have as much variety in tuxedos as women do for formal evening dresses . 
  you are advocating a traditionalist standpoint , that does n't make you right , all it makes you is a traditionalist . 
  there are other fashion ideologies to consider on the matter of male formalwear . 
  walking around on concrete barefoot is asking to fuck up the arches of your feet . 
  yellow journalism to turn the residents against trimet . 
  i do n't like it . 
  the portland of the 20th century was built by stiffer folks than we . 
  i 'm too delicate for old portland , fuck old portland . 
  i did n't know the backstory so i just made up one where it was the heart of a neutron star to explain it to myself . 
  space weapons be scary . 
  so if we terraform a planet , it should be analyzed as layers of synthetic arrangements of molecules not a proper geology ? 
  how long do we have to wait for the planet to be considered natural again ? 
  so you do n't believe in alien life, 
  do you understand what a carpet is ? 
  aids are awesome . 
  no , i still have an imagination into my 40 's . 
  do n't you, 
  being an addict is n't a choice . 
  i wish the police could just shoot them . 
  no it is not , and i as a taxpayer do n't want to pay that inevitable lawsuit . 
  [ 2011 crescent city . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ltlkvzynxq ), 
  if you live near the ocean on the west coast , you should always know where higher ground is . 
  carrying a loaded gun onto school campuses immediately after a school shooting is reckless enough to warrant lethal force imho . 
  let their inbred gun nutter families see if they can sue for damages . 
  do you understand what an addict is ? 
  i think killing armed provocateurs is a fair and well-reasoned solution . 
  they are not exercising their rights , they are violating other people 's . 
  there is no such thing . 
  all leather thin enough to be made into a wallet will wear out in about that time frame . 
  they were n't educated , but they were more likely to be intelligent than the people staying behind for famines and wars . 
  israel 's domestic military expenditures is astonishing for a country of its size . 
  we need the funds to go after these interesting questions and projects . 
  those funds simply have n't kept up with the amount of engineers and scientists coming out with big ideas .
