  most of the industrial jobs are in wilsonville , tualatin , and gresham . 
  that is mostly a tech hub , not an industrial area . 
  gresham still has two bedrooms under 800 . 
  car thefts are higher in the downtown corridor . 
  wages match cost of living in portland and seattle . 
  you forget that they have the highest min wages in the country . 
  most crybabies are in the social sciences . 
  that sounds like a technical writer 's job . 
  why would an engineer be required to take on the responsibility for a job that can be done by someone with an associate 's degree ? 
  if he is going into engineering sales , um , that like all salesmanship ca n't be taught in a college environment . 
  have you lived there for a long time ? 
  house prices were 30 % less just 5 years ago . 
  there [ are still condos under 200k ] ( http://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/seattle-wa/pmf,pf_pt/16037_rid/50000-200000_price/185-742_mp/47.768637,-122.02446,47.46129,-122.647248_rect/10_zm/ ) within 30 minutes of downtown . 
  that is less than half of what rent would be there . 
  yeah , the starter home market here in portland is pretty sparse here until you get to around 250k but that is still reasonable compared to some places in the country . 
  i thought he was communicating with the public ? 
  you are talking about comments on engineering specifications for projects . 
  that does n't require a lick of humanities . 
  writing is n't an exclusive purview of the humanities . 
  it is taught concurrently within stem classes at all levels . 
  engineering classes require technical writing from the get go . 
  every lab i had in college required writing . 
  if you did not have a research paper or five in astronomy you were n't taking a high enough level class . 
  i am just going to ignore your bigoted rants now . 
   technical writing is not real writing . 
  longpig is the ultimate hipster food . 
  if this is the best you got , you should go read a book . 
  i do n't know where you live but the west coast has tons of japanese-owned restaurants . 
  however , as a former pastry chef i 've heard some horror stories working for 1st and 2nd gen japanese . 
  i saw some mate at one of these places do a turtle shape at a place near half moon bay in california . 
  he made an oblong patch of greens , mushrooms , and meat and then made an outline with two eggs . 
  it tasted ok . 
  i am just saying you would have more cachet with folks if you came in at a more oblique angle . 
  have fun . 
  it sure as fuck does because low tax gop states need federal grants to operate those programs . 
  endemic poverty , which is more often than not the root cause of this sort of behavior is a two or three generation problem . 
  we just need to get at them earlier with better choices than they have now , and hope in 40-50 years they chill out . 
  it is different . 
  west coast has tons more asian folks than anywhere else [ in the states ] ( http://www.censusscope.org/us/map_nhasian.html ) . 
  are you prepared to eat lentil burgers, 
  mine tasted like gristle and marionberries . 
  yet , coddling them a bit might be the answer . 
  if black youth got the same sentencing as white youth , that would go a long , long way in helping familial , academic , work etceteras stuff get sorted if they were caught by the long arm of the law so to speak . 
  it is not a subissue to the races being affected . 
  that is why i said `` a bit '' . 
  having black kids who get caught dealing drugs in a high school doing 2-3x the time of white kids -- if they do n't get off on probation -- takes a major chunk out of a life . 
  this is n't about equality of opportunity , it is about equality of outcome . 
  when employers here in the uber-tolerant pacific nw are still discriminating against a whole host of different minorities we have to accept that we are going to need a government-mandated solution . 
  they tried quotas in the 20th century which mostly failed , do you have a better idea ? 
  i am a ditch-digging socialist . 
  i think benefits by able-bodied folk should be earned . 
  maybe bring back work programs , clear out areas of brush for forest fires , build new roads/bridges/dams , etceteras . 
  fuck the peasants . 
  citation ? 
  naw , fuck that . 
  some folks vernacular slides into the profane . 
  a judge should n't be allowed to throw people in the slammer for choices in diction that is not meant to be offensive . 
  this is a multi-generational socioeconomic problem , not just a look-out-the-window economic one . 
  we have to admit the generations before us fucked this shit up , and we are going to have to give a little more than we get with these folks if we want to have their progeny assimilate with us . 
  dude , are you some sort of economic libertarian, 
  read these two mates for the 20th century showdown between political pluralism and libertarianism . 
  john rawls and robert nozick . 
  it is just smellz . 
  about 20 % of nations have cited rawls in their making of a constitution , none have cited nozick . 
  so you do n't believe in political pluralism ? 
  there are so many herbs , roots , saps , and barks to play with . 
  [ cassia is cheap to play with . 
  yeah but you have to deal with sunshine . 
  i like the pacific nw , 200 + days of cloudy drizzly gloominess . 
  it was one of the juiciest targets for hackers the moment it launched . 
  fun fact , the usa is one of the only nations in the world without a national dmv system . 
  thanks for reminding me to put a freezer butterfinger in my lunchkit for tonight . 
  just integrate this with a geothermal heater system . 
  send me your delicious drums of pickled herring !, 
  rawls is foundationally about the methodology by which an open society uses political pluralism to arrive at consensus on the issues of the day . 
  nozick rejects this in favor of natural rights that prevent the state from acting in certain ways , which if argued coherently means you end up with a sort of society where even public roads would not exist . 
  anarchy is incompatible with democracy . 
  all the variants assume they know the nature of the perfect human society encapsulated into a single political will . 
  so who gets to choose what is private or public , you ? 
  because there are libertarians out there who do n't believe in anything public at all . 
  that is why basing a society on `` natural rights '' prevents political pluralism . 
  the people no longer can choose how they deal with the issues of the day because one of the half dozen lists of natural rights out there prevents them from doing so . 
  so how do you determine what is public or private without becoming totalitarian ? 
  should schooling be public ? 
  what about a national weather service ? 
  can a modern nation operate without a standards and measures agency ? 
  libertarianism does n't have coherent answers for any of that . 
  the last administration removed the office of the ombudsman to prevent the students from having an intermediary to deal with the administration . 
  so now the administration simply ignores the student body . 
  i really wish their mobile app had a method by which it could anonymously track transit users so we could look at the data and petition for changes based on solid evidence . 
  they should just make those streets pedestrian only imho . 
  we do n't need anymore fucking cars downtown . 
  yep , it is literally a fully detached administration from the student body who they now treat as customers instead of students . 
  the actual cost per student for the university is lower now than 10 years ago , about 40 % of the faculty is adjunct professors making 12-14 bucks an hour . 
  zero savings have been passed on , but admins keep getting paid more . 
  so again , you do not believe in rawlsian political pluralism , you wish to dictate what is private and public . 
  if your ideas ca n't survive the test of democracy , are you going to force them upon people ? 
  it is all fun and grand to think of one 's self as a philosopher king to an imaginary society , but to transcribe that to reality would require you to do things like kill me and everyone else who does not want to live in your libertarian society . 
  so , are you prepared to kill 100 's of millions of people ? 
  so if you believe you can `` illustrate the concept '' people do n't get to vote on it , got it .
