  no miss , they do n't . 
  also remember to wear galoshes on the max . 
  more insulation . 
  my 2014 model cut my energy bill by 20 % . 
  raised planters . 
  ours are planted and stacked in the garage . 
  my parents moved from klamath falls to beaverton in 1989 in the middle of winter with me and my sisters in the back of a peugeot 505 station wagon filled to the gills . 
  that little 4 cylinder was red lining up the cascades , and we almost died when we hit a rock in a snowbank but it was a helluva trip . 
  it sounds like you are less a feminist and more of a sexist . 
  i wish you luck on figuring out how to interact with half of the human population one day . 
  i would assume grants for more security at homeless shelters would go a long way . 
  are men being raped at these shelters as well ? 
  why are women being singled out for a place without violence and rape ? 
  it seems that you are implying that males are just disposed to being rapists . 
  you are talking in bold linking to a study that uses a discredited 1997 self-reported study on rape . 
  [ let 's look at the 2014 study . 
  38 % of rapes are against men . 
  i am done here . 
  make sure you buy the planters that have a separate snap-in reservoir . 
  the newer cheaper ones molded in a single piece wo n't last a single freeze , the bottom will crack or warp . 
  send your personal drone . 
  write grants for it . 
  most of our population in in liberal cities on the west coast and ne . 
  if the electoral college was dissolved the president would never represent the red states again . 
  it is fucking huge problem and should be removed . 
  rothbard said that parents were n't responsible for their children and should be able to sell them on the free market . 
  that is your hero, 
  some of us operate on fear and some of operate on hope . 
  i 'm not sure either should be done full bore . 
  nothing like economic boom and bust cycles to steer 340 million americans into the globalized 21st century !, 
  fuck these authoritarians want to roll back everything except voting rights for women . 
  living wage in san francisco is ~ 25/hour for a single bedroom . 
  when did businesses get the right to not fail unless they are subsidized by taxpayers ? 
  seattle had too many restaurants that only existed because of cheap labor . 
  why should taxpayers be forced to subsidize their workers ? 
  dude supported chattel child slavery , yeah fuck that dude . 
  if you include institutional rape , males come out ahead in some states . 
  states are arbitrary geographic blobs and should not be the foundation upon which we rest our democracy . 
  most rich people are insulated from the reality of social inequality , this is hardly shocking . 
  that is the reason we must not allow rich people to dictate economic policy . 
  they do n't live in the reality of the policies they are enacting . 
  many have never struggled economically even once in their lives . 
  nah , anyone that high up the food chain is at least in part a true believer in free market nonsense of one sort or another . 
  either they believe that it is some sort of panacea for every social ill or they believe in something like class warfare survival of the fittest . 
  i miss about 20 % of it . 
  the winters there could be delightfully long . 
  they can have a voice , just not a disproportionate one . 
  i camped with a geotechnical engineer and crew one summer in alaska and we took his jeep over something like this . 
  no guard rails . 
  fuck that . 
  let me guess , you grow my corn ? 
  we need to field more serious blue dog democrats in the south . 
  i 'd rather deal with a progressive pro-lifer who believes in sex education and free contraception than what is being elected today down there . 
  it is not . 
  it is as efficient as having 50 state dmvs , some of which are the sole place to get id for voting in their states . 
  healthcare is a human right and should be treated as such , all americans deserve access to healthcare . 
  grease the gears with the poor . 
  with a gallon of industrial whiskey that would be a fine meal . 
  wo n't someone think of the deep frying machines ? 
  castle doctrine does n't apply here . 
  get them the fuck out of the religious schools , for one . 
  we even have food carts that sell them stateside . 
  now if i could just find a currywurst cart i would never need to go to europe again . 
  mush them into a ball and eat them all at once . 
  only way to eat little debbies . 
  first step to building tactical nukes is calc i. i do n't think most of the people who want to use them indiscriminately can pass that class . 
  * the * donald . 
  getting us ahead in renewable energy would help our economy differentiate itself away from the petrodollar . 
  20 bucks that you have 10,000 x more south american drug dealers coming through than isis . 
  children have rights wtf are you talking about ? 
  both , and as you said it is a patchwork of untested laws and treaty obligations . 
  the usa , somalia and eritrea ( sp ? ), 
  are the only nations in the world not the sign the un 's children 's rights treaty . 
  republicans think the right to spanking a child and sending an under 18 to life without parole is vital to our nation 's sovereignty . 
  none . 
  building out a data center is no small task . 
  requires 100 's of private contractors . 
  dude is fucking mental . 
  i 've seriously heard similar stories about this dude from folk . 
  put him in a straightjacket imho . 
  can we dunk him repeatedly in the willamette as an is-warlockian rubric ? 
  lots more people involved than just system/network admins and hvac people . 
  there is a fuckload more to a datacenter than just the physical install/maint . 
  you are talking about project managers , quants , end users , etc. 
  the techworld 's blogs had eyes and ears on nsa 's utah datacenter within weeks . 
  it is not the people building out the datacenter that are the majority of people who will know of it . 
  these people are just physical laborers with keyboard access . 
  who cares about them ? 
  we knew of physical fucking locations . 
  yeah , sure chief , it is that easy . 
  hal is n't evil . 
  each one imagines himself capable of writing a constitution for the human race . 
  they imagine themselves greater than any statesman who has ever lived combined . 
  delusional fucking manchildren . 
  isis has united the world against it , give it to them . 
  imagine a society where women have absolutely no power . 
  / r/worldnews needs to start banning these bigotbros . 
  why ca n't i ask an ai to make this for me ? 
  creative industries . 
  it is a fucking scam .
