  we should have a middle ground . 
  like being able to link to a page with personal info if it is our own . 
  you can also make a [ kotatsu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kotatsu ) for less than 100 bucks . 
  great japanese invention , it is a table with a small space heater in the middle of it and a fire-resistant blanket where you can snuggle up to it . 
  we made one a few years ago with four mica heaters for our cabin . 
  do not make your own with fan/coil heaters unless you are an engineer . 
  just have a vetting process like / r/iama , you guys are paid to do this , right lol . 
  obama is obviously a crypto-muslim and anyone who does n't believe that is a socialist . 
  maybe we need to start talking about pedestrian-only sections of downtown , we are getting big enough . 
  cars can park , people need to walk . 
  kith !, 
  they are so awesome though . 
  i feel like a jedi master when i use it up at the cabin . 
  we need to beat down these business owners if needs be , open car-free spaces need to be fought for . 
  i just want to be immortal , i play every game like this . 
  the institute gave me the best option for this ; so i started killing everyone who was aboveground . 
  draw on his penis with markers that glow in uv light . 
  i gots a plan . 
  nah , let 's be the better humans . 
  libertarian manchild telling others to grow up ... 
  meh , so ? 
  freedom of political speech is more important than having some people who are perpetually outaged/hurt/crybabies at anything that does not align with their own agendas . 
  fuck those people . 
  anything that was formally military needs top to down inspections for this kind of shit . 
  there are stealth anti-ship missiles in development but none deployed . 
  still , russian command and control is n't remotely on par with nato 's aegis system . 
  if turkey wants to throw its stockpile of harpoon anti-ship missiles at russian ships , they have enough of them to sink them . 
  that is about how many t-90 's russia has . 
  95 % of russia 's tanks are pre-1990 designs . 
  israel has been bombing damascus , that is going to stop now . 
  hell , with the range they could setup a no-fly zone over the golan heights . 
  nato has had a string of land and sea based aa in the region for decades . 
  t-90 is from 1993 ... 
  its entire drivetrain was re-engineered . 
  israel has nothing that can take out a s-400 installation . 
  they would have to have a stealth cruise missile or a b-2 bomber , both of which only the americans currently have . 
  putin is not going to stop assad from defending damascus from israeli aggression . 
  so that means israel is stuck dealing with whatever happens . 
  they have been taken off the board . 
  israel has no stealth attack platform besides a few spec ops helicopters . 
  not even the [ f-35 can go up against a modern aa installation ] ( http://breakingdefense.com/2014/04/f-35s-stealth-ew-not-enough-so-jsf-and-navy-need-growlers-boeing-says-50-100-more/ ) without massive electronic warfare from ew f-18 growlers . 
  israel does n't get f-35 's until late 2016 . 
  the f-35 was designed before they could engineer a combat aircraft without a tail , which is exactly what the russian radar installs are so good at finding . 
  it has a smaller cross section in vhf than a f-16 but not enough to matter without serious ew accompanying . 
  unless israel has a stealth cruise missile they have been hiding , they are on the sidelines now . 
  unless you have access to classified information no one knows how many targets can be tracked and fired upon with a fully-deployed american carrier battle group , i 'm going to go with they have solved this problem long ago . 
  20 years ago during the first iraq war a ticonderoga-class frigate was in control of 25 ships and dozens of aircraft at once . 
  ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/israel-strikes-syria-report-article-1.2037226 ), 
  you made the claim chief . 
  yeah wtf . 
  use meetup sometime , great way to meet like-minded folks irl . 
  greek and turkish warplanes play with each other over the disputed airspace over the aegean sea . 
  everyone except turkey is at the table on where the lines should be drawn . 
  turkey is a stubborn ally . 
  mids let you enjoy the high . 
  anything over 20 % makes me zone out . 
  i 'd visit . 
  is he a fucking sith lord, 
  i want to see 50 redditors join the legion and youtube it live . 
  mix those motherfuckers together and set them out at a party . 
  all people who keep cats have house that smell like piss . 
  find a place that has been in business a long time . 
  you do n't want a kid who is learning on the job . 
  banana is not a food . 
  make sure you have that power before you try to move through solid matter . 
  look for something with a heavy duty zipper first and foremost . 
  nothing plastic . 
  lubrication is solved . 
  it is called a [ superconducting gear assembly ] ( http://www.google.com/patents/us5071831 ) . 
  you could build stuff that does billions of rpms . 
  i ate three servings of a marijuana-infused cheesecake after my wife went to bed . 
  i might need that place too . 
  s-400 is takeable with a high altitude b-2 , that is about it . 
  i think i 'm preggers now . 
  vhf is unreliable against the b-2 even with bomb bay doors open . 
  s-400 is n't magic . 
  battlefield 2142 had better gameplay mechanics like what 10 years ago ? 
  ea and other publishers who have corporate policies against modding . 
  if i ca n't mod the game , i do n't own the game . 
  maybe the voting age needs to be lowered as well . 
  we need more drones . 
  nah , wealth like that is sticky . 
  it does n't tend to move like that . 
  we need land drones . 
  drop robot tanks on the fuckers . 
  i have 87 tabs open at the moment . 
  each window with its own tab set for email/work , social media pleasure , reddit , stuff i 'm hacking ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) etc. 
  some of those windows have been open for years . 
  with 32 gigs of ram why would i close a tab i use often or have not finished reading ? 
  http://pdxpipeline.com/ if you want to find cool local things happening . 
  someone was murdered by a cop dude . 
  you are n't an island mate . 
  an open society requires the tolerance of dissent against the status quo ; that can mean a lot of things . 
  disrupting traffic for a few hours might be one of them . 
  a few hours ai n't a year mate . 
  he existed before the rank cynicism against public television took hold in certain segments of american society . 
  public television is a shared american resource and should be as revered as our national parks . 
  trick is to remove all social safety nets . 
  cheap child sex slaves !, 
  they are lying .
