  there are 10 's of millions of jobs that qualify for h1-b . 
  i walk and bike to dates . 
  i do n't know anyone who drives a car because then you have to drive home drunk . 
  h1-b 's are paid on average 10-20 % more because they are typically more educated . 
  it is a myth about them being paid less . 
  that might have been true in the 1990 's , i do n't know . 
  the problem is an actual skilled labor shortage , especially of software devs and engineers educated above a bachelor 's degree . 
  can you tag and release a texan so we can track its movements ? 
  your subliterate opinion has been noted and laughed at . 
  we have almost 200 million workers , they ca n't all be skilled . 
  heinous amounts of wasted money ? 
  please . 
  unless you are talking about sports or the occasional tablet/laptop boondoggle public schools themselves are almost universally under budgeted . 
  now if you want to talk about the administration for the public school systems , that we can talk about . 
  because 90 % of the endgame content is n't even balanced towards level 60 , it is scaled from 50 . 
  we do n't really need t6 or xiv equipment , but it is there . 
  yep , my sister had one about 10 years ago and it had the same sort of temperamental problems . 
  one day the neighbor 's kids were playing loudly in their pool and the pit bull went ballistic and burst through the fence to get at them . 
  trapped the kids in the pool and their mother in the house . 
  my brother-in-law went over to get the dog and he had to attack it with a rake and dropped heavy rocks on its head till it was bleeding all over everything . 
  it kept coming after him until it passed out . 
  they had it put down that night . 
  comparing feminism to hitler is the most dumb thing i 've read on reddit all day . 
  every person who , under color of any statute , ordinance , regulation , custom , or usage , of any state or territory or the district of columbia , subjects , or causes to be subjected , any citizen of the united states or other person within the jurisdiction thereof to the deprivation of any rights , privileges , or immunities secured by the constitution and laws , shall be liable to the party injured in an action at law , suit in equity , or other proper proceeding for redress , except that in any action brought against a judicial officer for an act or omission taken in such officer 's judicial capacity , injunctive relief shall not be granted unless a declaratory decree was violated or declaratory relief was unavailable . 
  for the purposes of this section , any act of congress applicable exclusively to the district of columbia shall be considered to be a statute of the district of columbia . 
  never happens unless people push really hard because it means every single case he worked on gets thrown , and the cost to the city/county can be 10 's of millions in lawsuits . 
  the da is being ordered not to charge him imho . 
  large retirement community and rich suburbs . 
  yeah we had a police sgt who had two duis before he got a felony one and was fired . 
  a year later he crashed into a house in the middle of the night . 
  judge gave him i think 30 days in jail . 
  altruism is partially genetic . 
  southern germany can be . 
  that would seem to be the prevailing hypothesis but no studies have been done yet ; however , look at countries with highly repressed sexual mores and i 'm 90 % certain that rape and child abuse is more prevalent . 
  trails are not sidewalks , you can die . 
  we have 10-12 rescues a year and a few deaths on the trails around mt. 
  hood . 
  that is not even climbing the damn thing . 
  one guy had a branch fall on him and broke his neck . 
  i like it , it should be bright enough to singe the retinas of your enemies and it also should be able to synchronize its lights to the jams in your iphone 87q . 
  first of all , libertarianism is n't even remotely possible . 
  secondly , the koch brothers are n't libertarian . 
  it is hopeless , most suburbs are now being filled out with poor people fleeing the cities high rent and cost of living . 
  portland , or went from 500 a month for a single bedroom rent to 1000 in less than 5 years . 
  seattle is well over a 1000 . 
  san francisco is 3000 . 
  even towns like boise are seeing 10-20 % increases in rent per year . 
  this pushes the poor to the suburbs , many of which do n't have decent public transit or even shopping . 
  it is too expensive to maintain a chain grocery store every square mile when the population has gone from middle class buying 200 dollars a week in food to people on food stamps spending a fraction of that . 
  my local safeway in the burbs here closed down . 
  it had been open as one chain or another for 40 years . 
  it was replaced with a year round halloween store that i think is a front for something shady . 
  i can hear him making a sucking sound . 
  not everyone in the country works at new seasons . 
  lol , what ? 
  if you want to live like in medieval europe go join isis . 
  he denied his son psych meds until it was too late . 
  who cares what an ancap thinks about anything ? 
  saying the word statist does . 
  show me a single other political philosophy besides anacapism that uses the nomenclature statism to define federal government chief . 
  i read that as furless . 
  because many americans have faith in the free market in the same exact way they have faith in jesus . 
  that 's the problem , we are not dealing with rational people on the other side of this debate , there is nothing you can say or show them that will change their mind . 
  major newspapers have done the same thing with it services which replaced the large mailrooms of yore . 
  10 years ago you could start out in it at a small metro newspaper and end up writing tech columns when they needed you to . 
  contractors ca n't do that . 
  so we have companies using contractors because they cost 10 % less to the company , but are paid 30 % less , and in the end the the contract agency takes the 20 % difference as profit . 
  so libertarians in it , realize this affects your industry as well . 
  horizontal career moves are almost impossible in a contract environment . 
  this report is about countries borrowing from the world bank , of course privatized ngos are going to be more efficient than inept and or outright kleptocratic regimes . 
  government services in most modern post-industrial nations are extremely efficient . 
  medicare costs 60-70 % of what the average private health insurance plan does . 
  that 30-40 % is being divided up between hospital administrations , overpaid specialists , and insurance company executives . 
  i have not had a problem with any food in a long time . 
  why the expletive are people who are handling food for public consumption not mandated by law to have health insurance paid for by their employer ? 
  i am regretting them exchanging / r/news for / r/politics as a default now . 
  snark is a lot better than foam-at-mouth racism . 
  yeah , i think i like the idea of people handling my food having health insurance . 
  this is 2015 , not 1815 . 
  do you have a point or are you just blathering ? 
  i am not here to answer your open-ended questions about libertarianism . 
  you are derailing the discussion for your own agenda , either make a point or find another thread . 
  you do n't have a right to a 99 cent cheeseburger , people do have a right to healthcare . 
  lambaste the businesses that fight against their employees ' rights with bad publicity until we can get better healthcare mandates . 
  not really . 
  i do n't have the numbers but most fighters do about 70 % of the dmg to shields , and they also can dmg hull . 
  something the drones ca n't do . 
  they would be in the usa as well but the us has much more lax contracting laws than europe . 
  this is the result mainly of many , if not most right to work states crippling collective bargaining via at will employment legislation and preventing unions from collecting dues . 
  we have gone from having the largest middle class by percentage in the world , to one of the fastest shrinking ones . 
  do other games work ? 
  do you have more than one toon ? 
  yeah that usually resets this problem for me . 
  18 dollars an hour or so depending on the study , if we divided the economic pie at the same level as the peak of our middle class in the early 1970 's it would be around mid 20 's with a median wage heading towards 30 . 
  that is where australia is heading , they have much lower rates of social inequality . 
  the problem is that since the late 1980 's the top 10 % have captured about 80 % of the gains in wages . 
  so everyone making under around 75k a year has had their wage barely match inflation . 
  for people making under 10 dollars an hour , they are n't even doing that . 
  if you like camping , hiking , and the outdoors it is nice . 
  besides that , the downtown is like any other 10k person downtown .
