  probably . 
  gdp per c and a low gini c is where its at . 
  it goes both ways though . 
  with artificial wombs coming online we may see an end to abortion altogether if the fetus can be xfered to one . 
  that is something many pro-choice folks do n't like to talk about . 
  i 'm pro-choice but only because the technology is n't there yet . 
  spoken like someone who physically abuses their children . 
  next thing he 'll be trying to use guns to force people not to drive high or drunk . 
  population will continue to rise to 10-11 billion over the next 50 years even with just average urban density , if we shoot higher we can get 3-4x with technology around today . 
  the phillip glass of klingons . 
  do it the russian way , nail razor blades underneath the bottom of windows . 
  robber tried to grab underneath for leverage to get in and loses a few fingers . 
  these ancaps do n't get it . 
  they ai n't going to be the masters . 
  in the jim crow era they used to round up all the homeless people , white and black and ship them to prison plantations that had a 1/3rd mortality rate , 10x higher than slavery . 
  kerbel time travel tree . 
  i really do n't know ; but the ethical implications of artificial wombs are n't just going to go away . 
  not with a car centric american lifestyle in the suburbs . 
  most data centers are dirt fucking cheap compared to the heydeys of the early 2000 's . 
  i can buy a rack for less than 200 a month now . 
  who gives a fuck about density ? 
  i have a 160 gigs but i had to use a custom rom to recognize the sd card . 
  what pisses me off is that most new phones do n't allow sd cards . 
  for media they are perfectly fine . 
  42u 8amp oregon . 
  it is not just a republican problem is what i 'm getting at . 
  when artificial wombs come out it is going to change the dynamic on both sides of the issue , and like climate denial it is not going to do anything to ignore it . 
  maybe we are just like kerbals ourselves . 
  lol , if you are only using them for media it makes almost no difference in speed . 
  what is awesome is being able to backup an sd card using a separate sd card reader . 
  what we need is something better than an sd card , not more internal storage . 
  i honestly do n't caree about gramatical or speeling errorrs online . 
  because young rich kids who move to new places are rarely aware of the common prices for things locally . 
  so if mommy and daddy drop them in nyc with a fat 6 digit bank account to go to college on , they fuck up shit for everyone else . 
  there is no reason to drive 10-20 % faster in a city with as many stop lights as portland . 
  you might get there 5 % faster , maybe . 
  drive slow on surface streets folks , there is no reason not to . 
  highways are a different story . 
  autonomous vehicles would be nice as well . 
  go to [ mexican groceries once a month ] ( http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=mexican+shops&amp;find_loc=new+york%2c+ny#find_desc=mexican+grocery+stores ) , they should be around half of that price . 
  that sort of selection starts getting scarce around the central valley area in california going up the coast . 
  i have to go to two or three grocers in portland , or when i am making something like korean-fusion food . 
  i think they removed the sodium bisulfite . 
  from what i understand the us can pretty much deploy around 100k fully equipped troops a week anywhere in the world . 
  that is mind-boggling . 
  got hit as a pedestrian in beaverton once , called 911 and they did n't even prosecute . 
  march to the ~ ~ sea ~ ~ brisket . 
  obviously this is just a prelude to invasion from the federal government . 
  obama with the lizard people probably caused the tornadoes in the first place using haarp . 
  lol , the vast majority of humanity likes the idea of public roads/sidewalks . 
  if you want to live in a libertarian hellscape then go leave for one . 
  one skater/surfer nerd , neat . 
  you do n't get to dictate what taxes are spent on . 
  sorry schlub , you are n't dictator-for-life . 
  no one cares what you think about taxes . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  they are testing an autonomous 18 wheeler across nevada for the next 3 months right now . 
  you ca n't just throw away 70 years of asphalt . 
  i have [ this one ] ( http://amzn.to/1jbbshh ) , it is really easy to clean too . 
  i always get flour and crap all over mine . 
  genetic engineering is a heresy , you will be sent to the peta camps . 
  she is a cold war relic who never should have been given a single moment of film time . 
  yet , it is way , way too late to give her a captain american-like backstory . 
  they have speculated that this is the case for years . 
  long term the diets of people today are going to epigenetically influence their ancestors for generations . 
  goat shit is not pleasant in the slightest . 
  / r/osha, 
  i guess just replace baby in this song with the n-word . 
  double wink . 
  not on verizon . 
  verizon removes all sd card slots they can . 
  ca n't do much in the usa about your civil rights till you are 18 . 
  it is too late though . 
  the marvel movie universe is in the 1st stage of the thanos infinity gems plotline . 
  going back to the wwii/cold war backstory of black widow would n't make sense now . 
  imho , both captain america and black widow/iron man would have made excellent tv shows in a run up to the avengers . 
  instead we got agents of shield which is now coexisting in the current time frame of the movie universe . 
  i am pretty damn sure their fragile consumer-based economy does . 
  you ca n't have a modern nation state just selling resources forever with embargoes stacking up . 
  that is how you get places like venezuela which is rationing toilet paper and soap . 
  yes , they should all be euthanized , and if the owner has a problem with it , he should be euthanized as well . 
  welcome to / r/news . 
  are you advocating that children murder their bullies ? 
  wtf ? 
  there is nothing more to be said really . 
  i like when they slurp on a 128 oz cup of soda while breathing heavily , bonus if they are chewing tobacco as well . 
  [ first sign put up in a store in ancapistan . 
  this is some sort of fecal ouroboros ; something like : infinity manchild , infinity cups . 
  too much effing melodrama for me . 
  there are like entire storyarcs where 90 % of the time it is about betrayal and getting people 's feelings hurt instead of aliens , super powers , and blowing crap up . 
  if `` nickle rides '' are as widespread in baltimore as believed , a lot more officers should be charged in a federal crackdown of this practice , imho . 
  oh , yeah , you are right . 
  it is just too late to give a backstory movie to any of the avengers now . 
  hopefully after this plays out we will see more stuff like guardians of the galaxy . 
  honestly , i do n't like the fact that x-men and avengers and spiderman have all been set off in their own little universes in the first place . 
  i am actually hoping they will reboot this franchise in 20 years and set that right at least . 
  when that stuff first came out we bought three bags and mixed them together for a party . 
  we lost some friends after that . 
  your new host of top gear !, 
  ampersand used to be a letter in the alphabet .
