no we did n't . 
  do n't listen to the propaganda . 
  we won the war . 
  all of it . 
  all of them . 
  and you did not insult me , you are getting better at it . 
  yes that 's very often an english person problem . 
  and from what he said his girlfriend is french . 
  i think his in laws have a lot of great reasons to make fun of him . 
  they are the ones trying to force everyone to speak their language , and they accuse us to be imperialist about our language ... you know we have a dicton in france that says that a way to recognise cunts it that they dare to do/say anything . 
  and now you sound like a rancid old teacher . 
  wow you sound more arrogant than any french i 've ever met . 
  it is just the basis of every human communities , but apparently all the scientific papers about it must have been in french , as op is not aware of them . 
  french is not a `` traditional '' culture , it is our modern culture . 
  we do n't need reassurance , we just want to do our thing as we like it to be . 
  there is but they are under fire frome everywhere from conservatives to far left progressists . 
  it is not an easy place to be . 
  femens are recieving death threats constantly . 
  there was already an extremist man who stabbed people where they used to live trying to find them . 
  do you think it 's selfish to care more about your family than people you do n't know ? 
  it has not entirely invaded french feminism yet . 
  there are more and more group saying traditional groups are islamophobic and transphobic , but they are not the majority yet . 
  the biggest movements are probably today osez le f\u00e9minisme and femen , and they are both more traditionaly feminists . 
  but when i see that in england 3rd waves feminists are protesting and shutting down 2nd waves feminists speach it 's just awfull . 
  they are not anymore at least not femen france . 
  because they are accused of being `` white feminists '' and everybody shits on them . 
  the tumblr feminism view of the world is only effective on tumblr . 
  this kind of feminism , the femen one is a continuation of the second wave ideologicaly . 
  not-tumblr-feminists are constantly under attack , by misogynists and by 3rd wave feminists . 
  they say they are racists and are hurting sex workers etc. 
  yes , it 's really awfull how the third vague is mostly defending sexists things , just calling them `` freedoms '' . 
  they will call this `` the cultural respectfull freedom of muslims women to be bitten by their husbands . '', 
  they already stated their goal was to bring attention to problems . 
  to speak when nobody does or dare anymore . 
  so they succeeded . 
  i guess you mostly see northern europeans and english people here , we have a really different view on the world . 
  more left leaning , especially economically . 
  i often am under the impression of hearing ultra liberal propaganda that you have assimilated as what you call reality and pragmatism . 
  and also all the french bashing , this is just not funny . 
  just the same three jokes again and again . 
  maybe if a more left leaning r/europe was created there would be more french and some nations would be less present . 
  and let 's not lie to ourselves most of reddit is like that . 
  a group of people all thinking the same thing downvoting everyone who has different views . 
  it does not really promote diversity . 
  whabbi mosque or brothel , i see that each times women win . 
  yes but do n't tell that to english people they will make a tantrum . 
  they were conquered by vikings directly form valhalla . 
  they can also remember that none of those true viking-forever conqueror had french as first language . 
  they just happened to speak a secret viking language that sounded like french . 
  yes the neo liberal propaganda on house budget vs state budget is one of the best ever . 
  state and home economy work very diferently but somehow this false equivalence allows people to have the impression to understand things . 
  your blind hate makes you say the more absurd things , you should also say that southern england is more sunny than southern france while you are at it . 
  yes they do the same with our culture . 
  every 2 weeks they say it 's dead . 
  it 's like their little treat for compensating all the social rights they lost during the thatcher reagan era . 
  thank you , you made me discover vieira da silva this is so beautifull . 
  you think socialists electors support merkel economical pov ? 
  really ? 
  the majority of socialists think hollande is too much liberal , so i ca n't even imagine what they think about merkel far deeper liberalism . 
  and there is a difference between blaming germany and having a different economic pov . 
  i also think this is a bad system . 
  for me the eurozone is too much right leaning . 
  i 'm against austerity and neoliberalism . 
  i think a kind of european keynesianism could do a lot better . 
  austerity is just asphixiating the poorest . 
  and of course i 'm against taxes cheat , they did bad everyone agree , but that does not mean we should abandon them in their mess . 
  we should help them come clean andrestart their economy . 
  even from an egoistical pov , if they do n't have a great enough economy they will not be able to pay their debts . 
  i think solidarity in europe is what might prevent other wars , and give us a real place in the word with the rise of new powers . 
  yes because solidarity is just unthinkable . 
  `` to get germany to be as shitty as they are '' well you are not anti-french at all . 
  in a comment that criticize hating a country , well done . 
  you are for hating just not germany . 
  `` france would n't even be like it is now without the agricultural subsidies it gets from the eu '' really ? 
  check your facts , you have lost all objectivity to make your point that solidarity was impossible . 
  france gives 20 billions to eu and get 12 from it . 
  we are the top 2 contributor . 
  there is other possiblity than being 1 ) a beggar 2 ) a neoliberal egoist . 
  the leftists and nationalists seems to be the majority . 
  so i do n't know were you find your `` most people though recognize germany as a responsible state which made reforms long time ago '' . 
  i think only the right wing and center right support this position . 
  because the banner is a clich\u00e9 . 
  do n't see too much in it . 
   `` all men are born free and equal in rights '' yes too bad the women were n't born free and equal in rights . 
  i 'm actually quite sad our president did n't defend the greeks with more strength :( our president is unable to make any strong statement . 
  sorry i wish we had a better choice during presidential elections . 
  yes and the circle jerk about france is the same two jokes every day , without any relation to the actual news . 
  it sounds like a broken engine . 
  so is this real hate ? 
  or just like an old uncle who thinks he is still funny always making the same joke ? 
  yes the neo-liberal capitalist system has never been a big hit in france . 
  right wing or left wing . 
  i think it comes from the period just after world war ii where resistant gaulliste , communists and others tried to do what was best for all the population . 
  an idea that no one should be left on the side . 
  it 's from that time that we have free healthcare and a lot of other things . 
  i think almost everybody in france was raised with the idea that we should take care of the weakest , and that the state has to take this role . 
  it 's really recent that right wings people ( sarkozy ) are starting to officialy kind of look at the anglo-saxon point of view , before it was just disregarded . 
  de gaulle the man from whom almost all right wing politicians took their inspiration was very interventionist . 
  i guess you could say americans democrats were more liberal than french gaulliste . 
  from that history of war and resistance we are very attached to those `` social conquests '' as we call them .
