i admire your courage . 
  love early burzum . 
  im moving to germany too !, 
  this very sunday . 
   luckily i am one of the few who has all the requirements to move abroad easily ( accommodation , a work until i start my ausbildung , very good knowledge of the german language ( i grew up here ) . . so lets hope everything is going to be alright !, 
  damn spaniards . . 
  nooooooooooo !!!!!!!!, 
  i thought we were winning . . :( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  does that mean we win ?!, 
  we win !!!, 
  sweet victory !, 
  we 're talking about youth unemployment , not general unemployment . 
  can someone explain to me why norway is so damn expensive ? 
  i have no knowledge on this matter and would like to know why this is happening . 
  i know that norway has much higher salaries than most of the eu , except switzerland maybe , so life in general is expected to be more expensive , but they 're ahead of everyone else big time . 
  yes !, 
  russia is getting more and more aggressive , it 's only a matter of time until putin does the same crap he did in ukraine to the baltics , which are nato members and which we 'll have to defend incase of a russian invasion . 
  we have to be ready , we 're in a dangerous time right now . 
  since he only obeys the laws of allah , re-arrest and deport him back to the middle-east so he fight for his god and hopefully die for him . 
  i guess i 'm a little bit late and i also ca n't believe this was n't mentioned before . 
  [ wardruna - runaljod-gap var ginnunga ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak0zmavayb8 ), 
  til companies exist in greece . 
  nooooooo not pigs !!!!!!!, 
  woohoo we 're winning !!!!, 
  great article . 
  people waving the isis flag should get arrested and later on deported , european societies have no place for people who support mass murderers of innocent people . 
  watching this video made me really mad , europe is n't a place for these people . 
  getting them out of your countries would be a blessing for your society . 
  if any of us here on / r/europe were to meet members of isil we would be brutally murdered just because we 're european . 
  this is pretty scary when you think about it . 
  she just went full retard . 
  there 's only one thing that can finish isis , the finnish . 
  i grew up in germany and i 've seen first hand what you just mentioned . 
  turkish kids were always together in a group and were always hateful towards non-arab kids . 
  i think the thing that saved me personally from being bullied often were my south european looks and i was often confused as a turk . 
  germans or other really white people were their primary target though . 
  i 've also met some very nice turkish people while i lived there , i 'm not saying every turk is like this , just a big percentage of them . 
  right on . 
  there are lots of people who enjoy cold weather and darkness , including me . 
  i personally have become tired of endless summers , it 's just too hot for me sometimes . 
  imagine 4 months a year with 30c + weather . 
  it 's good for a month or two , it just becomes boring after a while . 
  there 's just something so gloomy about norway and it attracts me . 
  the same happens in athens , mostly during august . 
  yes , it 's worse . 
  you 're feeling home in malllorca ? 
  i would n't live there even if i was paid huge monies , nothing worse than drunk tourisists 24/7 on summer !, 
  how come you left rich norway for poor greece ? 
  as a greek , i am almost sure that i 'll visit/live in norway at some part in my life , the scenery is just otherworldly !, 
  it 's sad to see that some people are such sheep to follow so many trends in their lifes . 
  i 'm coming over to study , i 've been already accepted in the university . 
  i speak fluent german and i have a place to live in . 
  i 'll probably stay in germany after i 'm done with uni because if i move back to greece i 'll probably be unemployed , and i do n't want that . 
  i 'm immigrating to germany in a few months , http://i.imgur.com/qpsbvoy.png how to dodge bad unemployment rates in 2014 . 
  i 'm sending you a pm . 
  we have a pretty cool black \\ death netal scene here in athens . 
  some of the most famous bands include ravencult , dead congregation , nocturnal vomit etc. 
  keeping the underground extreme metal scene alive here in greece . 
  well having +40 + c nearly every summer here in greece , i can tell you that it sucks so much . 
  you ca n't leave the house before 6 pm . 
  if it 's 40c + at day , then it 's still 30c + at night and you ca n't really sleep without some kind of air conditioning or an air blower , even if you are without clothes . 
  i personally grew up in germany so i may also have a decreased tolerance level to excessive heat , but most of the people here agree that it does indeed suck . 
  personally , everything above 30c + sucks for me . 
  but having at least 4 months a year of those temperatures , i feel glad i 'm moving back to germany in half year . 
  i much rather prefer a mild summer in germany , than a complete inferno summer here in greece . 
  edit : another fun fact is , we had +19 c here in athens today , in january . 
  it 's still nice weather but abnormal for the period . 
  we have n't had real snow here since 2009 or 2010 . 
  last year it snowed for 1 day on january the 8th , but it did n't even cover the streets . 
  we have rotting christ so its fine . 
  ignorance at it 's best . 
  real talk from a czech , beware . 
  you are right , there are definitely tons of greeks who would go apeshit over this , but if you think outside the box it 's just an ancient ex-church of ours which does n't belong to our country for some centuries now , becoming a mosque . . who cares , really it wo n't affect us . 
  there are better problems to care about right now here in greece . 
  as a greek , i wo n't give a crap if they transform hagia sofia into a mosque to be honest . 
  this building does n't belong to us for quite some centruries now . 
  it 's on turkish land so may they have the freedom to do what they want with it . 
  maybe religious greeks will disagree with me because this building was once a church but as an atheist i only view it as a historical monument which is n't on our ground anymore thus may they do whatever they want with it , nothing will change if they make it a mosque for me . 
  stop the hate , wanna-be swedish . 
  do you live in northern or southern sweden ? 
  i live in the suburbs of athens and there 's a gypsy camp near my home , like half a kilometer away . 
  i do n't think i 've met worse people than gypsies . 
  i see 5 or 6 year old children of theirs smoking cigarettes and cursing strangers . 
  their teenagers are aggressive as hell and search trouble 24/7 . 
  last years they killed an old lady living by herself while they robbed her , thank god these bastards were found and imprisoned . 
  police raids the camp every 2 or 3 months and has even destroyed some of their ` homes ' . 
  they use free water and electricity from the graveyard across the street and live on land which they do not own . 
  i 'm not a racist , by any kind , i love foreigners , but these people just make me sick and i hope police will destroy their camp and send them away . 
  at first i was confused , then i saw his flag . 
  definetely stoned . 
  they should swin all the way to athens for all i care , if they do n't like it cyao we wo n't miss you . 
  a bunch of kindergarten kids are more responsible than syriza . 
  do you think emptying lesbos from immigrants in 2-3 days is occasional , and that 1 week before national elections ? 
  it 's obvious they did it so less people vote for gd in a week . 
  after the elections lesbos will be full again . 
  i care . 
  illegal immigrants are making life for greeks in big cities and lately the islands kos , mytilini and lesbos very , very hard . 
  denmark , hungary , lead the way !, 
  what is happening is madness , you two seem to be the only sane eu countries . 
  more countries will follow this mindset , the sooner the better .
