  we first have to revive our national economy , from agriculture to industry , then we can talk about leaving the euro . 
  i lost it at point 3 . : ddddddd, 
  the leftist agenda . 
  i support this . 
  `` macedonias '' are slavs , they have absolutely nothing to do with the greek region of macedonia . 
  fyrom or skopje are fine with me . 
  and yes i take this seriously . 
  im right above you too . 
  exactly , we 're pigs swimming in the same mud . 
  no point in saying : hah !, 
  take that portugal !!, 
  greek tourism  yours muhahah !, 
  or : haha !, 
  get rekt greece !, 
  our uneploynment is 2 % better than yours !, 
  you suck !, 
  greetings from espanyol !, 
  i guess the point is clear , the south sucks atm and there 's no point in trying to act like you suck less than the others . 
  nice mate , you 're southwestern , i 'm southeastern . 
  who cares if you 're a few miles more to the west of ireland or iceland . 
  ladies and gentlemen , another portuguese trying hard to act western european . 
  mate , take it with pride that you belong to the south . 
  watching your comment history towards greece makes me cringe , the way you 're trying to copy the north european hate bandwagon towards greece is just pathetic . 
  you 're from portugal , your country is in the same shit as my country is in , stop trying to act superior , you 're not . 
  you can replace `` integration '' with `` immigration '' . 
  i predict gd at around 10 % , as it is the only serious anti-memorandum and anti-immigration party right now . 
  excellent !, 
  what 's a portugal ? 
  the top of greece 's index finger is burning down . 
  ouch . 
  ohhhh !, 
  im on the highway to hellas !, 
  protesting ? 
  ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  we 'll leave it to the north europeans . 
  they 're more efficient . 
  damn google , i mean yeah nobody likes gypsies but you just separated them from humans . 
  lets get this bitch started, 
  imf does n't give a crap about the countries from which it wants their money back . 
  we 've seen it in south america , now we see it in south europe . 
  austerity is not working and we 've seen it more than once . 
  i am totally pro-eu and pro ez . 
  i wish we could stay in the euro but i dont think that 'll be the case . 
  greek living in germany here . 
  i have n't experienced racism as of yet and i work with a lot of people . 
  most people smile when they get to know where i 'm from . 
  i literally have n't had any bad experience yet . 
  i got pretty emotional during this video , might be cause i left my country 8 months ago due to all the crap happening the past 5-6 years . 
  i hope i can one day return and live a comfortable life down there . 
  no , that 's me . 
  get as close as possible to be morally and culturally equal to the people in the country you 're immigranting to . 
  greece - [ rotting christ - keravnos kyvernitos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=symdp5xhcbo ), 
  greece will never and under no circumstance leave the eu , leaving the ez on the other hand is a plausible option and i personally think it 'll happen soon . 
  can you hook me up with a valid source proving the thing you say ? 
  we should just default . . 
  ancient greeks were defintely whiter than greeks are today , after millenias of wars , race mixing with persians and north africans and 300 years of ottoman occupation on top turned us slightly darker today . 
  then these people need to get the fuck out of germany , simple as that . 
  integrate or get deported should become a rule . 
  well hopefully !, 
  i understood you were joking , you completely got what i tried to say !, 
  out of curiousity , where are you from ? 
  it 's a big difference , but if you think about it there are so many different things we have together that it does n't seem too foreign at all . 
  i 'd say if a german spends a year in greece and a year in any other non european country he 'd find out greece feels more ` home ' than the other countries we 'd visit . 
  and that stands for all southeners not just greece . 
  what i 'm trying to say is south europeans have a different lifestyle and culture , but it 's not so different at all . 
  well i grew up in germany so it 's not really a huge thing for me personally , it 's more like ` going back ' . 
  i miss good weather and the overall laid back lifestyle one can live in greece but i am offered better job opportunities and a much more organized country . 
  i like it , but as i said i 've lived here before and speak fluent german . 
  ca n't wait for summer holidays tho , miss my family , friends & country !, 
  that 's why i made the jump from gr to ger . 
  hopefully i can return to my homeland in some years . . it sucks being forced out of your country in order to survive . 
  i 'd very much prefer 1 million neopagans than 1 daesh supporter . 
  neopaganism trending is good imo , time to revive our ancient european cultures , even if neopagans arent exactly following what pagans did to 100 % . 
  the scary thing is the damage has already been done in the affected countries . 
  muslims are already there and are making lots of kids , plus the new one 's that come in . 
  there 's only one way this is going . . many majority-muslim countries by 2050 . 
  if someone denies this he 's out of touch with reality . 
  oh right now i get it lol . 
  i am by no means flaming , just pointing out my dislikes toward sweden 's immigration policies . 
  i am not a racist but what they are doing is just flatout insane . 
  seeing this flag saddens me , it really does . 
  i really like sweden 's culture , but seeing it getting slowly destroyed by their insane immigration policies . . jesus . . if that happened to my country i 'd go protesting on a daily basis . 
  having a tiny bit of nationalism in you is n't all that bad . 
  we 'll talk again when sweden becomes the first majority-muslim country in europe . 
  you 'll have to beg to immigrate to greece . 
  no , not at all . 
  we were told the same thing a year ago . 
  our gdp was sightly rising and suddenly the media was like '' is the crisis finally over ?!??! '' . 
  yes , it was real , our gdp grew a little but it was used in a way to makes us believe `` everything is k guys , no need to vote for syriza '' . 
  this article resembles the exact same situation we had a year ago in greece . 
  why did you write the last sentence in greek ? 
  for the non greeks reading this he said `` bullshit , only because greece ca n't overcome the crisis does n't mean other countries ca n't . '', 
  lol k, 
  propaganda to reduce the growing power of podemos . 
  make people think the crisis is over , no more austerity equals less votes for anti-austerity parties . 
  i do n't really blame the voters for voting fn . 
  if my country had so many immigrants of islamic descent i 'd be mad about it too . 
  first christianity , now islam . 
  when will it stop ? 
  damn potato !,
