  i 'm never around tourist area and i never see soldier . 
  except her work is n't fictitious since only her employer can determine that and he happens to say she worked . 
  call it a loophole if you want , it 's still legal . 
  anyway it 's off topic . 
  it 's pretty sad that you get downvoted just for having a different opinion than the brigade roaming here . 
  france had issue with multi-etnicity for a while . 
  it became worse with the end of the algeria war and immigration wave . 
  because people have been using upvote/downvote in a shitty way . 
  look at / u/winterfjell 's comment . 
  he is perfectly on topic , but it 's praising someone some people on r/europe do n't like so here comes the downvote shower . 
   holy shit , the-pen brigadiers are here it seems i do n't understand how you can say this . 
  fn was the biggest party of france before trump even decided to run for president . 
  it 's not t_d boosting mlp 's presence . 
  she was big in france long before . 
  fillon is n't in a corruption scandal . 
  what he did is perfectly legal , just not moraly accepted . 
  also , your analysis is incorrect . 
  macron is anti-establisment just like mlp as they both want to get rid of the umps . 
  what hamon and mlp have in common is their social approach ( reduction of retirement / working hours ) that is probably what / u/dddms 's dude is looking for . 
  seems logic to put the blame on the chain reponsible of the problem . 
  call out anybody ( nation/eu ) that fucks up so that we can at least start working on the fix . 
  problem now is that eu needs to be `` audible '' by the people ; make sur the national gov. 
  do n't filter the critic so that we can vote arcordingly . 
  i wonder what american think when they see our narrow street and compare them to their 4x4 streets . 
  the number are bogus , fir france the last time i heard a journalist talk about it ( last week ) it was around 75 % . 
  his name is cahuzac ... not cahusac . 
  just saying . 
  now i did n't know fillon is in power , i though that was hollande . 
  funny , because the only thing you can see on their website is article toward the right . 
  nice try but no , lce is left . 
  lmao , and you think the information about expense are mysteriously disappearing when a new interior ministor comes in ? 
  macron had plenty of time to search for interesting scandal in the archives of bercy . 
   the '' canard encha\u00een\u00e9 '' is known for that as well as being non partisan biggest bullshit i 've ever heard . 
  lce is extremely left , almost communist . 
  sur sometime a socialist make it to their frontpage , but that one out of 30 . 
  yep , and they would have even better relation with macron who they are pushing extremely hard just like they did for clinton . 
   the parliamentary assistants contingent is hardly a secret matter . 
  no it 's not . 
  before 2013 , the deputy never had to declare who where the parliamentary assistant , and that is before this period that his wife worked for him . 
  the only one who knew where those had the tax / contract , meanwhile , bercy who whas lead by who ? 
  macron . 
  do you guys even know the case ? 
  are you imply suspision of innoncence to macron , but are n't doing it to fillon . 
  macron has scandal , the media just chose to put those of fillon ahead in the headlines . 
  so ... you were saying about fillon candidacy ? 
  nobody knows if they work beside the police and the fillon 's family . 
  but you should page / u/thinsteel . 
  i already know everything you said . 
  fillon wo n't get his corruption expose since there is nothing to expose . 
  ok / u/ego _ non , i 'll poor some wine in my water . 
  macron is left center left with a few support from udi and jupp\u00e9iste . 
  because you think the dgse run for us ? 
  the dgse is a presidential tool use for the need of our current president . 
  it rekt dsk when sarkozy was running it , it rekt fillon now . 
  was ren\u00e9 imbot defending the french when mitterand told him to fuck up the rainbow warrior ? 
  please , get real . 
  wtf are you trying to do . 
  tell me how my politic landscape works/look like ? 
  anybody destroy mlp in a 2nd turn so no , the media do n't want fillon . 
  you obviously know jack shit about this country and it 's politic . 
  want me to give you 10 from the left ? 
  i 'll give you one : fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  muted letter , plurial , orthographe , particular rules . 
  or rules that apply to many all of them . 
  this language is a fucking nightmare . 
  bitche please . 
  do you even have a say in this affair ? 
  my 20 on no . 
  i 'm not going to waste time on someone who has no idea of the politic of this country . 
  you just confirmed what / u/sirrrrrrrrr _ said . 
  there was no slander campaign against macron because he is the favorite of the press/current government , not for the lack of affair . 
  i did n't hear the right knocking at his door and compose his support for the campaign . 
  macron is left , center left . 
  what will you do when the justice will say it 's not ? 
  you will look like an idiot . 
  we are the worse at our own language . 
  even if we are very proud of it , only few manage to write a proper sentence without making mistakes . 
  m\u00e9luch va direct au contact . 
  et quand bien m\u00eame ca ne serait pas vrai , les deux sont mauvais , aka  the program of hamon/melenchon are just as bad as the mlp . 
  et bordel . 
  i would n't be so sur . 
  the program of hamon/melenchon are just as bad as the mlp . 
  becasuse you think macron did n't trow shit on other ? 
  how do you think the fillon scandal started in the first place ? 
  it 's not like / r/europe is litteraly shocking on his dick that he is snow white . 
  you are trying to make a point and fail miserably . 
  giving wrong number , taking your assumption for reality . 
  grow up . 
  if you talk shit , but ready to take some heat back . 
  i 'm convince you are trying to sound more stupid than you are . 
  since when you need a crime to hate someone ? 
  if he was a ginger , some would say he should n't be alowed to run . 
  are you that stupid ? 
  you guys are living in a bubble . 
  some people hate macron just because he is youger than his wife . 
  by being fucked yourself . 
  are you all discovering how the legal system works or what ? 
  you are taking your assumption for reality . 
  france is not the us , so unless you have something to back it up , that is just bullshit . 
  like you said .
