  calling out the father is pointless . 
  because vichy regime as the definition of france is up to debate just like saying we did a crime against humanity in our colony is up to debate when macron says it . 
  i do n't understand why people think it 's ok to put on her the sins of her father . 
  especialy here in r/europe , a bunch of you had fathers doing pretty atrocious things . 
  german/italian/spanish , you want to talk about this ? 
  this picture is a cheap critic . 
  did she deny holocaust ? 
  you guys are just looking at any stupid way to bash on her when there are real reason . 
  too bad that 's counter productive . 
  imo , of all the city i have visited , only rome surpass paris . 
  where do i say china is socialist ? 
  ffs read properly, 
  bull shit . 
  mac are pc with a fancy case . 
  pixar animation are just animation movie . 
  nothing changed . 
  thankful for the privilege of having a job and food on the table unlike the other socialist country of the south that have unemployement and only debt for their future generation . 
  china gives no fuck that you are sad with your condition . 
  yeah i 've heard of that , regular product for the industry . 
  pc & animation industry ? 
  good lord , did he also cure canc ... oh wait . 
  you do n't get more brainwash than this . 
  yeah i know his cv . 
  he was a bureaucrate then created en marche . 
  unknown 2 years ago and you think you know enough . 
  that 's hardly convincing . 
  what did macron lead so far ? 
  your mistake is to assume a concensus will happen . 
  macron will be the weakest president of the 5th republic in the weakest france of the 5th republic . 
  merkel will bitchslap us and thanks god for it . 
   what i and most socialists throughout history have considered to be socialism is not what the ps is practicing , the ps of epinay always was a merging of two school of thoughts . 
  there is no such things as a `` straight '' definition of socialism in france . 
  you do n't like what valls did , good for you . 
  split the ps and two and go back to irrelevancy . 
  the right was always split in two ( and still won most election ), 
  a minijob is still better than no job at all . 
  you are just salty that you got 4th/5th place at this election . 
  it 's not because your vision of socialism does n't apply to them , that they are n't . 
  you are most likely communist from their point of view . 
  it 's still a bad thing . 
  a lesser evil is still something we should try to avoid when possible . 
  and who set what is press and what is propaganda ? 
  the french media is 80 % left propaganda . 
  today again , our media are talking about a `` risk '' marine le pen . 
  for christ sake , 40 % of france vote for her and those media talk of their opinion as a `` risk '' . 
  that 's beautiful to watch r/europe defend the reject of freedom of press . 
  musk is just filling the gap left by jobs . 
  he sells over marketed dream to the mass audience . 
  dream nonetheless . 
  [ this is the street of the picture . 
  ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/@49.4393332,1.0975149,3a,75y,66.93h,104.86t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sqk6vdvaaohopqlphrtbcaq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  apply that to yourself then we 'll talk . 
  regardless of how you view him he still shaped a country that the world envy , french included . 
  as someone that studied , lived and worked abroad i feel that france is slowly losing the battle of the soft power and turning into `` just another us states '' ( cf : see macron 's obama like style of politic ) . 
  what are your plan to preserve and improve french cultural assets and exposure ? 
  maybe you should chill a bit befofe posting . 
  whataboutism . 
  nice . 
  edit : just saying , the 3 % deficit of france is lived like a country 's humiliation and macron blamed germany for their surplus . 
  he would and that 's france irrationality for you . 
  we just do n't like reform , even if we know it 's a good one . 
  that makes me wonder why we learn english in school rather than german . 
  60 % of english is just poorly pronunciated french anyway . 
  schroder is seen like hero here . 
  he took a political bullet , but he is the reason why germany is doing so well nowadays . 
  i have no say in this election , therefor i wont bother commenting . 
  enthusiasts take note !, 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af if you buy russian product for that , be prepared to pay tax on it, 
  then return to mother russia ? 
  what can i tell you . 
  if you think you are better off with them , i 'm not going to hold you back . 
  like that you can eat subways . 
  russia produce nothing but raw material . 
  are you going to eat gaz and drive wood ? 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the job still has to be meaningfull and productive . 
  if the guys spend , yes it 's good , but in what ? 
  if it 's in foreign goods , ( like the majority of france ) it 's just create trade deficit , they do n't pay for pension , we pay for their pension since we pay their income . 
  if you look at the map , you see that uk is at full employement , they can afford it . 
  also consider that those number are way worse in france because of the very high level of unecesary civil servant . 
  are you seriously trying to talk politic right here ? 
  i mean , if you do , that 's pretty pathetic . 
  it 's retarded to clamp to the number of the first round just because it makes you confortable that it 's the lowest . 
  the press is just another form of power . 
  northen countries are fletching when they are told they are `` transparent good boys '' , that 's some pavlovian shit right here . 
  you are not our friend either . 
  your argument is retarded , both are made of foreign money . 
  just like it 's retarded for an american to mock france for having a populist at the 2nd round when you have one in office . 
  because macron didnt suck dicks in the us to get fund ? 
  lmao . 
  when will you understand we dont have a better opinion of washington than moscou, 
  not being the first choise has nothing to do with support . 
  40 % of voter will support in the 2nd poll agaisnt macron . 
  period . 
  concerning the news paper , any polling already are stating that . 
  yeah it does n't matter the 2nd run , it 's not like it 's going to decide everything . 
  pathethic analysis . 
  so , how does that feels ? 
  feels good taking some of your medecine ? 
  what a great way to be bring out discussion .
