  you are saying that like it was n't already dead . 
  someone living 3 hours away from your country and that ca n't even tell what your culture is about due to your absolutely incompetence to promote it . 
  if you are fine with your culture dying , suit yourself . 
  but french is in the boat and we are not fine with this for ourselves . 
  / u/lebron181 can you buy are car with no brakes ? 
  so your comment is just completely wrong . 
  before you get to choose anything , there is a metric ton of regulation happening . 
  i 'm surprise at the amount of people on r/europe who have no idea how eu actually works . 
  we set the product mandatory caracteristic ** together ** . 
  netherland set wine caracteristic in eu when you have no fucking idea how to and do n't even produce any . 
  that 's how it works . 
  people make compromise . 
  deal with it . 
  extremely poor lecture of the curent world . 
  why do you think we have so many nationalist party poping up ? 
  people feel like being invaded both physicaly and culturaly . 
  we blame mena but the us culture falls under the same critic . 
  1 - the best you got here are album going back to the 70 's . 
  i mean , dude . 
  it 's really time to stop living in the past . 
  2 - uk where ? 
  3 - ok , first , til adele is british . 
  the 2nd is a song from bowie in the 1973 so i do n't think your source is reliable . 
  the 3rd is californian , the 4th is french . 
  [ this is the better view of the top 100 french ] ( https://www.shazam.com/fr/charts/top-100/france ) but still not what is on air . 
  4 - soft power = !, 
  culture . 
  so yeah , i 'd grant that adele is a pretty massive culturaly wise , but like i said , we just think she is from the us . 
  she is n't pushing for that uk special like craig david or jamiroquai . 
  too bad you do n't provide anything . 
  not a name , not a title , not a source . 
   your whole political spectrum is quite left wing . 
  compare to what ? 
  when you are `` positioned '' you are position based on something . 
  if you take uk and netherland , no shit . 
  you could also they are heavily right wing and we are just center . 
   french people want to watch french stuff what is the problem ? 
  because we ai n't naive ? 
  market is influenced by many factors ( marketing , technology , politic ) and since we do n't want our culture to get ass fucked by a country as economicaly big as the us , we do what must be done to preserve it . 
  sur ; havok is a great engine . 
  but they are n't the one making the cultural part . 
  india produce most of the steel of the world , you do n't say india makes most of the steel based product in the world , do you ? 
  buddy , i can keep going in other language if you can follow me . 
  pick what you want to be roastbeefed with . 
  name one of your ex-colony with cultural projection in the world . 
  i 'm not really craving for any australian tv show/movie . 
  what is uk exporting as cultural product ? 
  we speak american english , i live 40 minutes away from them and we get more rihana than whatever they have . 
  i mean , i dont know where you got that uk was projecting anything . 
  the saddest part is that , even if they were to produce anything , we would n't know and just think `` that 's american '' . 
  i do n't call that really promoting uk 's culture . 
  ask most french where do they think adele / ed sheran come from , they 'd just tell you , somewhere in the us , most likely california . 
  concerning france , that has nothing to do with left/right . 
  both side of our political spectrum are in favor of subsidizing culture . 
  culture is too important to let it be directed by `` market-orientation '' . 
  you see culture  market for us . 
  buddy . 
  the eu legislate on the packaging of your toilet paper . 
  just like your country used to do before it delegates it to eu when joining the single market . 
  knowing this is just very basic knowledge . 
  `` le diner de con '' but why even look french ? 
  i 'm pretty sur other countries have gems to share, 
  that moment when you do n't even speak your county 's language . 
  we love german show wtf . 
  but that 's where you trick even yourself . 
  we do n't consume british cultural product . 
  every single people complaining are coming from countries with absolutely no international cultural projection . 
  like no wonder nobody gives a fuck about dutch/finnish culture . 
  they are n't even fighting for it themselves . 
  your dj 's are singing in english . 
  nobody would guess by hearing them that they are not american product . 
  so your dj have for dutch only written somewhere in their passport . 
  how many world crisis do you need to realize that blind trust in capitalism works only in theory ? 
  do you know the definition of insanity ? 
   individual countries should n't have sovereignty when it comes to the contents that is exactly the case for everything in eu single market . 
  are you just discovering it now ? 
  the requierement to sell a product in eu is to comply with the standard of the whole eu zone . 
  wtf do you think eu single market was ? 
  grouping as 27 is exactly the reason why eu is doing it rather than individual state . 
  what pressure does netherland has on it 's own ? 
  you ca n't expect your movie industry to get better if they compete against competitors of a totaly different league . 
  but we do n't speak your language . 
  we speak the usa 's one . 
  if it was n't for the usa , nobody would give a fuck about english . 
  havok does n't make cultural product . 
  they make technical one . 
  it 's a game engine , not a video game company . 
  are you for real ? 
  wtf did those countries culturaly exported in the last 20 years ? 
  you 'd rather have your government fight for the culture / production of someone else than yours ? 
   this is pure protectionism . 
  yes . 
  i do n't think anyone ever said '' kick turkey out of eu '' . 
  the land shared between turkey and eu is n't much . 
  the rest is a natural barrier . 
  while i 'm not saying it 's not difficult , it should be way more feasable than between us/mexico . 
  you are pushing it too far . 
   why would the average french guy bother learning german today ? 
  because it 's beautiful . 
  another question ?
