  wtf are you talking about . 
  you want a medal for something you did n't even participate ? 
  by that logic , the very reason that you exist is because france wanted to piss off uk . 
  you 'd still be a colony if france did n't want it otherwise . 
  so you are forever indebt to france . 
  ok , now you are the one historically wrong . 
  nato brough peace with russia , not within europe ( or at least was n't the main factor ) . 
  it 's factualy correct . 
  we were under an unwanted german tourism . 
  when things go right , take credit ; when thing goes to shit , blame someone else . 
  that 's the basic . 
  it would have been interesting to have the result for `` if france was gone tomorrow . 
  chances are , you 'd also get a huge chunk of people that would n't gaf . 
  until you arrive at work and realize you do n't have one anymore ( for french ) because no more tourist/export . 
  he knew exactly what he was doing and that it was bound to fail . 
  no way northen europe would have follow , hell , no way even half of france would have followed . 
  it was my biggest worry . 
  i 'm not ashamed to admit how wrong i was . 
  this is unbelievable . 
  did a party ever got such a majority ? 
  no way it already happened . 
  they are n't even running in all the circonscription ( 56 missing ), 
  the company is n't own by anyone french like dassault is . 
   actionnaires au 31 d\u00e9cembre 2016 : blue partners 5,11 % cervinia europe 5,03 % groupe arnault 0,35 % bunt 3,36 % galfa 11,56 % stanhore trading international 7,67 % energy jet 0,19 % salari\u00e9s 0,98 % autod\u00e9tention 1,25 % public 64,51 %, 
   all the three big auto makers still have manufacturing plants in germany . 
  they are on a different segment than france . 
  they ca n't have `` made in eastern europe '' on their high end car . 
   the rate of growth did n't explode after 2004 like some people think . 
  poland went in 2002 from 1.4 % of pib to 7.2 % in 2007 when the crysis hit . 
  7.2 % growth . 
  how many president of the west would have sacrificed their first born to get those result ? 
  all of them . 
  carrefour . 
  i 'm not convinced that our company are `` owned '' by us . 
   protectionist measures to reduce the effects . 
  yes and stay in the last century standard of living . 
  you sacrificed your industry for a better one with better standard for the average citizen . 
  while the west lost their industry for cheaper imported product . 
  this is merely balancing things out . 
  let 's be real , we would have dump our product anyway . 
  eastern europe is just capable of buying more of them now . 
  also , i do n't see or company paying more on wage as a benefit for them . 
  the cost of a road is far more than just the maintaining . 
  so * `` that only foreigners will pay and use while locals only use '' * simply is n't true . 
  i 'm talking about social dumping . 
  east and west are far from being `` equal '' on that . 
   led to a massive industrial decline in eastern europe i highly doubt that . 
  maybe in term of local company , but you attracted a shit tons of ours . 
   only foreigners pay the new tax but only local pay for the road , while both local and foreigner use them . 
  it 's just a correct cost sharing . 
  it will also stop the dumping . 
  dont feed the troll, 
  what makes you able to control your national gov that isnt the same for eu, 
  but that 's how french system work . 
  you select first , then you eliminate . 
  we did eliminate the fn and so gave a mandate to macron , wether we like it or not , that 's what happened . 
  we support his politic [ more than lepen 's ] . 
  xbettel isnt french and cant answer your question . 
  he is totaly biaised, 
  did he win ? 
  if so , mandate he got . 
  but they have none . 
  even the greek are ahead of them in military power . 
  next century , you 'll be a regional dialect . 
   reveals more about the stubborn attitude of you lot when it comes to speaking english if fighting for your culture is being stubborn , then yes . 
  i 'd rather set the standard that adapt to it . 
  i 'm not to keen on kneeling to suck english dicks . 
  you are taking pre-globalization context and except the same result today . 
  wow , you still have news paper in dutch !, 
  maybe there is hope then / s, 
  hey buddy , dutch culture could be gone tomorow , that you tickle one of my balls without exciting the other ( our way to say : idgaf ) . 
  you just give the same bullshit argument `` our culture is just a mix of ... '' that was said in the uk 's culture being threathened . 
  we are all a mix . 
  that does n't make dutch = german = french . 
   in fact recent research has shown the dutch language is very much alive today . 
  * `` in fact recent fact taking out of my ass today '' * show [ insert random ] . 
  you have only 23 million people speaking dutch that most do n't even bother promoting it . 
  you could be a dead language by 2070 or differently said , an english speaking country . 
   what is the problem exactly ? 
  we are witnessing the death of the dutch culture ? 
  because shape , like politics , come in many forms . 
  forced poverty ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  corruption does n't have to be paid to happen . 
  of course some where . 
  but i would n't say it was the majority . 
  but that 's not about `` being around and not making trouble '' . 
  it 's about being part of british culture and not hindus . 
  just the way you labbel them clearly indicate they are n't british and so are a threat . 
  ladies first . 
  breaking news : 45yo ex-boxer immigrant misstreat an us senior in washington . 
  you ca n't even properly read english . 
  i did n't say uk was n't a combination of culture . 
  i said it had the lowest cultural mixity . 
  britain as to be the part of europe with the least cultural mixity until the colonization . 
  that 's the point . 
  they are n't . 
  they are still ska , curry and other nationality , not british . 
  it 's right next to `` lybian refugee whose next generation slaughter little girls at concert . '', 
  like you named it yourself , that 's still hindus culture that you try to label as british when it 's not .
