  so why you call her a racist ? 
   melenchon was advocating classless stateless society maybe because you are too young and discovered him just this election . 
  he clearly sent this message during previous one . 
   since he is n't he is just center-left/left hybrid to me . 
  just like mlp 's voter see her as a socialist conservative . 
  `` d\u00e9diabolisation campaign '' works wonder . 
   you 're just stating that or you have some logical explanation to back it up . 
  it 's called , basic knowledge in macro economy . 
  funny how you have no problem to label her facist , but ca n't even see that all the attribute of m\u00e9lanchon you described are making him a communist . 
  the other terrible regime the 20th century produced . 
  i wo n't comment on the overly simplification you make . 
  like `` taxing the rich '' make you a nice guy . 
  shit ai n't working like that outside of fairy tales . 
  when i fuck up and go negative , my bank makes cash on my back . 
  that 's the same for you greece . 
  stop blaming other for your fuck up . 
  it 's better to be on the sideline . 
  the whole atmosphere of the country stinks right now . 
  shit is probably going to blow up if anything but macron pass . 
  ullegal no , stupid yes . 
  i ca n't wait to see it burn . 
  whoever wins , something will . 
   assuming macron is centrist you could argue fillion is more of a extremist than melenchon . 
  lmao at your way to evaluate politic like if it was geometry . 
  if m\u00e9lanchon is n't extremist , then i guess marine le pen is n't either . 
  laughing my ass off at all the salty replies you get . 
  all trying to paint m\u00e9lanchon as not extreme . 
  people shitted on mlp for her `` normalisation attempt '' , watch the same people doing the same to m\u00e9lanchon . 
  part of her support went to m\u00e9lanchon since he became `` viable '' . 
  something they will never admit since m\u00e9lanchon 's fan base hate mlp 's voter . 
   like their local representatives and mayors , deputees , senators ... , too !, 
  i 'm indeed playing dumb , got ta put myself to the level of the other . 
  when you say sentence like this , you do n't deserve to be taken for anything else than a joke . 
  next time you want to make a point , avoid the stupid over simplification . 
  uniteraly with the mandate of 50 % of the voter . 
  you voted to every local election of france . 
  something is fishy right here, 
  he is pro france and therefor pro eu . 
  he consider one simple thruth , we cant change russia and we cant make it go away , so we better start dealing with their opinion ( or agaisnt it ), 
  believe citron bleu . 
  he checked every program of every mayor for the past 30 years . 
  a real watchdog right here, 
  when you have countries with fucked up tax policies that cash on the back of other for example . 
  both liberal do n't blame the eu ( fillon/macron ) for more than it deserves , but still do some blaming ( on fiscality notably ), 
  le pen voter are n't looking at international press . 
  there is a law , so poorly worded that it 's totaly useless . 
  you have to declare gift above 150 $ ** if it could create a conflict of interest ** ( at the charge of the parliamentary to say if there is conflict ) . 
  19 gifts were declared in 18 month for the 500 parliament member . 
  you think nobody got offered above 150 $ gift in 18 month ? 
  they just do n't give a fuck , lol . 
  we are full of law pretending to have transparent and clean politic , but only braindead still believe there are n't just all playing around the rule . 
  that 's just what latin country do . 
  latin blood is a figure of speech . 
  i 'm not talking biology here but obviously culture . 
  it 's a figure of speech . 
  french are latin catholic . 
  scandinavians are germanic protestant . 
  it 's just two completely different culture . 
  fillon ( im an unicorn here ) so my opinion is biased too . 
  i have different priorities , mainly fixing the debt/economy/getting rid of civil servant . 
  he is the only one that will get a majority and the parliament will not become a clown fiesta , like it was the past 5 years . 
  i do n't need that with russian and trump at the door . 
  concerning his scandal i do n't really give a fuck about one dude playing the system 10 years ago . 
  they are all corrupt , or just are n't important enough to be . 
  also , i 've voted to many presidential before , and just got used to way worse corruption case . 
  a huge one . 
  called latin blood . 
  i do n't have an hard on for macron like this sub does , but i would definitly not call him boring . 
  quite the opposite , since he is a new face and nobody really knows what his stance on this or that . 
  fillon 's costume are nothing illegal , even if moraly questionable for those who make yearly what he just received as suits . 
  rip hamon , that he did n't even bother to mention . 
   i 've never seen it , so nobody does !, 
  you 're cute . 
  you ca n't make a fucking crepe with only floor and egg !, 
  exactly what i just said . 
  macron ca n't turn french citizen into nordic ones . 
  just like you ca n't turn greece into germany . 
  you ca n't copy different system to adapt different people . 
  you 'll enjoy it , until you realize you are fucked with us . 
  less fucked , but still fucked . 
  you wo n't get anything here ( pro macron ) , or internet . 
  / u/niquarl tries to redirect you to r/france , the communist cesspool of reddit where only meme about m\u00e9lenchon are awaiting for you . 
  if you want a clear picture , you are going to need different source , but none from reddit . 
  you do n't even have the sligest idea of wtf is an assembl\u00e9 constituante . 
  a pack of unelected people that would right a constitution that could give him what ever he wants . 
   he would n't be head of state with the new constitution . 
  and how the fuck you know that ? 
  you already have that `` new constitution '' in your hands ? 
  you are so naive , holyshit . 
  aside from saying exactly that , it talks about the recent dynamic of the candidate . 
  fall of the leaders ( while still leading ) , rise for the 2 followers . 
  or maybe you are too dumb to even read your own source . 
  25 % of mlp voter would vote for melanchon in a 2nd round . 
  you are salty because you ca n't face the fact that part of your voting duddies would also vote for your arch enemy . 
  you are so blind , you ca n't even see m\u00e9lanchon and mlp have about the same program . 
  the only differerece being that one hate the foreigner , and the other hate the rich . 
  m\u00e9lanchon 's voter think they are the nice guys , they give themselves merit . 
  they are just as brainless as mlp 's voters , who at least have the decency to be ashamed of voting for her . 
  maybe because he is even worse than her ? 
  mlp president would still get fuck by having no majority and a constitution to block her .
