  you are going to tell me [ this ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/b/aerial-view-typical-buildings-eixample-barcelona-residential-district-catalonia-52469935.jpg ) is interesting city architecture ? 
  he made a claim that you objected only by taunting . 
  you could have made an interesting answer , but you just @ - pooped instead . 
  why are you trolling and not even answering the question ? 
  your comment is a pretty worthless taunt . 
  all 3 of you are just circle jerking in different direction . 
  i 've never heard of `` spain wanting to leave '' unless you ca n't make the different between spain and catalonia . 
   every single thread yes . 
  every . 
  single one . 
  no exception . 
  company buys entire buldings and rent them on rbnb and they are not local . 
  it 's the main street of barcelona . 
  the rest of the city is n't really interesting, 
   why , i have n't heard any tourist attack you did n't get the message . 
  the attack comes from them driving up the prices of the m \u00b2 up to stupidly ludicrous level pushing out the `` real '' locals . 
  it 's populist extrem right . 
  you just forgot `` manif pour tous debate '', 
  yeah , / u/lupatine and we both know why . 
  hollande was in holiday at that time of the year so your are pretty wrong . 
  he came back just to set the country on fire over social bullshit . 
  macron is clearly doing much better , and that coming from someone who never voted for him . 
  approval rating are worthless in france . 
  i wouldnt approve myself . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  kaddafi was on our side too until he start murder his own people . 
  we do n't really care who lead the country so long that it does n't turn into a giant cluster fuck , syria style . 
   you leave a fucking country in a civil we did n't put the country in civil war , they went themselves . 
  that 's not our responsability . 
  the lybien are still master of their country . 
  who are we to decide for them ? 
  also like i said , get real , you think we can afford to rebuild lybia ? 
  give me a break . 
   you 're helping a guy who ? 
   helped re-estabilish a democratic government . 
  no and again for two reason . 
  1 / after algeria , france does n't want to set up anything in africa simply by the fear of our public opinion of neocolonalism 2 / killing kaddafi did n't cost much . 
  rebuilding other 's country is not something we can/want/could afford . 
  we went their for two reason . 
  1 / our public opinion started to feel terrible over civilian killed in their civil war 2 / we ca n't afford to have neighbour country turn into monstrosity , so we chose the outcome of the war, 
  such a nice place that they decided to burn it down . 
  your logic makes no sense, 
  fuck that 's some impressive list . 
  charlemagne is french though . 
  chill out dude, 
  i 'm pretty sur it was roman first . 
  but that was a the time the earth was flat . 
  politicaly ; i 'm pretty sur that 's what they do . 
  that 's not how it works, 
  there is more to cost than the simple bill at the hospital . 
  nhs does n't cover infrastructure cost , risk or restructuration . 
  it 's funny that you rage at people 's shortcut , while doing your fare share yourself . 
  you forget the retired & students . 
  the nationalism that direct uk toward the exist ( pushed by foreigners ) could just as well affect individual countries of europe ( looking at your spain ) push by brits . 
  my bad, 
  95 % of the natives died of death . 
  not our fault . 
  when we arrived , only 5 % of them were alive , so we merely finished the job #notourfault, 
  damn , brits not losing their good old ' scottish bashing habits . 
  i all seriouness , we are going to need to talk about quota on british immigration . 
  are you implying some racist shit right here ? 
  it 's not because it 's italian that it 's better for the shipward . 
  are you threatning of breaking alliance of the french/italian over this ? 
  wtf is wrong with you . 
  get your nationalist bullshit mentality out of here . 
  this list is completely fucked up . 
  but then again if they asked chinese if their country as a positive influence , lots would say yes . 
  the difference of perspective at work, 
  are you 10 ? 
  they played by the rule with card delt to them . 
  we ai n't here to be nice or win a popularity contest . 
  we are talking about the shipward making our marine . 
  that 's critical business . 
  i though that was pathetic when muricans came to defend apple 's tax evasion and you make the same mistake . 
  if you link your point to a blur/non-concensus definition , the validity of the point itself becomes shaky . 
  ( note that i have no firm opinion on the debate , i 'm just saying )  [ immigrant ] ( http://www.larousse.fr/dictionnaires/francais/immigrer/41706 ) :  qui immigre dans un pays \u00e9tranger au sien / / someone who settle in a country different than his, 
  that 's what friday does to you . 
  where did you get your definition of immigrant ? 
  for us it 's * someone who goes to settle himself in a different country than his * . 
  there is no `` time '' condition, 
  wtf happened to your flag finland ? 
  are you sick ? 
  because you are all craving to flee your island ? 
  you are being hypocrit at this point . 
  he made an obvious shortcut that you chose to nitpick . 
  anyway , that 's a completely uninteresting discussion . 
  you are being hypocrit at this point . 
  he made an obvious shortcut that you chose to nitpick . 
  anyway , that 's a completely uninteresting discussion . 
  you ca n't deny the us is based on european people & culture . 
  / u/bobbage 's point stand . 
  singapor did n't exist 30 years ago . 
  they are basicaly chinese/indian . 
  ca n't wait for him to be falsley accused and put in the `` criminal scum '' bag . 
  are you trolling ? 
  look at the death count police terrorist in europe . 
  the number prove you wrong . 
  you disregard for life is just reminder than economic progress is different than social one . 
  you can build skycraper and still live in middle age . 
  * `` but hey , that was just self defense bro .
