  you better get used to it . 
  based on the 40 % voter that will vote for her . 
  judging ? 
  you ca n't make the difference between judging and insulting ? 
   does that hurt your feelings ? 
  read the fucking message ? 
   amazed . 
  amazed by the irony of people spitting at the emblem of intolerance , by being intolerant themselves . 
  subsequently , amazed by the depth of their stupidity . 
  it does n't requiere unlimited tolerance , you just have none to begin with . 
  people insulting her are just no better . 
  worse , the more she grows , the worse you get . 
  she is 40 % of french . 
  deal with it . 
  it does n't matter what i 'm going to say , you are too brain dead to even consider it . 
  i 'm not going to waste more time with you . 
  r/au nom du peuple a 15k participant , this sub 1,5 m. 
  mlp voter are about 20 million . 
  so it safe to say , they are not represented on reddit . 
  her supporter ? 
  where ? 
  her representativity here is non existant . 
  this is place is devoted to macron . 
  r/france is a communist cesspool . 
  it 's not a cartoon . 
  it 's supposed to be prevention campaign to fight aids most likely receiving subvention from people voting for her . 
  why the fuck would those people pay for that type of shit ? 
  and why even do this in the first place ? 
  this is retarded . 
   2 ) i do n't see why we should respect xenophobe and racist opinions . 
  so why should n't your intolerant attitude be respected either ? 
  do you want to be treated the same way she is ? 
  coz i can be just as insulting as you . 
  amazed . 
  amazed by the irony of people spitting at the emblem of intolerance , by being intolerant themselves . 
  subsequently , amazed by the depth of their stupidity . 
  the same people voting for the local will be voting for the presidential . 
  csp + will never vote for a m\u00e9lanchon . 
  just like farmer will not vote left . 
  just like worker usualy vote left/communist . 
   m\u00e9lenchon has never had high percentages of votes in national elections before now he got 11 % in 2012 . 
  this is very far from either low or statisticaly irrelevant . 
   it 's obviously the contrary , lmao , because he got more vote ? 
  those vote could n't be coming from somewhere else right ? 
  like a 6 % ps ... anyway , i think you just dont have what it takes to understand politics . 
  of course it does . 
  i 'm not expecting anything from a r/the _ melanchon contributor . 
  melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
  melenchon has been in politics for 30 years in countless election . 
  stop being in denial . 
  who cares about facts right . 
  so you disrespect 40 % of french voter . 
  very constructive . 
  no shit there is more right wing voting right . 
  the point still stand . 
  a significant part of melenchon voter will vote mlp unlike what they admit . 
  12 % is low simply because most of is historic voter ( worrkers , civil servant ) are already part of mlp 's voter pool . 
  nice respect of opinion we got here . 
  keep going im sur it will work . 
  so you do n't understand their problem ? 
  wow , could it be that my original comment was right ? 
  mind blown . 
  that 's just assumption of your part at this point . 
  well i can give the pseudonym of one pretty annoying . 
  you are trying to make me say thing i did n't . 
  stop living in your fantasy world where you extrapolate my post . 
  or maybe those worker pay social tax of foreign countries that are way lower than those in france making them stupidly competitive and this meme is made for the us that does n't have the same problematic because they have a border ? 
   she 's 48 exactly , macron better be a fucking walking wonder , because 2022 is right next door . 
  mlp is the highest scoring in the 18/24 range . 
  actualy , young love her followed by m\u00e9lenchon . 
  or maybe you do n't understand their problem ? 
  this side of france are the first to get hit by immigrant waves . 
  seine st denis voting hamon , what a fucking surprise . 
  did you tell them their going to the army ? 
  cant wait to see macron revoke the touquet agreement like he said he [ would ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/03/david-cameron-calais-refugee-crisis-francois-holland ) this is going to be 5 fun years . 
  i wish my ass was so accurate . 
   fillon - le pen  m\u00e9lenchon  * 9 president of the vth republic *  is my guess ? 
  ftfy, 
  [ the place in google street ] ( https://earth.google.com/web/@49.42040679,0.23259349,14.17264271a,0d,60y,18.74017067h,85.2980172t,0r/data=ckoasbjcciqwedq3ztazm2e1ztmwzjvkyzu6mhg0mgmxndq4ngziy2vhzjazxmdd_pm1seahhsszeofbzt8qcehvbmzszxvygaegasiachznsv8xd3jpr2xpv0zwluo5bfbycwpbeai ), 
  fuck , that 's pretty acurate . 
  time to start reconsidering my goal in life . 
  what does that mean ? 
  lmao , just the though of it is pretty funny . 
   use the one on their side . 
  i wonder how you guys feel about the \u5909\u614b industry popularity ? 
  it 's a massive part of your cultural brigtness but probably not the easiest one to assume . 
  if you are successfull in the business , would you openly mention it to your friends/family/neighboor ? 
  our japanese fellow asked a cultural opinion , not to experience the emptyness of the debate of pro canabis trying to push for their favorite drug to be sold . 
  if you ca n't understand the last sentence of my previous post , maybe stick to r/france . 
  you 're saying it like he did n't have to govern during the worst crisis in 80 years . 
   sweets and drink alcohol they are both nutrivite food . 
  not the best food , but still food . 
  smoking as literaly no vital function for the body . 
  now if you are going to give absurde extreme example , i 'll just remind you that if you go on the moon or climb the mount everest , you wo n't be covered for the risk , while you are for sweet/tobacco . 
  also , if you go on the everest , that 's your problem , but when you smoke , you share it with your surrounding , you drop half the cigarette ( that we need to clean/retreat ) . 
  that 's totaly different . 
  to some extent , wine is in between and is extremely regulated . 
  but is that a debate i want to do in the middle of europe/japan exchange thread ? 
   you just assumed that if you smoke weed you have to smoke tobacco , which is not the case .
