  it 's so funny to watch you all blame them for playing by the same rule as everyone . 
  i find it pretty . 
  did he said that it was the most beautifull thing of madrid ? 
  are you serious right now ? 
  anything even remotly going the way of le pen is downvoted to oblivion . 
  even my previous post is . 
  you must be trolling . 
  having a majority still implies a significant part do n't agree ( 40 % of french actually ) . 
  where are those 40 % post ? 
  they are downvoted . 
  40 % of french could . 
  people here do n't even know m\u00e9lenchon 's program . 
  because r/le _ macron does n't exist . 
  this sub is literaly a circlejerk pro macron . 
  i have n't seen one negative thread on macron ( thanks to / u/xbettel spamming ) and one positive on mlp . 
  you guys can try to deny it , but this place is a circlejerk pro eu federalist . 
  if you look here , you 'll see the majority of macron 's supporter ca n't either . 
  every single dictature make decision for the `` good '' of their citizen . 
  once a man decide on it 's own to hack the file of it 's country , what ever the reason , you are no longer a democracy . 
  the dude tried to hack the fiscal number of all the citizen of his country . 
  people get thrown in jail for less than that . 
  it just show how far and fucked up some are ready to cheat . 
  seems actualy more fun that this shit show . 
  now watch people that sticked to mlp get shitted on by this sub . 
  it was painful to watch . 
  both were atrocious . 
  le pen seems to underperform . 
  macron happened to be less `` worse '' than her . 
  i just wasted 2h20 minutes . 
  denying that lots of people actually do this is n't really mature either . 
  he disagree with you so he does n't know shit ? 
  brilliant . 
  you take your opinion for facts . 
  bof . 
  i meant `` win your own battle , before meddling in other 's '' . 
  r/europe sound like russia giving lesson of democracy . 
  a big joke . 
   you understand what `` they '' means right ? 
  yeah , `` they '' refers to `` gay people '' . 
  initial subject of my sentence ... and ( gay ) people can adopt . 
  next time you want to sound smart while cashing on the trump hate , make sur you do n't fuck it up by quick replying without properly reading . 
  i 'm merely answering bricateur . 
  i 'm not starting a debate on right equality . 
  wrong , it 's incomplete , but they can adopt . 
  good thing i 'm not talking about far right then . 
  or maybe she is just calling for the conservative vote . 
  marion would not be president . 
  she will merely be a group of pressure . 
  talking about `` confort '' is very far from having a simple opinion . 
  why does it even matter to you ? 
  you have to be the least legitimate for that critic . 
  then why previous mariage ( the one not available to gay ) was n't struck down ? 
  why rich pay more tax than poor ? 
  the `` equality '' principle is bullshit and adapted depending on what you want to acheive . 
  yeah but it sound so nice , regardless of how retarded it is . 
  also , it so nice to have r/europe go all white knight for gay mariage when half of the country here do n't even allow it in their own border . 
  maybe fight your own battle before meddling in others . 
  i 'm laughing pretty hard at all the people that did n't even bother to click on the article . 
  you guys ca n't into french , just like / u/xbettel . 
  the article is n't even about marine le pen , but her niece . 
  you guys got click baited . 
  lots of gay people give no fuck about mariage . 
  for the other , we have decent equivalent . 
  maybe you should spend less time on reddit then . 
  or maybe the exact opposite . 
  we remember very well how shitty it was and russia is the incarnation of how shitty it used to be . 
  varoufakis is pretty much seens as a crook by a significant part of french elector . 
  to be fair , i 'd rather know what ja-rule think of our election , than him . 
  no she did n't . 
  nobody would have care of a speech in a giant meeting of one of the finalist of the election ? 
  are you reading yourself ? 
  being salty is n't giving you more credit , nor saving your face . 
  lmao i like your style . 
  i mean at this point its silly . 
  just recognize that you said something dumb a keep it low . 
   by definition you agree with your political leader since a political party goal is to rule with its ideas and policies because saying stuff like this is pretty embarassing . 
  do every people in en marche !, 
  agree with 100 % of what maccron said ? 
  hell no . 
  ok , i 'll say it again so that you can understand . 
  you work at a trump company . 
  donald trump says some dumb shit on twitter . 
  are you going to quit ? 
  you say [ this ] ( http://www.lci.fr/elections/pour-marine-le-pen-les-propos-de-son-pere-sur-xavier-jugele-sont-odieux-2050455.html ) and keep working because you have bills to pay . 
  again i 'll repeat . 
  she has enough flow that can be attacked rather than going back to the good old ' easy father 's critic . 
   it leaves a mark ... maybe , but will you quit your job everytime a co-worker says some dumb shit on twitter ? 
  that 's the same . 
   so when i say : what ? 
  you mix both thing that have nothing to do . 
  why you try to mix my last sentence with yours ? 
  wtf . 
  that 's two difference sentence , talking of two different things . 
  depend what sins you put on jmlp . 
  if it 's the revisionist sentence , he , ** alone ** , said them . 
  if you blame him for the very existence of the front national , then you 've got a problem with democracy . 
  i 'm not here to try to count who is bad or who had it worse . 
  my point is that 40 % of french will vote for her . 
  those 40 % are n't like jmlp . 
  their are really questionable part in her program .
