  that 's how you inforce law ? 
  the man on the ground get facekicked in front of him and he just push the assaulter away ? 
  that 's not incompetence at this point . 
  foreign affair is consider one of the top 3 minister and it was lead by kouchner . 
   really ? 
  take it from a neutral source . 
  i was in london last week end the dude at dominoes was barely able to speak english . 
  taking my order was a struggle , eventhough i simply asked for a 4for24 # . 
  the staff/kitchen was speaking in polish in the back while i was waiting for my pizza . 
  if you think polish gain nothing from [ insert region ] , then you guys also must accept the same goes for you elsewhere . 
  i gave this exemple but have at least 3 more just from 72h in london . 
  hulot knows what 's up in our countries . 
  i 'm hard core rightist , and it 's probably the only one that i 'd judge capable at it 's respective position . 
  i mean , holyshit , lemaire at the economy , that 's the biggest joke . 
  every single administration he 's been too is currently in a mess ( agriculture/eure/haute-normandie ) and this is coming from a guy that he was deputy for . 
   `` this is a french government like no other , '' said ifop analyst frederic dabi . 
  except sarkozy also had the same type of `` open to left '' government . 
  he did n't worked well , so he quickly got rid of it . 
  nobody said europe should adapt france . 
  he said france shouldnt adapt poland, 
  they arent just truck drivers, 
  using migrant for pressure is exactly what erdogan is doing, 
  french guyana is not an oversea territory . 
  its france . 
  its in the eu . 
  no amount of demagogy will change human nature . 
  why the fuck are israel/australia here ? 
  or you know , very rich and with too little time . 
  whats wrong with hiring pros ? 
  you did good , and i enjoyed reading your story . 
  beautiful city , shame it 's full or parisien . 
  and `` languages of europe '' is written in european ? 
  projection are worth shit . 
  nobody knows what it 's going to happen since it 's a first for france . 
  why `` being outside of eu '' makes any difference . 
  iran is n't in eu and still receive pressure for their nuclear program . 
  japan is not in eu and receive pressure against whaling . 
  your argument does n't hold at all . 
  and that * `` but whatabout the slaughter house ... * '' at the end . 
  nice !, 
  itt : nordics practising mental gymnastic . 
  the unexpected war declaration . 
  that 's because love is just another form of war . 
  she wants people to be put face to their responsabilities . 
  some people think that abortion is a viable form of contraceptive here since it 's so casualy accepted , when it 's not . 
  it 's still an heavy medical act with lots of potential negative consequences . 
  people can disagree , but that 's still one of the ( many ) problem france faces . 
  '' * why people have different priority than mine * '' son , let me tell you ... 
  they got deported for a reason !, 
  slow clap . 
  it 's good . 
  harder views will make decision easier . 
  when doing something painfull , it 's better to go hard and fast , than long and undecided . 
  son , do i look like a estate agent ? 
  so work it out yourself . 
  you think i 'm a douch ? 
  hey , welcome to paris !, 
  10 millions of us are waiting for you . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.bienici.com/annonce/vente/paris-1er/appartement/5pieces/century-21-202_462_37399?q=%2frecherche%2fachat%2fparis-75000%3fcamera%3d18_2.3385294_48.8609009_45_0 ), 
  well , it 's prohibited to do chimney fire in paris now , so ... they are just useless . 
  so you live with no light ? 
  totaly agree . 
  the worse is the sound of the motorcycle that echoes between the building 10 times louder than it already is . 
  a nightmare . 
  it 's nice for the tourist , but terrible to live in . 
  no light , no room for green area , you hear every women of the building walking around in heels , the roof is a wasted place . 
  it was good at the time , hopefully we set the bar higher for the grand paris . 
  i did n't say `` put an international embargo on uk '' . 
  there is a reason why the flux is passing through this way . 
  anything going against it will be at the loss of those who needs it , the british citizen . 
  if food is n't delivered to uk , europe lose money , but uk starves . 
  i know in which side i want to be . 
  the expat you see in london are nothing like the people in the mainland . 
   indistinguishable culturally from native londoners obviously we have different definition of what native londoners 's culture is . 
  that 's the opposite . 
  france gov can shutdown access to english territory . 
  the uk rely on those influx of people/goods . 
  just came back from london this week end and saying it 's `` fine '' is horrifying . 
  nobody in this fucking town actually speaks english . 
  went to dominoes pizza , they were all speaking polish , the dude could barely take my order . 
  it reached the point where mistakes are done because basic english is n't even requiered . 
  that 's clearly not the `` fine '' i 'd like for paris . 
   he oddball here is the native french , who are n't having enough children to maintain their population . 
  they are too busy working 50h/w for their carreer . 
  while our social system make it insanely easy for other to live on the tax of those working , while they just multiply . 
  this is exactly what just happened . 
  they lost , yet reached another record high . 
  he pledged to not be a regular politician ( with all their flaw ) , so you never know . 
  i feel he is going to be more brutal . 
  he seems even more pro-eu than hollande . 
  remember the touquet agreement ? 
  this is going to be on the table . 
  keep reading your propaganda like a brainwashed monkey, 
  dont get your hope too high . 
  this is merely the half time . 
  our press is completely biased . 
  not worth giving room in meeting . 
  they pick a candidate then push him openly, 
  i think its as shitty as r/europe 's involvment, 
  how did he check the email when he cant speak french ?
