  another experience german/french share then . 
  not for us ( medecine ) , although it always helps . 
  the only channel worth giving public support . 
  i though too , then i traveled to the uk . 
  holyshit , it 's 80 % tv-shopping emission . 
  we have a saying in france . 
  * promise engage only the fools that believe them . 
  * also , it 's worth saying that it is ** absolutely not covered ** by fench media . 
  this article is literaly 6 lines based on rumor . 
  news does n't get more shitty than this . 
  like i said , his argument is demagogic bullshit . 
  men are n't blocked ( discriminated ) from being teacher . 
  we just perfer do other shit . 
  same goes for women . 
  this applies * almost * everywhere . 
  even in politic , the macron 's campaign in france had a massive defficit of female candidate and had trouble reaching 50/50 . 
  and it 's not like en marche was pushing them away . 
  that 's like those women complaining that engineer got no women representation , then go study `` art/writting '' . 
  that just urge me to thell them * `` bitch , how about you be the change you want to see . 
  women represent 90 % of teachers . 
  i dont hear anyone calling this discrimination toward men . 
  it would be nice to drop the demagogic bullshit, 
  the ban affect everyone since nobody will be able to wear it . 
  it just happen to affect some more than other . 
  if you might excuse , who is the other one ? 
  damn , we got hit hard . 
  that sub is pretty pathetic . 
  laughinstock ; just like the constant circle jerk going on here . 
  we get it r/europe , they bad , we good . 
  because lemaire is at the economy, 
  all the french will disagree on that, 
  well , i do n't see erdogan taking out putin either . 
   i seriously doubt that . 
  you have to think of the psych behind nato . 
  while north/east heavely value it , the main contributor to it are n't . 
  uk/usa are disengaging out of europe/eu 's policies , france gives absolutely no fuck of nato ( we 'd actualy prefer be out ) and germany could be searching for a more `` local '' alternative . 
  while it 's true that usa/canada/europe will always be the `` west '' , i do n't see that as a strong enough motivation to justify nato . 
  i 'm not saying that nato will die . 
  i 'm saying it might die . 
  so why would erdogan stay in a dying organization that has absolutely no thrust in him . 
  is he even worth the risk of leaking intel to putin ? 
  he might just be our trojan horse . 
  first , the very existence of nato is uncertaint , depending on how things move for the us/france/germany / uk , we might have a nato gone . 
  so he might not even need to leave it , it might just explode . 
  also , turkey is slowly but surely turning back to a regime . 
  if they are ready to throw away democracy , who knows what else . 
   turkey 's been very pro-sunni and anti-shia , whereas russia 's been a friend with iran and syria . 
  that 's a conflict of interests that can be just brushed under the carpet . 
  i 'll admit i have no idea on that , so wait and see . 
  why would abandoning nato turn turkey 's foreign policy into chaos ? 
  it 's not like it would make him an enemy , and if it did , he obviously have another `` lord '' now . 
  the enemy of my `` no longer ally '' is `` a potential ally '' . 
  the sky seems completely photoshoped . 
  we can always move the buffer . 
  i 'd rather funnel money into greece for that . 
  they are allies of convinience , like every single alliance on this planet . 
  russia get access to the mediteranean sea/region , erdogan follows his motto * `` better be 2nd of the empire , than a simple man '' * . 
  turkey turned to russia during the last visit of putin . 
  he probably promised him to back him up ( against europe with the syrian case as guaranty ) in his twist of the local democracy and erdogan went for it . 
  he is long gone . 
  not going to lie , france consider everyone has enemy at more or less degree . 
  this approach solve lots of problem . 
  are you talking to your psychiatre about that proletarial obsession ? 
  i did n't understand at all your post . 
  nobody agreed on anything and made decision . 
  the first major problem ( algeria war ) that needed leadership killed the system . 
  we changed constitution right after from 4th to 5th republic . 
  i figure , maybe if i spam once sentence , his mind will manage to understand the point . 
  french wanted hulot for a long time and he always refused . 
  having him accept is a pretty nice catch from macron , and i 'm saying this from someone that never voted macron . 
   we can just add other fine later . 
  we can just add other fine later . 
  we can just add other fine later . 
  we can just add other fine later . 
  we can just add other fine later . 
  we had a proportional system before . 
  it lasted 12 years . 
  partly proportional . 
  hulot is n't just a tv presenter now . 
  he 's been in politic for a long time . 
  since [ chirac ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgrhr-movbi ) in 2002 , every single president asked him to hold the environment minister . 
  he always refused . 
  hulot was once credited of 11 % vote at the presidential . 
  saying that french appreciate/listen to him would be a understatement . 
  today i learn , interior/justice/foreign affair ministers are n't important . 
  i do n't understand people with your mentality . 
  the goal is n't to fine 40 billions and kill facebook , we can just add other fine later . 
  it was pocket change for microsoft/ie too . 
  and look at where we are now . 
  the international incident started the moment that turk steped on that women 's face . 
  for fuck sake , way to break the fun before it even begins . 
  come uk , we 'll have fun some place else . 
  i heard baltic are hot right now . 
  ma men / u/loulan fighting for the best country in europe . 
  suck it italy , forever n \u00b0 2 !, 
  there is none , from the average joe point of view . 
  nobody asked us if we wanted eastern europe to come in eu . 
  just like nobody will ask us to recrut the last remaining countries of the ex-ussr . 
  just like we are not ask if we want the syrian in . 
  those cops look pathetic .
