  its for the us and the us isnt the subject here . 
  it 's fake press in france . 
  does periscope/snapchat allows to share/make news ? 
  are they a journalist platform ? 
  niether . 
  so wtf are you talking about ? 
  also , lower growth number does n't mean facebook has less user . 
  teen are on social media and cant vote . 
  grown up have better shit to do than facebook . 
  they also learn to read news with classic media before fb existed . 
  i said news as in '' renown tv channel saying straight up lies '' like fox news . 
  who gives a fuck about garbage social network ? 
  i work in medical field with half of my family , at all whole level . 
  everyone agree that the secu is totaly busted and unsustainable . 
  the amount of waste and debt is absolutely insane . 
  just today , i trew 500 $ of brand news medecine to the garbage because the man suppose to received them died overnight . 
  it was billed to his name ( paid by s\u00e9cu ) so we could not reuse it for someone else . 
  it went straight to the trash bin . 
  nice system . 
  you sound like a pissed off teenager . 
  we do n't have fake news . 
  hamon is the social traitor . 
  he was a frondeur and will have it 's fronde . 
  hollande got elected because he was n't sarkozy . 
  french do n't look at program . 
  it 's a popularity contest . 
  too bad you ca n't challenge the man 's idea since all we talk about is his goddamn wife . 
  fucking brit ruining it again . 
  imo , macron could be the last president before le pen takes over . 
  both of them want to switch the debate between socialist/liberal toward globalisation / france first . 
  if macron win then fail his mandate , we are good to have le pen in 2022 . 
  this sub rejoyce of the idea of macron , i 'm pretty sur he is the worse than can happen to us ( except mlp straight in 2017, 
  he has n't given shit . 
  he will share is program end of feb / early march . 
  you are rooting for a men you do n't even know . 
  that 's scary you did n't even realize . 
  what 's funny is that they still do n't get it after all those election . 
  we are witnessing a true vision of stupidity . 
  macron/le pen when to turn the presidential election into a simple question : do you want globalisation ? 
  a new poll show that we are the country the most pessimist toward globalisation [ article in french here ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/conjoncture/2017/02/06/20002-20170206artfig00002-les-francais-sont-les-plus-pessimistes-au-monde-face-a-la-mondialisation.php ), 
  at this level , it 's not leaning anymore . 
  / u/walrup is chocking on melenchon 's dick . 
  too bad quantity vote does n't mean quality vote . 
  how many of us are even going to read the program ? 
  macron has n't even given his , yet people go crazy over it 's pretty young face . 
  that 's not quality democracy , that 's a popularity contest . 
  well , a bitch is n't a prostitute . 
  actualy to be even more accurate bitch = p\u00e9tasse slut = salope a whore = une putain, 
  good job !, 
  in a world where people have super power , it 's yours . 
  not putain paging / u/mafarricu , dont fall for the fake french !, 
  phd does n't mean you are studying english . 
  a phd in medecine use more latin than english . 
  and 90 % of them vote communist !, 
  you are done . 
  you should be running for president . 
  i can picture the discussion : you : '' listen , you are wrong and let me tell you why '' - him : end of discussion . 
   it would be wise to ask what made ukrainian citizens take up arms against the government . 
  russian money . 
  she must love it , because , that type of interview just slide through . 
  her voter ca n't pint point crimea on a map and probably ukraine either . 
  they do n't give a fuck of what happens to eastern europe . 
  if you want to take the beast down , that 's clearly not the way to go . 
  just like attacking her on the corrumption side through europe . 
  if this can save us from another politic topic , i 'll send him the virgin myself . 
  lovely , too bad for the tag . 
  hamon is no better candidate than sarkozy to beat mlp . 
  be carefull who you are asking advice too on the net / u/adlerchen . 
  saying reddit is only leftist would still be an understatement . 
  not really . 
  they just are tired of fighting the circlejerk ( for me it 's different , i 'm relentless ) . 
  if i get stripped from my candidate . 
  i 'm voting for whatever fucks up the boat the hardest . 
  still better rap than most of current production . 
  never forget `` l'ecole du micro d'argent '' . 
  that sound like observation completely biased and proving nothing . 
  every single elephant of the ps got convincted ( beside hollande ) , how many dropped politic ? 
  politic & power put a target on your back . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  you make a couple of friends and lots of enemies . 
  the left likes to have higher opinion of themselves , because they are `` for the people '' . 
  that 's just hypocrits . 
  i can read french media myself , no need to rewritte their story . 
  i can also think for myself too , but that 's not something everyone is able to . 
   his wife doing jack shit you are the one full of shit . 
  you have no element to judge . 
  you are not working for the justice and you run to conclusion . 
  you are no better than the peasant looking for a witch to burn . 
  go back to your field pleb . 
  errr ... we elect more than the president in 2017 ... get real people  les dates des \u00e9lections l\u00e9gislatives de 2017 ont \u00e9t\u00e9 fix\u00e9es \u00e0 l'issue du conseil des ministres du 4 mai 2016 . 
  nothing remotly close ? 
  either you have a short memory , either you are under 4 years old . 
  just a quick reminder , dsk was trial for rape just before his run last election . 
  the circlejerk is real . 
  7 days / u/vahg2eiz take his wishes for reality, 
  just saying , hamon/melenchon is probably the only thing that could make le pen win . 
  also , melenchon want to be out of eu too and is currently in `` talk '' to merge with hamon . 
  be carefull what you are wishing for . 
  i find it disturbing that someone not french pushing for macron so hard . 
  people shit on trump & le pen when they have russia 's `` propaganda '' .
