  because everyone here seems to have it and i do n't . 
  are you all french judge ? 
  lucky you . 
  maybe you should quit your `` job '' then ? 
  or grow up and start to listen/understand instead of being acting like a sarcastic cunt . 
  the type of dude that can put the country in state of emergency and decided a search without warrant , him . 
  he is suppose to be president , not a politician . 
  dude clearly say he will act to interfere in the democratic process against 25 % of it 's country . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  exactly my opinion . 
  does this dude knows he is president and should be neutral ? 
  his last move is to shit on democracy . 
  no problem . 
   french people are not clinically retarded no , [ french are veal ] ( https://www.herodote.net/_images/degaulle_president.jpg ), 
  the french redditor here are communist/heavy left . 
  you are not going to get an honest and valuable answer to this question . 
  if he did n't promise stupid bullshit and french were intelligent enough to spot the obvious lies , the fn would n't have gained all the people that got fucked by the last 5 years of government . 
   i 'm going to save [ insert factory that still closed ] thanks hollande . 
  mitterand , his model , literaly made the fn what he is today . 
  so he is just following the path set by the previous left . 
  mitterand was good for another thing , state level shitting and corruption . 
  this dude is a fucking disgrace . 
  his last duty is to prevent a fair democrat process ? 
  thanks hollande for shitting on democracy and our ability to make a choice . 
  did he also provide the order and juridic calendar ? 
  my point being , he probably did n't need that money to repay the loan anyway . 
  now i 'm not his accounting expert so there is no way to tell . 
  i 'm not doing fillon 's accounting . 
  he was deputy for 13 years before buying the castle , so i guess the bank saw a bankable person , regardless of what his wife was about to earn . 
  also i think most forget that we are talking about elite of the 5th country of this planet . 
  macron got millionaire in one contract ( sale of pfizer ) . 
  money comes and goes for these people at a different speed that what we can conceive . 
  depends what agenda you want to push . 
  but technicaly , the procedure seems ok . 
  it depends on the quality of their `` representation '' . 
  considering we are talking about a big institute i 'd say it should be good . 
  now it does n't consider voter volatility . 
  fillon controls the party and the tresory . 
  jupp\u00e9 can side run , but he can never be the lr nominee . 
  people were also saying that during the primary , change macron for jupp\u00e9 . 
  just saying . 
  he had the castle before ( 1993 ) his wife `` supposely '' started to work for him ( 1998 ) . 
  so it 's not what you are saying . 
  because like a great general said '' les fran\u00e7ais sont des veaux '' . 
  or a 2nd choice . 
  so simply put , `` how much a country can feed relative to it 's population '' ? 
  i have no idea wtf i 'm looking out not can i came up with a conclusion for these data . 
  true , but i higly doubt that it cover for their expense . 
  so all in all , it 's still a cost for us . 
  what happened to the presumption of innocent / u/boolouloubi ? 
  you did n't find a witch to burn ? 
  no problem . 
  it 's not like we will be asking your opinion if the war breaks out . 
  and it would n't be the first time france does n't ask you to put you under the supervision either . 
  all\u00e9 , un petit [ cadeau ] ( https://youtu.be/esy4ksqgw4i?t=4m38s ) . 
  dude , i did n't hear france moving away from your coast even once . 
  we sur as fuck would get the last world for most of it 's military power , unless you start paying . 
  it 's not with your 1.2 % of gdp at 9b that you 're going to have the say on where it 's going . 
  why ? 
  i 'd put in italy personaly . 
  people look at russia but i 'm looking at africa . 
  this is another big source of stress . 
  also , italy pays a good part of the budget , does n't have much eu institution , is well placed to reach africa/asia , has good infrastructure . 
  army 's power to guarante sovereignty disapeared when we created nukes . 
  you missed the point so i 'll make it very clear for you . 
  a small grain of sand can block the whole machine . 
  / u/arenans how many of those contries are called france ? 
  stop trying to copy paste system of other countries to other . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  france and germany so far have controlled their extremist party the best . 
  this is why today , you still have an europe standing . 
  who gives a fuck if denmark tomorow has a bit of extremist . 
  you are advocating for france , one of the 2 engine of this union , to have 37 % anti-eu mp tomorrow . 
  this is not only poor knowledge of our capacity to never find an agreement , this is also dangerous for the future of this union . 
  the composition of our parliament affects europe . 
  do you need a reminder of what happened to ceta in belgium ? 
  having a dose of proportional will mean more fn/communist pm . 
  this is anything but a good move for the eu concidering the current popularity of this supra-national institution . 
  he presented his program , you want us to give him a medal for that ? 
  ca n't believe french were stupid enough to be hyped for a plan they did n't even know . 
  proof that this is a popularity contest and democracy a terrible system . 
  you forget the part where he wants to introduce the proportional in the parliament , making him a weak president that will be block by the new 25 % fn group in the assembly . 
  jupp\u00e9 is a lighter version of the same program . 
  because most of reddit was n't even born back in the 90 's . 
  you want my cb number while you are it ? 
  that 's a nicely filled parliament we got here . 
  i do n't spend my day on reddit downvoting every pro macron post . 
  i have so much better shit to do . 
  im not expecting any respect and not giving any . 
  regardless , kids here ca n't stand it when you are off their pro-eu circlejerk . 
  ca n't have any respect for people like that . 
  you want me to enter your circlejerking . 
  no thanks . 
  this sub has enough useless post repeating over and over the same thing . 
  you did n't need to add another stone to the edifice with this one . 
  pretty embarassing comment . 
  you conveniently forget she can still grow her base and that this story is a perfect way to do it . 
  concerning the lift of her immunity it just look like intereference from eu to prevent her from running . 
  you do n't get it . 
  the law is n't even a problem here .
