  and it 's not the same . 
  like i said some smoke resin of canabis , not weed . 
  so i 'm not `` assuming '' anything . 
  im stating a fact . 
  french smoke resin of canabis . 
  why the fuck are even trying to discuss that ? 
  and why the fuck are you insisting about that shitty debate in the middle of the japan/europe exchange thread ? 
  for god sake , are you already brainfried ? 
  do n't answer . 
  im ** not ** interested . 
  you are bragging about eating dog poop , rather than cat poop . 
  good for you . 
  we consume resin of canabis that requieres tobacco . 
  it 's not a matter of rich or not . 
  are you comparing food with an non essencial drug ? 
  im not here to start the never ending arguing about `` where you draw the line '' . 
  because war is a fun activity that you do in family ? 
  you cut canabis with tobacco , so your claim is pretty much ... well weird . 
  when you smoke canabis , you actually smoke both . 
  we do n't value extreme freedom . 
  also , you always share space so smoking affect surrounding ( human or degrading building ) and since healthcare is free , a smoker impact also public finance . 
  we are slowly doing it , both legaly ( ca n't smoke in public ) and socialy . 
  before , you could smoke in class/plane/table . 
  now , more and more people do n't even smoke indoor at their home . 
  should be banned . 
  we already have equivalent in the medical field and the recreative part is just as negative as cigarette . 
  also people asking legalize it for the tax money have no idea how much it would cost public health in return . 
  ( for those wondering , i charge 4k $ / month a cancer patient it 's 28 pills ) . 
  i mean ... is that really a serious question . 
  now ask if we do have good \u713c\u8089 and the answer is unfortunatly no . 
  want me to teach you how to use google aswell ? 
  i ai n't got time to teach you the very basic of french politic nor do i care . 
  you want to think you are right ? 
  go fucking ahead , be my guest , look like a fool . 
  oh , you 've watch a couple of poorly translated video of him and you are now an expert !, 
  good shit . 
   does melenchon advocate for seizing of the means of production ? 
  yes . 
  except they are n't in one place , and if they 're were one ( and by following your logic ) it would be in uk . 
  so we might as well put it in a country that does n't have much eu institution . 
  perfect comparaison , except the part where we are n't talking about a small company , and we are n't talking about the countryside . 
  thanks but when i want to read missleading comment on m\u00e9lanchon , i go to r/france . 
  1 / you ca n't have the language argument , otherwise you 'd give everything to northen europe . 
  also , since when english became the lingua franca of europe ? 
  that 's not a europe i 'd like to be part of 2 / you pick spanish level of english for the one of barcelona . 
  huge mistake . 
  3 / people move for their job , not the other way around . 
  you come here , trying to teach my political landscape . 
  1 / hamon does n't want to change the constitution 2 / you do n't know it will be more democratic since you do n't have it in your hands and i doubt you even know our current one . 
  because he wants to fuck up the country a bit less than the communist want, 
  she still has to abide by the constitution , unlike m\u00e9lanchon that wants to get rid of it . 
  thanks for doing it . 
  hopefully something educative and civilized will come out of this . 
  damn . 
  how am i going to survive ? 
  i give no fuck about the free school / healthcare in a country i 'm not , even if it 's mine . 
  regardless it 's stupid , what the fuck are they going to do if peopley abroad are n't paying ? 
  come and get them ? 
  that 's just some bullshit move that will never be done , like the 75 % tax of hollande . 
  except for the 250k we throw out each year . 
  ok , now you do n't even make sense . 
   he plans on taxing french people who live abroad and that 's what freaking terrifying if not completely unconstitutional . 
  french citizenship becomes a curse . 
  that complete off topic . 
  why is this even upvoted . 
  you guys really need to read how the upvote/downvote works . 
   you either have information about him personally or are generalising your answer was based on the wrong one . 
  so basicaly , you missed an opportunity to stfu . 
  you see troop movement russian side , so you do the same . 
  in case of invasion , you already are present or about to be . 
  now can russia moves faster ? 
  maybe , but not by much so what matters is :  ( russia movement speed - eu movement speed ) = how late/early we are we would not be weeks/month late , we 'd be a couple of days maximum . 
  i mean , it was a figure of speech . 
  i do n't mean you you . 
  i mean us , french population in general . 
  the line is drawn when one could be the children of the other . 
   they 're both adults and can decide for their own but that 's the point . 
  that was n't always the case . 
  at one moment , one was a little boy and the other a teacher . 
  if she was a he , he would already be in jail for pedophilia . 
  i personaly do n't care , but know lots that do ( not that it 's statisticaly relevant either ) . 
  people at work wo n't vote for hamon because his ears make him look like a gobelin , so for macron , i 'd say it has to impact some . 
  they would n't wait for the invasion to start to move . 
  the planet is rules by territory laws now , so every change in map is a pain for everyone and a risk to see tension rise . 
  maybe you would have had a shot before 19th century or right after wwii , but now , i think you guys are done . 
  you are talking 2nd choice of first round , while the other are talking first choice of 2nd round . 
  new in french politic i see . 
  cheminade president . 
  that 's its time to make a surprise . 
  then what you need to conquer is `` andalucia '' . 
  grenada is an island north of south america or a middle size town in spain far away from gibraltar . 
   cling to outdated ideas because it serves them . 
  i doubt spain would be so reluctant to lose extramadura/baleraes . 
  you are 1/3 of spain gdp . 
  that 's be stupid to let go of cataluna . 
  now you can regret that but if you look at mankind history , we are more grouping than splitting . 
  countries used to be the size of village . 
  i do n't get it . 
  agree . 
  people do n't understand how real life geopolitic works .
