  basicaly , he said '' i 'll build a bridge between europe countries '' and you upvote like brainless monkey do for trump 's wall . 
  you shit on r/t _ d voter but you guys are n't any better . 
  macron in command is n't a bad news for putin . 
  read the fucking article ? 
  you guys ca n't even us properly reddit 's upvote system and you want to vote ? 
  a macron dicksucking meme , as first comment . 
  i swear r/europe , you guys just are n't worth it . 
  so you are handicaped ? 
   le sondage du vendredi 24 f\u00e9vrier en bref : emmanuel macron poursuit son ascension ( +1 ) et pointe \u00e0 23,5 % , \u00e0 2,5 points de marine le pen . 
  lmao we already tried this solution . 
  it 's called , the 4th republic and it was a disaster . 
  http://lepcd.fr/ http://www.debout-la-france.fr/ https://parti-udi.fr/ there are probably more, 
  dlr?pc ? 
  you forget quite a few on the right . 
  yeah , clap with both hand clever boy . 
  will you clap again when you 'll see he wants to introduce the proportional in the parliament . 
  hurt myself ? 
  i could explain it to r/europe , but since you guys are : - r/t _ d level of brainwashed for macron , that seems like a waste of time - ca n't vote anyway , so your opinion does n't matter in the slighest the fact you all get excited over something you have no clue about show how worthy discussing here is . 
  fillon never said he wo n't answer question because of election period . 
  he did answer the question . 
  you are the one that did n't read my comment . 
  so again , why do you lie ? 
  we are talking about france . 
  not eu/efta . 
  also while we have a bigger economic block , we do n't have nearly the political projection of both china/us and again i 'm reminding you , it 's france and france only we are talking here . 
  or what ? 
  why do you lie ? 
  fillon already answered the investigation . 
  i 'm pretty sur you use milk for a shitton of thing , from bakery to cheese . 
  while it 's not the most vital , it 's clearly more that just white liquid . 
  it 's cultural . 
  normandy would be hella fucking pissed if you decided to discard it . 
  granted now , it 's all a mater of negociation and like i said  some adaptation, 
  and they will say '' ok , cya '' while we will slowly turn into a stone age country . 
  look at germany and google news . 
  what leverage france has on other countries ? 
  none . 
  the us is basicaly laughing right now . 
  lmao , this dude has no idea that he critics and praise the same guy within one comment . 
  try to convince a normand to share it 's region 's name . 
  journalist point the northen countries as example , that does n't mean french agree with it . 
  french like their cdi and `` flexibility '' is an insult for most . 
  that 's a bad news for the people using cheap labor in developing countries and for french . 
  we will put ourself at `` higher standard '' than our competitors but also higher price due to higher safety regulation , making our product more expensive and less competitive . 
  moral does n't pay the bill . 
  and you do n't provide context of those number , because obviously , you ca n't speak french and do n't understand anything said in the article . 
  you can fix your debt by starting to stop increasing it . 
   what is unemployement right ? 
  if you get fired or `` quit with the agreement of your boss '' you receive unemployement right/benefit . 
  a % of your previous salary for a couple of month . 
  if you quit , you get jack shit for some reason , forcing people to stay in job they hate or just ca n't perform anymore ( say you need to leave your region to follow your husband ), 
  [ that 's basicaly ditching it . 
  ] ( http://www.leparisien.fr/economie/crise-du-lait-une-agriculture-bretonne-se-pend-dans-sa-salle-de-traite-24-02-2017-6708018.php ) people tend to forget something , agriculture is n't `` some '' industry . 
  with no agriculture , in time of war , your country is dead within 30 days . 
  while i agree on some adaptation , energy and agriculture are still sector you can not let go . 
  that 's exactly what a lot of people ( mainly the soon voting le pen ) think . 
  so / u/wowy-lied perfectly answered the question . 
  it 's shit . 
  not fixing of our debt , nothing on the spending of the state . 
  basicaly it 's hollande 2.0 . 
  the only think i consider a very good idea ( because yes , i did know more than what the article says ) is the access to unemployement right even when you quit your job ( that 's currently not the case ) . 
  the obligation to accept the 2nd job offered to you by the anpe is also an idea , somewhat going the right way . 
  but those two good point are n't enough to make up for the rest . 
   this would not be a bad thing . 
  except the part where france is n't a nordic country ? 
  with different culture , organisation , responsabilities , metrics . 
  yeah , it 's a bad idea . 
  `` letters '' . 
  cute drawing greece . 
  countries in europe have their frontier known down to the meter . 
  thats not the case for europe . 
  i could draw you a picture to explain it to you or maybe you 'd rather a map ? 
  haha . 
  it does n't . 
  the peak is french , except on italian dream land maps . 
  i 'm not trolling . 
  i 'm using a message you will understand . 
  if you can contest every single entity saying catalunia belongs to spain , i can probably contest every single entity saying the border of europe is somewhere around those montain . 
  this is simple , pure logic . 
  even by using a very large conception of europe 's frontier , those montains are still [ barely on it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_%28with_borders%29.svg ), 
   it is widely accepted that catalunia belongs to spain , but hey , you still have people saying it 's not , so i 'll go for my definition of europe 's frontier until you find me an official source saying i 'm wrong . 
  they are the jealous ex . 
  there are n't any official body that set what europe 's frontier are . 
  depends what you call europe . 
  both of the montain you linked are n't in europe . 
   he will be taken advantage of by more rational unless the people adressing him suffer the exact same lack of rationality . 
  you win some , you lose other . 
  while i do n't consider her victory impossible , i think the 2:1 is unrealistic . 
  concerning the easy money part , i try to stay out of drug as much as possible . 
  so , tl ; dr what does that change for norway ? 
  how is this received by population ? 
  any cultural resurection within countries who will `` disappear '' ? 
  what 's the objective of the reduction of counties in the particular case of norway ? 
  france had something similar not so long ago , so we 'll compare . 
  feel free to c/paste me if you already answer some of those question elsewhere in the thread . 
  and that 's why he will fail . 
  france is not anglo-saxon . 
  we do n't want an us democrat . 
  everytime he speaks about his vision of liberal society , he loses points . 
  dude did n't say it was a majority , just that it exist .
