  the same procedure that happened to fillon . 
  no shit it 's partisan , sherlock , that 's called an opinion . 
  that has nothing to do with `` interesting or not '' . 
  it 's on topic . 
  it 's valuable , and should be upvoted , period . 
  way more than the dick sucking comment . 
  [ this sub is r/the _ donald for europe ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zr8sj/macrons_official_program_for_europe_in_french/df0isgb/ ) . 
  pathetic . 
  things is , you have as much intel agency as you have landers , making it very inefficient for us . 
  poland really does n't need the eu . 
  maybe because it 's not a country ? 
  france has a counter espionage unit that cover it 's interest and by extension , european ones . 
  and they could have refuse to investigate , thinking there was no case , which they did n't . 
  so it does mean a lot . 
  there is . 
  27 services actualy . 
  he is under investigation after the anticor requested it . 
  you are n't up to page . 
   http://bfmbusiness.bfmtv.com/france/patrimoine-de-macron-anticor-saisit-la-haute-autorite-pour-la-transparence-1121023.html, 
  that moment when someone is on topic and gives an interesting critic , but r/europe is too dumb to properly upvote . 
  lmao , it 's about god damn time . 
  some good , some bad , some 15y + objective , lots of already done . 
  you just spit non sence expecting to make a point . 
   `` half of fn mps '' yeah so like 1 person . 
  nice way to twist things and show them as more than what they are . 
  you are no better than the fake news people are laughing at . 
  i see now why you are exposed to fake news , maybe you still are in the 13yo demographic using facebook . 
  oh i 'm sorry , did the judge already give the sentence regarding fillon 's trial ? 
  yeah , no . 
  innocent until proven otherwise , ever heard about that ? 
  so you see , your problem is just your shitty source of information/environment/education . 
  i follow a shitton our election and i 've never seen them . 
  if you 've been exposed to this by your environment , consider changing it . 
  enough people to make it to the headline . 
  so probably more than the norwegian population itself . 
  you interpreted it as an insult maybe because you are the triggered little one here . 
  doing it for millenia is hardly an argument . 
  weve been raping women for millenium too . 
  your fault for falling on our own bullshit . 
  the first rule of the dealer ( of moral ) is to never consume/believe in your own dope . 
  your parent never told you `` fait ce que je dis , pas ce que je fais ? 
  call out the one who are fucking up by my book , at the moment , norway . 
  yeah , so i guess most of europe is racist then . 
  i would totaly understand people being shocked over this . 
  lots of french are n't even really happy about the other eating horse/rabbit . 
  no , the article 68 of the constitution already gave him legal immunity , unless high treason . 
  chirac just made it more clear . 
  like i said , sustainable level is not what is debated . 
  anybody that disagree with me is biased !, 
  if you do n't care . 
  why are you even here ? 
  asian have been eating dogs for centuries and look at european 's reaction regarding this . 
  basicaly , you are the asian here . 
  extinction is not what is at stake . 
  it 's the morality of the act and the people making it . 
  if botswana was doing it , nobody would say anything . 
  botswana is not our media 24/7 shown as the bright shiny example of the greatness of mankind , unlike nordic countries . 
  so yeah , you wanted to be an example , you get bashed for the smallest miss step . 
  actually , spilling blood is how you buy a country . 
  want part of france ? 
  send an army !, 
  did you guys fall from the last rain ? 
  why do you think chirac runned ? 
  why mitterand did ? 
  thats not embarassing, 
  because i value blood more than money ? 
  not really xenophobic . 
  my neighboor living under my roof for a time is still just the neighboor and will never own the house . 
  and that 's why you are n't french . 
  different country will react diffently to this . 
  i 'd be embarassed if my president had a public image like this . 
  sarkozy had this style and paid for it . 
  very particular election with about no incidence of the direction of the country . 
  but yeah , granted a vote is still a vote , so i 'll correct myself . 
   why are you not worth the same as someone else ? 
  the whole idea that `` i pay tax so i 'm worth as much as anyone '' is just wrong . 
  we had german in france before wwi . 
  they were paying tax too . 
  paying tax does n't make your worth , otherwise rich  poor ? 
  lmao . 
  stay strong buddy . 
  everyone has to go the shame corner from time to time . 
  that 's not better than the elite politician openly ignoring the average joe . 
  i 'm not even mad . 
  we were probably burning some ourselves with the air controler strikes . 
   people have a right to self determination , fullstop nobody is holding back catalan , the land remains spanish , no matter what . 
  my take a catchy sentence made for individual and try to apply it to a whole region . 
  region do n't have self determination right and that is why we are against the crimea farce . 
  because some shit are not for sale . 
  like nationality . 
  no amount of paid tax will give you the right to vote in france for election that matter . 
  you soon will have no pound to hand over . 
  scotland isnt a huge economic area like catalonia is for spain . 
  who would be stupid enough to let go of 1/3 if its gdp . 
  you want me to finger point it out ? 
  get a fucking definition of both terms and see for yourself . 
  if you are too limited to even do that , do n't bother answering me . 
  also , do it in french since you obviously are fluent . 
  you are n't so great at english either . 
  otherwise , you 'd know the difference between facts and your opinion .
