  ido n't see how your perception of mlp is any more valuable than mine . 
  it 's not because `` you do n't buy her bullshit '' that `` it 's what it is . '', 
   fn has a fucking lot of skinheads , sur the fn as lots of assholes , everybody carries it 's own burden . 
  i 'd say poutou/poisson are off the charts . 
  neither hamon nor mlp are . 
  mlp wants to be out of europe , so what ? 
  melanchon does too and nobody gives him shit for it . 
  like about all the other beside macron . 
  hamon wants retirement at 60 , just like mlp . 
  he wants to break the 3 % rule , just like mlp . 
  his 32h/week is a catastrophy only matched by his mentor aubry . 
  revenu for all and tax of machine ? 
  give me a fucking break , you might as well send us back to stone age directly . 
  am not the only french around , so what ? 
  90 % of the french around are either communist or left and i 'm neither . 
  so yeah , that makes me a unicorn . 
  you do n't like my attitude ? 
  you do n't like me going against your / r/europe echo chamber ? 
  you do n't like me saying hamon is as bad as mlp ? 
  well , i do n't give a fuck . 
  i like how r/europe wants to teach me my country 's politic . 
  i ca n't wait to have 20yo kids living in their mom 's basement teach me . 
  / u/thatguyfromb4 wan na give it a shot ? 
  the pact works to avoid extreme groups . 
  hamon is far left of ps . 
  mlp is a soft far right . 
  they are at the same level of extrem but at both opposite of the scale . 
  this was n't the case with chirac . 
  also , the left did n't have a choice , the whole left was gone after the 1st round , while here , the right wing can sill vote ( far ) right . 
   the ps in general is way closer to macron than hamon so here you are talking about the ps official ? 
  ok fair enough then , i still disagree and my personal perception is that it 's 50/50 but i could be wrong . 
  i 'm never . 
  ever . 
  voting for hamon . 
  his program is just as fucking retarded as mlp . 
   everyone says that they want firm control of the european borders . 
  just for your heads up , the left do n't talk at all of `` regalian '' problem . 
  hamon never said anything about his view on the subject for example . 
  melenchon said we should accept immigrant in his marseille 's speech and his supported [ just slammed him ] ( http://www.liberation.fr/france/2016/09/08/immigration-melenchon-en-mots-troubles_1490156 ) . 
  he change his stance a couple of days after . 
  nobody knows the program of macron , except maybe / u/xbettel ( despite macron saying he will communicate it end of feb ) . 
  i do n't think we can set up bridge between macron & jupp\u00e9 yet ( who had the exact same line than fillon ), 
  a-fucking-men . 
  for those who do n't know / u/lupatine , he considers that anything less left than melanchon is n't left . 
   the ps in general is way closer to macron than hamon , i totaly disagree . 
  the ps just elected hamon instead of valls ( same line than macron ) . 
  the core of the ps is way leftist than the `` ps of government '' . 
  just like the right wing core is way more liberal/conservative ( fillon ) than people expected ( jupp\u00e9 ), 
  i actually though it was made with air injected milk to make it foamy, 
  i did n't remotly implied that they did care about theo , that does n't change that making other potential abuse will just validate protestor 's action . 
  i disagree ( but upvoted since on topic ) . 
  brexit is n't really his fault . 
  if he had stepped in , the farrage & co would have blamed him for interventionism . 
  also , brexit might be the shock eu needed to reform and move on . 
  i 'm actually quite happy of what he did so far . 
  did you read the article ? 
  they are protesting against potential police abuse . 
  if you abuse the protestor , you are just setting up a vicious circle . 
  `` un cr\u00e8me '' sound a million time better than `` caf\u00e9 au lait '' or `` lait '' who is the homonyme of ugly ( laid ), 
  i wont even bother to read . 
  you didnt understand when i said stop spaming . 
  i guess i 'm not the only dumb one around . 
   well , he is not nice argument . 
  anyway , i do n't really know why it 's a concern to you , nor do i care . 
  just stop spamming me . 
  or he is off topic and i have better shit to do than trying to figure what he has in mind, 
  [ you are welcome ] ( https://www.wsj.com/articles/white-house-to-announce-new-policing-standards-1431943381 ) title  obama calls for restricting military gear to local police  in effort to improve relations between police and communities , white house has announced new standards for federal programs in the aftermath of the ferguson protests, 
  just saying , french policemen do n't carry guns . 
  only `` gendarme '' do , and they are military . 
  you see the difference between our police force ? 
  the current state of emergency allow them to carry 9mm tho . 
  me voting against mlp does n't make me a supporter of who ever face her in the 2nd round . 
  in the 1st , i 'll be voting for my candidate and we will be smaller than her voters . 
  i 'm not going to downvote you , but i think there you should a limit to the amount of lie and miss information you are spreading . 
  here , i 'm not talking about the subscriber , i 'm talking about the amount of people voting for them in a 1st round election . 
  mlp is credit of 1/4 french voter . 
  tomorow , when you step outside , and count the number of adult you crossed . 
  on of them will be voting mlp . 
  when i said batshit crazy , i mean that it would not be allowed to happen . 
  while i agree that mass immigration is a problem , legal or not , i would n't put our politician responsible for it . 
  the best weapon against immigration is developing the country of origin . 
  are the french ready to help those country ? 
  alone , hell no . 
  so , we all share the blame . 
  yeah right , what about no ? 
  deportation is the word you just ca n't even maybe , potentialy , possibly think to make happen . 
  the whole country would go so batshit crazy , trump protest would look like a sunday morning walk in the park . 
  i have no idea wtf you are talking about . 
  i 'm just talking about a comment on topic , stupidly downvoted . 
  yes they should n't , but their is limit to what a politician can acheive . 
  it 's not because politician want cancer cured that it will happen . 
  we had bad experience with concentration camps . 
  do you think politician are responsible everything something goes wrong ? 
  europe is n't going to migrant proof just because politic said so . 
  revolution in syria/lybia will happen , regardless of what europe leaders want . 
  the us will fuck up middle east , no matter what our [ politician say ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wx2rs6p3akw ) . 
  what make us view the us as militarized is the amount of gear your cops have . 
  the used gear from previous war , where you cops patrol in hummer . 
  nobody has that in france , even soldier . 
  also , france is more than paris `` intra-mureau '' .
