  you come here armed with that spicy jamon and french smelly cheese . 
  people die from that . 
  then why the fuck are n't you turning it into the german 's versaille . 
  for fuck sake , do something about this castle or we 'll just do it for you . 
  such a waste of superb . 
  especialy because it took this shit for a century , i would clench my butthole at every wave . 
  sounds good to me . 
  fair enough . 
  i would n't have set the marker for `` guttural '' as low as our r but i guess for foreigner , it is high enough . 
  english is french simplified . 
  and french is as latin as a language can be . 
  what ? 
  french is not a guttural language . 
  / u/grofgeschut is prety irreasonably nationalist . 
  carefull what you step into . 
  oh my god, 
   you 're referring to the only time of year where people go to the beach i took barcelona because i lived there ( like 5 minutes away on foot from platja de bogatell ) . 
  like you said , it 's downtown of a massive city and massive city use their downtown all year long . 
  in summer , it just add mess on top of the regular . 
  there is no fatality to a problem . 
  everyonr taking it 's holidays at the same time creating huge and sudden mass of tourism is a problem worth condidering . 
  not only for the local but also for the environment ( see barcelona 's beach at the end of august ), 
  so this is jlm 's face of pudeur de gazelle ? 
  it didnt take long for us to see it, 
  each capital seems to be in the most `` rain free '' area of each country ( france , uk , spain , germany , italie , poland , greece ) . 
  is there a correlation or it 's a simple coincidence ? 
  they could be lucifer , the action speaks louder than the title . 
  and the action seems just fine to me . 
  i dont give much of a fuck of the safety of the port . 
  each capita landed cost 4k to send back, 
   with the ~ ~ knowledge ~ ~ hope we can get it back . 
  the sweet irony of insulting french of communism yet talking about nationalization right after . 
  it 's always a pleasure to trigger the nationalist and it only cost a 6 $ tax cut . 
  best deal ever . 
  also , yes , please skyrocket the value of air france klm share . 
  feels on point to me . 
  did you plug off your national pride before reading ? 
  so vital that you sold it . 
  i know , that would be such a shame . 
  we ai n't afraid about tities , but stat about population group ? 
  and every politician flee for himself . 
  it is a commercial company . 
  just not as much as you guys would want it to be . 
  but you do n't own enough of it anymore to have a say in the matter . 
  now i do n't know how you can buy klm since it does n't exist anymore . 
  but hey , that was a entertaining display of nationalism over a 6 $ lunch tax cut paid by the french state . 
  if you are so jealous of our socialist `` privilege '' the door is always open for more of our fellow european neighbors . 
  i feel like you guys lost the option to go full nationalist the moment you sold your share . 
  next time , control your capitalist pulsion . 
  the only socially unaccepted amount in france is when you ca n't walk up to your car . 
  i wish it was n't illegal to have stat like this in france . 
   you drip pomposity from every phrase . 
  that 's just being french . 
  you should know by now even if you are n't one . 
   why bother because it 's a public discussion and i do n't whatever i want buddy  i 'll do whatever i want buddy . 
  and it seems to be `` sound like a moron '', 
  that has nothing to do with `` french military head quitting '' . 
  you are giving yourself way too much credit/importance triggered little man . 
  i merely back him up when he said you were a moron , and you keep on delivering proof of it . 
  you can keep going if you have nothing better to do of your day . 
  i have no interest for your off topic . 
  eu has a president already, 
  the dgse is n't a cyber army . 
  it works on the net , but far from being an army . 
   must be done after the federation we will have an eu army long before federation . 
  oh , the mom joke . 
  thanks for proving my first point !, 
  macron does n't want an army like the one we used to have . 
  does n't matter if our famas will get rusty . 
  the french army of 2018 will most likely invist in totaly different option : cyber army / eu joint force . 
  no need to be 3 star general to know that . 
  / u/dassinjoe is indeed a moron . 
  but in this case he just reminds / u/historybuffamerican to be carefull with his premade sentences , rightfully . 
  you do n't need to be triggered by his hyperbolic statement . 
  he is n't saying that you have no healtcare , but that you chosed to favor miltary over healthcare . 
  you think the ratio of double is important ? 
  it 's triple in france ( ~ 150 billion in health ) . 
  add on top of this that you have a highly fucked up and overpriced health market and you can understand his statement . 
  we just put one at the elys\u00e9e and this is the first victim . 
  / u/aluciux obviously does n't have kids . 
  it 's real politic though . 
  you do what people want and add as much as possible of your `` personal flavor '' . 
  you lead with the hand that was given to you . 
  see merkel & gay marriage, 
  we have a stock of guillotines somewhere . 
  i can ship some if you need . 
  troll account . 
  i think we can agree a more powerfull eu ( both economic and in solidarity among members ) could have facerolled russia by a total embargo just like the us did to a smaller economic country like cuba . 
  because i think that it needs to be reminded , russia is a small economic power . 
  if they did n't have nukes , they would be everyone 's bitch right now . 
  they are also at their weakest when they are on the receiving end . 
  there is most likely more to this than just , `` insult made her hang herself '' . 
  are you jealous ? 
  sound like high school was ruff for you . 
  i think my first lady is rocking it . 
  way better that transparent julie gallet , trilleur veilleur , cecilia or bernadette . 
  not every one can be carla bruni . 
  my 2 cents . 
  being a sum of culture does n't make you one . 
  if you can be american after a couple of years , that just means it has the depth of a puddle .
