  * not going to add ore on gentrification . 
  / u/sultry _ somnambulist already said perfectly my thoughts . 
  welcome to real life , where politician are n't law making machine , but human people with all the consequence it implies . 
  comment like your are pretty scary . 
  `` it 's just an agency '' . 
  nobody gives a fuck about the 1k job . 
  it 's the power of the decision this agency hold that is at stake . 
  it 's so obvious , i should n't even have to say it . 
  on one side , romania needs part of the power to feel involved in europe ( and should have it ) , on the other hand we should be careful as they may be more easily corrupted . 
  either you buy a property to use it or you buy it as an investment . 
  or you know , just keep it at disposal just for the sake of maybe using it while you are swimming in money elsewgere and give no fuck about the cost . 
  you guys voted out after all . 
  europe is just the fancy name of eu . 
  iberica , wtf are you guys doing ? 
  siesta is n't just for sleeping . 
  good think you said you knew jack about french politic , because calling him out for something he did n't say/never claimed to want , is pretty retarded . 
  at this point , the `` scandal '' are just serving him . 
  the brain dead attempt to find anything juicy at all cost just piss off people . 
  next what ? 
  he asked for extra fries in his big mac portion and the world should know about it ? 
  so he banked money from his adress book . 
  how is this bad ? 
  this is retarded . 
  so nobody is asking so ill do it . 
  who was the super hot chick behind macron . 
  she had me waiting for him to get camera attention all debate . 
  the main party the 18-24 vote is the fn . 
  it does n't mean she has the majority of the vote , only that she is the favorite . 
  they are pro eu , yet vote massively for lepen . 
  suddenly so many people dont trust the poll . 
  when the narrative isnt serving macron you people are just in denial . 
  you guys think she does 26 % by operation of the holy spirit ? 
  the fn does an equaly high score amoung the young population . 
  she is young , she has plenty of time . 
  and this is terrible . 
  macron will never manage to reconcile rural france with globalisation . 
  they are simply two opposite side of a spectrum . 
  and while previously our political spectrum was `` either socialiast , either liberal '' , it now turn to either `` globalisation or nationalism '' . 
  in order to be in the spotlight he turned our spectrum . 
  to be the hero , he created the monster . 
  hegave spotlight to the beast and now mlp will be relevant in the long term . 
  it 's only a matter of time now before the fn get what it wants . 
  imo , italy is just a bit ahead of us with m5s . 
  hopefully he does a wonderful job , otherwise be prepare for a massive lepen vote in 2022 . 
  france would never allow turkey in . 
  like / u/thorbee said , it 's good that we finaly become honest . 
  turkey is back on the dictatorship train , and we are giving them the middle finger . 
  good summary surprisingly neutral . 
  you adapt to your public . 
  his intervention wo n't be mentioned at all in our media , so it 's a free rub for the germans . 
  it 's just his attempt at grabbing some credibility on the regalian aspect . 
  look at him crash and burn . 
  i call bullshit on that . 
  the main interested would answer `` over my dead body '' favorable . 
  he should stop speaking . 
  the more he does , the more he lose voters . 
  ok , the abstention is bullshit . 
  they take the worse case scenario as the one that will happen . 
  they consider that either you are sur to vote and part of the 8205 that will go vote , either you are part of the `` not sur to go vote '' and straight up consider they wo n't . 
  this is a pretty garbage interpretation of reality . 
  also , sample taken online are always poor quality simply because when you target something as large as a 18 / 99 + age range , you reach a moment where people do n't get/can ' t use internet ( the 70 + ) . 
  burried in the comments . 
  but props to you for finding it . 
  where did i claim they were at the same step of investigation ? 
  shit , stop poluting my post, 
  you think i 'm online to suck dicks for the sake of your national pride ? 
  i 'm not a pussy affraid of going against the circle jerk . 
  and while i do n't agree with / u/breaktheloop , it does n't take a genius to figure out his participation is way more valuable than / u/wwwwtotowwwtt with  this is awesome like , who gives a fuck ? 
  go to r/yeurop if you want to suck dicks along side r/the _ donald level of redditors . 
  its participation is way more constructive and interesting than 80 % of this thread . 
  he just critics something that goes again the group masturbation and since you guys are too immature to tolerate a different opinion you downvote , like you are downvoting me right now . 
  while i dont even bother the trouble for your post . 
  thanks sherlock . 
  i can read too . 
  saying its from ipsos isnt how you provide source . 
  it means gestation par autrui , gestional surrogacy , the use of eastern women paid to bear a child for male couple / u/ictp42, 
  good thing that it 's not what he plans to do then . 
  if you want to say something , just spit it out instead of making pointless ... ... 
  maybe because you live in an echo chamber ? 
  where you downvote/insult people that will say they vote fn ? 
  so they do n't even bother with you . 
  on the other side , socialist and communist represent almost nothing but are so proud of themselve , they are yelling their opinion on the roof . 
  they are the vegan of politics . 
  fillon is very anti-gay ? 
  not going full gpa is n't being anti gay . 
  there are various shades . 
  who the fuck think in absolute ? 
  sith and simpleton . 
  30 % would already be an absolute record , but 40 + ? 
  there is something very wrong with that . 
  it 's not something the `` pollster '' have reliable data on and is basicaly personal prediction . 
  one of the reason the anti-eu is rizing is because nothing gets done . 
  problem that `` could '' be sloved by a multi-speed eu . 
  wtf is this garbage ? 
  they forecast 40 % abstention ? 
  where are your data ? 
  we never had more than 28 % abstention . 
  i call bullshit on this . 
  shit you are just poluting the comment . 
  anticor did it 's own investigation and requested an official one that was accepted by the `` haute autorit\u00e9 pour la transparence de la vie publique '' .
