  why lie ? 
  why make so much propaganda, 
  i doub we even have a thing call defcon2 . 
  this isnt the usa . 
  unfortunatly we dont produce them on demand, 
  and thats exactly where the sarcasm of my initial post kicks in . 
  also because , fuck english, 
  affraid of answering i see, 
  i have better shit to do of my life than review thousand of email for a dude i wont even vote for . 
  also you cant read french , and you openly lie that you reviewed them . 
  are you paid for that propaganda ? 
  lmao you are so biais . 
  what is your word even worth ? 
  paris has the highest mix of population . 
  no shit they arent into fn, 
  both of them are falling appart as we speak . 
  the coming weeks will tell, 
  she willaim to gain strengh during this 5 years as main opposition leader, 
  yes providing him a true foreign experience . 
  you are welcome for the advice, 
  french study english for 8 years then a 2nd language for 6 more years . 
  thats not optional and you cant drop either , both being at your final exam in high school and mandatory for college . 
  your definition of massive is pretry laughable, 
  mqssive program . 
  what a joke . 
  you study 3/4 years then drop it . 
  cut the bullshit . 
  and why not ? 
  of course we will . 
  you realize france is at the median in term of foreign spoken language . 
  way ahead than brits . 
  we speak many languages . 
  just not with tourist, 
  getting scared ? 
  maybe you should have paid attention in foreign language class !, 
  uk clearly was an inside us job . 
  hopefully with trump , and more eu integration , that 's going to change . 
  you think we 're going to fight for english once you 're gone ? 
  you are so delusional . 
  watch slavic countries fight for your spot and push their own language . 
  eu will build it 's identity base on the one participating . 
  you know who else as a massive english speaking program and a language that share 60 % of the vocabulary with english ? 
  france !, 
  and look where we are , perfectly fluent . 
  is that what the article is about ? 
  it 's about `` losing importance '' . 
  not `` what 's the most spoken '' , you guys find any reason to get triggered . 
  seems like you guys are n't that fluent in english after all . 
  china gives no fuck of your view of the lingua franca . 
  if it was up to them , that 'd be mandarin . 
  the biggest english speaking group leaves the block , yet your wicked logic manage to think `` it 's going to increase it 's importance '' . 
  the biggest pressure group pushing english is leaving the eu . 
  what else do you need ? 
  i mean , ... holy shit sometime you guys are frightning . 
  just as far as english . 
  so , no where . 
  what a load of bulshit . 
  you guys sur have funny ways to rewrite history . 
  that the circlejerk is pro islan , duh . 
  she is anti eu . 
  not anti-european . 
  but hey , stick to math , words does n't seems to be your strong suit . 
  so we can post the same news multiple time and break the sub rules ? 
  slow ? 
  how is this related to his critic that this whole sub is only sucking macron 's dick ? 
  you seems to be the slow one here . 
  then you are fucking blind . 
  look is getting downvoted here . 
  that 's not the pro-islam comment . 
  i 'll be in england , and both of them can go to hell . 
  are you trolling or just completely dumb ? 
  i wrote this comment 50 minutes ago , he was the highest replied comment at that time . 
  it was when i wrote mine , 35 minutes ago . 
  even know he is tied at 6 . so you are objectively retarded . 
  i 've read enough of your stupid shit . 
  his comment has the most answer of the thread ... 
  last time i checked , ireland was n't norway . 
  different country , different problematic . 
  also , norway is at 22 % , not exactly 12,5 .     everyone thinks their country is a `` special snowflake '' exactly where idiots are wrong . 
  i 'd love to watch you do that then apply for an associate membership while still having tax heaven policy . 
  when will anyone understand on this continent that their country is n't a `` special snowflake '' ? 
  those thread stinks . 
  french give no fuck about what retire ( or even on the job ) politician 's opinion . 
  ca n't fight what you ca n't even listen . 
  that 's pretty low no ? 
  and you get to set what is and is n't right ? 
  nice cocktail you have here . 
  we = europe . 
  others = usa/china . 
  or a safe space where people actually acept other 's opinion and not give upvote/downvote like if it was good / bad point to punish people they disagree with . 
  naive people like you are the reason why eu get so fucked . 
  everyone promote free trade and low barrier , except we are the only one doing it . 
  only the idiot follow the rules . 
  anti eu feelins is n't only in france . 
  it 's all over the place . 
  so  40 % of french who support le pen ? 
  no idea , but this is n't a subreddit for france anyway is pretty wrong . 
  now like i said stay in your circlejerk , if you are n't interested in confronting your idea with people with different view . 
  basicaly , stay in r/europe . 
  they want to change the rule , not be the only one to abide by them .
