i know monaco 's team is pretty strong at the moment but already calling the number of injured seems premature . 
  i 'd say the exact opposite . 
  most of redditor were n't even alive though . 
  the socialist used to have many more candidate running for president . 
  depends what you consider . 
  number of candidate , or hate toward each ideology . 
  because fillon 's voters hate more than anything public spending and hamon went full retard on this topic . 
  at least with melanchon we are in `` known '' territory . 
  shitty territory , but still better than what hamon could make rain down on us . 
  now to be fair , choosing hamon or melanchon is like asking if you want your right or left harm to be cut off . 
  it was a simple question , yet you did n't answer . 
   why would spain spend more money on the military when , as you said , it has n't been threatened bcause it could soon be . 
  reste \u00e0 ta place . 
  you ca n't make 2 sentence without insulting someone of a different opinion as yourself ? 
  did you read the rule of this sub , or you need me to translate them to you in french maybe ? 
  paging / u/moderatorsofeurope in case you need someone to spell it out for you . 
  we 'd be speaking russian if we did n't spend those 3 % back them . 
  when was last time spain got threatened despite having no nukes ? 
  it 's not about nukes . 
  / u/23powerz is just trolling . 
  he is n't dense , he is retarded . 
  why ? 
  do you cherry pick what you want in your country too ? 
  are you asked if you want to pay tax ? 
  if you want freedom of speech ? 
  you pay/take it all and nobody ask you shit . 
  when you get the same score as your opponent , you call that `` destroy '' ? 
  was hamon `` destroying '' melanchon in the poll one month ago ? 
  do n't get too excited now that the poll are favorable to you , that 's embarassing . 
  we are n't talking about that `` scale '' of time . 
  the us care about europe since 60 years . 
  only 60 . 
  nobody can predict how it will be 40 years down the line . 
  are we running for president ? 
  wtf ? 
  why would the us care about eastern europe . 
  you guys are crazy to think us geopolitics is set in marble . 
  you asked for it . 
  maybe you should have tried to fix the pipe before cleaning up the leak . 
  the blame is n't on the knowledge of a foreign language . 
  you missed the point . 
  bbc has english translator . 
  brits learn french in school . 
  yes , exceptionaly . 
  this guys is n't . 
  yes . 
  he is the representant of the country . 
  if we wanted some liberal english man , we would have elected tony blair . 
  da fuck you are talking about . 
  it 's too much to have your potential president speak your language ? 
  he is a candidate to represent the french outside france and he talks english . 
  facepalm . 
  am i running for president ? 
  ca n't wait to have macron in place to actualy have a man standing for us / s, 
  da fuck are you talking about . 
  did i claim we were the good guys ? 
  why are you even bringing that up ? 
  those are rethorical question , i actualy do n't give a fuck about your asnwer . 
  lmao , wow . 
  you are naive and uneducated . 
  at this point , that 's dangerous . 
   there has n't been a major military confrontation between major powers for over three decades and why is that ? 
  could it be because we are massively armed ? 
  could it ? 
   the last conflict where a western country got its homeland invaded is wwii ukraine would like a word with you . 
  also , who said i was refering to the western world . 
  china 's neighbor are invaded constantly without saying a single word simply because china would fuck them up . 
  he fucking speaks in english . 
  just , what . 
  the . 
   `` marine le pen is unable to protect that value of this country '' the irony . 
  well at least she speaks and promote our language . 
  naive people and peace lover die fast in this world . 
  this is n't saying anything . 
  you gave the cost , not how it 's financed . 
  where is this set up ? 
  is this 1 month 24/7 or just a one month summer class . 
  what happens to the hundred thousand that will refuse to join ? 
  this just an idea he threw to give himself some credibility and then forgot asap . 
  just like he said the touquet agreement will be stoped . 
  just like his mentor said he will tax at 75 % . 
  this is quick bullshit , engaging only the idiot that believe it . 
  objectivity is not an unacheivable task . 
  you are n't even throwing a doubt or critic . 
  you are just straight up campaigning . 
   our typical major parties are being absolutely destroyed by outsiders i mean , this is straight up bullshit . 
  so that 's it , melanchon is at 18 % so he is king for the world ? 
  calm down . 
  he is just ahead in poll , like always before falling flat . 
  there is . 
  you are just not capable of delivering . 
  `` fairly '' , lol . 
  we obviously do n't have the same definition of fair . 
  it 's just that you guys are feeling a bit unconfortable outside r/france . 
  what will happen when you leave reddit , go back to real life and realize 1/3 of the people you pass by vote mlp . 
  totally . 
  no need to ask who you would be voting for ... 
  he is very vague on about everything . 
  / u/ypallage is just dick sucking . 
  simple example , he said he wants to reintroduce military : how , when , who pays , who is concerned ?
