  i have the exact same bar as in / u/guscaesar 's video , and i ai n't even living in paris/bassin . 
  i 'm glad you ca n't vote in france . 
  with the level of knowledge you have in the subject , that would be very worrying . 
  he has n't even declared his absence of program yet . 
  you think he can still hold 60 days ? 
   betting itself would serve as a feedback signal to the bookmaker . 
  could it be betting is an known adictive behavior , pushing individual to forget any basic of logic/rationality ? 
  by calling macron a far left politician , are n't you doing exactly the same thing you are pointing out in your comment ? 
  dude probably never left the intra-mureau . 
  except no . 
  jm le pen was amoung the best you could find to debate . 
  people feared entering in a verbal battle with him because they were never certain of where it could lead , while he gave no fuck if his words turned controversial . 
  [ it 's the same with the daughter ] ( https://youtu.be/jexqo9pcgoy?t=12m39s ), 
  shit you are tempting me . 
  save france , or get a new car . 
  mmmh, 
  she is n't either . 
  she wants to reduce it to 10k entry maximum above leaver . 
   this is n't about things like culinary culture or prefered types of culture , aka subjective things . 
  everything is subjective , even slavery or human right . 
  those value means shit as soon as you leave the western world . 
  if you do n't want your politician to bow to other 's , they will stay home . 
  that 's the opposite . 
  le pen is left on social stuff and similar on economics . 
  she is not against abortion . 
  / u/gileshenderson read carefully the 12 words i typed in my previous comment . 
  where did i say x is correct and y is wrong ? 
  you push your conclusion and labeled them like i came up with them . 
  now my though is that none of both sub are a worthy representation since both omit at least 55 % of the voter who are the right wing . 
  or that they know jack shit about foreign political system . 
  margins of errors are the same for all pollster so it should n't explain why she is 4 % all other poll made by reputable french institute . 
  because this poll is garbage , that 's why . 
  to put that in perspective , 8/10 le pen voter are already certain who they will vote for . 
  french dude ca n't pronounce it 's mother tongue it seems . 
  then do n't come , simple . 
  if you disagree with what they are doing in your core principle , why even bother moving to rome ? 
  so if a saudi comes to europe with his slave for vacation , that 's ok ? 
  not in my book . 
  you see , that 's the limit of your argument . 
  you ca n't comply with the law depending of the amount of time you are in the country . 
  so like / u/19djafoij02 said , in rome , do as romans . 
   ur culture of not forcing women to wear pieces of clothing they do n't want is superior , fullstop . 
  that is exactly what all extremist say . 
  if born in isis territory , ask yourself what you could have become . 
  you did not answer the question . 
  this sub itself is macron 's brigade . 
  while r/france is running for melenchon . 
  how much are you ready to bet on this ? 
  holland voters are with macron , hamon just get what his movement represent . 
  ok u asked for it, 
   surprising change for a worse end rather than good one shit , i 'm already sold . 
  why did i never enjoy that !, 
  i would n't call it better , but it sur is catchy . 
  the sweet ironie . 
  but ... but it was to screw over the brits . 
  it does n't work if they are already screwing themselves !, 
  i have no idea who they are . 
  i do n't follow you here . 
  are you seriously trying to teach me french and france 's system ? 
  ok this is beyond moronic at this point . 
  [ the only viable voice ] ( https://youtu.be/zxis8u3tpxy?t=1h3m20s ), 
  i basicaly live next to their village . 
   in the right-wing they are rewarded and applauded apparently . 
  pasqua , chirac , jupp\u00e9 , brice hortefeux , g\u00e9ant , rachida data , [ pending sarkozy + fillon ] all juged and found guilty . 
  but hey , circle-masturbating is so fun , please , keep going . 
  le mr te dit que t ' y connais que dalle . 
  the amount of dumb shit running on this sub . 
  guys , just stop it with the french politic/history , you guys are just embarassing yourself by upvoting stupid stuff . 
  ~ ~ the worse is that / u/eejiteinstein is french , holy ~ ~ nvm . 
  we can go deeper into that , but i doubt the public opinion will . 
  if the average french see a `` corporation '' suing them , they will just be very pissed . 
  itt : very `` smart '' people that cant do shit against this problem, 
   who does n't know how finances go in your own house ? 
  about every couple on this planet who split the task . 
  just like i do n't know what 's on the menu for this week and she does n't know since when [ insert part of the house ] as been maintained . 
  i 'm not saying it 's her case , but her defense is totaly viable . 
  studying finance does n't make you omniscient of every finance running in your couple . 
  no company can sue state . 
  look at the cigarette ban in public space . 
  no cigarette company said anything because they can not . 
   ceta will give more power to companies against the state . 
  the moment something funky happens ( company win over a country ) , this is going to be a giant shit storm . 
  mont santo / redbull tried us and it did n't go well . 
  those would fall under cover up . 
  let 's not mix up state decision and personal corruption scandal : nuclear test and karashi retrocommission/cover up . 
  also , i 'm not dick waving on who of the left or right has it worse . 
  the conclusion is that they all have things to hide . 
  you do n't reach top of world 5th power by being mr nice . 
  except mitterand 's mistress/hidden child were paid by the government along with the silence of the media who all knew , just like they knew for dsk sexual habits . 
  also , rainbow warrior , contaminated blood , amiante , tchernobyl cloud , `` small stuff '' like that , but that 's not the subject . 
  granted for hollande , when you are that stupid , it 's hard to be a croocked politician . 
   sarko with his too many to count affairs . 
  and now fillon with his fake jobs ... we 'll see when they get sentenced , if they ever . 
   contrary to this poll depends from what you compare it too . 
  if you look at france , those number looks like z is more conservative . 
  current volatility of voter is huge . 
  absolutely nothing is settle right now . 
  major port of entry . 
  near the north africa at the south , or worse , the brits at the north . 
   ( he was elected in the first round of the regional elections ... lol ... he 's basically untouchable ) .
