  you have a weird definition of innocent . 
  i think you do n't know what is terror . 
  also we are n't really looking for forgiveness either . 
  you guys live in candy world or what ? 
  you think i 'm going to feel bad for the death of one dude 32 years ago . 
  we did n't get that permanent seat at the un because we are polite and friendly dudes . 
  we did/are doing/will do way worse . 
  we were sentencing to guillotine people not even 5 years prior to that . 
  i think the whole crew got lucky not to be nuked . 
  except for us it was in our country . 
  so we do n't need nz opinion on it . 
  the flotilla did n't cancelled the testing . 
  the public fiasco of the operation did because the pressure of our opinion ( not others ) , and only until the next government . 
  if further protest would have happen the headline would just have been * `` activist invade restricted french nuclear area and get toasted for it '' * . 
  im starting to question your sanity . 
  did you even read the link you provided or you are just randomly throwing shit , hoping that it proves your point ? 
  let 's be clear . 
  it 's not . 
  do n't send activist in high security area of foreign nation if you want to keep them safe . 
  the moruroa island is french and we do what ever the fuck we want in our country ( and yours as it seems ) . 
   protesting in foreign waters except no . 
   she then travelled to new zealand to lead a flotilla of yachts protesting against french nuclear testing at the moruroa atoll in the tuamotu archipelago of french polynesia . 
  during previous nuclear tests at moruroa , protest ships had been boarded by french commandos after sailing into the shipping exclusion zone around the atoll . 
  for the 1985 tests , greenpeace intended to monitor the impact of nuclear tests and place protesters on the island to monitor the blasts . 
  the french government infiltrated the auckland offices of the organisation and discovered these plans . 
  if you want to keep your citizen safe , do n't allow them to go to our nuclear test site . 
   france is now shutting down reactors because of nuclear scare what the fuck are you saying ... beside the fact it 's totaly wrong , how is this even related . 
   blowing up paradise 3000 km from new zealand because we do whatever the fuck we want in our country ? 
  like i said ( if you read ) , i do n't consider it ok for foreigner to come to other 's country to protest . 
  protest all you want in your country . 
   it is okay to bomb protesters try to explain how it 's ok for foreigner to come protest in my country ? 
  sinking the ship was a lesser evil , compare to nuking them during the test . 
  and your comment is increase so much the quality of this sub 's content . 
  to be fair , they were on their way to an illegal protest . 
  they would have been nuked making it even less confortable for us . 
  [ i 'm pretty sur he is . 
  ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/politique/article/2017/06/27/manuel-valls-quitte-le-parti-socialiste_5151594_823448.html ), 
  fuck , you guys are savage too with your politics . 
  i shall educate you that [ chirac has a brilliant english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=304uhize01c ), 
  lmao , that sentence also had me smh . 
  a behemoth is only as big as you let him grow . 
  the only thing stoping a behemoth is another one , and i 'd rather have this one from europe than china / india . 
  splitting like that the union look like a way to never put it back together . 
  not a good idea to split germany & france . 
  i 'm pretty sur the part where we do n't nuke your ass is good to take . 
  people too often forget that the main role of eu is to preserve peace and small countries from being reckt by colateral damage from the big 5 . 
   people have the utmost right to body autonomy and until they are adults parents carry that right for their children , not the state . 
  you know that it 's totaly wrong . 
  nobody is asking you if your kids want to put its sit belt on . 
  the state will force you to make him wear it . 
  and it works both way ( allowing/disallowing ) . 
  if your parent put vodka in their baby 's milk , they will be fucked by the state . 
  also it 's misleading regarding the reality . 
  the btc is out of stock since about 2 years in france , since the pharmaceutical only sell the vaccin containing more than those 3 . 
  so basicaly we are already been vaccinated more than requiered , simply by the pressure of the offer in the market . 
  then make us lie ? 
  so far , we are 47 % right . 
  you realize that for us , answering `` no '' to the question is penaly punished . 
  so when you seems to be happy about your `` very good score '' , that makes us unconfortable . 
  once you are in , looking out the view is amazing . 
  but when you are outside looking at them it 's ugly as fuck . 
  once again , they are completely wrong . 
  the biggest mistake was the sunny sky . 
  how can you fall for that one . 
   other useful things to do , like reading up on the laws you know that even if that was true and it most likely is n't , that would n't excuse the absence . 
  your school does n't make you attend class and while expecting you to study for your exam . 
  either they need time to study the law , either they should n't invite a head of state . 
  now lets be real , they were most likely chilling somewhere sunny thinking about their next career step . 
   has better things to do also ; i do n't think their is something more important than listening to a head of state , be it macron or hilda heine . 
  for christ sake , 5 % of the parliament showed up . 
  where were the 720 other mps ? 
  it 's not only disrespectfull for the marshall islands , but also to every one paying for their ( the parliament ) shit . 
  why the fuck am i paying tax for that ? 
  why do i have to show up at work for them to be exempt ? 
  juncker standing firm with this look would have make an historical photo . 
  his critic is spot on . 
  we ca n't have an eu like that . 
  so you 've never been to the eiffel tower ... 
  two bad dont excuse themselves . 
  errr where is the eifeel tower ? 
   the representation weight should not depend on economy strength of the member states . 
  ok this is never going to happen . 
  by `` improving the process '' i hope they mean , less cost , paperwork , politics . 
  it 's not like we are asking . 
  time to finaly get jersey and gernesey . 
  200k is 0.4 % of french voter . 
  i do n't call that `` many voters '' . 
  on top of that , it was 15 years ago . 
  this year 's election , ** nobody ** was planning to go against abortion in any form beside poisson , who did less that 1,5 % . 
  i think you are just drawing trend out of your ass and personal perception . 
  maybe you live within a traditional environment , but that does n't make it the case for the rest of france . 
  haha good one . 
  that 's not being homophobic to have a conception of mariage that does n't include lesbian & gay . 
  i hate that trend that labels you as `` worse than hitler '' as soon as you go against some minorities ( jew , gay , muslim ) interest . 
   and then claim it for herself '' . 
  she just litteraly said the opposite . 
  how can you possibly come to this conclusion . 
   she seems to lack any true convictions . 
  she just show her conviction right here and stood for it despite its unpopularity . 
  i just do n't get how your logic works .
