  macron is a copy paste of hollande but did n't comment on this . 
  fillon judge that france breaks the european solidarity  direct . 
  it just reached the news and frankly , at this hour , people are more worried with interesting stuff , like cream or no cream in the caf\u00e9 . 
  rally is the last thing we found to make people exercice . 
  especialy those kebab eater . 
  this will probably decrease coronary accident by 10 % . 
  that much saved on healthcare . 
  thing is , i already have a culture for myself . 
  when i get shoved a dick down my throat , i 'm not bragging for taking a 30 cm sized one . 
  so good on you for choking on a big english one , not sur you can brag about it though . 
  of course you are good at english , it 's not like dutch is going to lead you anywhere anyway . 
  not getting salty , that 's for sur . 
  pretty funny how you call them out on their dutch . 
  how about i try your french , see how ridiculous you are . 
  that moment when you get salty for a map , calling out your fellow citizen for this . 
  on the embarassing scale , i 'm pretty sur you would have reached 4th too . 
  because you ai n't going anywhere with only finnish as a language while you can somewhat survive with french . 
  same for english kid , why bother learn another language . 
  country with a culture , country with a borrowed one . 
  holyshit i just realized / u/xbettel is a r\u00e9f\u00e9rence to the prime ministre of luxembourg, 
  he is merely saying a classic expression de have in french, 
  the french president is way more powerfull within his system than the us counterpart mostly because our `` congress '' gives the president the mean to acheive his program . 
  because french will still be in it and we ai n't letting them pass this time . 
  we do n't have for objective to cover the whole territory . 
  islander are always weird . 
  ( eat this uk ), 
  looking at fellow french citizen being out sarcasmed by muricans . 
  feelsbadman . 
  forest and fields . 
  that 's no problem . 
  we are n't meant to crawl under every rock of this land . 
  for sur i can . 
  he scored during the primary who mostly had old people voting . 
  he then went on holiday and then spent his time organizing it 's party to campaign . 
  right after that the pg happened . 
  he did n't do meeting with `` average citizen '' . 
  you saw a couple of poll showing him at 28 % after his primary win , so you took them for `` meeting '' . 
  they are not , and you are saying bullshit . 
  diversity ? 
  you guys are so young , you never live the time where left and right had more than one serious candidate running for the first round . 
  we used to have lot more of diversity . 
  i have bad news for you pal . 
  beside macron , every single candidate is somewhat against a stronger europe if not europe at all . 
  most of the answer are pretty shameful , washing leftist more than left . 
  this comment is so inacurate . 
  you should really look outside of reddit to get information . 
  who the fuck call fillon the french tatcher ? 
  clearly not us . 
  that 's the complete opposite . 
  he attacks macron so in his hunting right leftist and has a non aggression pact with melenchon . 
  his hunt just does n't bring anything to him . 
  add on top that he was amoung the last to enter the race , and after that waste plenty of time for negociate with the green / and fail with the communist made him campaign very late . 
  plus , his political line is too left for a good chunk of his party that prefer to just drop him and join macron despite making the oath face camera that they will stay loyal to the socialist . 
  wtf you mean by `` able '' , you mean `` willing '' and the number is n't 60 , it 's overal 80 + %, 
  those number means shit . 
  macron has the least loyal voters . 
  one bad move and he will lose a lot . 
  meanwhile , mlp could proclaim the 4th reich tomorow and she will still do 25 % . 
  the campain is slowly starting . 
  nothing is set . 
  but i guess r/europe needs it 's daily load of macron euphoria and meme comment . 
  he always scored high in this demographic . 
  it 's not `` since penelopegate '' . 
  they are simply in different league , that 's why she has nothing to win to punch below and wo n't bother with him . 
  interesting , i do n't have more will/time to look it up deeper but they `` seems '' to have done their homework . 
  how much credit can you give to those data for the us ? 
  i 'd say about none . 
  those words mean shit in french, 
  except lots of melenchon voter are closer to the fn than hamon . 
   simply because the france = !, 
  sweden . 
  nothing last forever pal . 
  nothing . 
  the justice is not independant in our country . 
  judge are scholed by the garde des sceaux who is chosen by the president . 
  she is totaly right tho . 
  it 's stupid to say a thruth is wrong just because she said it . 
  melanchon and poutou would hang the `` patron '' with their guts if they could . 
  they are no better , but nobody seems to bother about them because in france if you are rich , you are expected to hide . 
  how are they different ? 
  the abstension will still be off the charts compare to a regular election . 
  why do you analyse france base on swedish example ? 
  you ca n't copy paste situation simply because the france = !, 
  sweden . 
  read again . 
  properly this time . 
  i did n't say `` hardcore communist '' . 
  you did . 
  so who hyperbolize here ? 
   all of which would be more or less threatened under a le pen presidency . 
  says who ? 
  how about you let democracy happen . 
  since he won the election and is suppose to represent all the french . 
  not just those who voted for him ( well , in fact he did n't even represent those who voted for him ) . 
  he is not a politician . 
  he is a president . 
  what comment are you refering to ? 
  how does it knows they have a shared account ? 
   it 's rare to see a case where someone is so clearly stealing taxpayer money . 
  does that dude as the element of the process ?
