  m\u00e9lanchon wants to get rid of the constitution . 
  he could put whatever the fuck he wants , no limit . 
  no constitution ? 
  ok , no parliament , here we go . 
  he could set up a cuba in europe . 
  you wo n't get anything worthy here . 
  / photo prise le 14 avril 2017, 
  25 % of mlp voter would vote for melanchon for the 2nd run . 
  the voter who used to vote m\u00e9lanchon are now voting mlp . 
  if current m\u00e9lanchon voter spit at the face of mlp voter , they would still glaaaaadly accept them back . 
  the thematic are similar , like the spirit `` out of the system '' . 
  too bad you are n't doing that here . 
  the eletoral communist base of melanchon is composed of the worker/employee . 
  who are both of those demographic voting for right now ? 
  so what ? 
  why the fuck use nato protocol when you already have bi-lateral protocol . 
  also , 5 years down , france/italy , could be out of nato or nato simply gone . 
  fillon and macron wants to create an european defense and less involvment in nato . 
  if you want source , look it up yourself . 
  damn , you 're going to take a slap when you realize who perform best amoung the 18-24 then . 
  i 'll be here all day if you need me , teaching scrub the unexpected . 
  every single candidate to our election wants to get out of nato . 
  i would n't give much credit to the nato argument for france for a binational crew 5 years down the line . 
   we 're talking about the french military , who participate in nato exercises we also participate in excercice outside of nato . 
  if you watch the poll , we are not . 
  pretty salty i see . 
  might as well wish for snow in summer . 
  ohh you !, 
  you didnt like that map pointing uk somewhere in belgium . 
  which ex part of ussr have name in `` stan '' ? 
  kazakstan or turkmenistan arent on this map, 
  since when french give a fuck about nato ? 
  are you dumb or doing it on purpose ? 
  you just confirmed exactly what i was saying . 
  you are cute . 
  where did i say i was talking about the 2nd turn ? 
  try again . 
  maybe you need a reminder of how things worked under mitterand ? 
  or maybe you are just to young to actualy know how it used to be . 
  if anything , justice is very active since chirac , then sarkozy with yet anything to find . 
  so yeah in other word , stfu . 
  so they are n't really m\u00e9lanchon voters . 
  maybe because our union are just a bunch of lazy fuck with retarded mentality opposed to anything , discussion included . 
   5 % registered and talking like they are the king of the jungle . 
  french president power in our constitution is way higher than yours , even without majority , but it does n't matter for melanchon since he does n't even plan to stay in power more than the time to `` rework '' the constitution . 
  the wording you are looking for is `` project fear '' . 
  you can try to give `` alternative fact '' but it wo n't change melanchon and le pen have the same voter . 
  getting 50 % vote in a troll election where fillon is framed is one thing . 
  getting 50 % vote in all legislative of france with both right/left already set up in local area is another job he wo n't pull off . 
  you could totaly use doj as an economic weapon to wreck our company . 
  in this case , ww was wrong , so it works . 
  but what if it was n't the case ? 
  i understand eu companies are n't comply that massively . 
  that 's the difference of treatment when the company is `` local '' . 
  watch us wreck facebook/google and sweet talk peugeot/ww . 
  i 'm the emperor of my own ass . 
  i should have been on that map , if selfproclaim emperor was valid . 
  and what part of napoleon works as a monarch ? 
  louis xiv is rolling in his grave . 
  because reddit is made of angry white knight fighting for moral and freedom / s, 
  why the fuck you talk about wage ? 
  you ask `` produce $ 1m worth of goods '' . 
  i give you an example ; but there are many more . 
  picasso painting are worth more than 1 million , how many people worked on his paintings ? 
  i mean , you are either desperetaly trying to defend something retarded , either you do n't know how entrepreneurship works . 
  hello ? 
  who finance the state ? 
  yeah , you got it , rich people do . 
  i have better shit to do than upvote/downvote people . 
  and i said , anybody talking about fillon/mlp would be downvoted to oblivion because he is very unpopular here . 
  your logic is retarded . 
  you would ban car for evryone because some go over the speed limit . 
  nothing more to add . 
  pussy let their government deal with shit they shouldnt . 
  whats next ? let your deputy vote no anal because it increase risk of colonary incident ? 
  you are part of the pussy country . 
  deal with it, 
  yeah but there is saoudi arabia in the title so it 's ok to throw away any common sense , because fuck sa right ? 
  this sub would applause a doctor for not saving his patient because that dude is an ass . 
  dud you read my post, 
  ok then lem me try . 
  people with lots of money pay things that cost lots of money . 
  seems legit that he gets fired . 
  we ca n't have people letting their personal sence of moral dictate their performance on the job . 
  if `` that dude is an asshole , i 'm not helping '' was a legitimate argument , half of you would die if you had to go under the knife . 
  for not doing his job . 
  you are french that 's for sur . 
  because that can be done in 4 seconde , unlike explaining you how life works . 
  especialy that with someone like you , i 'll probably have to make drawing , to explain complex notion . 
  you dont have the slighest idea of how things get financed . 
  i 'm not going to waste time doing your education, 
  nobody is discussing law here , we are talking coherence to treat differently similar situation . 
  holyshit , that answer . 
  ok , get out of highschool , we 'll talk after . 
  that makes you face to your incoherence so the only argument you have back is `` the us means nothing here '' . 
  that means nothing because that does n't suit your narative 2 / le pen investigation is going one too , but why r/europe applaude this one and did n't for clinton ? 
  because it 's so biased . 
  r/europe has no problem stepping on his coherency . 
  you got the justice files between your hand ? 
  you are so lucky / s,
