  this is so true . 
  that 's obvously not how we see thing despite why the leftist roaming here will tell you . 
  otherwise you would not get 44 % of france voting for mlp/fillon . 
  you have me wondering !, 
  why are you copying my taunt ? 
  you ca n't make up taunt yourself , beside plain insult ? 
  there is no imagination in that little peace of german brain ? 
  at least you were somewhat entertaining , i 'll give you that . 
  but now you are just german style boring . 
  i do n't need to grant more time to some parrot . 
  i 'll just block your little bitchy mouth . 
  natural selection is taking it 's time recently, 
  the peace and love hippy bullshit died 40 years ago . 
  there is a reason why they did n't last in this world . 
  i 'm not your buddy , and considering how retarded your post are , germany does n't deserve that capital letter . 
   ho is openly against gay-marriage . 
  it seems you are capable of reading , so i 'll give you that peace of advice . 
  read his program before talking , because that 's not what is written in it . 
  it 'll make you look a bit less like a moron . 
  the only things getting hurt when you post are english language and german national pride . 
  now if you talk about people needing education , maybe you should start by spelling `` piece '' properly . 
  i know you ca n't make much sence to anything , so i 'll make it accessible even for someone like you . 
  some people ** value ** economic reform more than integrity . 
  regardless , your insulting tone over people supporting someone that has yet to be proven guilty is despicable . 
  shitting on the presumption of innonce and the state of law makes you an even bigger scumbag than him . 
  to finish it 's `` piece '' , not `` peace '' . 
  that moment when french correct your english ... 
  i 'm not talking about the parody of election they had . 
  technicaly , china and russia are democracy too . 
  i do n't think , i know . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  people hate rich and their capital . 
  they do n't understand that capital finance investment . 
  withouth it , we would still be in middle age . 
  well no fucking shit , he did n't list the whole dictator squad . 
  castro and chavez are enough for me . 
  i said ,  anybody mentioning fillon or le pen would be at minus 30 . 
  c. that 's what we did . 
  stop being salty or come get the last one yourself . 
  except republican dont want to leave europe so dupont isnt a viable alternative, 
  except republican dont want to leave europe so dupont isnt a viable alternative, 
  you are insulting people for valuing different thing than you . 
  how mentaly retarded is that ? 
  are u under drugs ? 
  are u under drugs ? 
  you think bridges are financed with the worker 's bank account ? 
   high tax bracket when did the us have 90 % tax ? 
  why not ? 
  10k $ costume is nothing when you are billionaire . 
  of course he is going to be critized by the royalty . 
  anybody having more power than them would . 
  that 's not like it mattered . 
   other nations that in the end forced france to give back what was stolen you mean , italy pressured everyone to get back it 's stuff . 
  get real , nbody gave a fuck about it . 
  they would have get it themselves if they could . 
  i mean , in what world are you living in ? 
  my little pony dream garden land ? 
  it 's war time . 
  there is no `` law '' . 
  there are winner and loser . 
  that 's it . 
  people get their guts on the street , women get raped , kids get hanged . 
  you know , war . 
  and you are here , arguing about morality of stealing painting . 
  wtf . 
  and it 's exactly what is blame here . 
  you are more interested in being jealous about the costume he got from a friend , where nothing is illegal , rather than our territory being invaded . 
  how fucked up is that . 
  how is a dude receiving gift from a friend more important than our territory getting invaded by a neighbor ? 
  oh it 's because being rich/like luxury in this country is like having commited murderer . 
  that 's the type of shit that happens when you have a communist party that want to change the constitution . 
  im not goign to cry for you . 
  anybody mentioning fillon or le pen would be at minus 30 . 
  you are so wrong on this . 
  any entreprenour can . 
  look at the man who made minecraft, 
  he answered it . 
   what exactly are those [ ... ] really doing to deserve that money ? 
  answer : how is that your problem ? 
  mind your own fucking business and stop being jealous of other 's money . 
  are you planning to make us all poor ? 
  because that how you make us all poor . 
  you are not on r/france and people are n't pro m\u00e9lanchon here , so yeah , deal with it . 
  what 's going on loulan taking out the claw , wtf . 
  every single country he inspire himself from was either a dictator or one about to be . 
  i ca n't name a communist country that did n't fall into dictatorship . 
  are there others ? 
  edit : of course , forgot our universal kim the jung un . 
  because people are more interested in the price of the underpants of fillon , than real problem of france . 
  that 's how shitty our media is . 
  good shit that you remind us what 's going on on the other side of france . 
  we do n't have enough feedback of dom-tom and clearly are n't investing enough energy ( imo ), 
  that money is used to clean the leak , instead of fixing the pipe . 
  that 's the problem . 
  you are revisiting history to suit your narative . 
  no shit napol\u00e9on was critized by the italian for taking a spoil of war . 
  that does n't make it moraly wrong or right . 
   france was condemned no , they were not condemned . 
  there is no suchs things as country getting condemned because their is no higher authority . 
  france lost the war and had to give the painting back .
