  he was at 50 % approval , went to 30 , will rise again . 
  i do n't think any approval rating was made for him recently , so i do n't know how you can say that he is quite disliked . 
  because french people do n't know what is to be `` right '' by a world standard . 
  people point fillon as an extreme right liberal , simply because he wants to ask french people to work as much as the rest of europe ( 39h/w ) . 
  fillon is n't planning to sell any state sector , change access to education or healtcare , but already people put him as a french tatcher . 
  our scalling standard is fucked up . 
  can you imagine a candidate in germany to propose a 32h/w , retirement before 60 with universal revenu ? 
  wait . 
  is valls still prime minister ? 
  also , this measure of popularity is pretty poor , otherwise , hollande at 4 % could never have been president . 
  also , le pen is playing the long game . 
  she knows she will lead the fn in 2022 . 
  she knows she will be candidate . 
  if macron fucks it up , she will represent the alternance . 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  popularity poll during the reform ? 
  any politician in place see his popularity get obliterated . 
  right wing politician ? 
  like who ? 
  has been minister of chirac ? 
  macron is at the center left . 
   that does n't mean that everybody has to be ok with the result , and has to fall in line . 
  then why even say in the first place that he will ? 
  i do n't know how a right deputy who spent the last 3 years fighting valls can back the same candidate he was considering evil , less than 6 month ago . 
  so far , only one did . 
  i do n't see how he is not a fucking hypocrit trying to save his skin by selling his conviction . 
  when you talk to your electorate , you can be extreme . 
  then you have to make compromise . 
  not a single participant to this election changed his package . 
  i ca n't blame valls for sticking to his `` 2 gauches irr\u00e9conciliables '' . 
  just saying , macron never was in the ps . 
  he was in the government of hollande . 
  now , why would he even go there ? 
  to reign on a pile of ash ? 
  and kill the church . 
  why is that makerting bullshit ? 
  `` croissant '' are stuff with red bean marmelade is korea . 
  it made me gag when i tasted it . 
  different country likes different shit . 
  oh right , so not even nokia . 
  i will vote never . 
  fuck this shit . 
  she 'll win eventualy anyway just because people want `` alternance '' . 
  we might as well kill the beast right now . 
  i 'll see all of my fellow german friend on the battlefield . 
  this map is more like `` who lies while answering poll '' . 
  for those wondering , this is the starting zone for darksoul 4 . 
  yeah but your food is so much over the average than it makes up for the rest . 
  sweden ? 
  but why ? 
  ikea is crap and nokia did n't do a decent phone since the 3310 . 
  while i understand the problem , it 's not our fault if we have most of the rich ** countries ** . 
  if we want to make a summit of alliance , then we make a g5 , usa/eu/cn / africa/s . 
  i can already see the red cross flag burning . 
  `` worst at english proficiency '' . 
  that 's a national pride called being french . 
  they use $ for currency , have europeen citizenship , vote at eu election , but indeed , are n't part of schengen nor eu . 
  it 's called , `` answering for a mobile phone so cutting word because it 's a fucking pain to answer on reddit apps from a windows phone '' . 
  there is not such legal status as `` barely part of france '' . 
  happy ? 
  now , granted  they ai n't even part of eu is probably the answer of my original question . 
  there is no such legal status as `` barely french '' . 
  she will be president in 2022 after macron fail this mandate . 
  imo , pack your shit , this reddit wo n't exist soon . 
  german will soon be done with everyone addiction to debt and incapacity to reform . 
  where are french territories in antartica ? 
  neutral . 
  neither enemy nor ally, 
  i 'm pretty sur you realized france is n't the us and our position on russia is different . 
  you are salty because she ai n't kissing american ass like the rest of europe ? 
  french do n't really give a fuck about russian tie . 
  that 's not what is talked . 
   but price is a function of demand and supply i think you just have a too limited knowledge of what we are talking about . 
  you need more than highschool level in economic to grasp the subject . 
  we are n't talking about regular good bending by simple market rules . 
  nor talking about us type of regulation . 
  some building ca n't be built on , nor destroy , simply because they are consider of architectural value . 
   putting more and more money in as prices refuse to rise this is the perfect example of you just not getting it . 
  cities like paris/barcelona/london have price rising since forever , regardless of the amount of money injected simply because demand is way higher than any possible supply . 
  i mean , just the first sentence is wrong . 
  lots of city have legal limit on the high you can build for landscape purpose , access to light and technical security . 
   allowing construction does n't create a housing bubble read again . 
  that is not what i said . 
  i said `` allowing a race to the highest building creates a bubble . '', 
  see case of spanish rivera . 
  also , building higher does n't increase viable housing , simply because an appartement of 15 stories in a market of ten , does n't create +5 , it also decrease all surrounding building viability trapped in his shade . 
  ( see basicaly any major american city ) . 
  i 'm not going to say our cities are perfect , but they infrastructure clearly are better than the us counterpart . 
  there are so many factor you completely ignore . 
  * you ca n't limitlessly build `` high '' and you should n't be . 
  it creates a stupid race to the tallest building that will just make a housing bubble ( you guys know very well about that right ) . 
  some city have 1,5 k history or strict regulation on development making them less flexible . 
  * some country actualy do n't need ( more ) money for infrastructure , simply because inf . 
  cost are already properly budgeted via high tax . 
  what they want is to avoid ghost town . 
  * tourist come and go . 
  you ca n't have a city with a structure made for tourist . 
  that is simply to risky for regular people . 
  what if people do n't want to visit anymore ? 
  the city would be utterly fucked .
