  london has to be the least british city of europe . 
  i was visiting 3 weeks ago and almost nobody was speaking english . 
  i had no problem finding a french/chinese/indian / polish though . 
  common on !, 
  it 's not corruption !, 
  it 's called `` press freedom '' / s, 
  yours would be inacurate though . 
  but i understand why a german would prefer a perfectly squared one . 
  or you know , if you have nukes . 
  then you give no fuck because nukes is the solution to your problem . 
  russia ca n't be the boss of france . 
  so no , i do n't mind . 
  no because wether you like or not , we consume some of your media and you consume some of our wine . 
  it triggers my normand 's blood . 
  not going to lie , if it 's to save someone like you , i 'd rather have my boys stay home . 
  the absolute worse would grant a life in prison ( r\u00e9clusion criminelle \u00e0 perp\u00e9tuit\u00e9 assortie d'une p\u00e9riode de s\u00fbret\u00e9 illimit\u00e9e ) basicaly , perpetual jail double down with perpertual safety of never been exempt of it . 
  granted to recedivist child murder with rape . 
  so yeah , desertion is like nothing compare to this . 
  there is no such things as death penalty in france . 
  what ever the offence . 
   the death penalty still applies for deserting in wartime in most countries . 
  it 's not in france . 
  it 's 20 years of prison in the worse case . 
  i 'll be damn if public opinion support jailling someone that left a war he did n't want to fight for a foreign country . 
  he would most likely just be kicked out of military . 
  but ... they are n't part of uk . 
  i do n't know , was netherland here to help with the refugee crisis ? 
  was eastern europe ? 
  so why would south of europe give a fuck about a russia that will never reach them . 
  lol . 
  wtf are you saying . 
  how can a court martial rule a civilian and how the fuck can it call for a death penalty , haha holyshit . 
  what century are you living in ? 
  germany does n't want to fight . 
  france gives no fuck about nato , and uk is pulling out of europe 's affair . 
  the rest is just clown fiesta army . 
  so here you have your reason . 
  it would be funny to compare to a poll by country of `` readyness to defend from north african refugee crisis '' . 
  i 'm pretty sur the eastern europe would n't do hot in this poll . 
   you 'd think your continental buddies would be more passionate about a possible attack . 
  look at the map of the world from north pole view . 
  on that we agree . 
  why there are 3 points near french coast ? 
  so much peeping potential . 
  there are regulation for more than consumer protection . 
  like environment protection or ... culture . 
  lmao , you are saying so much bullshit . 
  that 's true , le havre is not a port and france does n't have railroad . 
  no wonder you dont see the benefit of netflix quota . 
  i 'm blocking you now , you waste too much of my time . 
  when uk 's singer are piercing , it 's through us 's market/channel . 
  it 's problem is that we ca n't see the difference between uk 's and usa 's . 
  so we just assume it 's usa 's . 
  yeah because eu would n't have any other port right . 
  you guys are the only coast line of this block and the only port too !, 
  le havre does n't exist at all !, 
  meanwhile you can easily find 750 million other people that your port give access to , somewhere hidden within your small country . 
  yeah eu would be so fucked . 
  good luck sustaining a port the size of rotterdam for a 20 million ppl market . 
  we would be so fucked . 
  because we all know , building port is impossible nowadays . 
  it 's a long gone knowledge a bit like dutch . 
  so many , i 'm so impressed . 
  oh you can still speak your own country language ?!, 
  that 's getting rare in netherland . 
  so that makes what ? 
  20 million people ? 
  minus those who can speak english and rather use english . 
  so it goes to 20 million to what ? 
  what a cry baby . 
  then gtfo the single market already and give us a break . 
   dr who , top gear , grand tour , downton abby , luther , peaky blinders , the crown . . no idea wtf this is . 
  it 's not in france . 
  reminder , i live in normandy and can literaly see your coast from my window . 
   james bond this is like claiming lady liberty is french . 
   harry potter , just a quick reminder , the last book was written 10 years ago . 
  but granted it was the best promotion tool of uk since a while . 
   ed sheeran , adele , most french would tell you that they are from the us , but ok . 
  they are just artist with british nationality doing singing us pop culture stuff . 
  so that 's it ? 
  a 10 years old book and 2 american looking popstar ? 
  where is your queen ? 
  where are your beatles ? 
  your mr , bean ? 
  your new mike myers ? 
  because you know where she is from , the us pop factory . 
  if i give you the top 1 argentinian and ask you if he is from uruguay or chile , you would n't know . 
  dutch ? 
  people are still speaking this language ? 
  oh excuse us for not being omniscient and have better shit to do of our life than figuring out where x & y are coming from . 
  you know where an italian singer is coming from the second he speaks . 
  said it elsewhere in the thread . 
  the worst part of uk is that even when they produce something , it 's just perceived as coming from usa ( unless very particular , like benny hill , mr bean , cold play ) . 
  i did n't know adele / ed sheran were brits before yesterday . 
  granted / u/baritbrit is right when he says they piggyback on the usa 's cultural pushing machine to sell their culture at the cost of being associated with usa rather than uk in the meantime . 
  so you 'd rather have even bigger non european country set what you should watch on netflix . 
  logic !, 
  but that 's not a dick contest to know who has it bigger in europe . 
  i 'm saying that finnish set their dick on the shopping board themselve while happily singing `` living in america '' . 
  grow a pair and defend your culture .
