  there are movements within islam that think they are doing the right thing , that allows those things . 
  nothing more . 
  representative as in what ? 
  the point of going was to show that they condemn the attack . 
  you do n't think french sunni muslims do that ? 
  what is the problem with people criticizing islam ? 
  if you think that islam is backwards why do you get upset when westerners criticize it ? 
  there were a ton of people in germany and in the rest of europe who were all like ` refugees welcome ' . 
  like a significant segment of society in many countries . 
  i do n't think it was a smart idea but if it makes you feel better . 
  and if you 're talking about the iraq war that was a very unpopular decision both in the us and in europe . 
  the war in afghanistan was actually good for the country , and they had a legitimate reason to go in . 
  and not to defend trump but he does n't want to topple any dictators . 
   but the west is so hypocritical and cruel that even i ca n't pretend like islam is the sole problem anymore . 
  what did they do for example ? 
  everything maajid nawaz says is on point . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi3j8e7enty it 's like when people say all muslims are not terrorists , well no shit , is that seriously all that is expected from muslims now ? 
  if they are not terrorists then they 're good enough ? 
  what about supporting secularism , what about tolerance for gay people , what about tolerance for women from muslim communities living how they want independently , what about tolerating people leaving islam , what about being democrats who understand freedom of speech . 
  sure terrorism is by far the worst issue , but if muslims hold fucked up opinions and abuse people within their own community for the abovementioned reasons then there 's still a big problem regardless of whether they are ` peaceful ' . 
  mate i 'm literally saying that no one in turkey cares about it anymore and we should stop the games of pretending like we 'll ever join . 
  the only danger is that erdo\u011fan will interpret ending the process completely as now being able to do whatever autocratic shit he wants , and that should be prevented . 
   median wage in turkey that 's blurred by the massive wealth inequality in turkey . 
  the gdp per capita ( ppp ) is higher than bulgaria and right below romania , who in turn are close to croatia . 
  turkey is also way above all of non eu countries in former yugoslavia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita though joining eu is not really something anyone in turkey cares too much about anymore . 
  what would you call a relationship with the eu where you have close trade relations and a system in place where erdo\u011fan will give a shit what the eu says if he ( continues to ) goes crazy ? 
  the status quo without the joining eu games . 
   one of the lowest rates of higher education degrees in europe exact same as italy . 
  founding member of the eu and third biggest economy in the eu . 
  that does n't go against what i 'm saying , we 're in agreement . 
  also interesting how i 'm getting downvoted like fuck for saying something as basic as ` erdo\u011fan is not a wahhabi ' . 
  i do n't know what 's happening with this sub . 
  also it 's not a ` huge part ' it 's the overwhelming majority . 
  yes ? 
  he 's a grown up , one does n't say something like that ` so strongly ' and start thinking you need to forbid homosexuality some years later . 
  you should be more surprised that he 's been in power this long . 
  he has reaffirmed being supportive of secularism as late as three months ago . 
  yeah that 's what i 'm saying , he has no understanding or respect for democracy , and he probably also has ( turkish hanefi ) islamist sympathies , but when there 's no public support for it then it simply wo n't happen , he craves power too much to do something so controversial . 
  10 % of turkey would want ( ottoman style , hanefi ) sharia and he gets 50 % votes . 
  and a portion of those 10 % would vote for parties like saadet or b\u00fcy\u00fck birlik partisi if they were to vote ideologically . 
  and there 's also quite a lot of previous \u00fclk\u00fcc\u00fcs ( 90-95 % of whom support secularism ) in that 50 % figure . 
  the part with egypt was only a few years ago . 
  that 's when he changed . 
  he was also clear in his opposition to \u0130smail kahraman 's statement which was 3 months ago . 
  i 'd say it 's more of a turn towards authoritarianism than anything . 
  and either way he 'll always just be a turkish hanefi . 
  to be honest i think in this case he 's just saying it because he 's anti-nato . 
  jesus , people need to stop exaggerating , yes erdo\u011fan sucks but he 's not a wahhabi or something . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bp6grwsija here 's erdo\u011fan saying that it 's necessary to put homosexuals under legal protection , and how he does n't find it humane how homosexuals are sometimes treated ( put down ) in some tv programs . 
  erdo\u011fan is like at the very worst a muslim brotherhood supporter . 
  and that 's not really clear either , he recommended secularism to egypt which is not what the muslim brotherhood wants at all . 
  why is it though , they went from a fascist empire to adopting ideals that europeans ( as well as americans of european heritage ) had developed like secular democracy , civil liberties , human rights , political freedom , freedom of speech , media freedom not to mention european science , math , economics etc. 
  these things are not equal , these ideals from europe are clearly superior to a fascist imperial state , or a communist dictatorship , or a theocracy or whatever other bullshit backwards ruling systems the world has seen . 
  and the greeks conquered that several times before turkic people came so they would , going by that logic , have their own word for it if that was the case, 
  well maybe slave origin but they were the rulers of the state , like this turkic sultan : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aybak or this circassian : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuman_bay_ii yeah i have seen some of the circassian traditions , regarding weddings and stuff , it depends many of them still have very tight knit family traditions , i hope they keep them up . 
  yeah i thought i would disappoint you if i told you that they most of them are pretty much turks now :d that 's how our country is , patriotism is very important , but i think they are nowadays completely free to use their language and all that as they want to . 
  no one has any problem with that either . 
  it actually goes way beyond this , even before the ottomans took over arab countries , in egypt circassians and turkic people ruled there : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mamluk_sultanate_ ( cairo ) really the bond goes way back . 
  thanks for the information . 
  we have very good relations with circassians in turkey as you probably know all about . 
  everyone can see that circassians and nearly all other minority ethnic groups in russia have been dealt great injustices . 
  i hope the best for your region, 
  really there 's not a big difference between chechens and circassians on average ? 
  chechens have the whole jihadist past ( well and present ) and the crazy strict sharia laws in their republic . 
  surprising that they can even get abortions there to be honest . 
  i do n't know much about da\u011f\u0131stan . 
  are n't there a lot of christian circassians ? 
  chechens are much more conservative , right ? 
  it 's not a ukrainian nationalist blog , it 's radio free europe/radio liberty , which is a giant network that is a perfectly reliable source . 
  it 's pretty obvious from the ` people 's republic ' name that they were some kind of leftists , who are pretty much universally secular . 
  the article also talks about their wish to free people from ` economic oppression ' . 
  and the council consisted of people educated in european universities . 
  the state they declared was completely secular , and going by their name `` people 's republic '' they even sound like socialists/communists , how the fuck do you expect anyone to actually believe your bullshit about them being resemblant of isis ? 
  how do you even come up with something so ridiculous ? 
  no people in the world give that little of a shit about economy to make a claim like this worth taking seriously . 
  when there is such a significant difference between the economies of the two countries then that indisputably makes a difference to some percentage ( could be majority , could be minority , we do n't know ) of crimeans . 
  well one major difference is that while ahmedinejad fucked up his country 's economy and geopolitical standing completely , erdo\u011fan has been in power during an era of quite high economic growth that our people are n't educated enough to understand is n't at all tied to erdo\u011fan , and was in fact thanks to the reforms crafted by an economist ( kemal dervi\u015f ) from the main opposition party , or care enough about/understand the issues with the country 's shit democracy , freedom of the press , corruption , shitty foreign policy , shitty diplomacy and international standing etc. 
  plus his people have 90 % of the media in their hands and when you can spin everything and bombard your population with propaganda , well it takes much more educated people to see through it and not have a high percentage vote for you . 
  so basically unless our economy goes to shit , i do n't see him out of power anytime soon . 
  iranians elected ahmedinejad in power democratically who 's a million times more of an islamist nutcase than erdo\u011fan could ever dream of becoming , so i would n't really take that too seriously coming from them . 
  alevis are a small minority of kurds in turkey . 
  the rest are conservative shafi sunnis . 
  and alevis are very secularist yes , but 80 % of alevis are turks . 
  the rest is made up of mostly zazas who are not kurds , they speak a non kurdish iranic language , and because of the misinformation that the zaza language is a dialect of kurdish some of them consider themselves kurds , and the last small part , something like ~ 5 % of alevis are actual kurds , kurmanci speakers . 
  alevis make up 20-25 % of all of turkey 's population . 
  the whole reason most kurds came to turkey was an agreement by the ottomans to ally with the sunni kurds against the shia safavids in the early 1500s . 
  major population movements of kurds happened north west wards after that . 
  and you 're telling me that your anecdote of one family is more representative than knowledge and statistics based on millions of people in turkey , understanding politics etc. 
  it 's common knowledge that kurds are the most conservative people in turkey . 
  if you want to go by anecdotes then my family from one of the more conservative places in anatolia consists of people who dislike islam heavily , and most turks i know here in europe go to university , hook up or have girlfriends without their family caring , a lot drink and do whatever . 
  and many of them have akp supporting families regardless of that . 
  i do n't know , maybe actually being from a country , knowing the language and its people results in having more knowledge about its people than some guy who saw a youtube video and thinks he knows anything ? 
  is having the majority of your women go through female genital mutilation , something that is not prevalent among other nearby ethnic groups except in africa or yemen having arrived in the 21 . century ? 
  in iraqi kurdistan the rate is over 70 % fgm https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/prevalence_of_female_genital_mutilation_by_country in addition , kurds in turkey are known for child brides and honor killings . 
  the kurdish party , that is supposedly secular , has a voter base that is according to all polls less supportive of secularism than the voter base of akp . 
  meaning the akp voting half of kurds are even more conservative . 
  if you actually knew more what you concluded after watching like one youtube video you would know you would that kurds have very deep held conservative values about women that a few thousand fringe marxist militant terrorists do n't in any way represent . 
  look up atat\u00fcrk , look up who abolished the caliphate and sharia and brought strict secularism , democracy , women rights including the right to vote in the 1920s before many western european countries , we 've banned wearing hijab in universities for a hundred years and you 're talking about forcing hijab . . atat\u00fcrk probably was n't even muslim . 
  we had a female head of state in the 90s .
