another great example of the undeniable correlation between low education/intelligence and supporting akp . 
  you are pathetic . 
  it 's a russian propaganda site that just like all russian propaganda media has no interest whatsoever in reporting based on reality see for example this quality reporting from them :  in the wake of the charlie hebdo shooting in january 2015 , it aired a piece from one of it its regular contributors and ` expert political analysts ' that said the terrorist attack had been carried out by the us against france in order to further an anti-russian agenda . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lifenews really nice source you 've got there . 
  and do n't act like armenia is any less of a corrupt undemocratic country . 
  azerbaijani nationals , of which most of them are non azerbaijani . 
  and again the source is total bs so it 's a pointless argument . 
  isis fighters hate shias more than anyone else though , it has nothing to do with logic , it 's just how they are without exception , and even if someone with azerbaijani nationality joined isis they are caucasian sunni minorities since shia azerbaijanis would get killed instantly if they were caught by isis this is a russian propaganda site that no one takes serious so the argument is pointless anyway . 
   jihadists against armenia before . 
  some chechens back before the first chechen war that was fought primarily for nationalist reasons , you ca n't even begin to compare them to isis . 
  yeah right . 
  isis hates shia azerbaijanis more than anything , isis says it wants to genocide all shias . 
  azerbaijan is a country of irreligious/nominal shia muslims , they care less about religion than many european countries not to mention armenia . 
  you know this op you just do n't give a shit . 
  oh okay that 's cool , funny you mentioned polonezk\u00f6y , that 's exactly what i was thinking of , something equivalent to that just scandinavians . 
  or leftovers from the vikings who fought for the byzantines :d, 
  northern european ancestors ?? 
  who lived in turkey ? 
  did i misunderstand something ? 
  you 're an idiot mate , pkk are n't protecting anything but their retarded wet dreams of applying stalinism mixed with nationalism , or as you call it , fascism . 
  good thing the world stopped talking far left idiots like you seriously a long time ago . 
  keep calling everyone fascists for disliking terrorist organizations . 
  as well as the turkish leftists who hate nationalism, 
  just stop trying to fool anyone , those were separate protests , and the fighting with pkk is going on in full and has done for a while now , it 's not some coincidence that they started protesting against pkk since then . 
  it 's on a completely different scale of isis for turkey and has always been . 
  as i said even leftist turks hate pkk , and they themselves call everyone fascists right and left . 
  i know , my own family is like that . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://i.tmgrup.com.tr/dailysabah/2016/03/28/haberdetay/1459154341242.jpg ) if i was talking about the biker gangs i would have said so . 
  that 's all well and good but pkk has had a ridiculous amount of influence on border regions in turkey for decades and they are still backwards shitholes who are still practicing all those aforementioned disgusting things . 
  maybe if pkk had n't killed hundreds of doctors , engineers and teachers they would have been better of , just maybe . 
  and if they had learned turkish properly as a second language they would have access to the best universities in the region . 
  but you know , progressive stalinists . 
  kurds in iran also do that and kck has significant influence there . 
  you know , when even leftist turks hate pkk you look kind of ridiculous trying to paint some turks marching with a flag saying bad things about pkk as fascists . 
  they are so secular that they have huge rates of female genital mutilation , something that arabs do n't even do , they are famous for honor killings , child marriages , various tribal shit , you name it . 
  i mean does it get more feminist and progressive than that ? 
  fucking ridiculous how people fall for your propaganda . 
  and good for you that you unlike pkk supporters do n't condone killing random high school kids on the streets of ankara , how humane of you . 
  right . 
  it 's just for fun that they started marching after the fighting with pkk started again . 
  and there 's nothing nationalist about disliking pkk , all turks and many kurds hate pkk , even leftists turks hate them . 
   modern assertive kurdish or you know , pkk supporters . 
  just call it what it is instead of these vague descriptions to make supporters of a stalinist militant terrorist organization seem innocent . 
  what ? 
  occupying another dude 's house ? 
  if you know anything about the history between the two people and how intertwined turks and kurds are and have been for a long time then you would see how ridiculous of a comparison that is . 
  turks came to anatolia a thousand years ago , and kurds as an iranic people with their historical homeland in western iran and parts of north east iraq only started slowly spreading northwest wards to over vast parts of south east turkey , syria and iraq over mostly historical assyrian land after the ottomans allied with the safavids in 1500s . 
  so it 's not their homeland in any way , they are immigrants even though kurdish nationalists like to deny that . 
  turkey consists of the land that the ottomans was able to keep after european colonization , and there was no problem with kurds until atat\u00fcrk removed the caliphate and sharia at which point kurds were the first to rebelled to bring the caliphate back . 
  there were ethnic kurds like \u0130smet \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc , atat\u00fcrk 's second hand mand that was obviously allowed a say on how things are done , but separatists were not fully until hdp , the previous parties were shut down after time , but the mainstream parties have before elected prime ministers that were ethnic kurds who disagreed with how things were handled , like b\u00fclent ecevit who was first elected in the 70s and turgut \u00d6zal in the 80s and early 90s . 
  and the education part is stupid , it 's considering what would be be the reality with islamists or some poor kurdistan great secular education , the only disagreement is the national part that is not necessary evil , there 's nothing at all wrong with civic nationalism unless minority rights are not respected . 
  but even if there was a fair historical basis for a independent north kurdistan , which there is not in any way if you know history and do n't believe in historical revisionism from kurdish nationalists , it would to put it bluntly be a poor shithole compared to turkey , there 's a reason pkk has killed hundreds of doctors , engineers and teachers to prevent the region from developing so their propaganda works best on the population . 
  but even if you disregard all this it 's still extremely disagreeable to resort to such insane levels of violence against kurdish and turkish civilians and innocents including tourists and other things which another guy linked you to : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ayzt5/belgium_lets_pkk_supporters_pitch_tents_before/d151mlu https://np.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/3kj6uj/whatdoturks_want/cuy9xow, 
  the authorities most likely have hard evidence for it but i ca n't give you that . 
   as i wrote before , tak is a semi autonomous group within pkk . 
  ( think of stay-behind counter-guerilla organisations unofficialy run by states ) every single tak member is an `` ex '' - pkk member ( afaik ) no tak member was killed by pkk . 
  no struggle took place between tak and pkk . 
  no organization is strong enough to blast a military convoy in front of tsk head-fucking-quarters , other than pkk . 
  ( 17 february bombing ) this is enough to be very sure of it as an outside spectator without having hard evidence for it , and that guy is maybe not a complete outside spectator , he could maybe indirectly know someone that knows someone that does n't make him a a complete outsider . 
  he is saying it as a fact by the way , he 's not even in doubt . 
  he 's certain for a reason in other words . 
  and he sympathizes with them . 
  those are not just assertions , the logic is very clear and you can confirm the things for yourself . 
  he 's not some random redditor , i know from discussing with him a lot that he 's a leftist guy who lived a long time very close to kurds and alevis and who is as you can see very well read on the history and relations of these groups . 
  that 's a huge lie , stop with the bs , here 's a guy who supports pkk who proves that  ` tak is a semi autonomous group within pkk ' https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/4a8zj4/breaking_explosion_in_ankara_k%c4%b1z%c4%b1lay_casualties/d0zalkn?context=3, 
  there 's ~ 15 million kurds in turkey , hdp got 5 million votes which includes a lot of turkish leftists , and that is just a where they won a plurality , there are several of those places where it 's split because people vote for all 4 parties, 
  good job putting words in his mouth , there 's an ongoing peace process to unite the island for a reason , and it 's actually making very good progress which most everyone is happy about . 
  ` hardly any better than saudi arabia ' is such a joke of a statement that you do n't even believe in yourself , considering the country being founded by atat\u00fcrk upon completely secular laws and ideals and until erdo\u011fan governed like that which erdo\u011fan will never have a power to change fundamentally due to no public support for it , a reality of which he is very well aware of . 
  he 's just an autocratic putin wannabe leader who came to power by moderating on his islamist sympathies , see for example how the west loved him throughout the 2000s and only begun saying anything a few years ago . 
  it 's showing up in syria though , though that 's most likely at least in part due to pure incompetence and a bad gamble that he would get away with it . 
   i 'm all for it . 
  you were making it sound like they were all out of luck with no options which is pretty funny to claim when they are like 30 minutes from what they consider their homeland , and can move there whenever . 
  i do n't actually have a problem with bulgarians as a people or country , that guy was being actually racist towards turks , that 's why i even responded . 
  it 's not hard to sympathize with being pissed at foreign countries dominating your political system , it sounds shitty . 
  i was talking about what i assume to be their reaction to it , not mine . 
  it 's not only secularism , it 's the whole ideology if you read the quoted part from wikipedia . 
  the process was only started in the 1920s but it takes a long time for the whole population to adopt them fully which is not achieved yet , but it 's happening faster now and pretty much inevitable with time . 
  the government most of the time ruled with strict secularism before erdo\u011fan , but much of general population remained conservative , though that decreased over time and today a big part still is considered conservative compared to these values which is how we got erdo\u011fan , but they are still only considered conservative for turkish standards , in reality according to islam they are not conservative at all since they generally support a secular way of ruling but their life styles are not that secular . 
  according to actual islam it 's pretty much blasphemy that the majority of them as so called conservative muslims do n't want sharia . 
  varl\u0131k vergisi was as it says on there just a very shitty way of collecting funds to improve the economy with oppression . 
  non muslims were n't viewed as ever being able to fully adopt a turkish identity unlike the million other people that fled to turkey after ww1 from the caucasus and balkans . 
  the government at the time after atat\u00fcrk died was still strictly secular but oppressive in cases like these . 
  the first democratic elections came a few years after this in 1946 . 
  if the party was outright controlled by moscow then it 's out of the question a politician like mestan whose allegiances they knew were not with russia at all would become leader in the first place . 
  picking russia over turkey is pretty outrageous for a party claiming to represent proud turks but many people ( including myself ) in and outside turkey thought it was a stupid move no matter whether it was within their right by law . 
  and anyway until very recently they did n't have to choose between turkey and russia since relations were good . 
  as i said it would n't have mattered in practice unless turkey-russia relations had gone to shit  at least they 'll have their ethnic pride to fall back on . 
  and a border crossing to a much richer country within how many kilometers exactly ? 
  like 10 ? 
  you 're also assuming bulgarian turks did n't get pissed at them naming a park after the armenian genocide in their area even though it 's completely redundant since the government had recognized it a long time ago . 
   jihadist , pseudo-sultan erdogan he 's more like a wannabe putin with islamist sympathies . 
  ottomans , sure , but the ideology that turkey was founded upon is kemalism which is strictly secular democracy based on civic nationalism inspired by france . 
  it had pretty much remained until erdo\u011fan came , but it 's a process , not something that happens overnight . 
  but with time it 's pretty much inevitable as people get more educated and less religious which is happening fast now . 
   kemalism ( turkish : kemalizm ) , also known as atat\u00fcrkism ( turkish : atat\u00fcrk\u00e7\u00fcl\u00fck , atat\u00fcrk\u00e7\u00fc d\u00fc\u015f\u00fcnce ) , or the six arrows ( turkish : alt\u0131 ok ) , is the founding ideology of the republic of turkey . 
  [ 1 ] kemalism , as it was implemented by mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk , was defined by sweeping political , social , cultural and religious reforms designed to separate the new turkish state from its ottoman predecessor and embrace a westernized way of living , [ 2 ] including the establishment of democracy , civil and political equality for women , secularism , state support of the sciences and free education , many of which were first introduced to turkey during atat\u00fcrk 's presidency in his reforms . 
  good job reading every single thing in the way that you wanted to and making a bunch of ridiculous assumptions . 
  the assumption that we 're referring to soldiers who died in initial invasions anywhere from 300-400 years and for much of the balkans like 700 years ago has to be the stupidest . 
  i 'm talking about the last period when ottomans were losing the areas rapidly but muslim civilians were left behind .
