  and look up which ethnic group rebelled instantly to bring back sharia and the caliphate in the sheikh said rebellion and look up who has voted for kemalist parties since the beginning . 
  even erdo\u011fan who is the most conservative prime minister we 've had has added legal protection for lgbt people while the kemalist opposition ( and the majority of its voter base ) supports gay marriage the guys have literally been the biggest opponents of secularism since the beginning and you 're saying they are more modern than turks . 
  the notion of it is really ridiculous . 
  there are very severe limits on what an islamist can actually do once he gets to power in turkey thankfully due to atat\u00fcrk 's legacy , but yes , it 's obvious that people from his background ( member of parties like refah partisi , ` moderated ' to a conservative party like akp , though it 's a facade to think that was based on a change of belief rather than doing what 's necessary to get into power ) do n't believe that secularism in any form is worth keeping . 
  he tries to make the people more conservative in a bunch of different ways , that 's about all he can do , something like sharia is absolutely out of the question , and the public does n't want that at all either , polls say 10 % want it which is between 1/4th and 1/5th of his voters . 
  so in short he is an islamist but he 's forced to be very pragmatic . 
  for example under his watch legal prostitution goes on , lgbt people got legal protection from what i know , but at the same time he 's openly neo-ottoman and criticizing of secular rule . 
  remember islamist does n't have to mean wahhabi or something , far from it . 
  it 's not so much an ethnic thing , it 's just about attempting to increase the demographic percentage of his comparatively uneducated poor conservative sunni muslim voters , kurds are the most conservative muslims in turkey , and a lot of them support erdo\u011fan fully for focusing on conservative islam and not on ethnic differences like previous governments , and because he gave them quite a lot of rights . 
  his rhetoric about pkk being atheist marxists does resonate with a lot of kurds . 
  so the ones that lose out are the secular people in turkey . 
  remember erdo\u011fan is an ideological islamist , and ethnic nationalism/nationalism in general is a big no-no for islamists . 
   future will prove my views are right . 
  i mean i just debunked them all so i really do n't think so . 
  you can verify anything i 've said for yourself . 
  if you heard about this thing called world war 1 you would know that there were battles on every front , and in 1915 atat\u00fcrk was a military commander , not a political leader of any kind until several years after that defending gallipoli against australians and brits trying to invade . 
   years and years of ethnic cleaning that was not how it happened , the main part of it , 90 % of it were deportations who began in mid 1915 and ended in 1916 . 
  i 'm not saying he prevented it , i 'm saying he was a military commander fighting thousands of kilometers away at that time with no political leadership at that point which is indisputable . 
  it 's also extremely basic facts of history . 
  the fact that you do n't like it because it does n't fit your narrative has zero influence on whether it 's a historical fact . 
  i 'm arguing against you because half of what you write is objectively untrue made up bullshit such as the opposition being fascists when they are the ones defending human rights , democracy and secularism . 
  and the irreligious part of society is growing bigger and bigger day by day , 10-15 % , and turkey consists of different minority sects like alevis who make up 20-25 % and are very opposed to akp and staunch secularists . 
  but you do n't want anything positive to happen to us , for anything to get better , you just thrive on hatred . 
  you would n't mind our society going into civil war if it gave you the opportunity to point fingers and say look how backwards they are . 
  and you can take your caveman understanding and conclusions about something you do n't know anything about and stick it up your ass . 
  the other big part is exactly what i explained and nothing else , do n't fucking pull shit out of your ass about fascism and claim you know anything . 
   genocide that was the ottomans . 
  specifically the three pashas whose citizenship was renounced , and they were expelled and condemned by atat\u00fcrk who founded and shaped the country , and whose ideals every subsequent leader until erdo\u011fan has respected . 
   refugee crisis blackmailing by an autocratic corrupt islamist . 
   support for isis autocratic corrupt islamist . 
  who europe and the us had zero problems supporting fully for the first decade while secularists were protesting him in every way fyi . 
   cyprus the reaction to over a decade of greeks killing and torturing hundreds of turks and expelling nearly 20.000 turks from their homes , and the final straw which was a military junta by greek fascists which resulted in a military invasion to collapse the junta . 
   270 of turkish cypriot mosques , shrines and other places of worship were desecrated . 
  [ 2 ] greek cypriot irregulars attacked turkish cypriots in the mixed villages of mathlati on 23 december and ayios vasilios on 24 december . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] a mass grave was exhumed at ayios vasilios on 12 january 1964 in the presence of foreign reporters , officers of british army and officials from red cross . 
  21 turkish cypriots ' bodies were found in this grave . 
  it is presumed that they have been killed in or near ayios vasilios on 24 december 1963 . 
  it is verified by the observers that a number of the victims appeared to have been tortured , and to have been shot after their hands and feet were tied . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] between 21 -- 31 december 1963 up to 133 turkish cypriots were killed by greek cypriots . 
  [ 7 ] 364 turkish cypriots and 174 greek cypriots were killed in the next years . 
  18,667 turkish cypriots from 103 different villages abandoned their homes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_christmas_ ( 1963 )  kurds as soon as atat\u00fcrk abolished the caliphate and removed sharia , tens of thousands of kurds rebelled in south east turkey to bring it back . 
  we repressed their backwards rebellion and after that there was bad blood , and they kept rebelling and we repressed them . 
  people acknowledge that . 
  but for the past 27 years they have been allowed to speak kurdish as they wish ( ban put there in the first place by a military coup leader 6 years earlier ) as they wish and for over a decade they 've had cultural rights like media , tv , radio in kurdish , schools have been opened to teach kurdish and in universities . 
  western media likes to completely avoid mentioning that quite crucial fact when they try to make us look like fascists who hate and repress kurds . 
  we just do n't like terrorist separatists who kill and blow up kurdish and turkish civilians , like the 37 high school kids they killed in ankara a few months ago . 
  you would n't either if it was your country . 
  40 % voted for him until a major conflict started which in every country sadly means people vote for the current government . 
  and the main opposition party is a social democratic party that supports rule of law , human rights , strict secularism , media freedom etc. 
  do n't spew bullshit about a country you do n't know absolutely anything about . 
  russia is handling bullying and invading its neighbours just fine completely irregardless of turkey . 
  lol . 
  the gulf arabs would n't have shit if it was n't for the west that taught them everything including how to use their oil for anything . 
  they would sit all day with their sheikhs debating whether it 's good for you to eat camel shit if it was n't for the west . 
  and as if uae does n't benefit hugely from south asian non-muslim expats who they abuse like fuck , and as if they have any right to complain when westerners/europeans earn them tons of money from vacationing , buying alcohol etc. 
  there . 
  the legislation in dubai is different from the rest of uae for a reason , genius . 
  and if you agree with this stuff then your morals are disgusting and you belong in a clinic for mentally ill people . 
  good thing we got rid of this shit along time ago in turkey  the court system comprises sharia courts and civil courts . 
  judicial corporal punishment is a legal form of punishment in uae due to the sharia courts . 
  flogging is used in uae as a punishment for criminal offences such as adultery , premarital sex and prostitution . 
  [ 131 ] in most emirates , floggings of muslims are frequent , especially for adultery , prostitution and drunkenness , with sentences ranging from 80 to 200 lashes . 
  [ 180 ] [ 181 ] between 2007 and 2013 , many people were sentenced to 100 lashes . 
  [ 131 ] [ 182 ] [ 183 ] [ 184 ] [ 185 ] [ 186 ] [ 187 ] [ 188 ] moreover , in 2010 and 2012 , several muslims were sentenced to 80 lashes for alcohol consumption . 
  [ 189 ] [ 190 ] under uae law , premarital sex is punishable by 100 lashes . 
  [ 191 ] stoning is a legal form of judicial punishment in uae . 
  in 2006 , an expatriate was sentenced to death by stoning for committing adultery . 
  [ 192 ] between 2009 and 2013 , several people were sentenced to death by stoning . 
  [ 185 ] [ 193 ] [ 194 ] in may 2014 , an asian housemaid was sentenced to death by stoning in abu dhabi . 
  [ 195 ] [ 196 ] [ 197 ] sharia law dictates the personal status law , which regulate matters such as marriage , divorce and child custody . 
  the sharia-based personal status law is applied to muslims and sometimes non-muslims . 
  [ 198 ] non-muslim expatriates are liable to sharia rulings on marriage , divorce and child custody . 
  [ 198 ] sharia courts have exclusive jurisdiction to hear family disputes , including matters involving divorce , inheritances , child custody , child abuse and guardianship of minors . 
  sharia courts may also hear appeals of certain criminal cases including rape , robbery , and related crimes . 
  [ 179 ] apostasy is a crime punishable by death in the uae . 
  uae incorporates hudud crimes of sharia into its penal code -- apostasy being one of them . 
  [ 199 ] article 1 and article 66 of uae 's penal code requires hudud crimes to be punished with the death penalty , [ 199 ] [ 200 ] therefore apostasy is punishable by death in the uae . 
  emirati women must receive permission from male guardian to remarry . 
  [ 201 ] the requirement is derived from sharia , and has been federal law since 2005 . 
  [ 201 ] in all emirates , it is illegal for muslim women to marry non-muslims . 
  [ 202 ] in the uae , a marriage union between a muslim woman and non-muslim man is punishable by law , since it is considered a form of `` fornication '' . 
  [ 202 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/application_of_sharia_law_by_country#regional_variations, 
  but that 's the exact thing i responded to ? 
  that 's what i rebutted ? 
   also know that they are extremely interested in going to funerals ** of suicide bombers from a militant group that has operated within the local society in the border provinces for 30 years , and those provinces are still the most backwards in all of turkey ** , even though the group also call themselves progressives . 
  i 'm sure some geniuses that grew up supporting militant soviet era marxists are very potent at transforming absolutely anything compared to bringing wide-scale economic and infrastructure development and education to further integrate them as a part of turkey along with their cultural rights being respected . 
  i mean after all who wants to be part of the country with the 17th highest gdp on the planet as opposed to some anarchist-socialist experiment in a region that without outside support ( and it will be , trust me ) is poor as shit to say the least . 
  some geniuses referring to the kck ideology inspired hdp , because that 's exactly what they are . 
  guys who grew up supporting pkk for the first 20 years where their whole existance was based on kurdish nationalism and soviet marxist-leninism . 
  no one with a brain or capacity to transform anything does that . 
  anarchist socialist experiment that wo n't have any outside economical support to develop anything is their proposal of democratic confederalism . 
  same thing going on with ypg right now . 
  fighting daesh with huge us and others support does not mean anything has succeeded . 
  that 's all they have done . 
  and especially zero proof of any socially progressive transformation of the local society there . 
  / u/2a1za i did n't mean to talk shit , i do actually want to discuss/hear counter arguments + challenge my pov . 
  i said anatolian ( konya , yozgat , sivas especially ) and eastern ( which is far from only kurdish ) . 
  so you yourself was the one to bring it up , so do n't give me that bs . 
  but okay if you really want to know , you are welcome to go to the south east and see what their culture is like .
