  there 's a reason it says ottoman muslim , not turk , the vast majority of them were simply muslims with local ethnic background who had close to negligible turkic ethnic background . 
  the ones that managed to flee to turkey ( many died of starvation etc. ), 
  later adopted a turkish identity based on civic nationalism later on , despite their ethnic background which is why we say ` we ' . 
  if you think that some random innocent civilians deserve to be massacred after the ottomans were long gone just based on their religion which they either by their own will or not at all had converted to then you belong in a mental institution . 
  that 's sick . 
  and you 're only talking about the balkans and greece , it 's also about the whole caucasus , crimea , romania and the arab world it also refers to various atrocities there by russians and colonialist europeans like italy . 
  the two million figure is referring to deaths in anatolia which is not what i 'm talking about at all , though there were also huge amounts of that , civilian deaths committed by the invading greek army in the 1919-1922 war , i 'm talking about civilian deaths of ottoman muslims which is very hard to estimate but the total amount of forced refugees and killed ottoman muslims is estimated to be 5-10 million . 
  i never said this was supposed to justify or equal the armenian genocide but that no one gave a shit about random civilians getting killed for their religion and that 's pure hypocrisy . 
  it was done with the same exact motivation as turks with armenians , to achieve monoethnic states . 
  what happened to ottoman muslims before 1915 was a key motivating for ottoman soldiers returning to anatolia who had witnessed them . 
  along with armenians readily allying with the russians who were guilty of many of these things . 
  again it does n't justify it at all but to deny any nuances at all is just hypocrisy . 
  this explains it pretty well : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims#impact_on_europe they were n't anywhere as well documented , and it 's also ridiculous for you to expect otherwise . 
  look at this for example , this was 20 years ago and we 're discussing the 1800/1900 hundreds . . 
  reporting one side as justified based primarily on religion when azerbaijanis give less of a shit about religion than a lot of christian european countries . 
   foreign reporters often referenced religious factors in the conflict , i.e. 
  the fact that armenians were predominantly christian , and outside coverage of the conflict is often skewed by allegiances . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nagorno-karabakh_war#media_coverage  ( 400,000 only in bulgaria ) not talking about conquests , but which uprisings exactly ? 
  this says 30 thousand https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_uprising  1.5 million it 's 1-1 .5 million , 1.5 is the higher estimate . 
  it 's not actually historically disputable that kurds had a huge role in it . 
  look at who makes up the majority in nearly all the places where armenians made up the majority before 1915 for example . 
  nor is it disputable that armenians allied with the russians and helped them win various wars for nationalist reasons , and no empires at the time would just accept that . 
  what makes it evil is the way they handled that situation . 
  you can recognize that aswell as the armenian genocide . 
  that seems like the most reasonable position . 
  or historically accurate . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims no one in the world gives a shit or knows about any of these atrocities against random civilians , meanwhile we are demonized to death for the armenian genocide . 
  same thing with cyprus . 
  no one knows that there was a perfectly legitimate fear for turkish cypriots before the invasion due to various massacres by greek cypriots . 
  it 's pure hypocrisy . 
  nice racism . 
  a party that had mestan as leader for two years who obviously was n't pro russia in the least supposedly being controlled by moscow ? 
  sounds like bullshit . 
  but even if that was true , it would only have been an actual issue until relations with russia went to shit with the jet shoot down a few months ago , relations were great right until syria . 
  and besides it did n't stop the party from defending turks in bulgaria 's rights which is more than enough for it to be a million times better choice than some shitty party that wants to assimilate turks . 
  that 's not how it happened , that was done by the ottoman empire 's three pashas based on religion , ie . 
  having to get rid of them because they were non muslims , because in their mind that was what would matter in the future . 
  non turks , ie . 
  sunni kurds , were for example the pashas ' best allies in doing this , kurds are now the majority in most of the places where armenians were the majority before 1915 like van , bitlis , mu\u015f , \u015f\u0131rnak , that 's not a coincidence . 
  and akp is the neo ottoman inspired party in turkey which is the complete opposite of what he 's referring to , kemalism , the principles of atat\u00fcrk . 
  atat\u00fcrk condemned the three pashas harshly for this , had their citizenship revoked and exiled them . 
  fighting started in the mid 50s , which makes it two decades before the invasion . 
  it 's more complicated in that greek cypriots killed over 130 turkish cypriots in a few days , that 's a massacre and a crime . 
  after that turkish cypriots were still being killed at a much higher rate than greek cypriots until the junta military where in your own words `` turks had it worse '' to put it lightly . 
  in the initial invasion against the military junta and to restore the constitution turkish cypriots were also targetted : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maratha,_santalaris_and_aloda_massacre turkish cypriots were also forced to flee to the north the same way greeks were . 
  it goes both ways . 
  look , i 'm not trying to whitewash turkey of crimes after the invasion , there were plenty . 
  but to talk about them without looking at them in the light of what turkish cypriots had endured for a long time , at least a decade , before the invasion is simply ridiculous and dishonest . 
  greek cypriots had commited crimes and massacres against turkish cypriots for the decades before the invasion , it was not only the junta coup . 
  it 's dishonest to talk about war crimes during the invasion ( plenty of which greeks were also guilty of ) without talking about what turkish cypriots had gone through for years upon years before this . 
  this is just one example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_christmas_ ( 1963 ), 
  this is simply too naive . 
  we 're talking about an organization that admitted to bombing and killing 37 civilians , mostly young people just a few days ago . 
  they do n't need anyone demonizing them , they are handling that perfectly by themselves . 
  and you 're saying it 's only fair that we empower people like this , that they are unfairly demonized . 
  are you serious ? 
  you do n't understand how much they are motivated by pure kurdish nationalism . 
  it goes way beyond pkk aswell , even hdp rhetoric is extremely obviously influenced mostly by kurdish nationalism , if you do n't know turkish and only follow foreign media you ca n't pick up on these things i guess . 
  several of them are threatening us with the power of pkk , saying they will beat the army and stuff . 
  but you know , these people have been though an injustice , they should be given power , because they are not maniacs that belong in an institution , they are rational people that wo n't just keep asking for more and wo n't stop using violence to achieve that ever . 
  what happened when we went into a ceasefire and did peace talks ? 
  they were stocking up weapons , training etc etc. 
  and came back much stronger . 
  a colombian was telling me the same exact thing happened with farc , every time they did peace talks they just came back stronger , peace is not in their vocabulary . 
  the peace progress was a total farce . 
  but even though this should be obvious to the whole world , they managed to make themselves look like the victims . 
  people who bomb random civilians to achieve their goals are not people you can achieve anything with by negotiating with , they are not a rational actor , and it should be obvious to everyone that they are motivated by blind nationalism . 
  there 's nothing progressive about nationalism and there never will be , it 's ridiculous to claim they are unfairly demonized , and even more ridiculous to claim that something good would come from empowering them . 
  no , i did n't just make it up . 
  there has been education in universities for many years now , and there has also been kurdish schools opened up by the state in several places in the south east where they teach the language . 
  not to mention they unofficially no matter the law have spoken kurdish in class and in other public institutions even before the ban that was instituted by the us backed military coup leader and was repealed in 1989 . 
   european charter for local self there is no obligation to do so unless the majority of turkish kurds want that , and it 's far from a majority as i proved both in my first comment and here . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4al3mz/where_is_ankaras_je_suis_moment/d122h4e you do n't understand that that entails them having a local kurdish force as a replacement for police , who will all be pkk members according to their own statements . 
  that 's the # 1 way to get a terrible civil war on our hands . 
  it 's an older figure , plus it 's the amount of speakers , and there 's many who ca n't speak kurdish well even though they are ethnic kurds . 
  even still as i said a huge part of the reason they passed 10 % ( the threshold ) is because of turkish leftists voting for them because it helped limit erdo\u011fan 's powers , so it 's still very far from a majority of kurds . 
  nor does voting for them necessarily mean more than cultural rights and negotiations . 
  minority rights have been rejected ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  there 's kurdish education in schools and universities , kurdish tv channels and media . 
  they are fully equal citizens . 
  the majority of turkish kurds are n't separatist kurdish nationalists , it 's only a minority that wants that . 
  hdp got 5 million votes only with a huge amount of turkish leftist votes , and that 's out of 16 million total kurds ( 12 million kurmancis + 4 million zazas ) . 
  and that 's with the unrealistic assumption that all kurdish voters wanted self rule , when it could just be for cultural rights and negotiations . 
  so it 's not even near the majority . 
  the military is fighting pkk and pkk alone , civilians are evacuated from cities before the operations , but some in pkk supporting cities some civilians stay out of stubbornness and they end up as collateral damage due to the realities of street combat . 
  besides , the attack targetted random uninvolved civilians , mostly young people , so you have to be pretty inhumane to be completely apathetic to it . 
  you do n't know any history . 
  there has n't been any genocides of kurds whatsoever . 
  after atat\u00fcrk abolished the caliphate and removed sharia , kurds almost instantly started rebelling to bring back the caliphate and sharia , and they were shut down harshly . 
  there were several other rebellions later which were also shut down as they should . 
  you do n't bring back sharia just because some peasants want it . 
  the leader of a harsh heavily us backed military coup by a leader called kenan evren decided to put a ban on speaking kurdish in public which lasted in the 80s for 6 years . 
  it was not the public 's wish , everyone was against that . 
  so the ban ended in 1989 , and since mid 2000s there 's been kurdish education in schools and universities and kurdish tv channels , media etc. 
  they have full equal rights . 
  now i know that you do n't have any idea about any of this , so why are you acting like it ? 
  you 're talking like you know shit . 
  and if you want to go that way , jews immigrated from thousands of miles away and to land that because of some retarded religious text they thought were theirs , and because of it they expelled hundreds of thousands of palestinians and claimed the land for themselves and never let them come back to land they had inhabited ever since arabs came to palestine , 1400 years ago . 
  since then they have committed endless amounts of war crimes and broken human rights , broken international agreements and continued to built settlements on land they do n't have a legitimate claim on .
