  99 % of palestinians want self determination , it 's only a minority of turkish kurds that are separatist kurdish nationalists . 
  i hate hamas and armed groups , but if you want to be an apologist for terror groups . 
  i thought you were joking about the first sentence , but it seems you were genuine . 
  it seems necessary to clarify that this is something everyone in turkey agrees on was completely wrong , it was n't done by the people 's decision , the leader of the military coup , kenan evren , took that decision personally to ban it in public . 
   there is still a long list of legitimate discriminatory measures that kurds cite . 
  there really is n't anymore . 
  they have equal rights like any other citizen and they have their cultural rights . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
  i was talking about the rights in the decades before the pkk conflict started , not 45 years before . 
  dersim started with a rebellion that was put down , and after that civilians were unfairly targetted and expelled . 
  grey wolves with the support of the us government aswell mostly fought against leftists many of which were alevi . 
  what percentage of kosovo albanians do not want to separate from serbia ? 
  plus they have a pretty good historical claim , being a clear majority and as albanians native to the region unlike slavs . 
  no offense , but it seems pretty clear cut that they have no interest in being part of serbia and making up a clear majority for a long time they deserve to make that decision . 
  the case of kurds in turkey is very different . 
  there was an election in november where a ` pro kurdish ' party that officially is n't nationalist , it just wants more cultural rights and self rule got 5 million votes , which took it just over the election threshold of 10 % which limited erdo\u011fan 's influence . 
  the thing is it got past that threshold with the votes of a lot of turkish leftists , perhaps accounting for as much as 1-2 % of the 10 % achieved , and there is 12 million kurmanci kurds and 4 million zazas who mostly consider themselves kurds in turkey . 
  that means that if you disregard the non kurdish leftist voters and the kurds who voted for cultural rights and not particularly separatist reasons , there 's at the very most 4-5 million separatist kurds out of ~ 16 million , but it 's most likely not that much . 
  so not even near the majority of turkish kurds that wants self determination even with a generous estimate . 
  and it 's true what he said , you can confirm it for yourself , what kurdish nationalists call turkish kurdistan has belonged to assyrians and armenians for thousands of years before kurds even came to the south east . 
  their historical homeland is in todays western iran in the zagros mountains , but they immigrated en masse north west wards to today 's turkey after allying with the ottomans due to shared sunni islam against the shia safavids , but they are an iranic people with by far closest cultural ties to other iranians . 
  there was a ( often not enforced ) ban on speaking kurdish in public made by a military coup leader in the 80s that was repealed in 1989 . 
  for the last decade there 's been free kurdish tv channels , kurdish education in schools and universities , all the restrictions have been gone for a while now . 
  pkk has done suicide bombings on civilians , killed random kurdish and turkish civilians , bombed , killed and kidnapped tourists , killed several hundreds of doctors , teachers and engineers sent to the region , how do you even begin to compare that to some restrictions on cultural rights and imprisoning kurdish nationalists , which was the reality for kurds before pkk started armed combat ? 
  tell me how you can begin to compare that . 
  except now , when they want to bomb tourists , most of the time ( though not always ) they switch over to a supposed splinter group called tak when they want to bomb tourists . 
  the turkish state also did bad things during the conflict especially in the 90s , but it does n't come close to this stuff . 
  that was stuff like forcing people out of their villages and into the cities to stop pkk from mobilizing there . 
  it 's bad , no doubt about it , but it does n't come close . 
  well i meant in the 60s and 70s not nowadays , even though that fear has n't completely disappeared in the older generation . 
  you 're right though , it was n't meant as an argument against reunification at all . 
  those so called sporadic bouts of intercommunal fighting were much more one sided against turkish cypriots than you conveniently make it out to be . 
  you 're also forgetting the whole coup attempt by greek fascists . 
  i do n't know what your definition of legal or illegal is but undisputably a legitimate fear for the safety of turkish cypriots . 
  it 's a shame it all has to be related to islam despite both countries being ruled by strict secularism for a long time by now , we could have a nice relationship based on common history , common interests , economical development and tourism ( i was in bosnia last year , it was beautiful ) . 
  we have several million people of bosniak ancestry in turkey even . 
  it 's only natural that we have a good relationship where we help each other out , but i understand you do n't want it if it 's all about islam . 
  probably that wo n't change as long as we have this islamist erdo\u011fan shithead ruling . 
  i guess one positive is that the version of islam practiced by turkey and in extension bosniaks stops saudi arabia from being able to brainwash and radicalize people with wahhabi mosques . 
   catholics for the most part since it was mostly a catholic population at that time i seem to remember reading that bosnia pre-ottomans had its own church that both the catholic and orthodox church viewed as heretical which was one of the big reason why bosniaks were so easily compelled to convert . 
  you 're arguing things i never claimed in any way . 
  as someone with english as your mother language you really ought to have better reading comprehension . 
  compared to belarus , tajikistan , kyrgyzstan , kazakhistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan it 's nothing out of the norm yes , compared to those it 's not even that bad . 
  that 's not even disputable . 
  yes armenia is better however little that means , i never claimed otherwise . 
  turkey is also better than armenia with erdo\u011fan , hooray ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index also the notion that you can sense from both the guy i responded to and you is that this should even begin to factor into who is in the wrong and who is in the right with regards to the nagorno-karabakh conflict , and that 's ridiculous . 
  that 's whataboutism . 
  that 's just something you bring up if you ca n't bring up relevant arguments for your side about the conflict itself . 
  aliyev is not an unpopular leader believe it or not , he 's maybe not a putin , but not unpopular , no . 
  your problem with his policies by the way has nothing in the slightest to do with his autocratic ways , it 's just a cheap way to make your side look better . 
  if he was elected democratically none of the issues you have with him would go away . 
  azerbaijan is definitely autocratically ruled but it 's nothing really out of the norm for post soviet countries . 
  apart from the corruption aliyev is hardly an unpopular leader among his people . 
  people in this part of the world tend to not put as much importance into democracy . 
  and armenia is also far from perfect if we 're talking about democracy and freedom . 
  i do n't know if my comment got misconstrued as support for erdo\u011fan , that was n't the point at all , it 's just more logical to assume isis did it seeing their apparent new focus on the turkish military rather than assume a false flag with no evidence of it, 
  most kurds would disagree with being called ` of turkish origin ' , if it was n't so you would be right . 
  a separate state is not even the wish of the majority of turkish kurds . 
  statistics from turkey , yes , i can send it later when i 'm not my phone . 
  kurds have a much lower economic status and worse education on average so it 's should n't be surprising in the least , nor is it disputable in any way , but of course people want to label you a racist for saying it . 
  isis dedicated their latest newspaper release to the turkish military . . 
  but even if that was n't the case , it makes no sense ever to claim anything was ` obviously ' a false flag without evidence . 
  they have n't even said they would enter syria on background of this attack , if it was a false flag they would almost certainly already have entered . 
  yeah , that ` be european ' part of the accession progress is a real pain . 
  definitely what 's holding us back . 
  you pretty much explained the conflict between secular and conservative in turkish society lol . 
  but most secular people would never call turkey a muslim country , rather a secular ( emphasis ) country with a population that is muslim majority . 
  let 's see what russia 's ally iran says to russia supporting pkk , people keep saying this , i 'd love to see it really https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_free_life_of_kurdistan, 
  all the ones with - stan are added onto to the name of the primary ethnic group in that country , like macar ( hungarian ) yunan ( greek , ionian ) h\u0131rvat / hrvat ( croat ) . 
  the ones without stan had alternatives similar to the original , like romanya i guess . 
  but the country names are not completely logical/consistent , for example by that logic albania should be arnavutistan instead of with the turkic suffix - luk , and there 's a lot of weird ones like portekiz , as if saying portugal like everyone else would be a problem for turks, 
  the ones that immigrated after the islamic revolution are very different from most iranians , they came from a segment of well educated , not very conservative middle class iranians who eventually mostly turned very secular and pro western in opposition to the newly founded theocracy they came from . 
  iran is still definitely conservative as a whole , and i do n't think you 'll find many even secular people who do n't dislike israel and us foreign policy quite a lot . 
  and i would object a lot to the government being even somewhat progressive in the region , the people compared to afghanistan , pakistan and gulf countries sure , but not the government . 
  after the saudis there 's not really anyone nearby to beat them if we 're talking about crazy islamic policies . 
  public hangings of minors and gays , religious police walking around making sure women wear hijab , raiding underground parties , [ stoning ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stoning#iran ) , amputations , flogging , bad religious freedom for non shia muslims and terrible for followers of non abrahamic religions , the list goes on . 
  and the political freedom is also shit, 
  \u00d6zil does n't speak great turkish either , so if he does n't speak german at a near native level it 's some weird personal problem he has, 
  i was n't aware of that , but it 's obvious that the shah and a similarly pro western iranian government was out of the question at that point , and it imo makes more sense to blame the west for toppling mossadegh and the support of the shah for the rise of khomeini 's iran rather than some potential unlikely to succeed meddling during the revolution . 
  the shah can very easily be called a western puppet , the west had no interest whatsoever in him being toppled , i 'm sorry but the revolution was very popular among the people , there was also a lot of more moderate islamic leftists and many other groups backing it until they got cracked down by khomeini later on . 
   that 's how we got iran . 
  western leaders did n't even bother looking up what chomeini stood for , they just saw that he was very successful at what he did . 
  khomeini lead an islamic revolution against the shah who was a strongly backed by the west and very brutal against his people , which along with the toppling of mossadegh was the reason for the strong anti-american and western sentiment of khomeini . 
  the west did n't back him at all, 
   the `` islamic golden age '' is the period after they conquer the most developped regions on earth - those of the eastern roman empire , and utilize what they find there . 
  that was done by the ottomans when that age was practically over , so this is false . 
  more like have his bodyguards drag the guy from the edge of the bridge to his car and talk to him while on the phone at the same time . 
  such a great guy, 
  the invasion was to prevent that happening and to protect turkish cypriots from attacks by greek cypriots is what he means . 
  the turkish part , ak\u0131nc\u0131 : `` i wish that the new year will bring permanent peace , tranquility and welfare to all cypriots . 
  happy new years '' anastasiades in turkish ( some parts of it were n't fully comprehensible , had to look it up ) : `` i wish that the new year will again permit us greek and turkish cypriots to live in peace in our once again united homeland '' they wished merry christmas in greek im pretty sure, 
  i never said that , of course they are slavs closest to their neighbours , but the same way croats and serbs are not the same , bosniaks are different from croatians and serbs and not only because of religion , read that link , scholars and historians know it better than us , most bosniaks were never orthodox or catholic if you bother to read it . 
  i know they are secular muslims or atheists which is good, 
  why do you open a thread based on your retarded ideas from serbian propaganda ? 
  most bosniaks were not orthodox nor catholic before the ottomans came , so they are n't croatian or serbian muslims , they are simply bosniaks no matter if they are religious or not . 
  that 's interesting , could also be antiochian greek christian ( antakyal\u0131 rum ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antiochian_greek_christians or veery unlikely a maronite https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maronites but yeah probably armenian :d fuck why have i never been to hatay . . 
  the guy was paraphrasing , it has no importance whether he says we must look into it or fix it . 
  you are in serious denial if you understand that quote as anything but our supporters are uneducated idiots who have less reason to like us as they get educated . 
  see this is why people dont take you idiots seriously .
