  textbook definition of terrorism . 
  greek cypriots were the aggressors and the purposeful instigators of this hate and violence . 
  greek majority island , yeah sure , it was also turkish majority for nearly a hundred years in big parts of the 18th and 19th century according to many european sources at the time . 
  the turkish population went down over time for various factors as quoted in the other comment . 
  but of course if we were to listen to geniuses like you turkish nationalists time travelled to pay i do n't know how many european historians to make it look in turks ' favor . 
  to want independence from britain is very different from aggressively demanding enosis which scared the whole turkish cypriot public deeply . 
  if we could go back in time we would tell both sides to stop the unrealistic nationalism , respect each other , and get independence from britain , and to live with respect side by side , turkish and greek cypriots in one country . 
  that was the only thing that was ever going to work . 
  oh ffs , i was away , how long is this conversation going to go . 
  please stop kidding yourself , the aggressive demand for enosis started by greeks opened up the very real possibility and the fear of ending up like several hundred thousand cretan turkish muslims , who were all either massacred or expelled . 
  so go ahead and blame turkish cypriots for not quite being okay with that and wanting a possibility to protect their communities in the security forces and uphold peace . 
  clearly very evil thing to do . 
  here :  in 1950 , michael mouskos , bishop makarios of kition ( larnaca ) , was elevated to archbishop makarios iii of cyprus . 
  in his inaugural speech , he vowed not to rest until union with `` mother greece '' had been achieved . 
  [ citation needed ] in athens , enosis was a common topic of conversation , and a cypriot native , colonel george grivas , was becoming known for his strong views on the subject . 
  in anticipation of an armed struggle to achieve enosis , grivas visited cyprus in july 1951 . 
  he discussed his ideas with makarios but was disappointed by the archbishop 's contrasting opinion as he proposed a political struggle rather than an armed revolution against the british . 
  from the beginning , and throughout their relationship , grivas resented having to share leadership with the archbishop . 
  makarios , concerned about grivas 's extremism from their very first meeting , preferred to continue diplomatic efforts , particularly efforts to get the united nations involved . 
  the feelings of uneasiness that arose between them never dissipated . 
  in the end , the two became enemies . 
  in the meantime , in august [ papagos government ] 1954 , greece 's un representative formally requested that self-determination for the people of cyprus be included on the agenda of the general assembly 's next session . 
  turkey rejected the idea of the union of cyprus and greece . 
  * turkish cypriot community opposed greek cypriot enosis movement , as under british rule the turkish cypriot minority status and identity were protected . 
  turkish cypriot identification with turkey had grown stronger in response to overt greek nationalism of greek cypriots * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus_dispute and no , turkish cypriot security forces wanting to protect their communities were killed during the campaign that started in 1955 months before the pogrom instigated by menderes together with britain . 
  and you 're twisting what happened completely by judging the perpetrators , the factory workers as if they just woke up and felt like attacking greeks , rather than actually understanding that they were 100 % convinced that the same thing happened against turks in greece , so they did n't do anything that in their mind was anything more than a reaction to what greeks had done against them . 
  actually acknowledge this for the sake of objectivity if you 're going to comment on it at all . 
  and there was no turkish cypriot armed group a second before eoka was targetting turkish cypriots on the basis of being turkish . 
  your heroic freedom fighters , better known as terrorists . 
  they also killed hundreds of civilians . 
  what a proud legacy . 
  tmt was created in 1958 as a reaction , a counter-force against eoka . 
  nothing more . 
  and you want to talk about slaughters in cyprus , you have turkish cypriots beat a million times . 
  the facts speak for themselves , 130 + turkish cypriots slaughtered in two days , over 417 + in the years up to the intervention , ethnic cleansing of tens of thousands of turkish cypriots , hostage taking of over 700 civilians including women and children , threats , shootings , arson , mass graves of turkish cypriot civilians :  103 turkish cypriots villages were attacked . 
  [ 32 ] 700 turkish cypriot hostages , including women and children , were taken from the northern suburbs of nicosia ( into greek-cypriot houses , at omorphita north suburb , which in turn became refugees in their own country ) . 
  nikos sampson driving a digging vehicle himself , led a group of greek cypriot irregulars into the mixed suburb of omorphita after the greek cypriot neighbourhood of the suburb was attacked by the turkish cypriot militia . 
  [ 33 ] greek historian ronaldos katsaunis stated that he was an eye witness to the retaliation murder and communal burial of 32 turkish cypriot civilians in 1963 in famagusta . 
  [ 34 ] [ 35 ] contemporaneous newspapers also reported about the forceful exodus of the turkish cypriots from their homes . 
  according to the times journal issued in 1964 , threats , shootings and attempts of arson are committed against the turkish cypriots to force them out of their homes . 
  [ 36 ] the daily express wrote that `` 25,000 turks have already been forced to leave their homes '' . 
  [ 37 ] the guardian reported a massacre of turks at limassol on 16 february 1964 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_intercommunal_violence, 
  there were demands for enosis which was very hostile for the reasons i stated , there were killings deliberately targetting turkish cypriots who were in the security forces to purposely instigate hate , violence and chaos which the greek side for the most part does accept . 
  all that before the pogrom a thousand kilometers away by some workers who were told greeks had done the exact same in selanik . 
  yeah sure really nice talking to you . 
  i did n't say between greeks and turks , it was against the security forces which included turkish cypriots . 
  read it somewhere , ca n't find it now . 
  but the demand for enosis many years before is already extremely hostile to turks because it made it possible and created fear that turkish cypriots would end up like several hundred thousand cretan turkish muslims who were either massacred or expelled . 
  nah you 're just denying it because it goes against your argument , every side recognizes they were aiming to do exactly that . 
  again by an autocratic leader who was hung because of it . 
  everyone realizes the greeks were aiming to purposely create violent hatred between turkish cypriots and greeks . 
  armed fighting for enosis was actually happening already in 1953 , several years before the pogrom created by menderes . 
  no they did n't , there was zero of that occuring within a thousand kilometers of cyprus . 
  the first clashes were in 1955 by greeks who purposely instigated provocations with the purpose of creating hatred and chaos . 
  everyone including greeks realize this . 
  greeks purposely started the chaos , hate , violence by killing turkish cypriots in much higher numbers , double as many as was done in return to them purely as a product of the situation they purposely started . 
  they took 700 turkish cypriot women and children hostage . 
  they ethnically cleansed tens of thousands of turkish cypriots . 
  after two decades of all this occuring , greek fascists guilty of this disgusting stuff waged a military coup to force the turkish cypriots they had already been slaughtering for years to enosis . 
  that 's correct . 
  you ca n't even read the page you linked yourself , very impressive honestly . 
  no you killed over 417 + turkish cypriots . 
  and you committed mass ethnic cleansing against tens of thousands of turkish cypriots . 
  and greek cypriots did n't have a hair on their head touched before enosis demanding eoka were killing turkish cypriot policemen in order to purposely spread hate and chaos . 
  and when they did it was at a rate not anywhere near half of the slaughters of turkish cypriots . 
  and mhp have as much to do with neo nazism as israel does . 
  you know nothing whatsoever about them so do n't talk . 
  they talk about normal turkish nationalist stuff , against pkk , they get a ton of votes from people who think akp and chp are too soft on pkk , and want more connections with other turkic countries . 
  that 's 90 % of the reason they get any votes . 
  their leader spoke hard against discrimination against alevis , and calls kurds his brothers and pkk does n't represent them at all ( which is correct but that 's irrelevant here ) . 
  they have never advocated fascism at any point in time , they have respected democracy for 50 years with zero exceptions . 
  everyone knows how golden dawn praises nazi germany . 
  it also praised stalin as a great personality like hitler , so the fanboys of the most disgusting butchers of tens of millions get 9,4 % votes in greece . 
  read it out loud . 
  nine point four percent . 
  500k + votes . 
  again , it 's entirely their fault a reaction all of this happened . 
  what are you actually talking about ? 
  130 turkish cypriots were killed in two days , and on top of that in the years after several times that of additional turkish cypriots were killed . 
  and that turkish cypriot group that was n't fascist unlike your greek enonis fascist coup that triggered the intervention , and neo-nazi golden dawn who got 9,4 % votes ( 500.000 + votes ) 2014 in greece , was non existant before several years after eoka ( heavily supported by greece ) were killing turkish cypriot policemen intentionally to provoke chaos and violence where turkish cypriots would have no chance as the minority but to accept their demand for enosis by fascists . 
  you want to talk about ethnic cleansing ? 
  here you go . 
   103 turkish cypriots villages were attacked . 
  [ 32 ] 700 turkish cypriot hostages , including women and children , were taken from the northern suburbs of nicosia ( into greek-cypriot houses , at omorphita north suburb , which in turn became refugees in their own country ) . 
  nikos sampson driving a digging vehicle himself , led a group of greek cypriot irregulars into the mixed suburb of omorphita after the greek cypriot neighbourhood of the suburb was attacked by the turkish cypriot militia . 
  [ 33 ] greek historian ronaldos katsaunis stated that he was an eye witness to the retaliation murder and communal burial of 32 turkish cypriot civilians in 1963 in famagusta . 
  [ 34 ] [ 35 ] contemporaneous newspapers also reported about the forceful exodus of the turkish cypriots from their homes . 
  according to the times journal issued in 1964 , threats , shootings and attempts of arson are committed against the turkish cypriots to force them out of their homes . 
  [ 36 ] the daily express wrote that `` 25,000 turks have already been forced to leave their homes '' . 
  [ 37 ] the guardian reported a massacre of turks at limassol on 16 february 1964 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_intercommunal_violence as i said , greeks are 100 % responsible for triggering this intervention . 
  it 's entirely their fault a reaction happened . 
  well obviously after being called out on saying something so illogical . 
  they are rebuttals of your stupid claims and arguments about it being ethnic cleansing to intervene against repeated massacres of turkish cypriots . 
  mhp have nothing to do with fascism or neo nazism . 
  i do n't agree with them but they have respected democratic processes without exception for 50 years and have never advocated anything resembling fascism and autocratic militaristic states , they just talk about nationalist issues , other turkic countries , go to elections and that 's it . 
  okay and what about the other 270 mosques ? 
  you are actually silly enough to think some people who slaughtered over a hundred turkish cypriots would be above destroying holy buildings for turkish cypriots ? 
  do n't tell me you believe something like this . 
  if you intervene to prevent a over a decade long trend of massacres and it escalating into a greek fascist coup , and you do n't intervene a second before that coup , then it 's something that you are 100 % in the right to do with the goal of protecting turkish cypriots , you can call it whatever idiotic thing you want to , everyone with a slight sense of logic knows the purpose . 
  we were desperate to intervene all the way from the 60s to protect them from your disgusting massacres , we did n't wait we were forced to .
