  pros for leaving - if you do n't like the idea of a non british entity creating laws that apply to britain then leaving is good . 
  other than that i 'm blank . 
  general elections are usually around 65-66 % . 
  this is the most important vote in a generation though so it 's expected this to be a fair bit higher . 
  bit late to try and convince people . 
  the belgian dude looks pretty white to me . 
  i 'm partial to the [ english disco league ] ( http://www.edl.me/ ), 
  i never actually recall learning about the battle of britain , if it ever was mentioned it would 've never been in enough detail to specify the nationalities of the pilots . 
  very much so . 
  true but using a picture of europeans , and europeans from a country that was a union of 2 smaller countries no less , to promote a campaign that wants to take britain out of the eu seems disingenuous . 
  no it really does n't . 
  her death is a tragedy and now is not the time to politicise it . 
  there are perfectly valid reasons to support the leave campaign that do n't involve violence , i do n't support their views but that does n't mean supporting it means supporting murderers . 
  on the contrary for this being expected really . 
  last time an mp was killed was in 1990 and that was part of the troubles . 
  most people here are in shock about the whole event really . 
  or you know , not talented enough to make it into one of world football 's strongest sides . 
  the nazis would tie married couples together , shoot one and throw them off a bridge so that the other would drown whilst tied to their dead spouse . 
  and that probably is n't the cruelest thing they did . 
  please think before saying the nazis were n't `` that cruel '', 
  he says forgetting places like the isle of wight , portsea island , hayling island , holyrood , anglesey , the isle of portland , the scilly isles and more . 
  not to mention that guernsey , jersey , sark and alderney are n't geographically part of the archipelago . 
  i got downvoted the shit out of just for suggesting a different name as a joke . 
  apparently calling the british isles the `` northeast atlantic archipelago formerly known as the british isles '' is n't as funny as i thought it was . 
  i do n't recall having any issues with it , aside from how daunting it looks to pronounce when you 're first introduced , but i can understand why . 
  if you 've been told for the last 10 or so years to speak clearly and leave spaces between words , and then you start learning a new language and it does n't conform to the grammar rules you 're used to , it can be a bit confusing . 
  like how the verb goes at the end of a sentence in german . 
  that buggered so many of us up . 
  american english is terrible , as is british english . 
  we have so many words that are spelt/pronounced differently depending on the context they 're used in . 
  and there 's no general rule for most of them , you have to learn each individual word . 
  by contrast german is lovely , once you learn how letters are pronounced , pretty much every single word conforms to the same pronunciation rules . 
  from what i can remember of secondary school german , `` lieblingsfussballmannschaft '' confused the hell out of people who could n't grasp the concept of compound words . 
  so you 're training children to be soldiers , but you do n't think they 're child soldiers ? 
  right ... 
  most of the world , for good reason , looks down upon the idea of conscripting child soldiers, 
  technically yes but clearly what they mean is a professional army which people join out of their own free will ( otherwise known as a volunteer army ), 
  you know more old people voted remain than youths did right ? 
  because the old vote is far larger than the youth vote . 
  jokes are fine , people just dislike shit ones . 
  no offence but how did you think `` stereotypical arrogant american + fuck you eu + ignorance '' would go down if not badly ? 
  count for what ? 
  iran should definitely be some shade of green . 
  even if we ignore alexander the great ( which i do n't really agree with ) , there 's still the anglo-soviet invasion in ww2 . 
  liberia , the american colony in africa . 
  i was thinking the anglo soviet invasion in ww2 but yeah , alexander would 've produced the same results . 
  that first one is disgusting . 
  that 's clearly a venomous snake , not a poisonous snake . 
  he is still president and still in charge of us foreign and federal level domestic policy . 
  he 's perfectly within his rights to punish a country that has tried to influence his country 's elections . 
  because it 's divided , as the title says , into sub-national levels . 
  in the us that means states , in europe that is generally counties/provinces . 
  some norwegians and danes came over , killed a few monks , looted some villages and did the whole rape and pillage thing . 
  we tried giving them gold if they promised to leave , but would you know they came back !, 
  the damndest thing that . 
  oh and the anglo saxons cemented their rule over england and formed the bedrock of our entire modern language and culture , or something like that , ca n't remember , was n't that important really . 
  what is `` politically european '' ? 
  we 've got an absolute monarchy , parliamentary democracies , republics , constitutional monarchies , a dictatorship , a grand duchy , principalities , a theocracy , whatever switzerland is , federal states , unitary states , semi devolved states , and more . 
  europe 's got an example of almost any system of government you can think of , how can something not be politically european ? 
  you 're a loony . 
  i need to follow your posts more often , 7 words and 2 squares off my / r/shitamericanssay [ bingo sheet . 
  straight people have more anal sex than gay people . 
  flags exist to represent things . 
  the confederate flag represents the confederate states of america . 
  the csa was very much a white supremacist country . 
  therefore the confederate flag represents white supremacists by extension . 
  the original argument about the confederate flag was that it was flying over a state capitol building , and people wanted it taken down . 
  given that the flag represents a white supremacist country who was in open rebellion against the united states , i do n't think it 's too big an ask to not fly their flags on government buildings . 
  because they agreed to in their non aggression pact . 
  breaking that agreement risked a two front war before france was knocked out of the war , something that would be an unessecery and utterly stupid thing to gamble on for such little gain in return . 
   a better one is how he said chemical weapons should be used on tribespeople . 
  that still is n't the best example , horrible though `` gas the tribespeople '' sounds , he was referring to using tear gas to pacify rebelling tribes . 
  more of a brutal method of putting rebellions down than the `` let 's genocide them '' image that comes to mind . 
  that was more the colonial administration 's fault rather than churchill 's . 
  what you can blame churchill for is not sending food aid to bengal when he had the opportunity , however that was because there was a famine in greece at the time as well and churchill wanted to send food there instead , partly because they were fighting the nazis in greece , and also because of his racist views where he held the lives of greeks in a higher regard than those who lived in india . 
  actually he was following orders . 
  secretary of defense george marshall said to him [ `` we want you to feel unhampered tactically and strategically to proceed north of the 38th parallel . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_war#un_forces_cross_partition_line_.28september_.e2.80.93_october_1950.29 ), 
  look at what happened in the korean war . 
  originally the un got involved to push back the invasion to the border , then they decided `` screw it we 're unifying korea now '' ( despite this being the thing they went to war to avoid ) . 
  the un can flex it 's muscles when it wants to . 
  depends on the law but sometimes yes we should . 
  for example , protecting the rights of minorities . 
  no matter how many people want to get rid of them you should never allow that to happen . 
  only 2 years ago , and not by choice . 
  your supreme court forced the nearly 3/4 of states who had it illegal to legalise it . 
  were it not for the supreme court decision , gay marriage would currently be illegal in 36 states . 
  do n't act like america championed gay marriage when almost 3/4 of your states had to be dragged into the 21st century by the simple fact that federal law overrides state law . 
  would you like to talk about your barbaric healthcare system , or your draconian policing of drugs ? 
  you know whilst we 're on the whole '' america is always lagging behind social issues '' topic . 
  repeating the same line does n't make it true . 
  as it turns out some countries are better at some things than others . 
  america beat germany to gay marriage , but your healthcare system is decades behind most western countries . 
  likewise with drugs , legalisation of cannabis is far ahead of many countries , but the attitude of the police in places where it 's illegal is outright draconian . 
  most of the ones i 'm aware of have been turned into defibrillator stations . 
  i can picture what went through the designer 's head when they got their idea . 
  `` what if panama , but more ? '', 
  yodel . 
  fine , you can go first but only so when we invade we can call it a liberation, 
  i hear you 're a racist now father .
