that already happened in the 8th century though when the umayyads invaded spain . 
  [ the county of barcelona ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/county_of_barcelona ) and the [ kingdom of aragon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crown_of_aragon ) would probably count as independent catalan countries . 
  it does n't . 
  afaik it has enough seats for somewhere between 2/3 and 3/4 of all mps, 
  caused being the key word here . 
  past tense not current . 
  good thing you 're not a cop then . 
  ever heard of a proportional response ? 
  sure throwing a bottle at a cop is a crime and should be punished but not by death . 
   by being governed , in part , by people in brussels who they never elected . 
  you mean the eu parliament ? 
  the same one we elect 73 meps to ? 
  do go on about how they were never elected . 
  especially the bit about trying to deflect away from the nazis by mentioning a beer hall in munich . 
  there are better options if we 're being honest . 
  more like 1528 . 
  quite a bit of looting took place the year before . 
  the storming of the bastille and the french revolution in general , is one of the most important moments not only in french history but in world history . 
  why should n't it be celebrated ? 
  wellington i disagree with since he was never actually ruler ( technically pm but hardly a memorable one ) we 're getting victoria in the next civ but i disagree on the principle that she ruled over britain , not england . 
  who needs europe when you 've got india or africa ? 
  imo joan of arc was a bad choice since she was never a leader of france . 
  tbf he 's leading the aztecs , not mexico . 
  saved england from religious infighting , saved england from the spanish , oversaw a golden age of culture and by not having kids eventually saw the creation of the uk . 
  definitely the best actual leader of england in any civ game ( granted the only other one was henry viii ), 
  more a leader of britain than just england though , not that that 's stopped civ doing that before , and again with victoria in civ vi, 
   her father henry vii that 's her grandfather , henry viii was her dad . 
  ... we 're still in the eu right now and we can use this just as much as you can . 
  as much as i dislike cameron i 'm sort of relishing every day we still have him in charge instead of may/gove . 
  as for boris i 'd say he 's as bad as gove ( though may outclasses both of them in awfulness ) but at least gove is fundamentally unlikeable , not being a conservative supporter i 'd much rather have a hated pm than a loveable pm . 
  tries to come across as a loveable buffoon but from many accounts this is pretty much just an act he puts on , he 's actually a very shrewd politician . 
  most people i know ( granted that almost all of them are left of centre . ), 
  loathe the idea of boris being pm , though i ca n't say that may or gove are any better alternatives . 
  as for the whole did n't want to leave thing , it 's probably true . 
  from what i 've read he was pro eu up until a year or so ago then came out as one of the leaders of leave as many speculated he hoped doing well ( but not winning ) in the referendum would destabilise cameron 's leadership and open the door for him . 
  just imagine the conversation going on in that picture cyclist : `` knob head ! '', 
  boris : `` wear a helmet ! '', 
  the pound dropped because of uncertainty . 
  now we 're certain that the future is uncertain so that 'll stabilise it a bit , it 'll go back up but not brilliantly . 
  nope , scottish independence became a huge part of the 2011 scottish elections , our membership in the eu only really became a big issue last year . 
  the eu is n't oppressive , hence they allow us to leave any time we want . 
  today is n't independence day but rest assured it will come , as scotland and possibly northern ireland leave they will have their , today may one day be know as the death day of the uk . 
  no one knows . 
  there were no real post brexit plans from the leave side . 
  i 'm trying to think of what will happen and nothing seems good . 
  best case scenario is a short term economic depression , worst case is the death of the uk and an economic collapse . 
  it 's already confirmed leave, 
   the independence of having your own laws decided by people elected by the british population . 
  eu laws are/were voted on by british people elected by british people . 
  that 's just a matter of pride , it 's not a practical solution . 
   and this is a very small price to pay for sovereignty . 
  we already had sovereignty , all major eu legislation was decided by consensus , all 28 nations had to agree . 
  and i fail to see how the death of our country is a small price to pay . 
   you moved from a monarchy to a democracy without interruptions , for crying out loud . 
  over the course of about 700 years though , so i 'm not sure how viable a solution that is . 
   independence is not bullshit . 
  what independence ? 
   you 're leaving a sinking ship and you were the first ones to wake up to it no what 's happening is that we 're in a plane that 52 % of the passengers think is going down and they 've forced all of us to jump out without a parachute . 
  we might be fine but fuck knows what 'll actually happen , all we can say is that it 'll probably go bad . 
   even if you 're doubting it now you 'll be glad you got out in time in just a few years when the eu finally falls apart . 
  if the eu falls apart it 'll be our fault . 
  we ca n't say if it would 've fallen apart with us in it . 
   til there are benefits to pan-european legislation . 
  you know how a shop can buy say 1000 of item x and get a better deal than you can for buying 1 of item x ? 
  trade deals are a bit like that , we 've got less pulling power in the world economy , everyone can negotiate worse deals for us because we 're not as big a share any more . 
  most of them are , voted for their ego at the expense of my , and other young people 's future . 
  a lot of people voted to get rid of immigrants , we ca n't get rid of people here already and unless we want to fuck our economy by leaving the single market we ca n't stop eu immigration . 
  just shows how badly people understand issues . 
  the british empire worked because we were top dog . 
  we are n't any more , we 're still a big fish but the pond is gigantic . 
  our economy is in all likelihood going to get hit very badly , our currency is currently in freefall , we no longer have the protection of rights from the european courts , we no longer get the benefits of pan-european legislation and it 's looking incredibly likely that scotland will leave now . 
  many people date the start of the empire to england 's first colonies in america , today could be marked as the end of the uk . 
  we 've got jack shit now and for what ? 
  the pride that only british people can make our laws ? 
  that 's bullshit that 's not worth ruining our country over . 
  technically yes but there 's quite a lot preventing us , we 'd have to completely restructure our political system . 
  since we do n't have a codified constitution there is no higher power than parliament . 
  the only way we can challenge laws is through general elections and if scotland now leaves which looks increasingly likely we 've got a country with a massive conservative majority . 
  this whole thing feels like an 8 year old running away from home . 
  they think they 've got a great idea but do n't realise how bad a decision it is . 
  the government is n't all for remain . 
  the split in the conservative party is huge on this issue . 
  unless we leave that , not that that 's a sane thing to do but given that we 've voted to leave it seems that sense is in such short supply . 
  they can do more than one thing at once . 
  they 're trying to repeal the human rights act and enact mass surveillance . 
  what freedom ? 
  we 've got a government hell bent on curbing our rights and now no eu court to protect them, 
  really because it 's close to 1 million in favour of leave and growing . 
  britain 's going to leave and it feels shitty . 
  did not know that , cheers . 
  gibraltar is n't either but they got a vote, 
  oh it would be complete political suicide to not go with the result , still there 's a chance however small . 
  how are elections done in spain ? 
  here its all by hand , counted by hand . 
  plus we have especially large areas voting tonight , far fewer than in a general election . 
  the referendum is advisory it 's not binding in any way . 
  but yeah , all you need is 1 vote more to win . 
  we do n't you moron . 
  voting to stay in or leave the eu . 
  pros for staying - eu benefits like being able to work/live in any eu country , lot of beneficial legislation .
