  which is fair enough really , she 's got loads of relatives and they know she 's loaded so she 's got a lot of presents to give . 
  it 's almost impressive that they actually managed to make first past the post even worse, 
  cadburys dairy milk . 
  cadburys got bought out by kraft a few years back and turned what was easily one of our finest chocolate bars into a shitty off brand version of itself . 
  a lot of people on reddit ( generally americans ) fail to understand that no , most of us do n't want to storm buckingham palace and put old liz 's head on a spike adorning tower bridge . 
  we 're a democracy same as everyone else , not some 13th century feudal society . 
  very near to gayton iirc, 
  and let us not forget bishop 's itchington, 
  [ ed balls ] ( https://twitter.com/edballs/status/63623585020915713?lang=en-gb ), 
  actually you did , scotland is named for the scoti people , irish settlers who colonised scotland from the 5th century onwards . 
  / u/icegrillz is actually partly right here , but only because al-qaeda was n't really a unified group during the soviet invasion . 
  that being said the bulk of al-qaeda 's initial manpower and arms came from those same mujahideen in afghanistan /, 
  there 's a difference though . 
  creating genocidal dictators was never an official policy of austria . 
  funding/arming the mujahideen ( who splintered off into al-qaeda who splintered off into isis ) was a very active part of us foreign policy during the soviet invasion of afghanistan . 
  invading iraq was a part of us ( and sadly our ) foreign policy . 
  granted the mujahideen had other sources of income and arms so that 's not totally down to the us , but there 's no way that isis are nearly as big a problem as they are today without the us led invasion of iraq and their botched withdrawal . 
   no , that 's misinformation . 
  the us supported the afghan muj which later turned out to be allies during the invasion and never had any contact with bin laden . 
  bin laden aside , you do know that al-qaeda 's origins comes from those mujahideen fighters you financed and armed in afghanistan right ? 
   more misinformation , isis grew in power in syria , a war funded by european nations like russia and when the us wanted to act to stop them european nations blocked it . 
  that is patently false , isis started out as [ islamic state of ** iraq ** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_state_of_iraq ) , who grew in power after the vacuum left by us withdrawal . 
  because the end of the withdrawal , and subsequent rise of isi , preceded the syrian civil war by a few months it meant that isi was able to quite easily exploit the new found chaos , becoming isis . 
  no us invasion of iraq and there 's no isi which means no isis . 
   so not only did you fail to address the question in any way , wrong again here . 
  by simply answering the question they 're addressing it . 
  you 're asking people their opinions so there is no right or wrong answer . 
  even if you believe that the us invasion of iraq had nothing to do with the rise of isis ( which is so grossly wrong it boggles the mind ) the fact that other people do n't think that is n't wrong . 
   you 're off topic rants were factually incorrect . 
  small point here , if you 're ( incorrectly ) going to call out people saying they 're factually wrong it 's probably best to make sure you spell your accusation correctly . 
  it 's `` your '' , not `` you 're '' . 
  equally though there are many rich people born into privilege , is that wrong ? 
  unless you 're proposing 100 % inheritance tax there are always those who will be born into privilege , monarchy or not . 
   i have never heard any of my friends saying `` i 'm going to london for the queen '' . 
  no but you will get a lot of people who want to see things like the changing of the guard or those guards with the silly hats , neither of which would be here without the monarchy . 
  it 's almost never the main factor but it can be one that tips the scale if you 're choosing between several locations . 
  it seems that you oppose monarchies for purely ideological reasons which i completely understand and pretty much agree with . 
  there is no sane reason why someone should be head of state by virtue of having been born to the right family . 
  however when it comes to practical reasons i really ca n't justify getting rid of them . 
  as far as i can see there 's no tangible benefit other than saying we 're not ruled over by an arbitrary ruler but furthermore there are actually quite a few downsides . 
  it 's very much a head v heart scenario . 
  my heart says that this situation of having a hereditary head of state is ridiculous , but my head says that i prefer this situation to any others i can think of . 
  fat , art and cooking were the funniest things to us 13 year olds in high school german classes . 
  a simpler time, 
  similarly this is why the toyota mr2 is simply called the toyota mr in france , as mr2 in french sounds very similar to the french word `` merdeux '' which means `` shitty '', 
  nekane is a close 2nd . 
  amarna miller probably 3rd . 
  the only reason they get tax money any more is because they give the revenue from the crown estate to the government in return for the tax money . 
  it 's not as if we just give them money , they actually provide something in return . 
  12 of 48 would be one quarter , not one half . 
   former parts of norway . 
  most of england falls under that classification . 
  britain apologised to the swiss for accidentally bombing one of their towns iirc not exactly what you 're looking for but you 'll be hard pressed to find people apologising for actions in what many people defined as a total war . 
  not too many but sabaton ( sweden ) and sigur r\u00f3s ( iceland ) are some of my favourites . 
  that 's not really saving money . 
  it 's buying food , and then eating it . 
  you know like how most people do . 
   not all of them . 
  in 1776 there was a rather successful one . 
  only because britain was fighting france and spain at the same time and that it took about 6 weeks to send troops/supplies to america and in anycase that was hardly against the us government . 
   and the reason that most of these have failed such as the civil war for example , was because the american government did not lose the support of the american military in the north . 
  in the civil war they lost many of their greatest generals . 
  longstreet had served with distinction in the mexican-american war and lee was singled out by winfield scott for top command to lincoln before he defected . 
   or foreign countries invading , america has the world 's most powerful military , 1000s of nukes , no real enemies in the americas and 2 oceans either side of you . 
  no one is ever invading america . 
   american citizens will be able to throw off those tyrannical systems , and this could be seen as an extension of self defense . 
  a common counter argument to this is ; well thwy have tanks , and planes , and nukes , and all sorts of nasty things , so guns would n't help us anyway . 
  and that is true , but with guns we have a small chance , and without them , we have almost none , so it 's better to have an unlikely chance than none at all . 
  that 's not actually my issue with that line of thinking . 
  my issue is that plenty of people have tried armed resistance against the us government and all of them have failed . 
  i 've had a similar argument many a time on reddit . 
  when people say they need a gun for `` protection '' i ask , `` why the hell do you live somewhere where you 're not safe without a gun ?!? '', 
  move somewhere safe or get your government to do something about it . 
  if you lived in somewhere like kabul or baghdad i can accept that you probably do need a gun there and that the government ca n't do much about the safety problems . 
  it 's not the same when you live in rural maine or new york . 
  the over affection many americans have towards your flag . 
  texas v johnson for example is a whole list of things that sound nutty over here . 
  * uproar over a burnt flag ( maybe less so in more nationalistic circles ) * there being laws against burning flags * the guy who took parts of the burnt flag home and buried them . 
  not to mention the recent `` controversy '' over kaley cuoco letting her dog sit on a flag on the ground and that she even apologised for it , that 's a load of bollocks . 
  at the end of the day a flag is nothing more than a piece of cloth with a fancy design on it , there 's no reason why some people get so offended by people `` desecrating '' it . 
  edit : christ i 've been reading up on it a bit more , apparently there have been several attempts since then to make desecrating the flag illegal under the constitution . 
  that 'd be a tricky one to figure out as both texas v. johnson and united states v. eichman held that flag burning was protected under the 1st amendment . 
  would it somehow nullify the 1st amendment ( i 'm guessing no ) or could you use the constitution to strike down another part of the constitution . 
  thank god it did n't pass ( though only by 1 senate vote ) , that 'd be such an affront to free expression . 
  cash point . 
   the high-profile policing of airports and major rail stations are just about the only places you will see armed police patrolling outside of ni . 
  parliament and downing street as well, 
  what gets me is how some people ca n't even differentiate between the languages , names especially . 
  because texas and oregon have essentially the same culture with the exception of a few regional quirks . 
  if you have someone from austin and someone from portland and they 'll speak the same language , know the same traditions and have many things that they can talk about because their upbringing is n't going to be all that different . 
  you get someone from london and someone from budapest and they wo n't speak the same language , wo n't know each other 's cultural traditions and will have different upbringings with different values . 
  that is a cultural difference . 
  oregon and texas have regional differences and nothing more , saying they 're like different countries is just showing how ignorant op is . 
  i 'd add `` i vow to thee , my country '' in there as well . 
  not that bad to play ( not that i 've ever played it outside of pe lessons ) , mind numbingly boring to watch , though it 's not as bad as cricket . 
  my knowledge of the rules extends little further than what one can learn from wii sports . 
  do n't know enough about france but would assume no . 
  technically in the uk you can be arrested for saying offensive things on twitter but that happens so rarely it 's a non issue . 
  our pm posted a happy new years message and the most common reply was something like `` fuck off you pig fucking cunt '' . 
  so far no one has been arrested .
