  swedish pagans !?!?!, 
  good lord , we 'll have to go to hell and back to deal with them . 
  it 's not the root of every issue , just a lot of them . 
  fptp did n't give us what is possibly the least effective opposition in british political history . 
  our government has gotten away with so much shit because labour are too busy fighting themselves than fighting the nhs crisis , the stripping away of benefits , the hard brexit being forced upon us with no mandate . 
  never can i remember an opposition having so much ammunition ( well perhaps the democrats in the us right now ) and it pains me that they are barely exploiting any of it . 
  tbf it 's more of a shit `` some '' americans say , rather than shit every american says , and most of the time it 's making fun of ignorant americans who think that the difference between nyc and rural maine is as stark a difference as that between france and spain . 
  you have n't spent enough time on worldnews or shitamericanssay , half the time they describe sweden as a `` rapefugeeistan hell hole '' , the other half its a `` homogeneous socialist paradise '' . 
  i agree with i vow to thee my country because it is amazing , i do have reservations about jerusalem however since it would be a bit odd having a national anthem that is named after a place that is n't in our country . 
  die welle , das boot , the baader meinhof complex , and downfall are the ones i can think of off the top of my head , all german . 
  my favourite is either das boot or downfall , but frankly it 's cruel to ask someone to choose between the two since they 're both amazing . 
  `` butty '' is only for bacon or chips . 
  spot on definition for roll/bun however i 'd say you can say cob for a pretty small and slightly shit baguette . 
  in a move that surprises no one , [ left-libertarian ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/yourpoliticalcompass?ec=-6.75&amp;soc=-6.0 ) . 
  however i would say that in realist terms i see myself as a pragmatist in that i would rather work in small steps towards my ideals rather than being completely immovable from my principles . 
  a small amount of good is better than nothing and can serve as a stepping stone to greater deeds . 
  i went to watch pompey play newport away and some of the chants included `` god save the queen '' , `` engerland '' and a healthy amount of jokes involving sheep . 
  god i love football chants sometimes . 
  even us british have a love/hate relationship with the british . 
  the welsh hate the english , the scots hate the english , the northern irish hate the english , and the english hate everyone else , including other english people . 
  i know . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  well there 's national socialist , they 're pretty far right . 
  not that i 'd expect someone who says far right socialist to know the difference between socialism and national socialism, 
  you do n't know it little bot but you 've done a great service in proving my point . 
  i used to like / r/enoughtrumpspam but all it did was counteract the very thing i wanted it to do and it spammed my front page with content about trump . 
  in almost every single conceivable situation i 'd say no for two reasons . 
  no judicial system is infallible , so with the death penalty you will inevitably send innocent persons to the slaughter . 
  that is utterly wrong . 
  all humans have the right to life , and as with any right it is up to you if you wish to exercise that right or not . 
  it is not up to 12 jurors to take away your most basic right . 
  the only situation in which my opinion hazes would be in a nuremburg trial situation . 
  after the 10s of millions they killed and the millions more they made suffer , the sheer havoc they brought upon humanity , why should they be allowed to live ? 
  i know i should n't think that , that killing them wo n't solve anything . 
  but if we had the chance today to put hitler , himmler , heydrich or mengele i do n't know what punishment i 'd want for them . 
  i do n't agree with the death penalty but in a situation like this i do n't disagree with it either . 
   despite a referendum there voting 97 % in favour of the alternative option of simply staying british . 
  [ 99.8 % actually ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falkland_islands_sovereignty_referendum,_2013 ), 
  the war of jenkins ' ear . 
  we declared war on spain officially because they cut off robert jenkins ' ( a british captain ) ear as punishment for smuggling . 
  unofficially we 'd been smuggling goods into the spanish colonies for decades and since it was very lucrative , we did n't take kindly to the spanish trying to put a stop to it . 
  25,000 lives later and peace was signed with no major changes of note . 
  [ on the plus side though a pretty good song came out of our disasterous defeat at cartagena ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zzonnhxrwk ), 
  or the long winded `` robert 's your mother 's brother '', 
  be careful saying this in the colonies though , you might raise a few eyebrows or worse . 
  that was the first eurovision i watched and i remember this song being far better than it actually is . 
  10 y/o me was an idiot with no taste . 
  even so , the double meaning makes a fairly funny joke . 
  ideologically i 'm opposed to them . 
  to me it seems wrong that there is a family that is inherently better than everyone else in the uk purely by virtue of their birth . 
  on a practical side though , i do n't mind them . 
  they bring in money from tourism and the crown estate , they serve as ambassador for britain on the world stage , and they 're a fairly iconic image of britain and british culture . 
  not to mention that because they do n't need normal jobs they can dedicate their lives to doing work that would otherwise be ignored . 
  princess anne for instance has done a tremendous amount of work for numerous charities and prince phillip has helped 1000s of young people better themselves with the duke of edinburgh award . 
  then there 's also the benefit of having a politically neutral head of state . 
  unlike in america where you can have the president and congress in gridlock simply because of partisan issues , as the queen does n't get involved in politics it allows the elected representatives to get on with their jobs , not that that 's always the prefered outcome , especially considering our current government . 
  it is a complicated issue , on the one hand i hate the inequality enshrined by law , but on the other hand i like all the benefits they bring to britain . 
  i guess it really depends on how they 're performing , as long as they do good for britain i do n't mind them , but if they start acting like how you 'd expect a king of 100 + years ago would act , then they 've got to go . 
  so bosnia , albania and kosovo are n't european countries then ? 
  so bosnia , albania and kosovo are n't european countries then ? 
  some folks pay for it as well , i 'd love to get my yearly for free . 
  i feel recommendation is too tame a word to use here . 
  by the accounts i 've read of it , it is utterly terrible and in no way comparable , and that you should not watch it under any circumstances . 
  apparently it 's not even bad enough to be so bad it 's good , it 's just straight up terrible . 
  peep show is a comedy about two friends who share a flat , one being a socially awkward and cynical person who 's stuck in boring job , the other being an unemployed , talentless slacker . 
  the show follows their search for love and work . 
  it is quite brilliant in it 's use of a first person pov and inner monologues , hence the name `` peep show '' . 
  the inbetweeners is a fantastic show about the insight of the lives of 4 friends in college/sixth form ( 16-18 in britain ) , from terrible in jokes , chasing girls ( unsuccessfully ) , the crappy first car/job and seeing their first experiences of going to the pub , going to a concert , trying drugs . 
  if you 're into coming of age comedies taken to the extreme there truly is nothing better . 
  if you like the idea of the inbetweeners but want a far more drama oriented series then watch skins . 
  not much in the way of comedy , it 's far more focused on the darker issues that affect sixth formers , misuse of drugs , mental conditions , death , sexuality , and so on . 
  they get a new cast every 2 seasons ( because you 're only in sixth form for two years ) so you might find you like one group of characters better than another . 
  prior to playing victoria 2 i 'd never heard of it , if i 'm playing italy it 's rightful italian clay , if i 'm playing austria it 's rightful austrian clay , if i 'm playing neither i either leave it alone or let the weaker one have it . 
  irl i do n't really know much more than it being a mostly german speaking part of italy . 
  as for which country they should be a part of i 'm all for self determination . 
  if it was consistently jumper weather in the day and big fluffy coat weather at night i could hardly be happier . 
   the guards will not fall over not true , one time i went one of the guards tripped up as they were marching off to be replaced . 
  a photo of actual romans ? 
  next you 'll be telling me [ they had videos . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xqwqxqubx8 ), 
  operation mincemeat is a personal favourite . 
  basically the british government took the body of glyndwr michael , a homeless man who died from eating rat poison , and used it to create the persona of major william martin , an entirely fake british officer who supposedly drowned off the coast of spain . 
  being under the control of the dictator franco , the british knew that spain shared intelligence with the nazis and used this to their advantage . 
  you see in major martin 's possession was a briefcase that contained documents that alluded to an allied invasion of greece . 
  the nazis fell hook , line and sinker for this and moved many divisions from around the mediterranean to greece . 
  hitler was supposedly shocked when weeks later the allies invaded sicily . 
  so sure was he that the greece plan was real for two weeks he refused to transfer the troops to sicily as he believed it was merely a diversion . 
  my favourite part though is the amount of detail they put into creating the life of a dead man . 
  for example he was given the rank of acting major because that was senior enough to be entrusted with sensitive documents , but not so senior that any intelligence operatives should be expected to know him . 
  on his corpse they also gave him a wallet full of personal effects , small change , bus tickets , a photo of his `` fianc\u00e9 '' ( actually one of the clerks working in british intelligence ) , love letters , a receipt for an engagement ring , false documents , a letter from the joint manager of lloyds bank demanding an overdraft payment , ticket stubs , and they even gave him high quality underwear so as to make his rank more believable . 
  british intelligence even posted his `` death '' in the times as was standard with deceased british military personnel , and made `` significant efforts '' to retrieve the fake plans from the spanish before they could hand it over to the germans in order to emphasise the importance and legitimacy of the plans . 
  what 's even more interesting is that this plan was used again later in the war , but in reverse . 
  the left a dead guy in a landing craft that was dumped at sea with plans detailing the invasion of france . 
  the nazis saw this and thought `` we 're not falling for this again '' and refused to fall for the allies ' bait . 
  that captured plan detailed an invasion of normandy , which of course was the real target all along . 
  it also serendipitously helped operation market garden , an officer carrying the allied plans was killed but the germans assumed they were also fakes and disregarded them when deploying their troops . 
  the plans were actually very much real and it was pot luck that the germans disregarded them . 
  perhaps not the most interesting in scope but certainly one of the most fascinating . 
  but at least you got a sick album for that century of trouble . 
  round where i live it 's maccies ( pronounced mack-ees ) and the teenagers who hang out in their car park because they 're not old enough to drink are the maccies crew .
