i visited recently and fell in love . 
  the people , the architecture , the weather , the lifestyle , the language , the scenery ( i know , nz has pretty scenery too but in a different way ) . 
  i want to go back !, 
  :( germany , spain and the czech republic are my other favourites . 
  well , you and / u/salvaxe are right , i ca n't disagree with your points . 
  it seems a big problem is that in many places , a woman must often choose between her kids and her career . 
  you ca n't ignore that there are increasing numbers of people who do n't want to have children , though ( although i do n't understand not wanting to , personally ) . 
  also , i was just looking at the demographics of some european countries and it seems that a few like ireland , slovakia , russia and ukraine have birthrates being the highest in around 2 decades , so i guess the trend is reversible . 
  anyway , i 'm feeling silly so i 'll bow out . 
  there 's not actually much governments can do to counter low birth rates . 
  it 's something the whole world will face on the long term , only europe and east asia got there first . 
  * the capital city is dublin , around 4.5 million people live in the country , a similar amount to new zealand ( although growing much faster ) . 
  * amazing accents ( in english ) , irish is an interesting language . 
  * one of the richest countries in the world per person although coming out of an economic crisis at the moment . 
  part of the eu and eurozone . 
  it was one of western europe 's poorest countries fairly recently . 
  * very rainy and green . 
  not too warm . 
  * large diaspora ( i 'm an irish citizen :d ) . 
  * the irish have a reputation for being fun and welcoming people . 
  * strongly catholic in the past , but the population is beginning to become much less religious . 
  * the cranberries . 
  * neutral in wwii . 
  it looks as though you 're taking this far too seriously . 
  if it bothers you , just ignore it . 
  true , i never thought of it that way . 
  the ottoman empire was seated in istanbul , once owned a massive part of the world . 
  its culture is a mixture of middle eastern and mediterranean european . 
  it 's a very popular tourist destination ( even for nzers ) . 
  the gallipoli campaign was fought there , which is generally seen as the focal point for new zealand 's involvement in wwi . 
  turks like new zealanders and australians , apparently . 
  it is one of the most democratic muslim majority countries in the world ( although the current protests are making people doubt that ) . 
  it is ( was ? ), 
  an eu candidate , but there does n't seem to be any progress from either side for that . 
  i want to go there . 
  2nd day of winter here and 19 degrees ... take that europe !, 
  5 babies simultaneously at the age of 23 ? 
  that 'll be tough . 
  all the best to her though . 
  i 'm guessing that these protests are about more than just the park ? 
  wow , his death sounded pretty horrible . 
  well , i appreciate the effort !, 
  anschluss us please ? 
  damn europe and your beautiful cities :(, 
  love you all too < 3, 
  uh , i would n't be so sure about the last bit . 
  holy shit . 
  how do people get so worked up about something which does n't affect them ? 
  eastern orthodoxy : the religion of peace . 
  i know what you mean , but it 'd be a good thing if azerbaijan did n't give russia any points this year ( because it would mean the contest is starting to become maybe slightly less political ) . 
  i just find it funny that the azeri government is investigating this . 
  because russia 's song was terrible . . ? 
  lol , it 's funny how seriously the ex-ussr countries take eurovision . 
  yeah i must admit i do n't know much about kosovo . 
  although is n't it true that most of the serbs in kosovo live in the northern part ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand why people want to keep a part of their country which does n't want to be part of their country . 
  just hold a referendum and respect the result . 
  although i should add that i think nationalism is stupid . 
  mine too , and i 'm not even european . 
  edit : well i kinda am but anyway . 
  that 's a shame . 
  here in nz when they legalised it the opponents tried to call a referendum but it never happened . 
  i assume the referendum would n't have passed anyway though . 
  edit : autocorrect meant this did n't make sense . 
  the video does n't work for me . 
  i do n't get all the hate for eurovision though - sure , most of the performances are tacky and over-the-top , but overall it 's entertaining and fun . 
  i wish new zealand was involved in something like this ... lol . 
  also - montenegro :(, 
  would the referendum be likely to pass ? 
  yep , in christchurch , nz ( where i live ) you have the earthquake rebuild about to start ( well , hopefully ... but that 's another story ) and we 're getting a lot of irish coming over . 
  i 'm an irish citizen myself , although i was born in nz . 
  we feel for you though - new zealand , like ireland , has one of the worst brain drains in the world ( the open border with australia makes this a lot worse ) . 
  but with a terrible average wage-to-living costs ratio here , i can see why . 
  you just keep coming back ... 
  normally you are , yes , but english pronunciation is weird and `` europe '' has a `` y '' ( or `` j '' if you speak certain languages ) sound at the start in english . 
  i think u/nevinr4 means that the use of `` an '' before `` european union '' soudns wrong ( as opposed to `` a '' ) , not the european union itself . 
  makes sense . 
  madrid was the most ugly city i 've ever seen until i got into the central city . 
  it seems with the post-communist countries especially , there are many gems hidden by horrible architecture , so i could understand belgrade being like that . 
  depends on where you go :p . not many people live in the places with beautiful scenery , lol . 
  but maybe that 's a good thing !, 
  edit : wellington is a pretty scenic city though . 
  i 've always heard belgrade called an ugly ( but still interesting ) city . 
  that proves that one wrong . 
  ... wow , amazing bedroom view . 
  mine is a boring suburban street , but that 's new zealand for you . 
  i guess most black metal bands mainly criticise christianity so people notice when they criticise islam instead . 
  i agree though , it makes me laugh that some prople can make fun of christianity so easily but will call people `` racist '' or `` xenophobic '' when they do the same for islam . 
  i do n't know , i found that part unclear , but i think he is implying that the christian times were part of the `` bad years '' . 
  people are too sensitive . 
  black metal bands are generally anti-religious , nothing new . 
  so i 'm danish . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  yep . 
  saudi arabia is quite possibly the nation which poses the greatest threat to the world ( particularly the muslim world ) . 
  where to go ? 
  it depends on what kind of activities , weather etc appeal to you . 
  personally , i 'd pick germany , austria , the czech republic , hungary or spain . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have the time of your life wherever you go though ,
