i 've always thought we should have hail columbia . 
  it 's like this guy we have in the states , richard spencer . 
  he looks like some normalish guy but he 's a big far-right thinker . 
  i also met a guy from [ pnr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_renovator_party ) at a caf\u00e9 in lisbon once and he just seemed like some nice old man . 
  he was actually pretty friendly with me , even though i 'm obviously a foreigner . 
  the whole thing felt really creepy and awkward . 
  well for me i chose it since i 've had a few portuguese online friends for a while . 
  i initially started with brazilian on duolingo but i realized how different the accents are and i felt that brazilian portuguese sounded ugly so i searched for resources using european portuguese ( surprisingly , they do exist ) . 
  for the accent , i just sent recordings of myself talking to a tuga friend and she sent me her saying the same thing . 
  i think some are language fans , some like the literature/culture/history , and some might have a dream of becoming an astronaut . 
  not really trying to compare them at all , but it is predictable that you 'll find those types of people in those classes . 
  i ca n't say this is the case for russian , but in german classes what 's much more common than neo-nazis is people who want to learn it because of ancestry and heritage . 
   i would n't be too pleased to know he was a far-right or far-left freak he bought into some propaganda in russian classes in the states , you always seem to find that one guy who 's ( not so ) secretly a stalin fan . 
  just like how german classes have the odd semi-closeted neo-nazi and japanese classes have weeaboos . 
  i find that especially true with regional languages in spain . 
  i was in catalonia earlier in summer and people treated me like some kind of celebrity . 
   i will be hella shocked i found someone who speaks european portuguese . 
  the reaction i usually get is `` how did you even learn our accent ? '', 
  is that first one a multi-family residence ? 
  do you share your uni house with other students ? 
  how many ? 
  not even in the high pyrenees ? 
  i was there in june and some of it reminded me of the western us . 
  the catalan pyrenees blew me away , and i 'm saying this as someone who used to live in colorado and has climbed my fair share of 4000m peaks here in the states . 
  i 've been to portugal twice and i have a lot of portuguese friends . 
  we 'll trade you one of those for an h3 here . 
  in that case , who actually attends , then ? 
   pnr my tuga friends said that you hear about them on the news but never see them in real life . 
  meanwhile , on my first day in lisbon last year i met a member in a caf\u00e9 . 
  he just started chatting with me out of the blue , he could tell i was foreign ( he thought i was french at first ) but did n't seem to mind me . 
  it was mostly a semi-incoherent rant about how he did n't like muslims and chinese and bragged about how he fought in the colonial wars . 
   members of the church of sweden tend to be nonreligious what are clergy and attendees like ? 
  i 've always imagined national churches in northern europe being a bit like the episcopal church in the us ( which probably would be our national church if we had one ) in that most parishioners and even many clergy are liberal or non-religious people who want to be in touch with cultural traditions for one reason or another . 
  american but a bit of a `` lusophile . '', 
  i 'd totally move to portugal in a heartbeat if a job in my field were there , but i do n't see that as very likely . 
  it does n't have to be american in origin to be an american influence . 
  look at christmas trees . 
  those were brought here by german immigrants and now you see them in japan , and i do n't think it 's because a bunch of germans immigrated to japan ... 
  not bases , per se , but some german air force units have access to us facilities and train here because the weather is better . 
  western europe is pretty broad . 
  the modern idea of it was largely shaped by the cold war . 
  what about pnr ? 
  when i was at a cafe in lisbon this old dude just casually started chatting with me about how he was a pnr member and showed me his membership card . 
   sw chief is the one that vaguely does route 66 , is n't it ? 
  yep , i took it to new mexico but it ends in los angeles . 
   personally i 'd love to do one of the great amtrak routes , the california zephyr or the empire builder i 'm honestly surprised the `` great american rail trip '' is n't a thing . 
  it 's true that rail travel in the country is a joke , but the routes that you mentioned along with the southwest chief are incredibly beautiful , especially with the [ lounge cars ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/155/427841797_cb5a9e0604_b.jpg ) . 
  when i was 18 , some of my buddies from scouts and i took the sw chief from chicago to raton and it was the trip of a lifetime . 
   the best food scene in the us in every category from street food to haute cuisine . 
  as a chicagoan who loves portuguese food , i had to pick the one category chicago has nothing to offer in . 
  a friend of mine from high wycombe went to florida once and he said these people were all shocked and said `` listen to this guy !, 
  he 's talking like the beatles ! '', 
  that 's the first i 've ever heard of european pt being taught . 
  i managed to teach myself european portuguese because i have a lot of portuguese friends , but almost all of the books/software/apps / courses i could find were brazilian . 
  do they teach european or brazilian portuguese ? 
  how much is svp comparable to france 's front nationale or the trumpist wing of american politics ? 
  does she have any tensions with her parents because of that ? 
  my dad 's family is hessian/prussian ( in ancestry , culturally they 're all americans ) and they 're mostly brunettes , but my great grandfather on my mom 's side was bavarian and looked like he could have easily been spanish , italian , or portuguese . 
  occitan is it 's own language rather than a dialect , no ? 
  what are the chances that i 'd hear it in the wild while in toulouse this summer ? 
  i 've been learning catalan and i 'd say it 's a very underrated language . 
  granted , i have really weird tastes in languages . 
  most people laugh when i say i like european portuguese . 
  i 've gotten almost the same thing . 
  i have a german surname so people in grade school would make a bunch of nazi jokes , even though i would n't have really considered myself `` german '' at all and a lot of those kids probably had german ancestry , themselves . 
  another time we were talking about ethnic heritage in middle school ( a common topic in america , as some of you may know ) and i said most of mine was from germany . 
  this one girl said `` but . . you have brown hair and germans are all blond !, 
  you must be jewish or italian or something ! '', 
  not to get too off topic , but do you see trump-chavez similarities ? 
  the 1993 constitution ? 
  to be fair , the unification of germany itself was n't the major event that changed the world , but rather the whole fall of the east bloc was . 
  portugal is sort of my `` home base '' in europe , and lisbon is a great place to visit . 
  some northern portuguese complain about lisbon ( some of which is justified , some is n't ) , but it is definitely the heart of the country . 
  lisbon seems to be the new hot place for tourists , and i 've noticed a lot of international meetings there like the web summit . 
  for the most part , i think it 's unique to chicago , even in the us . 
  when i was in colorado , denverites never seemed to have an issue with people from littleton saying they were from denver . 
  i do n't know anyone from new york or los angeles , though , so i 'm not sure how much it applies to other major cities in the us . 
  i took the train from lisbon to sintra once , and for virtually the whole way it just felt like a long continuation of the city . 
  the only area i 've heard of lisboetas seeing differently is cascais , but some of that is because it 's supposed to be more of an upper class suburb . 
  i have a friend from caldas da rainha who is technically from the \u00d3bidos municipality but she always says she 's from caldas since she went to high school there , her parents worked there , did most of her socializing there , etc. 
  she studies in porto now and i 've noticed a few of the towns up there are sometimes thought of differently , even if they 're in the porto district ( matosinhos sticks out , in particular ) . 
  that 's one thing i realized pretty quickly when getting to know europeans . 
  in the areas around major cities , almost all of it seems to be high density apartment buildings rather than the american style with big lawns , two story houses , picket fences , etc. 
  ah , well in that case i see what you mean . 
  the biggest difference seems to be that most younger people in portugal seem to be going to uni and most of their parents did n't . 
  i 've also read the `` you need to become a doctor '' cult is a bit prevalent there , i have a friend whose mom is extremely bitter that she 's studying physics at university of porto instead of medicine . 
   portugal they actually have very good english , most american and british media in portugal is subbed instead of dubbed so they get a lot through osmosis , compared to france , italy , and spain where most media is dubbed . 
   i never noticed any tension in portugal a friend of mine told me that where he lives ( \u00d3bidos ) the older people do n't vote since they see it as kind of useless since they grew up under the dictatorship , and it enables a lot of corruption . 
  there 's definitely the `` loud americans '' and all , but if i were in paris and saw a guy walking down the street wearing sweat pants , a chicago cubs hoodie , and baseball cap , i would n't think he were french ... 
  some of my european friends have told me that i `` do n't look very american , '' so there 's definitely an `` american look . '', 
  when i traveled in portugal , i got approached/spoken to in french and occasionally spanish almost as much as i got approached in english or portuguese . 
  are n't attitudes on franco pretty varied by the region ? 
  most catalans i 've met have said that in that region , pretty much everybody hates franco , but some galicians have told me that the older people there often remember the regime positively . 
  i 'm curious , what is lutheran worship like in denmark and other european countries ? 
  i 've always understood it to have more importance on liturgy and be more `` catholic '' in appearance than in the us . 
  i was raised lutheran ( missouri synod ) , and the worship was very modernized , i.e. 
  rock bands , power point presentations during sermons , etc. 
  i 've been in a slightly related situation , recently i 've been learning catalan so people from catalonia are always shocked to see a foreigner who even knows any of it . 
  the same thing has happened since i 've been learning european portuguese ( instead of brazilian ) , so when i traveled in portugal or come across portuguese speakers on the internet , they 're a bit surprised to hear european portuguese spoken by a foreigner . 
  when i 've traveled in canada , it felt just like america in more ways than one , so i see what you mean .
