  although i think this may have had some exposure outside of nz , otherwise half the country would have had to have watched the video, 
  too bad [ slice of heaven ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0pwejanluq ) has stolen the title of national anthem already, 
  the whole thing is great . 
  feels like something that would be said in a greek epic , or shakespeare, 
  no , it does n't count , because the guy 's manning a tank . 
  if the palestinian gunman blew off the arm of an israeli civilian , then sure , let 's charge him with war crimes, 
  oh sorry , i misunderstood . 
  i thought you were meaning the idf guy being a civilian for some reason . 
  in that case , no . 
  if he 's actually fighting with proper weapons , then he 's not strictly a civilian imo, 
  yeah , i know . 
  my second sentence was talking about the palestinian gunman , not the idf guy, 
  education of the masses is dangerous to a tyranny, 
  we were too busy singing tutira mai nga iwi to sing poi e. . . 
  that 's about as australian as pavlova, 
  ^ ^ ^ i.e. 
  ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ all, 
  big energy in little spaces is pretty cool too, 
  pokarekare ana is reasonably well known abroad in the context of nz , i think . 
  kiwi soldiers taught it to korean kids in the korean war and now they have their own version of it, 
  this whole comment thread below is inspiring me to make a playlist of kiwi music , will report back later, 
  wow , do n't know how i got that mixed up . 
  point still stands though , it was either tutira mai nga iwi or nature ( and those kiwi kids songs ... ), 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgnrx6ka2l8 ) was always my favourite nesian mystik song, 
   all i did was terrorize my citizens with natural disasters and ufo 's . 
  i fail to see how that is n't educational, 
  do n't know why there 's so many downvotes , i kinda liked it . 
  not as much emotion as the original one , though, 
  i 'm really hoping that by some sheer coincidence that the first time i go to a u2 concert will be the first time they 'll play acrobat live, 
  [ the version on window in the skies is amazing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epkydpjsw0c ), 
  i reckon that 's already going to happen this election, 
  `` okay , palestine . 
  israel gets gaza , but you can have crimea . 
  deal ? '', 
  and because , you know , yuri gagarin . 
  but that was 55 years ago , so yeah . 
  i 'm sure putin would like you to think otherwise, 
  i think there has been some affection between them , but it 's always come across to me as a sort of sibling relationship - oliver 's protective of her in a similar way to how he 's protective of thea, 
  nah , it 's sky camouflage - sit up on top of a hill , and blend into the sky . 
  well yeah , i sort of understand if it 's actual stock . 
  but seriously , if it 's just going to be thrown out otherwise ? 
  is it a standalone show ? 
  ( i.e. 
  not part of a larger universe , like the mcu ), 
  is it a crime drama ? 
  does the title of the show have two words ? 
  is it true detective ? 
  damn , thought i had it there . 
  is it set in america ? 
  does it feature the fbi ? 
  has it had more than two seasons ? 
  okay , think i have it . 
  does the title have a colour in it ? 
  is it blue bloods ? 
  i showed up today, 
  awesome , that 's a relief - i was out of options otherwise !, 
  it was a good one , thanks !, 
  can someone explain what a tory is ? 
  i see it used in uk politics all the time , but never actually found out what it is, 
  even if this is the supposed political bombshell that he 's claiming it to be , would it have any effect on the election ? 
  seems people are already too wooed by john key 's smirk to change their mind , so anything that 's short of john key being arrested i doubt would have that much effect, 
  what about tripling our national debt ? 
  or the repeated attempts to screw over one of our biggest selling points ( the environment ) ? 
  oh , and then there 's the sale of profitable assets to try and cover up some of that debt he gave us, 
  a lot of younger people do n't have landlines , which means they 're not included . 
  by eliminating that demographic , the remainder seems fairly right-wing by comparison , so it 's not as much of a proper representation, 
  how many times before colin gives up ? 
  or will he keep spending his millions on it ? 
   i ca n't think of any examples - perhaps you can supply them ? 
  you better lawyer up with a comment like that, 
  i think it would be like how the shi'a clerics have declared a jihad against isis ( or is it is now ? ), 
  - you would n't get whole countries following him , but you might get an army of zealot catholics fighting of their own accord , outside of any national allegiance . 
  i always took the league of assassins to be based on the [ original assassins ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hashashin ) , who were based in the middle east and were so badass that saladin , who conquered the entire region and sent the crusaders packing decided not to fuck with them . 
  it took the mongol horde to conquer their fortresses , which did n't even kill the order and they continued to operate in secret well into the 15th century . 
  tl ; dr : league of assassins should be arabic because the original assassins were and they were badass, 
  * release the tartar sauce *, 
  my grandfather had one of those on his car . 
  my dad was driving to a party one time , through a tunnel which had a pedestrian lane as well as lanes for traffic . 
  now , part of the culture around this tunnel was that you honked your car horn if someone else did , so there was usually car horns going off at all hours as a big chain . 
  dad did this one time , and in a tunnel the `` ahooga '' noise is even louder , and as it turns out there was a pedestrian right next to him when he used the horn . 
  he arrives at the party , and after a while he hears another one of the guests talking about this dickhead that sounded his car horn right next to him when he was walking through the tunnel, 
  well , except for sounds that also first appeared within that hundred years ( i 'm looking at you , dial up ) that 's kind of what the question is, 
  well then , i guess we found out what his very particular set of skills is . 
  i started high school when it came out am now at uni . 
  waiting for the chance to go to my first u2 concert, 
  that might cause a bit of contention with pearl jam though , since their second single off lightning bolt ( their newest album ) was called sirens , and has a similar sort of vibe to u2 . 
  yeah , it is too . 
  the difference is i 'd be happy to take care of someone 's excess money for them , but i ca n't do much with a pile of carbon fiber sitting in the corner of my garage, 
   i 'm not sure if there 's precedent to say that satire persuades people to vote or not to vote . 
  * in a shock election outcome , the civilian party has won 8 % of the vote and will be the deciding party as to what the composition of the new government will be . 
  when asked about his position , party leader ben uffindell said that he is currently in talks with both parties about the elimination of hamilton , with whichever supports the proposal likely to become the next government . 
  mainly posting this because i love the line `` goodbye all you neo-nazis , i hope they give you auschwitz . '', 
  * population also includes dogs and fish . 
  actual definition of population is subject to change without notice , and is not limited to strictly living persons or animals . 
  you 're looking at it too simply . 
  sure , one primary industry company can employ more people than one high tech company . 
  but they 're not mutually exclusive - you can have 2000 people working in a plant and another 30 in a high tech company . 
  as well as that , you 're missing all the extra benefits of a space program . 
  there 's potential for tourism to the region of the spaceport , like how people would go to watch the shuttle launch . 
  but that 's not even the most important part .
