  shhh , you 're ruining it !, 
  nah , it 's actually one of the big issues over here . 
  flairs up every now and then , first with the spring bok choi riots in 1981 , then the moutoa gardens protests in ' 95 . 
  quietened down a bit now , but you still hear of big raids on illegal gardening operations every now and then, 
  worst case scenario a couple of my workmates ( as in , they 're a couple , so one car ) offered to drive too if we needed more room , which combined would add another car 's worth . 
  they let you tie the gnocchi, 
  nah , there was a big protest about that tree and it got cut down . 
  there 's no tree on one tree hill anymore, 
  i never understood suspension as a punishment - i mean , you 're essentially telling the kid that if they fuck around they get extra holidays, 
  how early is early ? 
  not on there being different plant genders , at least in some cases . 
  on the contrary , after the limits of gardening and the introduction of invasive species controls , we 've actually seen a huge resurgence in native plantlife and a return to what new zealand was like before settlement in a fair few places . 
  there 's [ talk among our politicians ] ( http://www.newshub.co.nz/politics/mallard-bring-the-moa-back-to-life-within-50-years-2014070117#axzz41g5xsolx ) to work on bringing the moa and other extinct nz species to further repair the ecosystem, 
  on a saturday ? 
  looks like only north island ones , no chance of coming south ? 
  what i love about this thing is that there 's just the right amount of truth sprinkled in that makes it believable . 
  i wish - have you ever tried to bring fruit or vegetables into the country ? 
  they 've got some of the strictest biosecurity controls , god help you if you try to bring seeds in . 
  agriculture is by far the most important industry , and the government will stop at nothing to protect it, 
  only in that regard , in most other stuff our right is further left than the democrats, 
  thanks - in my defense i was shitfaced when i posted that, 
  credit where credit 's due , i stole that from / u/sacredsnowhawk, 
   rockstar developers, 
  should go into the interview with a keytar, 
  hah , i think my head this morning might disagree with you there, 
  oh no , not me . 
  my , erm , * twin brother * . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  as soon as he said `` jetpack ! '', 
  i knew it was him, 
  could always just come and not sleep , i suppose ? 
  could have always been joining in, 
  you got a link to that ? 
  missed that one, 
  i know how inaccurate polls and online stuff like this is and everything , but i really do hope it 's a massacre like this instead of a really close call - will make the result decisive and stop them from putting spin on it, 
  oh yeah nah , i was meaning more the processing side of things - i was getting decent shots last time but was n't having much luck in post, 
  should get / u/verylittle in on this - his comments in / r/askscience read as though they 're what ifs , it 's fantastic . 
  unless you 're having it just as a ten hundred most common words thing , which might make it a bit more difficult but yeah . 
  depends on whether there 's someone who has had a full license for two and a half years or more in the car - in which case they can take passengers too . 
  if there 's not , they 're limited to 5am-10pm by themselves . 
  not that most people actually listen to that ... 
   you can probably get a mod discount on lessons . 
  shit , you paid for it ? 
  i just got mossad to help me out with it, 
  right , time for another tune thursday . 
  since we 've got the / r/chch stargazing trip tomorrow , how about some late night songs - stuff that fits driving and sitting out under the stars in the middle of the night . 
  edit : [ spotify playlist !, 
  ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/pouakai/playlist/0r4kar3t5ipv5toiiglj14 ), 
  you might be onto something there ... 
  of course , as soon as the spotify playlist goes up that 's going in along with starman and rocket man, 
  shit , do you ever sleep ? 
  eh , i like the one in the op better . 
  the golden wattle one just feels like it 's missing something , does n't look as much like an australian flag as the one in the op does . 
  it 's gon na become the australian red peak , i think, 
  only works if you 've got a pommy accent and used to be in the sas, 
  `` i hereby endorse george h. w. bush in his republican primary race in this election cycle '', 
  i 'd say it 's partially due to the prestige of having the longest flight in the world , which would bring in people wanting to travel that route just for the sake of travelling it in the same way people used to fly the sydney - dallas route on qantas . 
  any in particular you 're a fan of ? 
  what 's the flag they 've got as the australian one ? 
  it 's not the actual australian one , it 's missing the commonwealth star and has a crown above the southern cross . 
  looks like it 's the flag of victoria , weird, 
  there were a couple which were n't on spotify , but i 've added the rest, 
  we sell those fm transmitter things you plug into the cigarette lighter if you wanted one of those to be safe, 
  not with our current pm , he 's done jack shit so he 's trying to forge himself a legacy, 
  i 'd actually prefer some of the other ones suggested during the process , there were some awesome ones that actually looked decent , but did n't make the cut because `` we need a fern '', 
  it 's emirate 's hub , from which you can fly to pretty much anywhere . 
  according to the wiki page for the airport , `` as of january 2016 , there are over 7,700 weekly flights operated by 140 airlines to over 270 destinations across all six inhabited continents '' from dubai, 
  fuck , i 'd do it . 
  singapore airlines used to run a [ newark - singapore route ] ( http://www.engadget.com/2013/11/23/flying-singapore-21/ ) which was a fully business class configuration , so it was actually comfortable, 
  might be a bit rough , but as long as it 's a decent economy like emirates instead of a proper cattle class like the us ones, 
  added, 
  added them all , took a bit to find a couple of them, 
  first one was n't there , but i added the second, 
  added - threw in the `` with strings attached '' version of always on my mind too since it 's fucking awesome, 
  sweet as , i had a quick listen to carboot soul and was thinking les nuits too . 
  added them both, 
  added them , cheers - seems everyone else is liking the theme too , we 've had over double the number of songs we 've had before, 
  see , i might have actually voted for the red and black one . 
  still think there were much better flag options available though, 
  holy shit , you think we 're a fairly major country :d, 
  in all seriousness , i reckon we 'd have seen a change if it were a better flag , and maybe it was done differently . 
  the two main camps i 've heard that are opposed to it are either because they do n't like the one proposed ( the one i 'm in ) or they 're opposed because it 's john key 's pet project . 
  if he 'd taken more of a back seat and there was a different contender i reckon we 'd be getting a new flag . 
  oh right , forgot about the panama one . 
  shit , they just need to start a direct flight from panama to auckland now and you could get around the world in 3 flights . 
  nah , that one still looks like a major league sports logo, 
  tune thursday went really well today , had over twice the previous top number of submissions . 
  the theme was late night songs in honour of the upcoming / r/chch stargazing trip , and we have as of this post exactly 50 submissions . 
  the playlist is [ here ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/pouakai/playlist/0r4kar3t5ipv5toiiglj14 ) , and i 'll still take submissions if anyone else has more suggestions for it . 
  might fit better with the pm thread anyway , given the theme . 
   i could see his ck underwear, 
  you should call him calvin from now on, 
  might be more at home across the ditch then, 
  we should go all out on it , and rename our islands back to the original colony names of new munster and new ulster, 
  current opinion polls are roughly 2-to-1 in favour of keeping the flag , i 'd be surprised if it shifted that much in such a short time, 
  the credit stealing has begun ... 
  reminds me kind of of spore - huge hype , looks like a bloody awesome game , then it gets released and it 's still * okay * , but half the stuff promised was scrapped and what was left was way simpler, 
  we would 've loved it, 
  lol, 
  you 're not forcing them to adhere to it , just as you 're not forcing people to commemorate the fallen on anzac day - if you do n't believe in it it 's just a day off,
