  removed , rule 6, 
   which nearly became a german colony in the mid-19th century . 
  got a source for that ? 
  i 'm from nz and have never heard about that before - heard about the french in akaroa , but not the chathams, 
  depends on which legend you hear . 
  the one i was always told is that it was aoraki 's waka , then he fucked up the karakia to go back to the heavens so him and his brothers froze to death and became the southern alps, 
  nah , he used the hook to catch it and then beat the shit out of it until the sun agreed to go slower, 
  there 's a bunch of kids books over here in nz that deal with it all , let me see if i can find any online, 
  and how the hell does such a small increase compared to the current quota quadruple the cost ? 
  oh whoops , could 've sworn that was from , not by . 
  cheers, 
  apparently i ca n't read , cheers, 
  this photo has been posted like five times already, 
  i agree completely - and to add to it the same photos are reposted every couple weeks ( see the ted cruz one currently on the front page . ), 
  i think part of it is due to the fact that this place is essentially unmoderated , oms is for the most part hands off and only shows up every now and then to respond to this sort of post . 
  all the methods she 's suggested to deal with it have never materialised either . 
  that said , it is challenging with a place like this , since most of the photos are largely subjective and what someone sees as renaissance-esque another might not . 
  i do think something desperately needs to be done about it ( the css needs a few fixes too ) - art style flairs could be neat too, 
  managed to find an online store , but not the actual stories . 
  no idea where else you could try sorry , though i 'm happy to try and answer anything about maori mythology or history at the very least, 
  it 's disgusting some of the shit people try to say in the wake of all this shit . 
  what happened to days of mourning or whatever ? 
  i 've got my only exam today - already passed the paper , so this is just how well i pass . 
  you 'll be fine with yours , what 's it on ? 
  i 've offered a couple times , i moderate / r/newzealand and a couple others so it 's not like a do n't have experience , and i 've never had a single response from oms - not even a ` thanks , but i 'm fine as is ' - just nothing . 
  i do n't have so much of an issue with the various art styles being posted - i think art style flairs would be cool , let 's label posts that look like baroque pictures as baroque and so on . 
  it 's more the pictures that are just cool pictures and do n't look like anything , or ones that have been posted five times already that i have an issue with . 
  hey / u/openmindedskeptic , might be worth stopping the ads for a bit, 
  went for a drive after my exam today , decided to do a loop down to little river , then over the peninsula and back through lyttelton . 
  checked the maps , nothing to indicate anything of concern or whatever . 
  headed off , got to the turnoff at little river and started up the hill . 
  sign at the bottom said ` not suitable for campervans , ' and the road was steep and narrow . 
  so i figured it was just because they would n't have enough power to get up there . 
  as it turns out , it was n't suitable for caravans because the damn thing was one step above a goat track - narrow , not even gravel , no barriers and fairly big ruts . 
  eventually made it to the top in my in-no-way suitable 2wd car that would struggle on a gravel road , and was met with a gorgeous view ( and what i think was the famous milky way tree from / u/ekanttakephotos . ), 
  thankfully the other side the road was slightly better , though it did have a ford or two to drive over . 
  think next time i 'm gon na read the map slightly better, 
  goat track might be a bit harsh , but it definitely should be a 4wd track only on the little river side, 
  the port levy side was fine , it was the little river side that was a bit dicey . 
  that said , no way in hell i 'd be wanting to do it at night without a decent car . 
  cheers for the video , definitely going to try stacking foreground and background at some point . 
  timelapse at the end is pretty damn cool too, 
  eh , you 'll be right . 
  ca n't answer as to whether you should keep up with law school , but you 'll survive the exam for sure . 
  it happens every assessment for me , but i always manage to get through it, 
   i know , i 'm a little late . 
  i had my last exam today . 
  might have been . 
  3rd year politics courses are worth twice the normal , so you 're only supposed to take half the normal amount . 
  though it was piss easy , so i 'll prolly take 3 or something next semester instead, 
  can always fall back on politics , it 's like law but without the pressure ^ ^ or ^ ^ the ^ ^ job ^ ^ prospects :d, 
  you really should , it 's cool as fuck . 
  hell , sign up for 105 next semester . 
  alex tan is fucking amazing and you can get extra credit for knowing your way around a map, 
  despite how extremely unlikely it is , i 'd love it if rocketlabs took off and started developing bigger rockets , getting to a point where they launched a manned craft . 
  if only to have new zealand on a list next to the states , russia , and china, 
  glad i just went with a double major then instead of taking up law , especially since almost all of the guest lecturers in pols said they were looking for people with history / arts majors, 
  105 was comparative politics , it dealt more with international stuff when i took it ( pretty sure you were in it too that year , right ? ), 
   i might be going over my point limit ? 
  eh , that 's just a guideline . 
  if it makes it any more attractive when i did it there was n't an exam, 
  fuck ubs would be a cool job , though i think it 'd cost me more money than it 'd earn me, 
  hah , that reminds me . 
  turn onto dyers pass road on the way home , and there 's a bloody oversized truck taking up the whole road going uphill . 
  another car follows me up , so i ca n't stop and reverse , and i 'm stuck going 20kph until i can find a bay to pull into and do a u-ie to go through the tunnel, 
  do it , it 's as awesome as it sounds . 
  plus you do n't need to know what a country is , which makes 104 more confusing, 
  she showed up a couple of times in my sociology lectures back in first year too, 
  i did n't mind longmire , but then again i do n't mind most cop shows and the setting made for a decent change of pace . 
  the native american stuff is pretty cool too . 
  i watched bloodline too , but that ones definitely one you need to watch all at once and actually put effort into to actually follow it, 
  did they seriously announce a new crash bandicoot ? 
  be fancy and have brunch, 
   this is his first team meeting with us . 
  be sure to inform him about the rituals you all do first then make sure he takes an active role in leading them, 
  aww , i got my hopes up :(, 
  at least there 's hopefully gon na be more civ 6 info, 
  country / state / nation is the difficult one in ir , nobody actually knows what they are or what counts, 
  oh shit , you actually got approached ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  plus having a job actually on campus would be better than having a commute, 
  18 base game , babylon as deluxe edition bonus and mongolia as freelc within the first month . 
  five more as dlc in the first year ( spain , inca , polynesia , denmark , korea ) and then 9 in each of the expansions, 
  russia launches from baikonur , which is further from the equator than where rocketlabs is launching, 
  do i get charged international rates if i 'm calling an international mobile that 's in nz ? 
  oh that makes much more sense , i thought you were talking about a thermometre and was going to say that 39 is a bit far at the wrong end of the scale, 
  reminds me of one of my favourite [ jon stewart bits ] ( https://youtu.be/aqzzwr32srk?t=40s ), 
  well you 've got my vote, 
  did you not hear ? 
  we 've outlawed gardens in order to protect our agricultural sector, 
  sure you 're not thinking of feijoas ? 
  they look similar , and you get bloody shitloads off a tree for doing jack shit to it . 
  every tree will yield a good couple kg of feijoas in autumn and you always have way too many, 
  the last post criticising it got removed , so they 're actually doing something, 
  i do n't see why it would n't , as long as it 's got a sim card slot it should work . 
  i would check their website , but it 's down for an upgrade . 
  you should be on 2degrees anyway, 
  why have we not turned taranaki into a giant sundial yet ? 
  there must be a guinness world record to be broken somewhere there, 
  it 'd be much the same as how if you have a balloon full of air underwater - none of it escapes , even when you 've got an open hole at the bottom of it .
