  [ 30 ] in the `` fighting dinosaurs '' specimen , the velociraptor lies underneath , with one of its sickle claws apparently embedded in the throat of its prey , while the beak of protoceratops is clamped down upon the right forelimb of its attacker . 
  this suggests velociraptor may have used its sickle claw to pierce vital organs of the throat , such as the jugular vein , carotid artery , or trachea ( windpipe ) , rather than slashing the abdomen . 
  [ velociraptors too ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/velociraptor#predatory_behavior ), 
  yeah , i know the one in the film is n't velociraptor . 
  i understood the latter part of your earlier comment as implying that the claw was from deinonychus , not velociraptor , which is the bit i was refuting, 
  well , smaller because the dinosaur itself is smaller , but i think relative to the size of the dinosaur they 'd be fairly similar, 
  no worries , glad i could help . 
  just so you know , you 're probably better to go to wanaka on your way down , and skip it on the way up . 
  just to give you an idea , this is what your route would look like :, 
  going through wanaka on the way up would work , but it would mean you 'd miss out on the kawarau gorge ( with the famous bungy jump over the river ) , all the fruit growers in cromwell ( and , if you 're a car enthusiast there is a big new car museum and go-kart track there , where you can also do hot laps in a porche 9-11 on a different track . 
  fairly expensive though ), 
  that 's nothing . 
  i was in a history class with a girl who thought not only that africa was one giant country , but that china , japan and korea ( both of them ) were all one country , as well as asking if they spoke english anywhere other than england ( we 're in new zealand , an english speaking country ), 
  ahaha , we 've corrupted him with reddit !, 
  it looks great , well done leugi !, 
  ( now you can work on that secret civ , right ? ), 
  the first thing i thought of was [ the who ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shhrzgojy1q ), 
  `` the right way and then yours '', 
  nah , tesla just had him thunderstruck, 
  do you get username questions a lot ? 
  including one with an awesomely elvis-esque headcreast , the aptly named [ * cryolophosaurus ellioti * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cryolophosaurus ) ( elliot 's cold crested lizard ), 
  i automatically do n't trust anywhere selling tickets that says `` official tickets , 100 % guaranteed '', 
  the middle of the plane in those - is that just showing the makeup of the body , or were there no seats across the wings back then ? 
  i changed the flair to engineering , thanks . 
  let 's say it 's a dirt wall like in the picture , since something like concrete would be much stronger and throw everything out of proportion, 
  [ i 'll stick with you , kid , that 's the bottom line ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0pwejanluq ), 
  she 'll be waiting in istanbul, 
  not sure how much substance the claim has , but a spokesman for the democratic union party in syria has [ tweeted ] ( https://twitter.com/rodi_khalil/status/425341304856260608 ) saying that `` in the next hours , the kurdish self-rule in northern syria will be declared . '', 
  [ another tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/rudawenglish/status/425299931898056704 ) from the rudaw media network , a kurdish media group , states that the `` kurdistan region president masoud barzani will address eu parliament tomorrow about kurdistan and iraq situation . '', 
  i would assume it does , at least for the couple of hours before turkey decide to invade kurdistan, 
  it 'll work if everyone in the game has the exact same version of the file . 
  if the addition is so much as in a different place i believe it 'll cause a crash . 
  the right way and then yours, 
  edit : relax , i 'm referencing psych the musical, 
  `` he who commands the sea , has command of everything ! '', 
   that 's still to come, 
  as soon as we decide * which * big thing to do first, 
  * puppet empire * - having lost and then regained your capital as venice , win the game, 
  well , it seems [ they just did ] ( http://www.worldbulletin.net/?atype=haber&amp;articleid=127353&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;utm_source=twitterfeed ), 
  i 'm not saying they are a country , i 'm just saying that they just declared autonomy . 
  we were always taught that a rip was the bit of calm water at the beach where the waves are n't breaking as much, 
  well , at least that 's sarcasm, 
  freedom tanks are on their way !, 
  damnit , came here to post this . 
  well played ... 
  christmas specials are in february now , i believe . 
  at least that 's what it was with last season, 
  / r/horizon is n't for horizon , it 's for forza horizon ... 
  it should be / r/horizon too , that subreddit has n't seen a post in months, 
  i knew from the moment that i saw this that it was n't a real protestor . 
  i originally thought someone on the government side , but then i heard of the agitators that the government sent in to justify excessive force , and that makes more sense . 
  it 's a pretty good shot from a photographic standpoint . 
  you 've got great rule of thirds with the protestors and the fire separated by the subject , there 's different levels of activity ( i do n't know the proper term , but i remember the concept from a thing on cinematography ) in the background , i.e. 
  it 's not all 2d and there is actually depth ( guys immediately behind subject , then fire , then other protestors ) . 
  then there 's the contrast of the snow and the fire , and by extension the white/grey of the sky and the black smoke . 
  even the subject 's pose makes for a good shot - revolver held in one hand , which is extended with the guy side-on . 
  his shield is slung over his shoulder , which provides more black/white contrast with his clothing . 
  all in all it 's a beautiful image , even if the subject matter is despicable . 
  yeah , and i 'm not sure how . 
  i was just being friendly , we had sort of similar interests and she was the one person i could actually discuss current events with properly . 
  she seemed pretty cool , but i never had a thing for her . 
  eventually she admitted she had a thing for me , but it did n't end when i turned her down . 
  she pretty much went off the rails , and somehow interpreted my turning her down as more signs of interest , so apparently even me turning her down was leading her on . 
  it turned into a horrible six months that would make a smear campaign look like flattery , cost me a relationship and nearly my sanity . 
  but that 's a story for another time , and i digress . 
  to offer you some advice from my situation , it could really be possible either way - he may know , he may not . 
  but either way , respect his opinion , and take him at his word . 
  if he says he knew and he is interested , then great !, 
  it all works out . 
  but if he says he 's not , * please * accept that and take him at his word . 
  i 'm not saying you could do what happened in my situation ( i 'm pretty sure that it 's impossible for anyone else to come close ) , i 'm just saying that if he does give a response and you take it differently , then it just gets messy and could end up ruining what you have now . 
  it 's difficult not knowing the full situation , so this whole post might be way off the mark . 
  that said , i 'm all ears if you ever need someone to talk to . 
  glad to hear things are better for you than they were for me . 
  it sounds to me as though he 's similar to how i am - i have real trouble asking someone out , yet will happily talk for hours when i have something to talk about . 
  again , i do n't want to make false assumptions that could affect the situation , but it sounds to me as though he really enjoys your company , but does n't want to take it further for fear of rejection and losing what he has . 
  i 've had times when i consider asking someone out , but play the hundreds of situations through my head in which she rejects me and then i lose my friendship with her because of it . 
  the most recent girl that i asked out ( and the one with whom the aforementioned situation cost me a relationship with ) i was only able to ask out because we did n't have much to do with each other at that point . 
  we 'd been on a trip to japan together through school and were really close there , but i barely saw her since . 
  instead of playing the situations in which i lose a friendship , i reasoned that the worst case scenario was that she could say no , and things would remain as they were . 
  so in that case , i was already living the worst case scenario and would be if i did n't say anything . 
  but in a scenario like this , the worst case scenario that i play through my head is much worse . 
  if i ask out a girl that i 'm really good friends with , there is potential for the whole friendship to be ruined and for us to never speak again . 
  i 've seen that play out several times with my own friends , and often i 'm caught in the middle when it gets ugly ( again , people refusing to respect the decisions of others ) . 
  and in my case , i often reason that the potential consequences outweigh the potential gains , and that i 'd prefer to stay really close friends than lose it all for a chance to go further . 
  i think this is probably the worst possible thing i could be saying in the scenario , playing through scenarios of rejection and whatnot , all the while somehow using this as a quasi-confessional . 
  sorry if it freaks you out or whatever , it sounds like he really values your friendship at the very least . 
  sometimes it 's just hard to make a real move , even though you talk for hours virtually . 
  unless the army pulls an egypt and sides with the protestors to oust the government as a back door coup, 
  that site used to be awesome, 
  i 've heard it both ways, 
  heard , not had, 
  yes , * misunderstanding *, 
  i would actually suggest finishing the hagia sophia in that situation - if you get a great prophet you loose all of your faith , not just the 300 . 
  so you 'll actually be ahead if you get the gp from hagia sophia , and at 17 per turn it wo n't be long before you get the third one, 
  hey , it 's me !, 
  and you have me on +1 !, 
  have an upvote !, 
  it seems to me as though there 's almost a bit of an hsbc smear campaign going on here at the moment , but that might just be me donning my conspiracy had, 
  well i was going to replace those apostrophes with ` g 's ' ...
