  ultimately the decision would be up to the mods , but it 'll all still be in the stylesheet and css, 
  any idea on what it could be ? 
  maybe a hibiscus , which could pass off as hawaiian or for the hibiscus coast ? 
  have you got links to the itm cup shields ? 
  i had a quick look but could n't find anything that would look good at 20x20 . 
  super rugby logos are a good idea though, 
  awesome , either / u / - halcyon or i ( probably her though ) will add some of them in soon . 
  question is how many of them to add though, 
  i 'd say the looming threat of total nuclear annihilation has done a fairly good job in that regard too, 
  nah , that honour goes to the kiwi shitting rainbows flag, 
  well , screw you too !, 
  we did n't even like you guys anyway ! '', 
  - stewart island, 
  absolutely , i ca n't wait to have [ this ] ( http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/2015-05/14/3/enhanced/webdr02/enhanced-buzz-26136-1431590277-7.jpg ) as my flair, 
  we 're working on more flairs over at / r/nzcss to be ported over when we add the new css, 
  * conservative party, 
  * pretty sure that is just a storm cloud, 
  * meat pie ? 
  * damned if i know, 
  * as above, 
  * pirate party ? 
  looks like a political logo, 
  * fonterra, 
   it had also taken an independent stance on palestinian . 
  palestinian what , stuff ? 
  ambassador to the us . 
  he 'd be perfect at it, 
  i think at the very least we should have a couple as regional ones for regions not represented by super rugby - ones like the southland stags or the tasman makos or whatever . 
  maybe the phoenix and breakers too ? 
  first two are rugby , then football and basketball, 
  huh , for me they do n't work on here on ios , android or firefox, 
  yeah , but that would n't explain ios and android, 
  hmm , i think i prefer the original one if i 'm being honest . 
  i think sticking with one header for now would be better . 
  the bars along the top and bottom have disappeared , too, 
  maybe just keep it as it was for now , and either work out a better version later or even change the header occasionally manually ? 
  pohutukawa could be good for a christmas themed one, 
  yeah , i 'll get the psd off sukritact and maybe try and work something out that looks closer to the same style as the others ? 
  psd would have all the filters and stuff he used to get the blur effect , since he made the whole image . 
  i think that might have been autocorrect , i meant the same style as the original, 
  font sizes are a pain . 
  they 're way too big now , but i was trying to fix it and could n't get it to look better in one area without looking too tiny in another . 
  mostly u2 as usual , though it just switched from [ lemon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijyyplkjcfc ) to santana 's cover of [ la flaca ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lisfaaojunw ), 
  it keeps prices of * their * goods down , but should n't have any impact on the price of * our * goods over there . 
  okay , competition is a fair point , i 'll grant you that . 
  still does n't escape the point that it 's cheaper to buy it there and ship it to nz than it is to buy it where it 's produced , which is just as much an issue with the high price here as it is with the low price in the eu, 
  hello and welcome to monday the 29th of june . 
  on this day in 1444 a 15,000 strong rebel albanian army defeated an ottoman force approximately twice its size , which had been sent in to crush the rebellion . 
  the battle saw the albanian commander ( who formerly was a captain in the ottoman army ) trick the ottoman force into attacking prematurely by positioning his army at the bottom of a hill . 
  once the ottomans began their attack , albanian forces hidden in the surrounding forest outflanked the ottomans and caused enormous casualties , killing up to 22,000 ottomans and dealing a severe blow to the empire . 
  the battle ignited a 25 year conflict in which albania resisted the onslaught of the ottoman empire , aided by the christian empires of europe who wished to defeat the looming muslim power . 
  also today , in 1613 the famous globe theatre of london , where many of william shakespeare 's plays were performed , was destroyed by a fire , and in 1880 the french annexed the island of tahiti , in what is still to this day a french possession . 
  finally , on this day in 1995 the space shuttle atlantis as part of the sts-71 mission docked with the formerly soviet space station mir for the first time . 
  fun fact , mt everest was actually in the game originally and cut from release . 
  did a quick google search and found [ this image ] ( http://i35.tinypic.com/2wf6zoj.jpg ) , which was from a guy who released hundreds of screenshots before 2k found out and reprimanded him, 
  i was just going off the top comment 's claim , i have n't actually looked into it personally, 
  did you just do shift-enter to end your turn ? 
  i did [ something similar ] ( https://i.imgur.com/zqnrq0b.jpg ) for a flag contest on / r/vexillology , as a flag for dinotopia . 
  was pretty much just a highly edited unicorn but yeah . 
  original plan was to do a full coat of arms with a couple of them , a pterosaur on the top and all that , but ran out of time, 
  do n't forget the south island, 
  the flag is n't oc per se , but the only version i could find was [ 120 x 80 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/zealandia_proposal_1.png/120px-zealandia_proposal_1.png ) , so i created a larger version . 
  i 'd take it to mean either a black-op or a group of mercenaries infiltrating the country , overthrowing the government and taking power, 
  i only have the original , but it was an awesome book from what i remember . 
  picture book set on an island where men and dinosaurs live together, 
  hmm ... 
  i think the titles and link to comments ( the bit where it says `` 22 comments '' or whatever ) could be a bit smaller , along with the submit buttons and some of the sidebar ( the bit where it says pvtfishes especially , ) rest of it is n't too bad . 
  comment section is fine ( maybe the navigate by bit could be a bit smaller though . ), 
  subreddit bar at the top could be a tiny bit smaller , and the links at the bottom of the header ( where you sort hot / top / new etc ) could be a bit bigger . 
  hopefully that 's not too complicated , i can give it a shot if you do n't have time or whatever . 
  where 's the love for unidans 2 through 5 ? 
  oh nah , the bar at the top is fine as big as it is - i was meaning the subreddit links themselves , they look really big for some reason . 
  personally i do n't mind the banner along the header at all , although i 'd agree that it looks a little cramped . 
  i might try shrinking the centre image a bit to see if it gives the illusion of more room , since having it take up the whole height might make it seem smaller or whatever . 
  he 's doing it at 7pm my time , it 's all a matter of perspective, 
  `` ukraine , russia 's fastest growing import '' holy shit, 
  ah , fair enough . 
  i 've still got mine set to every turn from when vanilla was so buggy and crashed every second turn, 
  as much as i dislike conspiracy theories , i 'd love it if there turned out to be a portal between the south island and stonehenge . 
  cuts travel time by like a whole day, 
  okay , well , to start it off , columbus got lost and just happened to hit a continent . 
  so he does n't really count . 
  later explorers all had previous navigational information to go on , a rough idea of geography , and millennia of advancements in navigational equipment to go off . 
  vasco de gama , while he discovered a sea route to india , knew where india was in relation to him because of maps , and that it had been connected via land trade since the time of alexander the great . 
  also , there were already people along much of his route - the whole east african coast was covered by swahili city states , and the indian ocean as a whole had vast ocean trade networks for centuries , which de gama could just follow . 
  ferdinand magellan was similar . 
  by the time he came around he knew roughly where he was going , and was able to stop over in existing settlements for much of the voyage . 
  he also fucked up and died half way through , while his fleet suffered huge casualties and only saw one of the five ships actually survive the trip . 
  so i 'm not sure how impressive that is either . 
  i 'll grant you shackleton , because his story of survival is pretty badass , but he was more of a polar explorer than a naval one . 
  now compare this to the polynesian explorers . 
  they were in essentially fancy canoes , with no navigational equipment or maps , no idea where they were going and no pre-existing settlements to help resupply them if they fucked up . 
  yet they still managed to sail across the whole pacific ocean , populate and explore the islands , and set up such an advanced trade network that they were able to make contact with south america , get sweet potatoes , and trade them back through the islands to a point where they were able to become a staple crop of the maori . 
  all of this was done by using birds / clouds / stars / waves / currents etc as navigational tools , in the largest ocean on earth . 
  it 's not like columbus either , he was hitting the americas no matter what ( unless he really fucked up , ) whereas with the polynesians so much as 1 degree off when they leave and they miss the island completely , and sail off into the middle of nowhere until they die of exposure / starvation / thirst or any number of other possibilities . 
  sure , they may not have sailed the roughest oceans , but they sure as hell were the best navigators on earth . 
   funding/legal issues, 
  ooh , sounds like someone trying to shut you down to prevent the truth getting out !, 
  was n't there a spanish helmet or something found in either wellington harbour or lake taupo or something too ? 
  iirc it was a phoenician expedition led by an egyptian admiral,
