  i 'd also recommend extending the two day trip to milford into a three day one , and have a whole day for the sound ( so instead of queenstown - milford / milford - queenstown , go queenstown - te anau / te anau - milford sound - te anau / te anau - queenstown ) - that way you 're on the milford road before all the tour buses from queenstown and can enjoy the place without having to jostle with hundreds of tourists . 
  a lot of those days will be full-on as drive times are normally underestimated given how windy and narrow some roads can be ( and all the photo stops you 'll want to do ) but they 're not particularly arduous and they 'd be fairly typical days driving that you 'd normally get on a trip round nz, 
  removed , see the megathread, 
  removed , see the megathread, 
  removed , see the megathread, 
   what 's wrong with being poor ? 
  you hate poor people ? 
  i do n't think you 'll find many people who would n't rather have extra money / income at their disposal , and to not have to live paycheck to paycheck . 
  except maybe like a monk or priest who has taken a vow of poverty, 
  there 's a points system that it 'd be worth checking out , i ca n't find it right now but i replied it to someone else in this thread yesterday, 
  no politics . 
  my bet is on counselling, 
  i figured we use youse here, 
  yeah , bringing in an extra gun or two would probably double our firepower, 
  okay so basically in cricket you 're supposed to bowl overarm , which gives the ball a bit of bounce and allows the batter to smash it round the park . 
  in that game , there was one ball left and we needed six runs to win - the only way to do this is to either have an absolute shit bowler who 's been on the piss all day and ca n't bowl straight to save his arse , or to hit it out of the park on the full ( if it still goes over the boundary but bounces first it 's only worth four . ), 
  obviously hitting it out on the full requires a bit of height under the ball , so what the cheating bastards did is to roll it down the pitch so that we could n't hit it out and therefore they would win . 
  the chance of a six is generally pretty small anyway , but to rule out the chance altogether is just a dick move and completely in character for an aussie . 
  makes sense if she were wanting to get into national politics , starting another party would probably do more harm than good in terms of splitting the vote, 
  suppose you could use a party to get in and then break off winnie style , but yeah . 
  honestly do n't see the appeal of being a career politician personally, 
  yeah , maybe . 
  plus having the ability to actually address and fix issues , but there 's so much goddamn vitriol in parliament at the moment i 'd hate to be in a climate like that . 
  anywhere else and half of them would 've been reported to hr long ago, 
  normally i 'd agree , but if they 're driving 15kph under the speed limit and refusing to move then that 's a bit of a dick move, 
  did n't he mention epoxy ? 
  classical athens , not modern athens, 
  it does if you read the article, 
  removed , rules 5 and 6, 
  first impressions of auckland :, 
  jesus fuck there are a lot of real estate signs , i swear to god every fucking block has like half of the houses for sale . 
  on that note too , there 's still a shit ton of land free with just farms and shit right next to town , do n't know what you 're complaining about a lack of it for, 
  you people are fucking shit drivers , and that 's coming from someone from chch . 
  we nearly got hit about four times yesterday , and that was just in the warehouse carpark . 
  on a more positive note , i 'm surprised at how friendly people are . 
  went up to silverdale yesterday and honestly felt like i was in small town nz from the four square ads . 
  also , how the hell have you got fucking old growth kauri forests five minutes from town ? 
  edit : also yet another example of the downside of travelling with family - was off catching up with family friends last night so could n't make the meetup , and off to rangitoto today, 
  at this stage it 's the same weather only slightly less cold . 
  also you have more of those semi-tropical fine/pissing down cycles, 
  removed , rule 5 . 
  definitely sounds like original of the species , if you have n't tried that one yet, 
  i swear to god there 's been a legit reason each time, 
   that 's your fault . 
  some may have been , but when you 're waiting for a couple minutes for a guy to pull out of his carpark and the person in the car next to you decides it 's a good time to start backing out , or when you 're cut off by a guy lane changing like a fuckwit every five seconds on the harbour bridge it 's hard to see why it 'd be our fault, 
  oi / u/phfornz when are you paying me back the $ 20 i leant you last night ? 
  singular governments in sci-fi are different imo . 
  planets tend to be grossly simplified in the interest of time and effort , they 're normally a single biome with a single government as otherwise you 'd spend all your time developing planetary politics instead of the intergalactic stuff you 're actually writing about . 
  oh , fair enough . 
  let a couple people in during traffic today and people did n't know what to do with themselves . 
  off to the coromandel tomorrow though , hopefully things are a tad quieter there, 
  sorry , meant to include a link . 
  [ here 's the post from a couple days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5cbjnu/nz_could_be_new_athens/ ), 
  shit just cause i 'm up here in auckland did n't mean y' all needed to go and make sure i could still feel the damn quakes, 
  prolly a bit late but doing it and the emergency banner now, 
  there 's been a couple casualties too, 
  shit i felt it up in auckland , enough to wake us up, 
  rest easier than the thought of having to take a boat to get through arthur 's pass, 
  he lives in kaikoura and is fairly prominent in / r/newzealand so he was on most of our minds when news broke, 
  he 's a bit of a polarising figure , mostly liked but has a few passionate detractors, 
  all good , you 'll get your turn when the volcanoes erupt, 
  i 'm not on my pc right now , can you edit the emergency text for this ? 
  4.2.1 on the css i think, 
  interesting that this one broke so soon while the one on the dart river is afaik still there, 
  churrr, 
  i would have , but i 'm in the coromandel now with shit internet so ca n't keep on top of everything as much as something like this deserves . 
  does bring up the idea of an emergency kit post so we 've got all the civil defence links / advice when it happens again, 
  wait is she in nelson ? 
  chur , i still fucked up with no megathread though, 
  sitting in whitianga with a bitch of a migraine, 
  i used to get nat geo heaps , but i 've stopped recently since i reckon they 've gone downhill since they were bought out, 
  nah , left for the coromandel this morning so fucked up there too - gutted we did n't get a chance to grab a beer, 
  why wait ? 
  fair point , though i do think the place is getting cluttered . 
  i 'll add an earthquake flair and a filter option when i get back to where i 'm staying, 
  shit i 've got some work to do, 
  where are you seeing all this stuff ? 
   you are now banned from / r/newzealand, 
  but nah , you 're fine . 
  glad to have you round too , would have been useful for a mega-info-thread earlier today, 
  have n't felt this guilty since / u/weathermannz and the no novelty account rule, 
  oi / u/ashtrayrollup said i should give you a flair . 
  have any colour prefs or a logo that 'll look decent at 20px ? 
  hey , do n't worry about it . 
  i normally like to think of myself as fairly stable and level headed , yet in the middle of one of the aftershocks on the afternoon of february 22nd i was clutching onto the washing line in near tears and refusing to go back into our sturdy single story house . 
  it is bloody scary , and most people wo n't be okay . 
  the key is to talk about it , and not try to carry the burden on your own . 
  it 's not gon na last forever , and you will get through it . 
  just need to try and keep your head up , but still accept that it 's okay to not be fine . 
  feel free to hit me up whenever if you want someone to talk to who knows what it 's like, 
  oh nah , this is just the colours / logo . 
  like the geonet or the green party ones, 
  to be fair we were on the 16th floor of a building which amplified it a bit , and i would 've slept through it if my family were n't freaking out about it around me, 
  suck on that obama, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  see the other sticky thread for why we have n't, 
  pretty shit here in the coromandel too, 
  yeah , here til thursday then off to rotovegas for a couple days, 
  oh cool , might get another one of those awesome thunderstorms, 
  why is the refugee so close to elimination ?
