  hopefully this is slightly less offensive than my first post , let me know if not and i can try to clarify again . 
  thank you , this is exactly the sort of feedback i needed about the map . 
  i 'll work on the bases and size of the map to try and simplify it a bit more , what would you think about removing the outer circuit altogether ? 
  it 's funny you mention it being too big though , it was originally based on a [ smaller map ] ( http://unfortunate-maps.jukejuice.com/show/16291 ) i did earlier . 
  i upsized it because you 'd get cases of people spawning outside the base , or even in the enemy one , but i think since then you 're now able to scale the radius of the spawn point so that solves that issue . 
  at any rate , i 'm glad to have finally gotten some feedback on the map , so thanks again . 
  while you 're here , what would you think about a neutral flag map where it 's a rectangle , the teams go in at the top and the goals are each side of the bottom ? 
  i 've got a pinball-style map and i 'm not sure whether it 'd stay as a minigame sort of thing or whether i could rework it into one that could make rotation, 
  it 's not just defaults - / r/europe used to be awesome , now it 's got to a point where i 'm worried it 's going to invade / r/poland . 
  every single thread now seems to devolve into a right-wing anti-immigration circlejerk . 
  oh well that 's encouraging, 
  yeah , from the sound of it one of them is growing backwards so i 'll need to get surgery to get them out anyway . 
  it 's the aftermath i 'm kind of worried about, 
  well now it seems that, 
  you are not even trying, 
  to write a haiku . 
  have you tried civ again now ? 
  if you have the full game , plus some of the recent mods it 's miles better than vanilla, 
  yeah , i 've noticed the same . 
  i used to be able to play fairly well on it in the mornings when no-one else is on diameter , now i get like 300-500 ping on it and it 's unplayable, 
  `` tifu by waiting 15 years for a guy to call me '', 
  what about do what / r/worldnews does ? 
  add in a link flair for refugee posts , then stick a button on the sidebar to hide all posts relating to the refugee crisis . 
  that way you 're not banning it for people who want to see it , and people who do n't can hide all of them and go about their business as usual otherwise, 
  iirc he was a lobbyist for the synthetic cannabis industry, 
   not every aspect of file sharing is for piracy . 
  case in point : i make mods for civ 5 - the guys i work with are located in thailand , poland , the us , bolivia , the uk and so on . 
  if filesharing sites are blocked i 'm not able to get access to anything they send me for the mods , which means that i 'm not able to make them anymore despite the whole process being completely legal . 
  i was considering doing something similar since we get so many `` what should i do while in nz '' posts . 
  was going to sort out a bunch of people from across the country and come up with the best stuff to do and the best way to see them and all that , then have it as a reference for when people inevitably ask, 
  just as a heads up before you do , we 'll probably be replacing this with the subreddit wiki when the new css is launched . 
  in the mean time , you should be able to edit the one at / r/nzcss , which will be ported over with the css so long as there is a record of what pages have been done, 
  down with monopolies !, 
  i dunno , i mentioned it but i would feel kind of bad for / u/username _ cocktail if everyone stole his gig . 
  maybe if he 's going to get around to doing it then let him have them , but if not then sure , go for it, 
  the left hand side ? 
  australia ? 
  but it 's still * that * pic of nz from space , as seen by the original goal of / r/thatpicofnzfromspace, 
  i 'm going in for surgery soon , i do n't, 
  essay saga day 12 : having completely fucked up in the past couple days , i 've been up for most of the night writing politics 2 ~ ~ and am finally up to 1500 words . 
  might even be able to get it done before class ~ ~, 
  edit : finished politics 2 , now just history 1 by thursday midnight and history 2 by friday at 5 . 
  let 's do this . 
  time to hold on to a couple of the old notes , then ? 
  thanks - no tests or anything thankfully , and as long as i do n't shoot myself in the foot again the essays should be fine, 
  four of them : /, 
  paging / u / - halcyon since self-posts do n't work for some reason, 
  i think i still have five or so of them , although i lost a bunch when my wallet broke in westfields . 
  are n't they supposed to be in circulation ? 
  nothing in particular , i 'll probably sort out the header and nsfw thing and all that , but i think for the most part we 'll just see how things go . 
  where are you looking for the text selection thing ? 
  also , i think we should scrap the idea of bush mode - the no flair thing uses extensions too , so we 'd already have twice the number of each flair to incorporate night mode and to add in a third might not be the best course . 
  should also finalise what flairs we go with and the colour scheme too , so that it 's all cohesive . 
  might pay to stretch the rugby one out to cover sports , and maybe leave room for adjustment to go with changing events , / r/worldnews style, 
   finnish, 
  nobody posted one for last week and there did n't seem to be one for this week , so figured i might as well post one just in case people are still here, 
  you mind if i chuck one of these up as the sidebar pic for the new css ? 
  it 'll swap around every now and then , but still figured it 'd be cool to have this since we 're finally getting near the end, 
  did n't they address that with the `` now that i 've quit smoking , my sense of smell is coming back '' bit ? 
  that 's weird . 
  i originally got the same issue , but / u / - halcyon did something and fixed it for me . 
  odd that you 're still getting the same issue, 
  low res kiwi is still a placeholder , was hoping to get a higher res version to use as part of the old css . 
  same with the arrow , open to alternative ideas but i think there still needs to be something there for both, 
  tell that to our government , the ruling party is getting sued by eminem over it, 
  you 're going to have a hell of a time the next three months , should have waited . 
  depends . 
  working is normally 12 hours a week . 
  study is normally nothing outside of 12 hours of class per week , with the exception of when it is within 48 hours of an essay deadline . 
  i 've managed to get an a + with comments along the lines of `` it 's obvious you 've put a lot of time and effort into writing and proofreading this '' on an essay i wrote that day , so that 's still fairly decent, 
  afaik that was an intentional removal by / u / - halcyon to try and free up some room in the sidebar , but i still want to add it back in so we 'll see what we 're left with after the sidebar has been cleaned up, 
  there 's no html as far as i know , just the css and reddit formatting for the sidebar , which is limited to just over 2000 characters, 
  yeah , but we still want to make sure we 've got everything and there are n't any glaring bugs we 've missed, 
  why not try to get it right first time ? 
  we 're not going to hold off shipping it when it 's ready in the hope that someone finds a bug , but there 's no point in not testing it first and hoping for the best when we have the opportunity to do so, 
  because then we 'll have thousands of whingers when we miss something and are trying to figure out what 's causing it . 
  at any rate , it 's still not ready feature-wise , so we 're still just asking for input and feedback while we work on getting those sorted . 
  plus i 'm still hoping / u/mamba _ 79 will be able to track down a decent night time pano for the night mode header, 
  it 's possible they were going from different directions , so it 'd take longer to reach the taliban than the kidnappers i suppose, 
  the small caps are more to emphasise the initials nz than anything , otherwise it 'd be all caps keeping in line with the buttons below . 
  similarly , we ca n't use a custom font for it since the buttons are text instead of images . 
  to keep the cohesive style , both of them need to be the same font , which means the image needs to be a font present normally . 
  we did experiment with some other fonts , but none of them really fit the style we were going for that well . 
  i originally had futura since it 's awesome , but opted for century gothic to go with the buttons, 
  by right i mainly meant bug-free and with the features implemented properly , which i 'd imagine is a fairly objective view of whether it 's right or not, 
  you 're assuming there will be a next release . 
  there might be minor updates , but we 're not wanting to have to constantly maintain the css for months after release to get it working properly, 
  i 'll respond on / r/nzcss so it 's all in one place, 
  i see what you mean , but the width of the sidebar is necessary for a bunch of the features we 've got there , particularly the map . 
  if it 's seriously impacting the usage i 'll have a look into it and see whether there 's any way to change stuff for mobile users without the use of a mobile site so that it 's a bit narrower for them, 
   if you 're at university , go to your last lectures for the semester . 
  not sure if they still do it nowadays but that used to be the lecture where the final exam is sometimes mentioned/discussed including hints . 
  yep , we 've been getting exam advice this week . 
  although normally it 's the standard `` it 's a two hour test and you have two essays to write '' sort of thing, 
  yeah , i assigned one when he tried to break the css with his long title . 
  i do n't think custom text flairs are compatible with image flairs , but i 'll have a look into it after class, 
  just be glad you do n't drive a taxi around wellington , they 're even worse, 
   but up to you to convince the mods to add it . 
  we 're adding a bunch with the new css , so they do n't have a choice but to go along with it . 
  already added some on / r/nzcss , but from the sound of it we 're adding more,
