  games that come with these often require it for mods to be shared ( the civ 5 sdk allows mods to be compiled into . civ5mod format , which is the format for sharing on steam workshop . 
  now , another part of having such a large modding base is the community . 
  for most games which can be modded , the community is a great place to start . 
  i began my modding career by learning off the work of another modder who was also doing mods of a similar vein to mine . 
  the community at [ civilization fanatics ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com ) for example features a dedicated [ creation and customisation ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/forumdisplay.php?f=393 ) section with nearly 170,000 posts in over 12,000 topics . 
  in addition to having an entire subforum dedicated to tutorials on how to mod , the civfanatics c&c section is very welcoming to new modders , and has a large amount of veterans of modding who browse topics and give assistance to those who have questions . 
  what programming language the game uses is important too . 
  civ 5 primarily uses xml , and simple mods can get away with it exclusively . 
  more complex mods require parts of sql and lua , and mods that are more complex still involve editing the source code , which is c++ i believe . 
  point is , by learning the language which is used by the game you can have a bit of an understanding of what to do . 
  arguably the most important part of a mod though is the art . 
  now , i 'm terrible at art , so with my mods i work with a team of people ( no two of us are even on the same continent ) , each with a different ability . 
  one of us can produce leaderscreens comparable to those of the base game , one can produce icons and maps which are as good as , if not better than original civ 5 art , and one does art at the same time as lua coding . 
  as for myself , i mainly put everything together and troubleshoot . 
  now , most of them can also do other stuff too ( and two have published mods of their own ) , but the idea behind it is many hands make light work . 
  while i 'm working on the xml , they can be working on the leaderscreen of another civ . 
  it 's the pronunciation of poi e , right ? 
  you should come to chch , we 're having a bit of a street art frenzy at the moment, 
  it would be easy enough to skip the process of obtaining a warrant but make passing reference to it in a show . 
  however many shows explicitly state that they do n't have a warrant , and thus they 're circumventing processes put in place to protect innocent people from unjust accusations . 
  i see shows / movies about rogue agents as a different category , as it 's part of the premise that they are extraordinary circumstances . 
  you do n't see your ordinary everyday policeman repelling from the burj khalifa , do you ? 
  okay , yeah . 
  i made a mistake in the title . 
  i 'm not saying it 's an explicit government plot , but rather that it has the consequence of normalising it and could potentially being used for that purpose now that it is commonplace in such shows, 
  nz barely changes between night and day, 
  now we just need / r/vexillology to make up a flag for the us with all those states as stars, 
  all jokes aside , look at askia 's leader screen . 
  that 's a completely different one in the background , not just a graphics glitch like the others . 
  it looks like a sort of palace , similar to bismarck 's screen but at the same time different . 
  i 'm wondering if it 's an early version of one of the leader heads that was never taken out of the files . 
  you made me realise how silly ( for lack of a better word ) it sounds having the government pulling all the strings for public compliance . 
  i maintain that it 's still a possibility ( as nothing is ever certain ) that their is some shadowy business going on , however i accept it 's far more likely that it 's just the writers, 
  * ceremonial sites * - each city and geoglyph in the empire generates points towards a golden age . 
  upon the founding of the first four cities , recieve culture equal to half the cost of the next social policy . 
  * unique improvement : * geoglyph , requires agriculture . 
  provides +1 of a specific yield for each pre-medieval social policy tree adopted . 
  this is increased to +3 upon the tree being completed . 
  can only be built on flat desert tiles, 
  * unique building : * puquios , replaces watermill . 
  causes the city to become a source of fresh water , and as such does not need to be built next to an existing source . 
  the yields for the ui are as follows :, 
  tradition - food, 
  liberty - production, 
  honor - gold, 
  piety - faith, 
  patronage - science, 
  aesthetics - culture, 
  now , obviously this was n't all me . 
  i 'm terrible at art . 
  so i 'd like to take the opportunity to give credit to the awesome people who worked with me on this . 
  / u/sukritact did the awesome map , as well as the dom and the icon for the ui . 
  oh , and all of the lua and sql stuff . 
  leugi did the leader screen and the ui model , as well as the civ icon . 
  janboruta did the puquios icon , and chris sifniotis did the civilopedia for cahuachi and the nazca . 
  all i did was put all of their work together and make sure it 's all working properly . 
  finally , some links . 
  the nazca can be downloaded from steam workshop [ here ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=210267630 ) , and will soon be available on the civfanatics download database . 
  it would be awesome if you could check out the [ more civilizations ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=494241 ) topic at cfc if you have n't already , since that 's where you 'll be able to get all the latest information on what 's coming next ( hint : it 's big . 
  really big . ), 
  edit : forgot to add the requirements for building a geoglyph . 
  cheers to / u/vertikal19 for reminding me, 
  edit 2 : just uploaded v2 to steam . 
  changelog :, 
  - nerfed geoglyph yield on completion of a tree to +2, 
  - fixed strategic view geoglyph icon, 
  - changed soundtrack tag , should now play american music instead of european, 
  - lowered volume of nazca peace and war themes, 
  cfc version should be up very soon, 
  they can only be built on flat desert tiles, 
  just flat desert tiles . 
  the aim of the civ is that you expand a little bit early on to get a head start of the culture , then go tall . 
  the ai is a real wonder hoarder , and i 've seen them complete an entire sp tree by turn 120 and begin a second one, 
  i think it 's probably only a week at most , but we 've been working on multiple civs at once and been juggling real life commitments so it 's taken a couple of months from start to finish, 
  it can be built anywhere - so if you 're in the middle of the desert , all of the tiles around a city with a puquios will have access to fresh water, 
  we were having some issues with the strategic view icon in testing , but i hoped we 'd fixed it . 
  i 'll take another look when i get back from work to see if i can find the issue . 
  yeah , the start bias is set to desert but i think the game scraps it for a location with better fertility . 
  as for the music , that could be because the soundtrack tag is set as america for leugi 's mestizo music mod , which makes all civs with the america use the new latin america soundtrack . 
  i 'll talk to him and try to change it but still keep compatibility . 
  the cfc version will be coming soon , which should work for macs . 
  i just have to wait for sukritact to give me a transparent version of the atlas of icons so i can present it properly, 
  aha , that 's probably it . 
  i 'll have to double check , but i do n't think i used insertorabort, 
  food is because some theories say they point to fresh water sources, 
  production is for flavour, 
  we 're planning to hopefully remove the flood plain bit at some point . 
  it 's still in there because the ai seems to avoid flat deserts like the plague , so flood plains are often the only flat desert tiles they 'll have, 
  i 've never been able to put them on resources , personally . 
  does this work ? 
  i think there 's an inuit civ somewhere , but i 'd love to do a tundra civ at some point . 
  well , next up are a couple of splits . 
  we 're splitting polynesia into hawaii , rapa nui , the maori and tonga . 
  we 're also splitting india into modern india , the mughals , the maratha , maurya and chola . 
  as far as single civs go , we 've got a couple on the cards , mostly from either eastern europe or africa . 
  one of the more complete ones is minoa , which should be a science / naval civ, 
  that 's the ultimate goal . 
  we just need to try and find some way to make the nazca settle in flat desert when it 's the ai - otherwise they 'll never have cities where they can build the geoglyphs . 
  flood plains are still in because the ai will settle there, 
  i 'm thinking that 's what we 'll have to do , based on the feedback,
