  who could be so important that they have a tomb 10 times bigger than one of the greatest kings of macedon ? 
  exactly . 
  previously it could be portrayed as just an election year smear campaign , but the fact that it 's a proper investigation gives legitimacy to the claims in the book, 
  * `` our thorough investigation has concluded that it was , in fact , senior staff of the green party which leaked the internal national party discussions , and kim dotcom which worked with mr. slater in his expos\u00e9 of the immoral dealings of labour party staff and opponents of the key ~ ~ regime ~ ~ government . 
  our conclusion is that henseforth anyone who questions this decision shall be trialed for thoughtcrime . 
  except for nuclear weapons . 
  we keep that shit as far away as we can . 
  i 'm not sure about whether that says more about / r/newzealand or the state of politics in nz, 
  in about the same way as this book is a smear campaign . 
  it 's not and it does n't , but the police investigating something ca n't be as easily brushed off by key as a bunch of allegations that some guy wrote in a book, 
  i beg to differ , i think this is one of the most important elections in recent history for new zealand . 
  we 're going to have a shift in direction afterwards , either to the right along with the us and australia , or to the left , closer to europe . 
  yes , we 're fighting a lot , but the reason we 're fighting is because some see this as literally fighting for the future of the country . 
  extreme opinions on the left see john key as driving us towards 1984 , and extreme opinions on the right seem to think that everyone on the left is high and incapable of running a government , and that electing them would cause our country to go down the drain . 
  well , there 's kind of an international agenda by extension , as some opposition parties have promised to withdraw nz from the five eyes intelligence network and refuse to extradite kim dotcom . 
  but that 's only if this has any impact on the election, 
  no , that 's why i said that it 's only if this has any impact on the election , which is only about a month away . 
   i assume that means an international impact , in that it will affect our 5 eyes agreement if it makes national lose . 
  yeah , that was all i was meaning . 
  i doubt we 're ruled by a member of a secret organisation that uses us as a lab rat , so yeah . 
  misunderstood the original comment , most likely, 
  we 'd be happy to have you if you decided to, 
  i wonder if anyone would notice, 
  book ? 
  what book ? 
  that depends on whether it 's the same government as the current one - we 're a month out from election, 
  nah , this one involves one of the ministers , the communications officer for the national party and a right wing blogger primarily , i believe, 
  that depends on whether he can mobilise the students who previously could n't be bothered voting, 
  give it a month , we may have a new government by then . 
   burning an effigy of john key that has been pinned on him, 
  which had no relation to him whatsoever , but yeah . 
  what actually * is * his role in the party , since he ca n't legally stand as a candidate ? 
  and [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fwvthmjnok ) the link in the image , it 's the trailer for the daughters of mars dlc, 
  damn , you bet me to it by about a minute . 
  i took a print screen since the post was taken down almost straight away, 
  yeah , i do n't get it . 
  i was able to get all of the dlc up to cig for free , and we had a chance to get beasts of war free too . 
  pretty sure that 's over half of the dlc , and i 'm happy with that . 
  yeah , but it was down when i posted that . 
  they must have made it public again or something, 
  i 'd choose to instead take it as a good sign that they 're going in the right direction , given that the thing people complain about now is the animations of some units . 
  nah , i bought rome 2 , but then got the greek states for free as a preorder bonus , followed by the next pack ( was it the nomads ? ), 
  being released for free for a week . 
  then there 's the standard free-lc of baktria , seleucids etc. 
  they should team up with the conservatives . 
  got ta have someone to handle the court side, 
  it 's a good sign that people are complaining about ` axe animations ' now instead of ` fix siege ai ' ` fix battle ai ' ` fix big game crash ' , which means that ca has fixed most of the major issues already, 
   you do n't have to put up with my opinions the same way that i do n't have to put up with the dlc . 
  no , but he has a right to argue against them, 
  well , not by complimenting him . 
  except now it looks like he has a downvote brigade following him instead of an upvote one, 
  oh god , i hate arguments like that . 
  it 's really heated because both people * know * they 're right , and both of them * are * right . 
  it 's technicalities that mean that there 's an argument due to misunderstandings, 
  he should really play with staple guns some more, 
  needs more milhouse, 
  not a bad idea , but it would still create an issue if there 's any other reason for a self-post , since they would n't be able to post . 
  things that come to mind are meta posts , multiple documentaries over a theme ( like [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/21ve3p/documentaries_which_helped_me_to_understand_the/ ) as an example ) or other forms of discussion, 
  most of them never conquered the entire subcontinent , usually it was either the north or the south with a few independent states around the rest . 
  it does n't work with res for me :(, 
  i might have stayed with the new skin , if chat did n't look so horrible . 
  pixelvision for me, 
  when 's the next election , and is it going to be rigged ? 
  quick question , out of fettuccine and fajitas , which do you hate more ? 
  the only valid reason i can think of for that would be if it were a culture where it 's rude to talk yourself up . 
  i know that some maori here in nz have their families come with them to talk them up so that the applicant is n't being rude, 
  damn , even our skodiest parts look good, 
  also the comment about a vote for the conservative being a waste . 
  i hate colin craig as much as the next guy and would rather live in hamilton than see them in power , but i ca n't help but feel that a political editor should n't be making comments like that and passing them off as factual . 
   she took a closer look at me , frowned , and said , `` what about you ? 
  have you done something wrong ? '', 
   i laughed , tightened my grip on her shoulder , and said to her in a low , hard voice , `` how long have you been a screaming left-wing conspiracy theorist ? '', 
  oh god , this is fantastic . 
  well yeah , but even so . 
  you must be new here . 
  we should host our own server ... with blackjack !, 
  and hookers !, 
  sudden influx of people onto sector ? 
  jeez , could n't do that at mt hutt ... would n't have window wipers when you got back, 
  really ? 
  it 's working for me ... 
  yeah . 
  dad 's got some great close-up shots of them from mt hutt , but i ca n't seem to track the pics down, 
  i think this is the best case scenario for the country either way . 
  even if national wins again , they wo n't be quite as arrogant ( hopefully ) because the election race would have been closer than last time, 
  actual mod creator here , the game does n't support macrons unfortunately . 
  i tried with another mod a while back ( [ h\u014dry\u016b-ji ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h%c5%8dry%c5%ab-ji ) ) and it showed up as ' h ry - ji ' - so having maori is probably better than m ori . 
  rest assured that i 'm trying to give the maori as good a representation as i can - the reason i 'm doing the mod in the first place is that the base game lumped the maori in with a leader from hawaii and the moai from rapa nui in a polynesian civilisation , with the city names being islands ( the city of aotearoa ? 
  ) , so anything will be a fair bit better than currently, 
  it must depend on where you are . 
  i 've personally seen them attacking the window wipers and even some of the ski equipment every now and then up at mt hutt and arthur 's pass , but have n't seen thenm do as much damage down around queenstown and the milford road, 
  winnie is secretly a masterful wikileaks hacker, 
   the first person whaledump followed was kimdotcom, 
  quick !, 
  let 's find a way to link this back to kim dotcom again !, 
  well yeah , plus [ this ] ( http://blog.eternalvigilance.me/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/tame-iti.jpg ) is the same guy, 
  omc is n't even really a household name in nz . 
  the song is well known , but if anyone ever asked me `` what 's omc '' i 'd probably respond `` are n't they the guys that wrote how bizarre ? '', 
  looks like we 've got another screaming left-wing conspiracy theorist over here , guys !, 
  and yet , there 's a good chance they 're going to win .
