  why not both :d, 
  is there somewhere i can see a list of what 's currently in , so i do n't overlap ? 
  surely the uu model and any relevant lua too ? 
  maybe up their expansion flavour so they have no choice, 
  i think that 's a result of starting on a 1-tile island and not tonga itself . 
  happened to me on testing a couple times, 
  mc mexico best mexico, 
  nah , maori are better for a domination game, 
  plus the ayyubids are a better conqueror civ than egypt is . 
  play around with the flavours ? 
  not sure what happened , they seem to have reexpanded . 
  will take another look, 
  sorry to get your hopes up, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/tehokioi, 
  neither - that mccready is n't an affected party and so ca n't prosecute , or something like that, 
  i thought [ pi ] was for stories which were inspired by old prompts , not for prompts inspired by prompts, 
  i think eu is fine , maybe link to the original prompt and explain in the description or something ? 
   reasonably stable, 
   housing, 
  pick one . 
   another couple of years of this and they 'll be polling like 150 % . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/605/ ), 
  is there no way to transfer it to otago or something , or is it only offered up in auckland ? 
  i thought it was pretty big down here in chch too ? 
  queenstown does n't count , i 'm pretty sure properties there are expensive even by auckland standards, 
  i think it 's just something about seeing it in a movie theatre . 
  i felt the same when i went to see jurassic world - i 've seen the originals too many times to count , but just being able to sit in a movie theatre and hear the jurassic park theme play was something special . 
  apparently the differences are small enough on such a big scale that they look circular when shrunk to this size, 
  the cities and all that would be safe , just be very careful about wandering out in the wilderness because there are still minefields in the region from the wars in the 90 's, 
  rule 5 : pretty much everyone in the game was at war with the ottomans - when the time came to besiege istanbul there were five armies ( and navies ) present all trying to capture the city . 
  korea had a chance but decided not to attack , even though it was certain victory , allowing me to capture the city at the last minute, 
  france , had just finished liberating suleiman 's northern conquests which negated my warmonger penalties for conquering his heartland, 
  so theoretically , would destroying prometheus have any impact on the solar system or would everything just continue as normal for the most part ? 
  i did - brazil and india both hammered it down to nothing , ottomans destroyed my embarked infantry , korea did n't attack despite being able to conquer the city with one turtle ship and then it was my turn and i could capture it with my cavalry . 
  small continents plus , high sea level , 3 billion years and maybe hot . 
  reminds me of a story dad used to tell me . 
  he was heading through the tunnel on the way to a party one night , and blasts his horn on the way through ( which at the time was a big airhorn sort of thing . ), 
  after he did , he noticed some pedestrians nearby and felt kind of bad . 
  later on that night he overhears a conversation at the party where someone was talking about walking through the tunnel on the way and some dickhead blasted his airhorn right next to them , and that their ears were still ringing from it . 
  large scale ui , it 's on the options menu and i love it way more than the normal one . 
  what do you mean , older folk ? 
  i 'm 18 , dammit, 
  it would also mean that the value of rent decreases - if you 're charging nz$ 1000 per week for rent , then you 'd now be getting roughly us$ 100 per week less than you would have been back in january , when the dollar was stronger . 
  you have exams in * october ? 
  i realised i was dreaming one time in the middle of this weird hostage thing . 
  next thing i know and i 'd got a tank to smash through the wall and fix everything, 
  public transport ? 
  he mentioned it in the youtube thing the other day , not sure if we 'll get it at all : /, 
  winston has a view on something does n't necessarily make that view bad or wrong . 
  you 're allowed to agree with someone on some issues and disagree on others , that 's part of politics . 
   martian law, 
  i think there 's a difference between ethnicity and nationality here , which is tripping some people up . 
  someone might be ethnically from china ( they have lots of ethnic groups which i 'm not going to go into but yeah ) and be a new zealander for three generations or whatever . 
  nobody is arguing that ethnic chinese should be restricted from buying houses at all , but rather that owning land should be restricted to new zealand nationals, 
  is this before or after the divisions of moa cavalry ? 
  i eagerly await the earth-shattering kaboom, 
  what if the boy grows up to be the father in the original ice age ? 
   whether a flag is a serious or non-serious design, 
  you realise what subreddit you 're in , right ? 
  oi sod off mate , marmite beats vegemite any day of the week . 
  it 's the one good thing you lot have n't stolen from us yet, 
   * of course you can convert , my good friend !, 
  we shall perform the initiation ceremony at my residence tonight , if that is okay with you . 
  i will purchase several nine litre containers of beer , some < unknown  , as well as a bulk package of sausages and we will steadily become extremely intoxicated !, 
  no , it 's just beginning to get good . 
  you 've not got syria 2.0 with a 3-way war - the caliphate , basaam and the rebels , and jamal and abuddin . 
  it 's going to end up as the caliphate diminishing and you 're left with brother against brother in a civil war over the country, 
  holy fuck , easily one of the best episodes . 
  tariq finally gone , basaam kicking ass and becoming the leader of the resistance , and setting the stage for future war . 
  ca n't wait for the rest of the season, 
  i do n't think they have sacrificed him . 
  he strikes me as a soldier of fortune kind of role , he 's with the caliphate because they 're his best chance at the moment . 
  when they begin to decline , he may break off and go it alone again, 
  username mentions are for everyone now regardless , it 's just the highlights that are mod-specific, 
  the russians launch from baikonur , which is about at an equivalent latitude to dunedin . 
  iirc they 're planning to rebuild one in russia proper , which would likely be even further north . 
  launching from closer to the equator does make it easier , but i do n't think it 's impossible to launch from further away, 
  that would involve holding farmers accountable . 
  they 've used that site since the 50 's , it was a good location because the area is so desolate . 
  it was also relatively stable , the caucasus are a hotbed and have been for most of the soviet occupation . 
  vladivostok was probably too close to too many enemies for their liking , given the proximity to the koreas , china and even the us . 
  i was still holding out for ` goatee ', 
  not quite that point , it was a couple centuries earlier when the ottomans were at war with venice . 
  definitely something that was on the cards , was worried it might be a bit too organised for / r/nz though . 
  i think the link flakes are done through the same system as the user ones though , so you may need to set that up ( or make me a mod and i 'll do it :d ), 
  what sort of thing did you have in mind ? 
  just standard flairs / r/worldnews style or coloured ones / r/vexillology style ? 
  and a ` hide ' filter or a show only filter , like on the aforementioned respectively . 
  i think flairs for everything might get a bit much , but definitely a political one at least ( or inside joke ones like / r/nomansskythegame ), 
  `` res ignored duplicate link '' saved me this time, 
   she 's calling on ministers to actually come through on their stated goal of ensuring public sector boards are made up of 45 % women , and on government to apply special measures to identify and promote more women , m\u0101ori , pacific , ethnic minorities and people with disabilities into senior leadership positions, 
  sounds like the latter , unfortunately . 
  i hate whenever this argument comes up , because it 's a real thing that needs addressing but it always just devolves into a storm of race and gender cards flying everywhere . 
  the article is calling for women and minorities to be promoted just because they 're underrepresented , which is pretty much like taking a painkiller to deal with a sore stomach - you 're treating a symptom but not the root problem . 
  sure it makes you feel better in the short term , but long term it 's still going to be an issue . 
  what actually needs to be done is to look at why they 're not getting the jobs in the first place . 
  if it turns out that a company * is * discriminating against them because of gender or ethnicity then sure , throw the book at them . 
  it 's against the human rights act and they should know better . 
  but if it turns out there 's an underlying issue , then it gives us an indication of where it 's going wrong and how we can actually go about fixing the problem . 
  someone should have a long talk with whoever keeps approving the adoptions,
