  i 'm usually oblivious like this too - was talking to a girl a while back , she asked me `` are you doing anything tomorrow ? '', 
  and it did n't click for me until about a month later, 
  if it were the entire un , israel would agree to it too . 
  most likely this would be through a two-state solution , and palestine would be getting the scraps of the region if israel is happy . 
  it 's monday for australia and nz, 
  sorry , i probably am . 
  could you please explain the difference ? 
  in that case then yes , i did mean state . 
  i 'll fix that now , thanks !, 
  what 's the third one ? 
  i meant the other one - there 's the op and the space sloth , but i 've never seen the other one . 
  oh hey , i 've met this guy . 
  he went to a unesco conference i attended a couple years back , seemed like a reasonably decent guy back then , would n't have expected him to do something like this . 
  oh awesome , thanks, 
  look up to the skies and see !, 
  yeah , the only features of g&k that bnw does n't have are the civs and the scenarios - everything else is included . 
  kingdom of the crystal hitler, 
  itt : kiwi inside-jokes and lotr references, 
  it would depend on the circumstances surrounding their independence , but i 'd say there would be border clashes between kashmir , india and pakistan as the borders are settled and the balance between land desired and land lost is sorted out . 
  i think the conflict would n't immediately end , but hostilities would gradually decrease until it calms down, 
  i do n't think it would be that similar to israel , as israel was made by the un and european powers coming out of colonisation . 
  i would see it as a un-supported agreement between india and pakistan , but the final borders would be decided through the un . 
  both original countries would feel that the other country got to keep more of their land , and would probably try to jostle for power and influence over the new state while arguing about the borders . 
  meanwhile , i can see a power play developing in kashmir not just between india and pakistan but also between america and china . 
  america would want a ( another ? ), 
  good ally close to iran , china and afghanistan , and potentially a location for a military base . 
  china would want to combat this , and play a similar role to what they do in africa ( although i do n't know what sort of resources kashmir has and thus how interested they would be in the new state ) . 
  that guess would be right - article says it 'll be $ 75,000 for a two hour trip, 
  not everywhere gets hurricanes , and i 'm sure it would be easy enough to find somewhere capable of supporting such a project outside of the hurricane zones, 
  `` the only rules that really matter are these : what a man can do , and what a man ca n't do . 
  i could let you drown , but i ca n't sail this ship to tortuga all by me onesies , savvy ? 
  so , can you sail under command of a pirate , or can you not ? '', 
  from the piracy tech in the conquest of the new world scenario, 
  is that why you guys mistake pavlova and phar lap as yours ? 
  that seems to be the case . 
  while doing some research on the acropolis last year i came across [ this image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wpxcmaa.jpg ) just inside the cover ( had another one on the back , but this was the one featuring the parthenon ) . 
  sadly i ca n't remember the name of the book , and as such ca n't confirm the validity of the image , but the text in the center top features the year 1670 , about 17 years before it was blown up by the artillery shell . 
  it also shows the defensive tower which was demolished after the ottoman period , but i 'm not sure how significant that is . 
  the relevant bit of this is the parthenon , and it would seem from this image that it 's just the minaret on a still largely greek building . 
  2073 hours according to steam for me , which is almost 2 hours every day since i got it, 
  the patches and new content help to keep it fresh , but i have to admit that despite the crashes and instability issues i 'm nostalgic for the months after vanilla . 
  i remember playing against queen victoria of british east africa , although i ca n't remember who i was . 
  i miss the mods on the old mod browser and the vanilla menu / theme, 
  yeah , but we still call the bell peppers capsicum over here, 
  you reminded me of the last bbq i was at , back at the start of the year . 
  the bbq was one of those cheap ones all the schools have , with the wooden bits either side of the actual bbq . 
  the guy manning it set fire to these wooden bits by accident and ended up burning everything cooking at the time . 
  moral of the story is be careful about who you designate as the master of the grill, 
   anyway , my point is that these are all things that have special circumstances . 
  they all happened in places suffering from a polarized angry society . 
  or war exhaustion . 
  or gridlocked political systems . 
  or financial and economic crises . 
  or governments operating outside the rule of law . 
  we 've got nothing to worry about . 
  you deserve a medal for this . 
  can someone explain * why * there has n't been any major unrest in america because of all this ? 
  i mean , in new zealand ( where i live ) there would have been ( and have been ) mass protests over stuff miniscule in comparison . 
  we had thousands of people on the streets across the country protesting a bill that let the government 's spy agency , the gcsb , spy on new zealand citizens , and even more than that when the government proposed mining on conservation land . 
  and we 're not even a country born in revolution , we 've had a ( mostly ) peaceful past . 
  huh , til . 
  cheers mate !, 
  yeah , i know . 
  my ` thousands of people ' was in relation to the size of new zealand 's population ( roughly 4.5 million ) . 
  the largest protest here against the conservation land mining was about 40,000 people strong , which would be the equivalent of about 2.8 million people if the same percentage of the population was protesting in a country about the size of the states . 
   he ignore the fact that there has not been a major revolution in any of the major western european countries that existed prior to the french revolution . 
  what about the pilgrimage of grace ? 
  granted it did n't amount to anything , but it was larger than the army sent to oppose it and had the potential to pose a serious threat to henry 's rule if it had continued . 
  i 'd still count that as a rebellion at the least , if not a full blown revolution - but the point is it happened a couple centuries before the french revolution, 
  we 've got a couple like that here too - john campbell did [ a great interview ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ed2jkokgrja ) a couple weeks ago with our minister of energy which resulted in the politician essentially shouting `` fact of the matter is '' and repeating himself, 
   apparently the simpsons producers were aware of her illness . 
  that 'll be who dies then , i 'm sure of it . 
  if they had to writer her out of the script instead of replacing the voice , might as well kill her off, 
  edit : according to the facebook page of the simpsons , it 's unrelated . 
  the person who dies is n't edna, 
  i think a good place to start would be the greatest hits albums , from where you can decide what sort of songs you like and go to the original albums at that point . 
  i would suggest a night at the opera as another one to look at too, 
  yeah , i just saw that . 
  they 're still going to retire the character though , which is probably a good idea . 
  someone over at / r/thesimpsons suggested having edna win the lottery and move to a caribbean island instead of an undignified exit, 
  okay then , what if china suffered a similar collapse to yugoslavia ? 
  but it is up and coming !, 
  next month they 're filming a post-apocalyptic film here , er , the * before * shots of course ... 
  what i think was meant is that it would be easier to show a lottery win with existing sound bytes ( have it through kent brockman , with her holding a lottery ticket and the standard `` ha '' ) than it would be to write her out in such a way that it would n't be obvious . 
  that 's true - maybe ned and his kids go with her , and that 's what the ` killing off ' of a character was ? 
  [ so where the bloody hell are ya ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-zlr9epuj8 ), 
  close , rapid early expansion . 
  it 's building about four or five cities asap , then going tall with them before expanding further, 
  why would australia and new zealand become part of europe ? 
  a global government after a period of independent rule on such a scale would n't work , as you would n't be able to effectively run a country with territory nearly exactly half way around the world . 
  it could become an autonomous region , but then what 's the point in it even being part of the country ? 
  i imagine you 'd still have separatist movements , and some occupations ( especially pakistan / india ) would cause a lot of grief . 
  that sounds right - sorry i got mixed up , it was early, 
  yeah , i know it 's cosmos , not journey . 
  it was early when i posted this , i got them mixed up . 
  the name of this promo is journey . 
  reminds me of a rotated [ surf life saving flag ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/reslib/201011/r665497_4798295.jpg ), 
  there 's the springfield heights institute of technology too , on the simpsons, 
  i 'd like to see the first season first - damn new zealand television,
