  i have no issues with ads on youtube with ublock origin, 
  fancy chocolate is much better . 
  i 've been meaning to get some of that 100 % cacao from willie 's for cooking to try and use for some more interesting dishes , but have n't been able to find any, 
  disappointed they 've already removed the good quality one, 
  wish they 'd taken a gospel choir on the road with them and done this version on the tour itself, 
  i mean tbh does he ever see them anyway ? 
  they were trying to get sources outside the rezidentura , and she was the only one who bit, 
  i 'm gon na have the last word if the two of you do n't get over yourselves . 
  hell , i 'd go further than that, 
  you have too much faith in comic book show deaths without bodies, 
  so fucking stoked about this , we 're now the 11th ( ? ), 
  nation to send something to space . 
  was n't even related to nukes or anything , like half of the rest of them, 
  as a kiwi , i 'm so fucking stoked about this . 
  all these other countries are busy with massive programs that have bigger budgets than our gdp , and we still manage to pull it off . 
  also , the fact that we have a space agency website now is just so fucking cool and like a dream come true, 
  found out today at 10:50 that i had a photo at 11 , so had to throw on a nice-ish top and race down to uni to get there in time . 
  also managed to get next to nothing done on my essay due next week , but none of that matters because holy shit we 're in space, 
  already want to draw up plans for a spaceport in the mackenzie country, 
  [ like an airport , but space ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spaceport_america ), 
  maybe his foot though , to go with the hand, 
  the rocket was built by kiwis in new zealand using kiwi materials . 
  that 's good enough for me, 
  what about the sonic dampener shit they used to stop dinah 's powers ? 
  could they use that to block the signal for the c4 ? 
  yep , that 's pretty much what we 're all thinking, 
  electron logo flair is now a thing , open to more rocket flairs too, 
  * [ and i 'm gon na be high as a kite by then ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtvbcg6thdk ) *, 
  mahia is still much closer to the equator than baikonur , where the russians launch all their stuff . 
  iirc if they 're somewhere like that they 're allowed to eat / drink based on daylight hours at mecca, 
  it was bad timing , his son had just died or something like that, 
  i 'm fully adding that right now, 
  ah , i wondered what was causing that . 
  suppose it 'd look shitty if it were upscaled to 2000 , so maybe if someone can add a fade to black on the left hand side to bring it up to 2000 ? 
  nah , this time it 's the americans from the looks of the comments, 
  that seems pretty flawed . 
  we 're above that but are nowhere near the top levels of wealth like you see in auckland and in the rich parts of elsewhere, 
  as a household , i 'd love to be earning 70k, 
  oh nah we are , i 'm just the one working part time in retail while putting myself through uni, 
  i 've heard train whistles at times when there are n't trains running , and given we 're probably about 5km from the nearest train line it 's a bit unnerving, 
  that 's true , i 'd forgotten about that . 
  if the wind was right , we could hear the lions at the zoo in the mornings back when i was a kid , and that was about two kilometres over hills and shit, 
  that 'd make sense , there 's a few factories closer than the rail, 
  i meant as in someone in the immediate family is, 
  fixed it !, 
  they 're a kiwi company who is american on paper so that they can get access to better facilities and contracts . 
  oh for sure , i 'm not saying we 're living paycheck to paycheck or anything , rather that we 're nowhere near the levels of wealth of like property magnates or that sort of thing and yet are taxed the same, 
  we 've had a bunch of switch sitting on the shelf for about half a month now with no sales, 
  i feel like the budget was enough of a bribe to swing things in national 's favour, 
  i 'd have also thought the ~ ~ bribes ~ ~ tax cuts would have worked in their favour more, 
  i think it depends on what sort of mood i 'm in . 
  sometimes it 's streets , sometimes acrobat , sometimes asoh , and so on . 
  i think acrobat would probably tip it most of the time , though i 'm partial to the wanderer at the moment, 
  shit i just realised i do n't count as a teenager anymore , 21 next month, 
  am ^ ^ ^ almost ^ ^ ^ still ^ ^ ^ a teenager , can confirm, 
  looks great !, 
  what did you use to make it ? 
  tech store in new zealand, 
  what are you wanting as far as a rental goes ? 
  car ? 
  i do n't think many places will let you go off-road , which could make ski fields a bit more difficult if that 's your plan, 
  shit , how long has coronet peak been fully sealed ? 
  are n't rangitoto and mototapu connected now ? 
  yeah , for sure . 
  what i like about the wanderer is the juxtaposition in it , especially to the rest of the album . 
  on the one hand you have the sort of space age , electronic and distorted music which fits in perfectly with the rest of zooropa , and then on the other hand you have the old school western vocals of johnny cash , which could n't be more different . 
  put them together and you get this awesome sort of atomic space cowboy type song . 
  acrobat on the other hand is just raw emotion . 
  i 'm not even sure how to describe it in a way that does it justice . 
  you can hear the anger and anguish dripping off the vocals , while all the instruments have similar levels of passion in them . 
  even in the [ bootleg recording of an acoustic soundcheck of it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=292xzcrkelu ) you can tell the level of passion which goes into it , though the acoustic guitar gives it an almost protest / folk song feel , in contrast to the solid rock of the studio, 
  or , you know , they 're just closer to the bottom of the south and it 's just a perspective thing . 
  ah , i thought the eruption has reached it, 
  huh . 
  maybe i 'm thinking of carrying on up skippers, 
  fucking nuts at the moment - can pretty much see it with the naked eye from tai tapu, 
  you can see it with the naked eye from tai tapu tonight it 's so strong, 
  yeah , it 's dying down now too . 
  bloody cold out , but we could see it from the road so you might even get away with just going for a drive south, 
  apparently , being the fickle things they are , it 's not dying down just yet, 
  let me have this please :(, 
  might have been stronger if you 'd had diamonds on the soles of your shoes, 
  oh hey , it 's me !, 
  only had this name because / u/pouakai ( their main maori name ) was taken , so i went with the alternative name, 
  half way through the 4000 word essay i have to present tomorrow , and i 've just realised i 've already covered half of what i have outlined still to talk about . 
  this should be fun ... 
  well i 've started talking about what even is new zealand so i think i 'm at that point, 
  for real , like is that even really something that happens ? 
  i mean half of our police force are animals anyway so i would n't know . 
  source : live in nz, 
  yeah , just honours, 
  at the moment it 's on nationalist rhetoric of separatist movements within the eu , and how they reconcile nationalism / separatism with being in the eu . 
  not as hyped about it as i was at the start of the year though, 
  what 's the actual meaning behind wall street girl ? 
  i always thought it was a girl standing up to the bull , and therefore standing up to the banks ? 
  cool to see we 've got a name for bono 's character for exit now - the shadow man, 
  these last two have been rough , both great songs . 
  that was my big issue with soi to be honest . 
  they were supposed to be returning to their roots , but the songs just sounded too clean and polished . 
  i 'm disappointed tiwycrm is n't getting more love , it 's one of my favourites on the album,
