  look at u2 , they had four albums out before the joshua tree came in and made them one of the biggest bands in the world , and then they had a mixed reception with rattle and hum before achtung baby came in again and cemented it . 
  then there were another couple of iffy releases with zooropa and pop ( even though the first one is bloody awesome ) before all that you ca n't leave behind brought them into the mainstream again . 
  if you have a couple huge successes , then it does n't matter if not all of your albums are perfect, 
  fuck yeah , more superhero shows :d, 
  just wish cbs would n't be so stuck up and just agree to have it in the same universe as arrow / flash / lot etc, 
  given kosovo 's limited recognition i 'd say having a map of itself on the flag is a bit more significant than usual , as it 's asserting the country 's territory and existence , and ties the flag to that area . 
  compare it to something like tibet 's flag , which is a symbol of tibet but has no obvious tie to the territory of tibet, 
  it was -7 here this morning , you trying to tell me that 's not winter ? 
  other than the obvious aaa titles , i think apotheon is really good . 
  awesome art style , fits perfectly in with greek myth ( personalities of all the gods are the same ) and there 's a fair bit beyond the main quest line that you can do , with a bunch of side quests and hidden chests etc. 
  the story might be a bit short if you 're used to really long ones , but for what it is it 's great . 
  that 's why you make a special one nobody 's seen before, 
  holy shit , your post just made me realise that people on the iss literally commute to work on a rocket ship, 
  morning everyone , i 'm back having finished all essays ( do n't remind me about exams . ), 
  on this day in 1494 spain and portugal signed the treaty of tordesillas , which divided the new world between the two of them . 
  it 's not like there were people there already or anything . 
  also in the new world , today in 1863 saw french troops capture mexico city and subsequently installed a puppet government . 
  also today , in 1893 gandhi begins his campaign of civil disobedience , allied soldiers kill 10,000 german troops by detonating mines under the german line in the battle of messines , and in 1938 the nationalist chinese government created a flood on the yellow river in an attempt to halt the japanese advance , which resulted in the deaths of between 500,000 and 900,000 civilians . 
  in israel being at war with its neighbours , 1967 saw israeli troops enter jerusalem , 1981 saw the israeli air force bomb and destroy an iraqi nuclear reactor , and in 2000 the united nations formally defined a border between israel and lebanon . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by margins of error and sectarian conflict . 
  might have more luck if you buy two shoes instead of just one, 
  that top gear title sequence with them is quite possibly the greatest thing i 've ever seen, 
  well , um , without putting to fine a point on it , yes . 
  jeremy elwood has a [ good bit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftwebpy_47o ) on that, 
  i 'd say it is by nz standards , but not in comparison to the states or the european far right, 
  i 'm not sure this is something you want to get caught up in , joe, 
   go blackcaps !, 
  your australia flair says otherwise, 
  is n't schweppes in nz done by coca cola ? 
   how do they travel from north to south pole ? 
  they do n't - there was a story a couple years ago of a ship being stuck down in antarctica . 
  the russians sent one of their ships and it got stuck too , the chinese sent one of their ships and it could n't get either free , and it got to a point where the only ship that could get through the ice could n't be used because it was nuclear powered and in the arctic . 
  they ended up having to be evacuated of everyone but a skeleton crew , who waited it out until the ice thawed a bit more . 
  have n't got a question , just want to say thanks to you and the rest of the guys for doing such a bang up job in the world cup and making it such a great event for the whole country - we had it playing at work , most of the staff and customers were all watching and cheering , it was amazing . 
  thanks for the ama too , it 's refreshing to have such an honest and genuine one instead of someone 's pr team answering and dodging all the tricky questions, 
  he never said anything of the sort , you 're just jumping to that conclusion . 
  nuclear powered ice breakers are different , they use the cool sea water as part of the cooling system - the ship would overheat in warm waters, 
  the first cricket world cup began in england in 1975 , america and the uk agree to suppress the slave trade in 1862 , and the boeing 777 first entered service in 1995, 
  `` we 'll see how it goes '', 
  so in his ama yesterday jimmy neesham said that he regularly browses / r/newzealand as well as some other subs , i thought that 's kinda cool, 
  or even posting a link to the webpage ... 
  most people i talk to have never heard of it , or they 've only heard of it since they see people browsing it, 
  looks like northland [ gets earthquakes ] ( http://www.shakeout.govt.nz/images/northland_earthquakes-northland_cdem_group_plan.png ) , they 're just tiny . 
  people still use mail and fax machines , you 're dreaming if you think they 're going to ban them, 
  i suppose somewhere like russia it does n't matter as much , given they 've got ports that would be able to make the repairs necessary, 
  yeah , but he also covered an indestructible hairdryer inside an indestructible box , incinerating its way around the world and then the universe , and we still have a planet, 
  okay , what about guns . 
  they kill people , and they have n't been outlawed . 
  not completely outlawed , just imposed restrictions on them , like we currently have with cars ( ie . 
  getting a license ), 
  you act as though those are mutually exclusive, 
  maybe remove it , and instead throw a link in at the top ( where that oc notification is or something ) so that it 's still up the top , but does n't break scripts ? 
  i feel like this place could use a bit of a facelift . 
  i know that some of it needs to stay because of the sfwporn network , but even so it could still look miles better if someone put the effort in . 
  leading into this , since there 's always people complaining that nz / the pacific northwest / iceland always dominate / r/earthporn , have you ever considered implementing a / r/worldnews style flair and topic hiding system ? 
  have people add flairs to their posts ( or set it up automatically , since it needs to be in the title anyway ) and then have the option on the sidebar to say ` hide nz photos ' or ` hide all frequently posted regions ' or whatever . 
  could be good for some variety , at least, 
  i thought will mcavoy was the president in this, 
  [ kind of relevant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/31wbb9/wpnsfw_the_world_has_moved_on_from_nature/cq5ltdo ) ( nsfw ), 
  i 'll throw in [ a classic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6qzn9xiuoe ) suggestion, 
  gooooood morning and welcome to tuesday the 9th of june . 
  on this day in history , the roman emperor nero marries claudia octavia in the year 53 ad , whom he later had exiled after having multiple affairs . 
  in response to a public outcry against the banishment of octavia , nero had her killed on this day in 62 . 
  fifteen years after the marriage , six after octavia 's death and also today , nero committed suicide , famously shouting `` what an artist dies in me '' as he lay dying . 
  in response to this , the roman senate declared nero a public enemy and proclaimed the man who was attempting to usurp him as the new emperor . 
  this did n't last long , as the year after nero 's death saw four different men as roman emperor . 
  in lighter history , on this day in 1923 a coup occurs in bulgaria , donald duck made his debut today in 1934 and in 1999 yugoslavia and nato sign a peace treaty , signalling the end of the kosovo war . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by madmen in power, 
  it 's a little-known fact that reddit is actually hotel california . 
  you can check out any time you want , but you can never leave, 
  fuck i always thought it was rhinoceros, 
  with india it is n't as much of a problem , given english is fairly widespread too , and i guess it could be the same with mexico too if they were making an english film , but definitely on the korean bit, 
  that 's palmy though , i guess breaking into stuff is the only thing to do, 
  hey , you changed your flair, 
  i 'd guess some of the stuff in arrow could cause your house to be a bit creepy if you were home alone . 
  ca n't say too much more without spoilers, 
  i would n't go that far , s2 was definitely better but s3 was n't disappointing . 
  [ too slow , 404 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/391jlq/new_zealand_daily_random_discussion_thread_09/cs0fhsm?context=3 ), 
   happy irl cake day, 
  pretty sure it 's way easier to just say ` bday ' or even ` birthday ', 
  * finally today , we are pleased to announce our new anchors for the 6pm bulletin : police commissioner mike bush and sergeant guy baldwin , of the new zealand police force . 
  the new format news will focus primarily on crime stories from at home and abroad , which will be reflected in the new name of `` 3 news cops '' *, 
  i think it 's ad block , once that 's disabled their content works fine . 
  heh , i must have pissed someone off , everything on the most recent page of my post history has been downvoted, 
  not * that * dedicated , they only did one page, 
  if someone had all three cars and let top gear use them , but did n't disclose who gave them the cars , could they do anything about it ? 
  not that i have all three or anything , just curious, 
  the blow on the pie guy is the anchor , i got his name off the breakfast interview with him on it, 
  hist127 - american history and pols105 - comparative politics are ones that i took last year ( as well as a couple others ) but i 'd really recommend them . 
  both have amazing lecturers , and while the content can be a bit heavy they do a great job of making it easy to understand while actually making it interesting . 
  first american history lecture the lecturer was parading up and down the aisles pretty much giving a history of the world , and then a couple weeks before the end of term was having 9/11 debates with a couple of conspiracy theorists in the class . 
  i may not end up being able to make it , sorry - dad 's off to the other side of the world mid-way through the week and wanted to have a family dinner for my birthday before he goes ( birthday is a couple days after he leaves ) and with exams and work saturday is the only available day : / maybe next time ? 
  what i want to know is why danny said he hit him over the head with the paddle, 
  for a subreddit that has meetups so often , i 'm disappointed in you / r/wellington, 
  i was , but i ca n't make it anymore : /, 
  how about the rights of the nz population to afford treatment ? 
  only one on their sidebar was last night , no sign of anything on saturday, 
  any chance we could get a new css for this place ? 
  i 'd suggest a version of [ dscvry ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dscvry ) , or maybe something like / r/turkey has, 
  we have shit public transport , so people drive more ?
