  i 've heard a bit of their stuff on hauraki . 
  seem like they 're half way between a band i 'd like and one i 'd hate . 
  i keep expecting someone other than frank to break the fourth wall . 
  couple episodes ago it was claire , now i 'm thinking conway will . 
   a lot of mods, 
  i 'd hardly call two of the team `` a lot '' - you 're making it out as though it 's some big grand conspiracy , when it 's not even close . 
  not as far as i know - dead rooster was the one who went out of his way to get the admins involved and bring those responsible to account, 
  god , is this seriously the argument you 're both going with ? 
  do any of them have patreon ? 
  might be a better way to support them than ads where youtube take a fairly substantial cut, 
  so was thinking about preordering no man 's sky . 
  when it first went on sale a couple days ago it was $ 73 on steam . 
  checked today and it 's already gone up to $ 90 . 
  fuck you , steam . 
  you shut your goddamn whore mouth , you pavlova-stealing phar-lap claimer !, 
  damn , that 's not bad . 
  is that header still showing up on here though ? 
  it 's not supposed to show up once you 're subscribed ... 
  oh god i thought i was the only one, 
  removed , editorialised title . 
  can confirm, 
  i do n't think just a self post with a link counts as a self post, 
  i 'd love to have a post civil war game , maybe lasting up until world war one or something in terms of timeframe . 
  though at the rate they 're going i would n't be surprised if we got an `` hd edition '' with a new expansion at some point down the line, 
  he 's not the one doing the ama though, 
  removed , rules 6 and 8, 
  what sparrow said, 
  if anyone can figure out some css flair stuff then let me know , i 'm having issues with it, 
   new countdown being built in cable car lane . 
  wait , what ? 
  is it just a small star mart kind of thing ? 
  ca n't see where they 'd fit one in there . 
  we 've got gis stuff too , might as well . 
  plus we 're way better, 
  unless she becomes a stoner , i doubt that has much impact on us, 
  are you the walkie talkie man ? 
  [ last night at the show we saw him / going out of his tree ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7uvbwcjxuk ), 
  hell , he 's done all this work and he 's canadian . 
  i say just give him citizenship already, 
  found it on flickr , but it autodownloaded for some reason . 
  you 're still beating me , i need to sort my shit out and ask the girl in pols out, 
  check what plane you 're flying , and whether there are any 787 dreamliners on a route that you could take instead . 
  does wonders for stopping jetlag and combating that grogginess you get from flying . 
  bonus points for making it a huge grand gesture and proposing in front of hundreds of people, 
  shit , that 's who i was betting on . 
  you sure about that ? 
  i heard it was only legal to be over the limit ? 
  no chance of being able to take an extra week ? 
  would mean you can shoot down to wellington ( which is where you 'd want to go if you 're into good food and holes-in-the-wall ) and would n't be quite so stretched for time . 
  oh fuck , i knew it . 
  fucking internet not carrying tone . 
  you need to get this place looking decent too . 
  could always just scuttle the / r/nz theme and steal that - replace the header text with uc and the image with a fancy-like shot from sunrise up james height or some shit like that . 
  sounds like boxing day in retail, 
  ca n't see the crane if we 're up it , and i like not being expelled, 
  damn , that sucks . 
  you 'll just need to come back again sometime, 
  national standard , the only differences that are kind of close would be small liquor ban areas ( we 've got something like a three block radius around the uni i go to where an open container at all on public property is a $ 250 fine . ), 
  looks like the limit is 0.05 and none for under 20s , though on holiday weekends and around christmas it sometimes drops to zero for everyone ( along with a lower speed tolerance ), 
  basically it 's more pressurised than other planes , and has a higher humidity . 
  which means you 're going to absorb more oxygen ( since effectively you 're at a lower altitude in terms of the pressure ) and the higher humidity prevents you from drying out as well . 
  the windows are also slightly bigger , which helps increase natural light or something, 
  oh cool , that works perfectly , thanks . 
  i 'm assuming the sample text is just done through the text flair ? 
  awesome , thanks so much !, 
  as / u/jpr64 said , reddit as a whole has rules against self-promotion . 
  if you want , you can look at [ buying ad space ] ( https://www.reddit.com/advertising ) , but accounts set up solely to promote one thing ( such as this one ) are n't allowed , unfortunately . 
  shit , do n't wan na get tinny confused when you come over the ditch . 
  a certain illegal plant product that you 'd get from a tinny house, 
  should totally talk to the guys behind ynaemp and get tsl data for it . 
  would be so cool having it on a pangaea map . 
  i 've been thinking about doing a cretaceous or ice age map too, 
  oh fuck , that 's totally going to be it . 
  either the beluga or the whale shark - which would annoy me to no end since it 's not a goddamn whale , but they 've got a beluga on the fucking great barrier reef so who the fuck knows . 
  sounds like nz . 
  the roads look amazing and are great fun to drive on , but you 'll be going at 80km on all of them because of some dick in a camper refusing to pull over, 
  hopefully she 's just being racist against the shark instead of it actually working . 
  have you got an example of this , so i know what you 're talking about ? 
  i 'm from nz , and i do n't hear an accent when kiwis talk but apparently it 's real thick ( or thuck ) when other people hear . 
  nah , not hard drugs . 
  that 's not an issue with a digital game though, 
  shit , this made me realise how much i would love to hear a recording of freddie doing this some himself, 
  just realised i forgot to do tune thursday yesterday , so i 'll do it today . 
  no idea on a theme though . 
  umm , how about just favourite classic songs ? 
  inspired by summer of '69 currently playing . 
  will add a spotify thing soon, 
   i could do this all day . 
  please do , last week we got 50 . 
  i want to get close to that again, 
  god , that whole album is amazing . 
  bad time to ask whether you 'd want to whip up a kiwi snoo for us , then ? 
  sorry , i 'll get off your lawn now, 
  just realised i forgot to thank you - worked perfectly , thanks !, 
  did a quick back-of-an-envelope calculation , based on the average starting salary it would cost about $ 1,121,952,000 , or just over a billion dollars, 
  i think the first would be about as serious as the first, 
  how long until the next meetup , either normal ( / u/jahemian ) or stargazing ( / u/mamba _ 79 ) ? 
  been working on a project all day so did n't have a chance to do the spotify playlist until now . 
  [ link !, 
  ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/pouakai/playlist/266cviglcxsceswknrmk3n ),
