  that seems a bit one sided in coh2 's favour, 
  it does n't sound like it, 
  wait , four of what ? 
  i think his comment was showing how it 's stacked against us , not that he was serious about his offer, 
  i do n't see why it would n't, 
  it only counts wins , i believe, 
  so it could probably be about a two-three week trip . 
  if you get a nice enough train , that would be awesome, 
  nah , i was just focusing on other commitments - stuff like uni applications , working , last year of high school and all that . 
  but now in the two weeks before uni starts i actually have a bit of free time , so i thought i 'd see what i 'd missed, 
  thanks , but my story is a lot worse . 
  this ai n't the place for it , nor do i feel like going into it again , but i 'm pretty sure it 'd be in my post history somewhere if you really wanted to read it . 
  the tl ; dr of it is that psychotic girls are n't much fun , especially when they 're friends with the girl you actually want to be with, 
  mine have decided that i play a game called `` age of civilization : rome 2 '', 
  all of the above , but usually civilization v, 
  usually civ , but all of them at different points, 
  5 , always 5 . 
  my dad 's pretty good with that sort of thing . 
  he once got all upset when mum came home having rented an xbox 360 without any shooters , then went out straight away to rent halo 3 for it, 
  thanks , although i 'm pretty busy at the moment getting the india civ pack ready for testing, 
  i remember being in arrowtown at christmas one year and it snowed on christmas , nothing settled though, 
  26mb here as well, 
  if we 're getting into specifics , it was [ 26.3 mb ] ( http://i.imgur.com/alrc57g.jpg ), 
  that , and india is second in the world compared to new zealand , who are eighth . 
  but generally new zealand is pretty terrible at cricket and black caps supporters rarely have anything to be proud of , so this makes us happy, 
  i offer you truth !, 
  25.9 is the number of the devil , and only with 26.3 will you gain salvation !, 
  it 's such a huge mod that we need more testers than we have people , so i 'm calling for help . 
  finishing up the text at the moment , but hopefully by the time you 've guessed this it should be ready, 
  to the mods : i never got a reply , so i assume you 're cool with it . 
  you 'll need to be more specific . 
  the lettering is a clue, 
  shun the nonbeliever !, 
  anyone able to translate ? 
  i would change the title if i could , sorry, 
  that 's comparing apples to oranges though - this is shogun after years of development and patches , which you 're comparing to rome 2 barely five months after release . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it 's gone . 
  anyone have a mirror / mp3 ? 
  it 's not that - it was exactly the same with civilization . 
  people would compare the unpatched and brand new civilization v to civilization iv , with both expansions and after years of patches, 
  the yellow is chola , then we 've got the maratha in orange and maurya in brown . 
  light green is india from the base game as the modern entity , with new uniques, 
  throw in a bunch of convicts and you 're pretty damn close, 
  it 's the indian civilization pack , but it has n't been released yet . 
  after months of hard work we 've finally got it to where it 's ingame , except now we 're exterminating bugs, 
   past actions against australians ( discriminatory pricing ) : -5, 
  total war is actually one of the few games that was priced the same here ( nz ) as elsewhere , at least for most of the preorder . 
  it was $ 60 here in the leadup , then only increased to $ 80 a couple weeks beforehand . 
  all of the dlc are the same cost as the rest of the world too , unlike some games ( civ 5 ) where they 're a few dollars more . 
  even the expansions for civ 5 are twice the price here , but total war is the same . 
  i 've got no complaints in this regard with ca, 
  four civilizations , each with their own uniques and all that . 
  india itself has brand new uniques ( gurkha and a mandir ) , and a new ua . 
  all of the civs have unique dawn of man voiceovers , as well as music , unit models and all that . 
  the only thing we do n't have is a 3d animated leaderhead, 
  i was waiting to see if there was going to be a sale before release , and then just before i was going to buy it they put the price up . 
  good ol' gmg came to the rescue though , and i picked it up from there, 
  i do n't know why they have n't done mongol : total war , would be an awesome game with great scope . 
  either that or an empire 2 : total war which has all of asia instead of just india - have a longer time frame and include the opium war as well as the scramble for africa, 
  i got all excited seeing the title thinking it was a leaked preview of a new dlc / expansion expanding the map into asia or something, 
  i would n't say no , i 'd love a worldwide total war game . 
  that said , if the campaign map were to be of a similar scale to that of rome 2 it would take ages to get anywhere , so you might have scaling issues, 
  is the renaissance units pack just on steam workshop ? 
  awesome , cheers, 
  i can understand the blood thing as a way to keep a lower rating , since they sell it at the lowest amount possible to keep the rating where it is iirc , but it 's still the only dlc i have n't bought, 
  i remember being in a bookstore once and looking up my birthday in his weather predictions book , just for the hell of it . 
  i was told that on my birthday it would be `` sunny , mostly cloudy with rain and and a chance of snow '' . 
  he just covers all his bases and then when he hits 1 % of what is true he can say `` see ? 
  i 'm right !, 
  look at me ! '', 
  it 's a cafe for polar bears, 
  teenager , can confirm . 
  well , i know what i 'm doing tonight . 
  nah , my dad did . 
  i was too busy saving tomatoes from hail and stopping the cat from running outside ( oh , what an exciting life i lead ), 
  except this time it 's very clearly marked as an opinion piece, 
  they 're still not passing it off as objective news material, 
  the hail / rain was pretty heavy but did n't last long , maybe 5min at most . 
  but the thunder was so constant i thought it was a plane taking off, 
  i have this on a t-shirt , i love it, 
  that game is so beautiful , i should fire it up again, 
  ynaemp is already included , by us . 
  if you go to the topics at civfanatics , a guy called jfd has released a series of patches that add tsl support to most , if not all of the major modded civ series ( more civs , tomatekh 's , leugi 's patria grande , hiram 's , and of course his own . 
  i think tpangolin 's are included too ), 
  it should do , provided you click the mod file ( not the project file ) . 
  then you just put it in the mod folder, 
  1926-end of time '', 
  the project file allows people to open it in the mod building tools , but wo n't work ingame . 
  the mod file works ingame but ca n't easily be opened in the modding tools, 
  it seems that it was n't originally just the two states which india was divided into . 
  the princely states seem to have been offered independence , and while the majority opted to join the union of india some , particularly hyderabad , tried to be independent . 
  according to at least [ one ] ( http://www.thehindu.com/books/how-the-nizam-lost-hyderabad-in-1948/article3765710.ece ) source that i can find now ( wikipedia also mentions it , but that 's wikipedia ) the nizam went so far as to request help from the un security council , before hyderabad was invaded by the indian army a year after india itself became independent, 
  [ un records ] ( http://www.un.org/en/sc/repertoire/46-51/chapter%208/46-51_08-19-the%20hyderabad%20question.pdf ) back this up , talking of a dispute between india and the `` state of hyderabad '' :, 
   by cablegram dated 21 august 1948 , ^ 585 hyderabad informed the security council , under article 35 ( z ) , that a grave dispute had arisen between hyderabad and india , which , unless settled in accordance with international law and justice , was likely to endanger the maintenance of international peace and security . 
  the letter stated that `` hyderabad , a state not a member of the united nations , accepts for the purposes of the dispute the obligations of pacific settlement provided in the charter of the united nations '' . 
  by subsequent communications dated 12 and 13 september , hyderabad informed the council of the imminence and subsequently of the occurrence of invasion . ^ 586, 
  edit : okay , i found something showing a dispute between india and hyderabad involving the security council [ here ] ( http://www.jstor.org/discover/10.2307/2193757?uid=3738776&amp;uid=2129&amp;uid=2&amp;uid=70&amp;uid=4&amp;sid=21103458368141 ) from this :, 
  the case of hyderabad before the security council . 
  clyde eagleton , the american journal of international law, 
  vol .
