  not happening until after the essays, 
  except if we 're talking about people blowing homeless guys, 
  alternatively we have a special one day event thing for a different back to the future flair ? 
  ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ need ^ ^ ^ more ^ ^ ^ flairs, 
  nah , struggle to write the essay and go to class, 
  fucking bloody library website , only sources that are actually relevant are n't able to be viewed, 
  okay really fucking stressed now , almost broke down and called it quits . 
  in the space of 7 hours i 've written 100 fucking words . 
  given the thread yesterday had ~ 200 more comments , maybe starting it earlier is n't a bad idea ? 
  seems to work for alcohol at least, 
  [ definitely picking up steam in the past couple months ] ( https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=democratic%20socialism&amp;cmpt=q&amp;tz=etc%2fgmt-13 ), 
  i wonder whether this takes into account existing search trends . 
  i 'd imagine hillary clinton has a fairly high base rate , so if it does n't the others would have a hard time topping her, 
  * goodnight , god bless you , and god bless the united states of america *, 
  you 're doing better than i am - i had to go to sleep despite having two essays to write because i was going to have a break down otherwise, 
  legacy of the vietnam war , and suleiman the magnificent . 
  interesting if you 're not pulling your hair out after writing about them constantly for the past 48 hours, 
  basically it 's how the vietnam war has effected us foreign and military policy , so i 'm talking about stuff like how the media has been censored since and they 're much more hesitant to become involved in conflicts since then instead of going gung-ho into conflicts rambo-style, 
  officially i 'm doing politics , but i 've got a fair few history papers thrown in which are what these are from, 
  2000 words , i 'll try and upload it once i 've got marks back and all that - it wo n't be any decent though , i 'm writing it sleep deprived and sitting in class to a point that i can just get a pass, 
  finishing up my second year now , with anywhere from one to five more years ahead of me depending on what route i go, 
  well yeah , but given i was going to have a breakdown otherwise i figured it was the best option . 
  i was up until 2am on sunday night to finish an essay and i 'll probably be up till then tonight again for history 2 . 
  should be fun though , i 'll throw on some ottoman military music or something, 
  definitely - i 've started doing this with my assignments , instead of writing the whole 2000 words in one document i write each paragraph in a separate one and then move it over . 
  that way , it 's only 400 words i 'm having to write each time , so it 's much easier . 
  pretty sure someone on here suggested it to me , but ca n't remember who . 
  if you did and you have proof , there 's some gold in it for you, 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/53/ ), 
  you 're being positive about something ? 
  i 'm confused and worried, 
  just as a heads up , this is the final episode for season 1 . 
  they 've got some more info ( ish ) on their [ website ] ( http://www.whitemanbehindadesk.com/ ), 
  what happened to the evening post ? 
  where can i post my troubles now ? 
  hey man , do n't you go knocking bismuth . 
  that shit is metal as fuck, 
  dammit , now i want a speedy gonzales crossover episode, 
  only if the exchange rate to cheese is just right, 
  but i 'm not a mod , i lack a mandate, 
  eh , tomorrow maybe . 
  if / u/nilnz does n't . 
  do we have records from western bronze age civilisations ? 
  were there even any ? 
  did n't the theran eruption have a fairly big impact ? 
  so maybe mexico joins germany 's side , war continues into the 20 's while peace breaks out in europe . 
  brazil joins america 's side , maybe argentina and some of the other countries get in on the action against brazil triple alliance style . 
  cuba probably sides with america and blockades mexico from the gulf , cutting it off from trade with europe, 
   hard to get a time line bearing on it all though . 
  e-2 seems to be some odd combination of art deco and futurism , so ca n't get much of a bearing on where their historical time points would match ours . 
  i was sort of expecting 60 's giving the retrofuturistic feel of it all , but then the tour guide mentioned star labs was founded in the 1990s which kind of screws it all up, 
  why would it split ? 
  implying the league of nations had power to do anything about anything in the first place ? 
  oh right , that makes sense . 
  what time are you going to go with ? 
  4 or 5 makes more sense as a distinct time but 2 seemed to have a better feel and more activity, 
  so history 1 is done , and history 2 is no longer on suleiman - went into the library to get books yesterday , and there was a big empty shelf where all the books should have been , so i had to switch to one on the mughals to ensure i had sources, 
  yeah , talking about the influence of central asian culture on them . 
  pretty much just rehashing an essay i wrote last semester and rewording it around a different question, 
  it 's clearly civilian propaganda to drum up support for their independence policy, 
  holy shit , that 's brutal, 
  is n't that done with a guillotine ? 
  dammit , i suppose i should have read the article first . 
  this is like a reverse no-context post , wow, 
  finally finished all of my essays !, 
  now to sort out the new css or something , i think . 
  that 's a good idea , maybe even set up a form as a bug report that autopopulates the spreadsheet ? 
  do n't blame me , i voted for kodos, 
  / u/nz _ wino , now you just need to track down jesus and you 're set . 
  i 'd live in it, 
   today 's word of the day is frisson , a sudden , passing sensation of excitement often accompanied by a physical shiver or a shudder of emotion . 
  there 's a whole subreddit dedicated to it at / r/frisson too , which i suppose answers the question for me, 
  i think they were meaning at uc , since we 're getting a swanky new engineering complex in the next couple years i think, 
  i feel like we need a whole series of these now, 
  yeah that looks decent - better than what i was going to do anyway . 
  have you got a link for the spreadsheet of the responses ? 
  their variety is huge sometimes . 
  was listening on the way home the other day and it was [ ahoribuzz ] ( https://vimeo.com/67765581 ) followed by [ rammstein ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpukwy0_cj0 ), 
  okay , i think i 've figured out the text flair thing . 
  there might be a bit of a weird gap , but it seems to be a necessary evil to get the text not to overlap with the image . 
  going to take a stab at the flair selector thing now, 
  one thing i would suggest - the header background seems to be repeating half way through the bottom bar , might be worth having a look at what it looks like if the top bar is brought up a bit to be in line with the bottom of the header, 
  i 've gone and fixed the buttons , but the submit ones look a bit weird sometimes and overlap the tour logo on the sidebar so we 'll need to sort that out too, 
   i use my tv as a pc screen and the header image leaves some black on the left . 
  yeah , that 's an issue with higher res screens - we 're going to add in a little fade to black on the left hand side of the images so that it 's not quite as jarring , but it 'll still be an issue unfortunately . 
   the text up the top is not quite distinguishable enough from the background for my liking . 
  do you mean the subreddits bar ? 
  hovering over it darkens the background to make it hopefully easier to read, 
   the grey backgrounds for the subtitles at the right are cool , but the bottom two on the home page have that little background thing in their lower left , while the rest do n't . 
  sorry , which bit are you talking about ? 
   `` a community for 4 months '' text is a little too high - it overlaps the line thing . 
  yeah , i see what you mean . 
  lem me see if i can track down where that 's defined, 
   when selecting flair the right column is much longer than the left for some reason . 
  / u/honourandsacrifice seems to be having the same issue - not sure how to test whether fixes work since i do n't have the same issue , but i 'll have a play around with it and let you know when i think i 've got it . 
  out of curiosity , what happens when you hover over the flairs up the top of the right ? 
  does it jump around or just stay there ? 
  edit : seems / u / - halcyon put a fix in earlier , could you double check whether it works now ? 
  obligatory / r/comeonandslam, 
  i 'd like to see how a lobster can be drowned,
