  just got to level 80 now , really wish there was a flair in the middle there somewhere :(, 
  oh , god , three years ? 
  where has it gone ? 
  thanks anyway !, 
  what about pacman for 80 , given it was released in 1980 ? 
  holy fuck , three years already . 
  how much work is there involved in getting more flairs ? 
  and how much bribery would be required to get even more ? 
  if he was trying to keep them safe , he should n't have told the saudi press . 
  isis is a lot more likely to have access to an arabic-speaking news channel from just across the border than they are to an english channel from a country half way around the world, 
  you could say this about any game with a historic setting though , does n't mean it 's not historic . 
  there was a quote around when age of empires iii was still new , something like `` we strive for historical accuracy , because nothing is more accurate than the chinese fighting the aztecs in the yukon '', 
  i doubt he 'd go to jail , but as long as he 's convicted of male assaults female he 'd have to resign parliament , given the crime has a maximum sentence of two years imprisonment, 
  it would also have been illegal, 
  between this and the black caps in the world cup i do n't think i 'm going to live past 20, 
  could n't he just save trouble and levitate lewis ' car ? 
  suppose it depends on the limit of his abilities though, 
  not yet , but i would have, 
  regular assault is only punishable by up to one year , which would n't be enough to put him over the threshold necessary to be forced to resign . 
  oh sure , i 'll just go and accept one of the five jobs that have been offered to be ( maybe the one that has the private jet , that 'd be nice ) and invest my vast inheritance in the property market . 
  maybe a bentley too . 
  only one though , would n't want to get too carried away, 
  simple , flip him upside down - the downforce becomes lift, 
  ben mckenzie also played batman and now he plays jim gordon , if you count that, 
  oh i know , i 'm already in uni considering post grad with a double degree in law and all that stuff . 
  my snarky response was mainly because / u/fatesforger 's response made it seem as though it were easy, 
  wait , what 's going on ? 
  who the hell needs * three * channels ? 
  sorry for the delay , but here are your daily facts !, 
  today in 311 ad the persecution of christians within the roman empire ended with the conclusion of the diocletianic persecution . 
  next we advance over 1000 years later and move into spain , where in 1492 columbus was given a commission for exploration by the newly unified spanish crown , giving him a green light to start his famous trans-atlantic voyage . 
  fitting with the move to the new world by columbus , in 1789 on this day george washington officially becomes the first president of the united states by taking the oath of office . 
  fourteen years later , the young country purchased a huge swathe of land in the middle of the continent from the french in a move known as the louisiana purchase . 
  the total cost of the land was only $ 15 million ( although this would be a hell of a lot more in today 's money ) and more than doubled the size of the country . 
  also today , nicaragua declared independence from the short lived central american federation in 1838 . 
  finally , today is forty years to the day since the fall of saigon to the communist forces of north vietnam , ending a war which had continued in some form for over twenty years . 
  on to your sports news now , and today in 1938 the first ever televised fa cup final was played between huddersfield town and preston north end . 
  the game ended with preston taking out a 1-0 victory in a thrilling match which included half an hour of extra time in front of a crowd of more than 93 thousand at wembley stadium . 
  prior to the last goal being scored ( through a penalty in the last minute ) , a commentator made a remark that he 'd eat his hat if there was a goal . 
  following the goal , he kept his promise . 
  in other news , 21 years ago today saw the death of formula one driver roland ratzenberger in a horrific crash during a qualifying leg of the san marino grand prix . 
  hello , fbi ? 
  yeah , my forehead is telling me i 'm a terrorist . 
  the hulk kinda looks like fred flintstone here, 
  2:35 pm , everything gone :(, 
  nah , i was meaning all the deleted comments . 
  i know calling him a fuckface is your way of saying you love him , just not sure why he 's deleting all his comments or what 's happening there, 
  got ta make up for being late somehow . 
  even forgot some stuff ( huge supernova visible on this day in 1006 ), 
  poor south dakota , always everyone 's 50th state . 
  skip the maid cafes too . 
  we were going to go to one , but it cost like $ 40 just to get in , you had to order at least three items off the overpriced menu , were n't allowed to take any photos either, 
  considered it , even considered starting a news website because of how shit nz media is . 
  not sure if a coms degree is required though , and coms did n't fit in my timetable, 
  sounds kind of familiar , except my ex-friend is on reddit too . 
  pretty sure she knows my username since she stalked my whole post history to bring up everything that happened a year after it did . 
  have n't had any direct contact in that context though , she just seems content on trying to continue to bring it back up after a year or two, 
  we 've got one and a fruit basket full of them , at least until the weekend when mum will probably make them into a jam or something, 
  ooh , i love these things . 
  let me give it a shot :, 
  `` i am a ceo , i 've been looking for a career in girlfriend industry . 
  in my sparetime i do apple , banana and carrot blah blah blah '', 
  well , it was the [ brightest stellar event in recorded history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sn_1006 ) , and there are records of it pretty much across the whole northern hemisphere . 
  not sure about panic , you could always try asking / r/askhistorians if you really wanted to know . 
  it could be seen during daytime though , which would have probably caused some confusion, 
  i think what they mean by the first part is asking if this is prominent kiwi b , while prominent kiwi a appealed the decision to drop name suppression, 
  that 's assuming they 're the same person . 
  could very well be an entirely different case, 
  * the jezza , hamster and slowly show *, 
  overly excited right now , just found out that bullet the blue sky is [ probably gon na be played ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huakcu5nyri ) in the new u2 tour . 
  / u/404colournotfound get hype, 
  okay , so since it 's nz music month again i thought i 'd post a kiwi song every day and maybe some info about the artist and other songs or whatever in the comments . 
  if people do n't like it being it 's own post i could always throw it in the daily discussion or something i guess . 
  either way , let me know what you think i guess . 
  and if anyone has any suggestions for songs , let me know, 
  shihad 's home again frequently is cited as one of the top kiwi songs of all time , coming at the top of the radio hauraki kiwi hundy on multiple occasions . 
  coming out of wellington , shihad had to change their name to pacifier while in the us in the wake of 9/11 due to the similarity of their name to jihad . 
  their newest album , fvey , is a politically charged album centering on the spying claims around the five eyes alliance and the gcsb . 
  * other songs by shihad : *, 
  * [ pacifier ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1xqbopxh5m ), 
  * [ fvey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vh64gfs_0g ), 
  * [ think you 're so free ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrgwjckyv2g ), 
   you do n't see anyone calling andrew little , comrade little . 
  election is still two years out , and [ it 's been done before ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibevfgut6ne ) ( kind of ), 
  do you count dd smash and th ' dudes as dave dobbyn ? 
  if so , you should be fine , but loyal would probably still be under the other songs bit, 
  how many runs for hitting it through the hole in the roof ? 
  psa : radio hauraki is playing kiwi music all day today for the start of nz music month, 
  i 'm sure there 's going to be a couple of the hold music songs in here , sorry . 
  april sun in cuba is an almost certainty, 
  tax cuts while losing money ? 
  that 's not just your standard bribery , that 's irresponsible management, 
  what if she did swap it out , but ra 's does n't realise ? 
  i have n't suffered from one more turn as much as most , but i still have over 2500 hours recorded in civ 5 ( actual number will be even more because of playing offline ) and an extra 1400 in the sdk making mods for it ( speaking of which , new one is about to be released :d ), 
  how 's the university screwing him over ? 
  morning !, 
  today is saturday the second of may . 
  on this day in 1536 anne boelyn was arrested and charged with a whole suite of crimes , including adultery , treason , incest and even witchcraft . 
  she was later executed for these crimes . 
  also today , the infamous congo free state was established by belgian king leopold ii in 1885 , a rule which was controversial and bloody right up until the state gained independence in 1960 , yet the ongoing effect of belgian colonisation is responsible for some of the most bloody wars in recent history , and a genocide which was more ` efficient ' than the holocaust .
