  really heartfelt in some versions too, 
  where is it on xkcd.com ? 
  nothing like waking up in the middle of the night to make a mad dash to the loo before throwing up . 
  felt a bit off all of yesterday , must 've had something bad in the food court . 
  at least now i 've got two days off in a row for the first time in god knows how long, 
  why are you proposing france and the netherlands annex their respective lingustic parts ? 
  historically have n't they both been separate states , so potentially instead of having just brussels and then the other two countries extend , maybe you 'd end up with brussels / flanders / wallonia as three independent countries ? 
  it was even the right way on his desk , facing away from darkhkhhkkhk instead of towards him . 
  what are you writing on for the history one ( and what were the resources on , if you 're doing that one too ? ), 
  i knew she should n't have told them so early . 
  is there anywhere she could flee to between now and moving into ilam apartments ? 
  what sort of war re-enactment ? 
  eh , i like it . 
  what do n't you like about them ? 
  i dunno , i heard dominion road is under a bit of strain recently , and is bending under it 's own weight . 
  would n't want to add to the issue at all, 
  chch - pretty decent , warm enough and partially cloudy . 
  supposed to turn to shit later on though, 
  what 's the issue there ? 
  he does n't have to obey your family 's wishes and nor do you, 
  have you watched recently ? 
  once both shows got off the ground they 've been much less supervillan-of-the-week and more overarching storyline . 
  i can definitely understand supergirl though , that 's painful to watch at times . 
  thanks , gon na go down and see a doctor soon . 
  hopefully it was just what i thought and nothing more severe, 
  oh well yeah , i just figured that sort of reaction would go without saying, 
  oh hell , you should really give them another go , shield especially . 
  after episode 17 of season 1 the whole show changes altogether and it 's amazing now . 
  latest episode had proper ramifications for the entire mcu, 
  i honestly had no idea that hermaphrodite was n't a proper term anymore . 
  yeah , it 's amazing how photogenic that whole thing was, 
  kiwi here , we pretty much speak english the same as aussies but less like bogans . 
  we call flip-flops * jandals * , coolers are called * chilly bins * instead of the aussie tradition of casual racism with their * esky * , and we do n't add - o or - zza to the end of everything like they do . 
  instead , we borrow a bunch of words from maori , so you can say ` kia ora ' to say hello , and if your food was good you can say the kai was ka pai . 
  the country even kind of looks like a dorito, 
  but does n't leaving the ones you do n't like blank mean that they do n't get any votes added to them if your favourites are knocked out ? 
  it 's difficult trying to think of stuff which is slang , since for the most part there 's a fair bit of the language which you do n't realise is actually slang until you get somewhere else and everyone 's staring at you with a blank look on their faces . 
  one of the main things i can think of is ` yeah , nah ' , the meaning of which depends entirely on context . 
  in some cases the nah is filler and you 're agreeing to something :, 
   `` hey , you able to come round for drinks on friday ? '', 
  `` yeah nah should be sweet '', 
  `` sweet as , see you there '', 
  other times the yeah is like a ' i see what you 're saying ' but then you 're actually disagreeing with them :, 
   `` i reckon we go up round the tron next myself '', 
  `` yeah nah you 're dreaming mate , we 'd be better going up the coromandel '', 
  and then there 's a bunch more ways it can be used , but nobody really knows how . 
  oh cool , february or october ? 
  i remember covering october back in level 2 and did so again this year along with the russian civil war for one of my uni essays, 
  good luck for the schol one too !, 
  huh , that 's weird . 
  i would have thought convenience store or corner store or something but i thought milk bars died out in the 50s, 
  that 's definitely changed since i did it , mine were always just `` causes and consequences of a significant historical event . '', 
  do they still have the `` of significance to new zealanders '' part in the internals ? 
  that was always a pain trying to bullshit the significance of the cuban missile crisis or whatever to a country not involved at all, 
  and then there 's ` shot ' , which can mean any variety of thanks / good job / awesome / mean as, 
  will it be a pain to get it changed ? 
  supposed to turn to shit from the sound of it later on, 
  bonus points if you stock it with speights and l&p, 
  ah , the other one must be the external we never did - we were always causes and consequences and the resources paper , which i loved . 
  god , i would have loved to have teachers that did n't enforce it . 
  mine were a mix of not wanting to teach nz history but wanting to enforce that , which created a bad mix . 
  gallipoli sounds interesting though , was it just that or was it part of a wider ww1 thing ? 
  at least it was n't a bigger issue or whatever, 
  yeah , from the looks of the weather data now it 'll only cool down tonight but we wo n't be getting rain until tomorrow afternoon . 
  it 'll be cooler tomorrow though , does n't look like we 'll be getting back up into the 20s in the weekend, 
  oh shit , you just reminded me i put my work shirts in the wash this morning and forgot about them . 
  crisis averted , they can now dry in time for work on sunday instead of getting musty in the washing machine, 
  you do the other internal too ? 
  we only did the two big ones and the two externals , was nice and balanced . 
  did an extra one for classics though which was pretty much playing detective with phillip of macedon 's assassination , and that was awesome . 
  comes from eskimo , which if the saga here over eskimo lollies is to be believed is apparently a racist term, 
  shit , good job !, 
  you on track for an endorsement overall ? 
  should hopefully be easy , but then again i had a girl in my year who needed one excellence credit from externals and managed to miss out so good luck at any rate . 
  do you get any fancy scholarships for that if you 're going to uni next year ? 
  i know uc does one but i dunno what you 've got lined up, 
  that 's pretty cool , why the states ? 
  good job not taking the scholarships too , i guess they do n't have the one uc does then ( it 's automatically given to all students with l2 and l3 endorsements ), 
  awesome , good luck with that too - i 've got a couple mates over there at the moment playing football and volleyball on full scholarships and loving it , should be a great time, 
  yeah , it was [ a huge thing ] ( http://www.3news.co.nz/nznews/eskimo-lollies-slammed-as-racist-by-canadian-tourist-2009042118 ) like five years ago . 
  i think they 've had their name changed now or something , do n't remember seeing them in ages . 
  you able to get somewhere lined up until you can move into the halls next year ? 
  if so i 'd say just get a cop and a bunch of mates and go back tomorrow like navy seals to extract your stuff , although maybe with less gung-ho violence . 
  i 'm gon na jot this down somewhere and feature you somewhere in the 2016 nz music month post lineup if you 're all good with that , this is pretty cool and i 'm not normally a fan of the genre so yeah . 
  i thought you were fast enough to do that just by running ? 
  i 'd expect around that , maybe a tad less . 
  if you want i can let you know what we 've got them for when they come in at work, 
  definitely does n't sound legal , and sounds like the sort of gig where being fired will be more literal than you 'd like, 
  i know how you feel , i tried to make a post in australian on here a couple weeks ago . 
  took me half an hour to translate into aussie and i needed to go watch the bbc for four times as long afterwards to reset to proper english, 
  awesome , glad to hear it !, 
  april 30 , 2016, 
  i 'm of the opinion that having backup that is n't needed is a far better option than needing backup and not having any , which is why i suggested it . 
  then again , i often plan things too much , so take it as you will . 
  they really went all-out with the racism , did n't they ? 
  i 'd say just having a cop there would be enough to stop that , though having mates would speed up the process and mean you 're able to get in and out quickly and painlessly, 
  i know , i was talking about america . 
  you lot are even more fucked up with them, 
  yeah , i hung my work shirts out on the line at about five and they were dry within an hour and a half . 
  shame it 'll all be gone tomorrow though,
