  / u/zeros1s , i 'm still waiting to hear what you thought of those music videos ... 
  one of my workmates is working 92 hours this week alone , most people are upwards of 55 too . 
  we already have just under 50 staff within the store alone, 
  yeah , normally no-one is above 40 , with a fair few at 25-ish, 
  it is when it 's by choice , though it should n't be . 
  finally got my space mission posters framed and hung , they look pretty cool even if we did botch up getting the height right . 
  be nice . 
  you better , i 'll be waiting . 
  might start reminding you weekly too, 
  you have no idea how hard it is not to say i told you so , but yeah . 
  defs should n't 've told 'em, 
  ` least you still went to the beach . 
  i 've been sunburnt after being out in the sun for barely half an hour , * with * sunblock . 
  oi / u/mamba _ 79 , seen the aurora forecast ? 
  currently hovering round a 7.5 from the looks of things, 
  just got back , was a nice break in the clouds and finally got a photo of it , beams and everything, 
  got better as the night went on , but then the cloud came up and obscured the horizon so you just had a big red glow . 
  could n't see anything with the naked eye though , since the moon was being a dick . 
  but i 'm just happy i finally got to get a photo of one . 
  ( also , here you go / u/zeros1s ), 
  it was out birdlings flat way , there 's one hairpin between the turnoff to lyttelton and birdlings flat where you can go off the road and you 've got a bank between it and you , meaning you do n't get headlights ruining your shot whenever a car runs past . 
  ( edit : just checked the map , it 's that one by ataahua where the road juts right out to lake ellesmere ), 
  all of mine were just on a little d7000 with a 10mm fisheye on - [ original image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hg6ccax.jpg ) had a lot more distortion . 
  8 second exposure , f/2 .8 and iso on 1250 , with the exposure comp . 
  bumped up a couple stops . 
  most of it was me flying blind since i 'd never successfully done astrophotography before , let alone an aurora , so hopefully it 's turned out okay . 
   by the way , can someone get hans a day of the week medal or something ? 
  he is a true master of days . 
  that 's what the eye of sauron is, 
  i got them confused once - went to church corner when i was supposed to be meeting people at cranford street . 
  birthday girl was n't happy with me, 
  one of the surprises i found out about when they made me a mod here is that apparently mods get the new replies thing in their subreddits they mod , so i now get it all through / r/nz , which is awesome, 
  cheers - iirc we had the iso up round there first , but the moon was so bright that we needed to drop it down a bit in order to darken it a bit . 
  hopefully next time there 's one there 's less moon . 
  i was a bit lost on the post side of things too , thankfully dad knew roughly what he was doing and was able to give me a hand on it , which is pretty much the only reason they 're not completely rubbish, 
  1 - shit , how long has it been ? 
  i 'm gon na say 2012 , though i 'm probably off by a year or so, 
  5 - 2004 , was n't it ? 
  7 - julian assange, 
  10 - last i heard it was malcolm turnbull , though it 's probably changed three times since then, 
  hayfever related ? 
  it 's scary , innit ? 
  next year 's already the final year of my degree and i 'm still not used to uni, 
  oh wow , that 's so cool . 
  way better than anything we 'd get this far north ( where i took the photo is a similar latitude to the south of france . ), 
  definitely still on my bucket list to head up round that neck of the woods sometime in winter to check the northern lights out, 
  yeah , i 'm considering doing honours or throwing in law or something . 
  just need to make my mind up . 
  i used to get them real bad during the hayfever season , turns out one of the side effects of most of the medication you can take for hayfever is nosebleeds so i was going to suggest that if it was relevant . 
  was n't there one of our birds that was down to like five at one point , and now it 's in the hundreds ? 
  it depends . 
  we could n't see this with the naked eye , but that 's because there was cloud cover , we were too far north , and the moon was being a dick by existing . 
  if you got a similar storm on a clear night with no moon , and were maybe a bit further south , i have no doubt that it would be amazing and visible with the naked eye . 
  normally if you 're down southland way you can see them with the naked eye regardless , though it may just appear as a glow in the sky instead of a thing like you see in the photos . 
  oi / u/zeros1s , how bout them music videos - latin music is perfect for a scorcher like today, 
   we come from a long line of shooters, 
  is this where the photography comes from ? 
  i got some pretty kickass space posters the other day , if you want i can give you the link, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.chopshopstore.com/collections/space-exploration-themed ) - i got 17x22 versions but it looks like the going size now is 20 x 36 , which would be massive ( inches , not cm ), 
  sounds like it 's not , given it 's barely reaching 20 tomorrow, 
  it really depends on what the sun is doing . 
  it takes the particles about three days to get from the sun to here , so that 's all the notice you 're able to get . 
  currently the [ forecast ] ( http://www.aurora-service.net/aurora-forecast/ ) ( / u/mamba _ 79 might use a different site ) looks good for the next couple hours , but then dies down fairly significantly . 
  ( with the forecast , higher numbers are better , and ~ 5 is the minimum you 'd need to see in nz . 
  the above shot was a 7.5 , for comparison . ), 
  basically , to maximise your chances of seeing it you need to be in a dark area with little light pollution ( including the moon ) and with as little cloud cover as possible . 
  still weather helps if you 're wanting to photograph it too , since the wind can cause turbulence with distorts the image , but it 's not a big deal ( was fairly windy last night and the photos came out okay . ), 
  but even if conditions are perfect your chances depend entirely on whether there are any solar particles en route . 
  mid january you might be okay , it depends on where you 're staying though . 
  tourist hotspots could be booked up for the whole month , while some slightly more out of the way places might have more room, 
  damn , was off by a year on the first one . 
  6 total, 
  holy shit , you 're back :d, 
  at work right now , will do it when i 'm on break, 
  should work now, 
  i finish at 8pm on thursday and start again at 6am on saturday, 
  shoulda stopped in when you were in town , i could 've got you a good deal, 
  only upvotes count ? 
  that always annoyed me at high school , i always needed the papers from the cold war to get an nz perspective , but the only source ended with ww2, 
  i 'd almost finished , then dad showed up having just bought for himself the thing i was going to get him . 
  need to think of something else now , but bathroom scales might send the wrong message . 
  nah , because that 'd be all he 'd ever wear when we have company, 
   why did anyone need r2 's sections of the map ? 
  the missing piece was the end location , unless i 'm misunderstanding it . 
  so could n't you just see where luke is based on the final location revealed on bb-8 's map piece ? 
  why did we need this stupid/dramatic map piecing scene with r2-coma ? 
  i assumed it was that they did n't know where bb-8 's map piece fitted in , and r2 's map piece showed where it was . 
  iirc there was a line about how it does n't match any mapped star system , so it 's possible it was an area of the galaxy that was n't explored or something , and r2 's map showed where that was . 
  eh , their ones broke after about 10 years of use , and they 've been talking of getting new ones , but even so . 
  yeah , that confused me too . 
  i thought i remembered ads from back then about the simpsons switching channels , and i was n't born two decades ago, 
  wellington tip is way down happy valley way though , innit ? 
  could be a bit of a drive depending on where you are . 
  at least in chch it 's only like 15 minutes away, 
  now you know how i feel having to work in one, 
  wait a couple more days and get in early on boxing day . 
  no crowds and stupid prices . 
  wo n't work as a header image , might chuck it up on the sidebar on new years . 
  was going to do a pohutukawa header for christmas but forgot and could n't find a decent pic, 
  the paychecks have a comma , which is nice .
