  oh for sure , best case scenario is syria getting its shit together and having people able to return . 
  but for some people that is n't possible , and that 's something which is only going to get worse with climate change . 
  with regards to multiculturalism , see my comments about france above . 
  and even then , i would argue that nz is a prime example of multiculturalism working - we 're the most diverse country in the oecd , we 've got vast numbers of different cultures all coexisting peacefully and integrated into new zealand society . 
  look at the huge amount of cultural festivals across the country from elsewhere , and the dozens of different religious bodies we have . 
  it 's a bit of a terminology difference , but i think you 're getting mixed up between assimilation and integration - the former is what you 're suggesting will happen , the latter allows for various cultures and beliefs to be worked into new zealand society while still retaining their unique practices and identities . 
  obviously there will always be some direct contradictions , but our resettlement strategy addresses and deals with these adequately . 
  as far as local countries go , they 're already at breaking point . 
  1 in 5 people in lebanon is a refugee , turkey has a refugee population half the size of new zealand , jordan is well over a million too , and iraq 's not exactly a beacon of stability either . 
  the best way we can help at this point is to take some refugees off their hands and give them another shot, 
   lumping all people that do n't agree with your opinion as racist is the height of ignorance, 
  sterotyping an entire ethnic / religious group due to the actions of a small minority is literally the definition of racism, 
  you 're still implying that all muslims carry extremist baggage, 
   ( apart from their reluctance to condemn the acts of their terrorist brethren in any substantial way ) . 
  would you ask all irish people to condemn acts the ira did just because they were irish ? 
  also , * terrorist brethren ? 
  * really ? 
   they bring with them, 
  [ citation required ], 
   the ease at which they can be radicalised . 
  this is because they 're alienated due to approaches like what you 're exhibiting . 
  you ca n't stop people turning to extremism by shunning and isolating them , you stop them by welcoming them and treating them with respect and equality, 
   there are plenty of refugees to take in that do n't bring bombs , terrorism, 
  again with the racism, 
   religion that encourages the hate of our western civilisation . 
  the religion itself does n't have any of this . 
  religious groups may , but this is because of how intertwined religion and politics are in the middle east , and the west has n't exactly made itself many friends with its actions there, 
   if denying moderate muslim refugees entrance to nz prevents just one terrorist attack on our soil , i 'm all for it . 
  yeah , fuck the lot of 'em , so long as i 'm safe , right ? 
   so , no climate refugees . 
  so why does the convention need updating ? 
  because climate change * will * cause refugees . 
  and being the ambulance at the bottom of the cliff is pointless . 
  waiting jeopardises millions of vulnerable people . 
   really ? 
  got any actual , good , solid evidence of that ? 
  no , you do n't . 
   edit : also , the xkcd is pure propagandising horseshit . 
  the line between 2000 and 2016 is simply outrageously false . 
  like total , utter propaganda false . 
  no-one serious , anywhere , actually believes that the temperature did that . 
  not even the ipcc is even close to suggesting anything like it . 
  * sigh . 
   the combined global average temperature over the land and ocean surfaces for april 2017 was 0.90 \u00b0 c ( 1.62 \u00b0 f ) above the 20th century average of 13.7 \u00b0 c ( 56.7 \u00b0 f ), 
   according to an ongoing temperature analysis conducted by scientists at nasa 's goddard institute for space studies ( giss ) , the average global temperature on earth has increased by about 0.8 \u00b0 celsius ( 1.4 \u00b0 fahrenheit ) since 1880 . 
  two-thirds of the warming has occurred since 1975 , at a rate of roughly 0.15-0 .20 \u00b0 c per decade . 
   the globally averaged combined land and ocean surface temperature data as calculated by a linear trend , show a warming of 0.85 [ 0.65 to 1.06 ] \u00b0 c , over the period 1880 to 2012 ,, 
  http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar5/wg1/wg1ar5_spm_final.pdf ( see page 4 for pictures ), 
   in 2015 , the hottest year on record , the temperature was about 1.8 degrees f ( 1 degree c ) warmer than the 1951 -- 1980 base period . 
  more pictures here http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/research/monitoring/climate/surface-temperature, 
   since 1901 , the average surface temperature across the contiguous 48 states has risen at an average rate of 0.14 \u00b0 f per decade ( see figure 1 ) . 
  average temperatures have risen more quickly since the late 1970s ( 0.29 to 0.46 \u00b0 f per decade since 1979 ) . 
  eight of the top 10 warmest years on record for the contiguous 48 states have occurred since 1998 , and 2012 and 2015 were the two warmest years on record . 
   according to nasa , in 2016 the earth 's surface temperature shattered the previous record for hottest year by 0.12 \u00b0 c. 
  that record was set in 2015 , which broke the previous record by 0.13 \u00b0 c. 
  that record had been set in 2014 , beating out 2010 , which in turn had broken the previous record set in 2005 . 
   comparison of measured sea surface temperatures in the western pacific with paleoclimate data suggests that this critical ocean region , and probably the planet as a whole , is approximately as warm now as at the holocene maximum and within \u2248 1 \u00b0 c of the maximum temperature of the past million years . 
   for the last 45 years , global surface temperature rose at an average rate of about 0.17 \u00b0 c ( around 0.3 \u00b0 fahrenheit ) per decade -- more than twice as fast as the 0.07 \u00b0 c per decade increase observed for the entire period of recorded observations ( 1880-2015 ) . 
   that really did england and france a lot of good , did n't it ? 
  the alienation in those countries would have contributed for sure , yes . 
   not just me bro ... so you think it would be worth the sacrifice of a few terror attacks in nz to let them in , right ? 
  that 's a false dichotomy and you know it, 
  i 'm saying that if people treat them with respect and as equals , then no , it wo n't happen . 
  if people treat them with hatred and bigotry , then it may . 
   no it 's not , you stated that my reluctance to let moderate muslim refugees into the country due to my concerns for the safety of new zealanders ( including myself ) were selfish, 
  the false dichotomy is you saying ` we either stop them all or we get a terrorist attack ' , which is a complete false dichotomy . 
   which is no different to you saying that it would be worth the sacrifice of a few terror attacks in nz to let them in . 
  i never said that once . 
   do you really think it is worth the danger and sacrifice to our country to let muslims in ? 
  i think that letting muslims which have been screened by the unhcr is of no danger or sacrifice to new zealand . 
  the asylum seekers and migrants entering europe are very different to the refugees we would receive through the unhcr, 
  i 'm still not sure what you mean by the baggage associated with them, 
  but they do n't bring crazies with them . 
  they do n't bring bombs , or terrorism , or a deep seated hatred of western civilisation . 
  they would n't be coming if they did, 
  does n't mean they 're not interchangeable in everyday use, 
  * we took the piss out of him when he got pissed off while on the piss when trev , who was also pissed , pissed in his bottle of piss *, 
  nah , yours is way off . 
  bit of a hard case means he 's a bit of a joker, 
  added one , but i 've heard pissed used to mean angry as well as drunk - the off is only there sometimes, 
  so that refugee thread yesterday was fun, 
  sure , let 's take one guy over hordes and hordes of evidence . 
   you have n't watched it because it 's a 30 minute lecture . 
  i 'm in the process of watching it . 
  i have two monitors, 
   this ` one guy ' is a nobel laureate and he covers all the relevant data . 
  in physics , not earth science . 
  bob dylan is a nobel laureate too , but i would n't trust him to be authoritative when saying something contrary to literally everything else . 
   nice one writing off a position you do n't agree with without ever looking at the evidence . 
  is n't that literally what you 're doing too ? 
  now , some reality for * you * : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjugcjjugsg, 
  happens to me sometimes as well , it 's weird . 
  maybe ad blocker ? 
  removing posts when anyone else shares a picture ? 
  uni 's getting rough, 
  removed under rule 1, 
  feel free to message the others if you 'd like a second opinion, 
  and even then , i think if your cleavage has five points you should go to a doctor or something, 
  were the windows made of avocado ? 
  something got accepted for publication ?
