   [ 154 ] as foreshadowed , i believe the appropriate course to follow in this case is to quash the minister 's decision refusing professor kelsey 's request and direct the minister to reconsider his decision in relation to the information encompassed by categories a , c , d , e , f and g in professor kelsey 's request to the minister . 
   [ 155 ] in reconsidering his decision , the minister should adhere to his obligations under the act and apply the law in the way i have explained . 
  this order is made pursuant to s 4 ( 5 ) of the judicature amendment act 1972.87, 
  good ol' nz media contradicting itself ... 
   labour will flout chunks of the trans-pacific partnership agreement ( tppa ) and could walk away from it altogether when it is in government , leader andrew little says . 
   opposition mps have been given a two-hour briefing on the new 12-nation free trade deal that prime minister john key is heralding as a `` remarkable achievement '' . 
   mr little said while national has committed new zealand to the tppa , that does n't stop a labour government from reneging on it . 
  yeah , but i do n't want to be forced to go 30kph on a thursday night after work when riccarton rd is empty, 
  i 'll give it a look later , pretty sure it 's possible with a bit of a modification to the flair system . 
  not sure about whether we can keep it image only for most users with that setup though, 
  / u / - halcyon , i just tried to set it up so that / u/baraka _ bama has a text and image flair , result is fairly messed up . 
  but it does look like it 's still possible , just needs a bit of fixing up, 
  yeah , the normal one is posted round 5am right ? 
  a 12 hour shift would work well, 
  what has been the legacy of the vietnam war for us foreign and military policy ? 
  damn , just my essay question . 
  oh well , signals how my night is gon na go, 
  that 's the new episode , right ? 
  loved that one, 
  planes are awesome , it 's just a shame not many people are interested in them . 
  like , emirates has fucking hotel suites hurtling through the air at 80 % of the speed of sound , and you can go to sleep in dubai and literally wake up on another continent . 
  how is that not cool ? 
  one of my favourite memories on the way to japan was sitting at the window seat , looking out over the clouds and the pacific ocean with the sun streaming in , an awesome soundtrack and a good book . 
  throw in noise-cancelling headphones and it 's bloody amazing . 
  i mean , how cool is it to be able to fly [ low over micronesia ] ( http://airwaysnews.com/blog/2014/05/15/an-island-hopper-adventure-unlike-any-other/ ) and island hop your way across all the small atolls to get from the philippines to hawaii , or to watch the sun set before your eyes at record speed because you 're flying with the rotation of the earth across the line of day ? 
  plus when you 're up there there 's no light pollution and no-one other than the plane alone amongst the clouds - imagine flying in something like airbus ' [ concept plane ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5k1zds-li0 ) and being able to look up and see the night sky like never before , or the towering clouds that surround you . 
  and do n't even get me started on stuff like virgin galactic and spaceport america , that shit is so fucking awesome full stop . 
  / r/b - maybe they meant / r/rnb ? 
  finally a daily for the evening and night shift . 
  you 'll be able to watch me progressively get less coherent as i write my essay . 
  starting history 1 in 7 minutes, 
  have an awesome time in wellington , it 's a fantastic city, 
  i take it this show is good ? 
  i have n't watched it yet , too busy with dozens of other shows, 
  have you got netflix / seen bloodline ? 
  that was a decent show, 
  you two should have a / r/nz meetup in thailand, 
  i was going to do the same , but a week before i was going to fly up to check it out with mum they had the m6 earthquake in seddon and i was told in no uncertain terms that i was n't going to wellington . 
  which is a shame , because pols up there would have been awesome, 
  eh , i 'm just doing pols at uc instead . 
  not sure what after uni , maybe head up there if there 's a job at mfat or one of the un agencies or something, 
  since we 've got the thread here anyway and i need an excuse to delay the new css a bit while i finish the essays , does anyone have any flair requests ? 
  i remember a squid / octopus thing for someone ( probably / u/giantcrazyoctopus ) and a lotr one for / u/honourandsacrifice i think , but any others ? 
  not any more it 's not , / u/nilnz has stealth edits, 
  which is why we have a meetup over there so you flee back to nz and get stuck with us, 
  should be easy enough i hope , any others ? 
  come to chch !, 
  i saw him first !, 
  i only want anatomically correct squid , none of this four and a half legged shit, 
  what about the octopus in / u/paulfknwalsh 's new mural ? 
  i 'll see what i can do with it , maybe even see if we can give you a special long flair, 
  as proof of this , the new css allows you to give pineapple lumps instead of give gold, 
  what about the commie-nazis ? 
  or alternatively go more in depth on ongoing issues . 
  i 'm sure they have at least a couple investigative journalists still . 
  nope , only cards i get are birthdays and love letters, 
  so you 're a corporate shill for kellogg 's now ? 
  i 'm disappointed ... 
  so , continuing on from yesterday 's plane rant , i found out today that it 's possible to actually fly around the world and never need a passport , provided you 're from france and have a 747 . 
  france still has enough [ tiny island colonies ] ( http://www.gcmap.com/mapui?p=lfpg-tffr-ntaa-nwww-fmee-lfpg ) that they 're within range of each other for a 747, 
   today 's tidying tip : done is better than perfect . 
  is this a subtle hint to tell me to finish up the css already ? 
  yeah , i 'm going to take a look and try figure it out after i finish the two essays i 've got to do by friday . 
  they 're the priority at this point , and everything else comes after they 're done, 
  aiming to get it done before december - i want to get my essays done first , and then i 'll get back into it and try to finish everything up . 
  hopefully i can get it done before exams , but if not then it 'll be november sometime, 
  i 'm kind of torn - on one hand , i 'd love for it to have the sort of joshua tree / rattle and hum sound , and on the other i 'd want it to have more of a zooropa / achtung baby vibe . 
  i think joshua tree is more of a fit with the `` experience '' theme and plays in with the ` epic ' claim from the article ( with the whole streets soaring sound ) but i 'd say achtung baby is more the second version of their sound which fits in better with the album trilogy theory . 
  i 'd agree that it 's one of the defining moments of u2 , along with the live aid performance . 
  it 's what seemed to catapult them in the early 2000 's to the biggest band in the world after pop, 
  maybe add some flairs in too , even if it was just the album covers ? 
  yeah , setting a custom flair works . 
  although you probably do n't need all the different options , just so long as there 's the setting that you can edit your own flairs, 
  i can lend a hand if you want , i 've been working on the flairs and a new css for / r/newzealand over at / r/nzcss , picture flairs seem to need a bit in the css as well . 
  i 'd probably go with the zooropa cover , but i reckon just the album covers would be a good place to start and we can figure something else out from there, 
  i can try help from here , but modding would make things easier since there 's a couple sections that are outside the css too . 
  at any rate , first thing we need is a spritesheet which contains all the album covers . 
  it needs to be the size we want for the flairs , so i 'd say 20 or 25 px squares would be big enough ( it 's what we have on / r/newzealand , to get a sense of the size . 
  [ this ] ( https://b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/nzy7gppepz5kjulep1sqnfbak7blswvygso8xswyl7c.png ) is the sort of thing we need , so it 's pretty much just a case of sticking all the covers in the same image right up against each other . 
  after that , you 'll need to replace the current flair thing with something like this :, 
  . flair {, 
  border : none ! important ;, 
  display : inline-block ;, 
  may need to play around with the positioning a bit , but provided the flairs are in that order and are that size ( simply change all the 20s to 25s if you want the flair to be that size ) then it 's just a matter of setting them up as chosable flairs on the edit flair menu by entering the css class under the user flair templates - css class is simply the name on the code above for each one , so unforgettablefire for the unforgettable fire or atyclb for all that you ca n't leave behind . 
  getting text to show up next to it is a bit more work and will require a bit of reverse engineering of / r/travel 's css but i need to do it for / r/nzcss anyway so if you want i can sort that out at the weekend too, 
  i dunno , i 'd be hesitant as to whether some of the airports would even be big enough for a 747 to land too, 
  huh , that 's weird . 
  i 'll have a look later on and see if i can figure out what 's going on , along with the text flair thing . 
  might also be good to have an option to have just a text flair and no image, 
  edit : looks like they 're dropping down into the left hand column . 
  maybe try adding this to the code above the first flair bit ? 
  float : none ;, 
  margin :0 ;, 
  this is going to make the next election campaign unbearable, 
  you too can have your university get government assistance after 10,000 easy earthquakes !, 
  i thought the same , but then i noticed the timer ran out just as he was about to cap and was still a tie , which makes it good enough imo from the annoyance factor, 
  the two daily 's will lead to civil war in the subreddit . 
  i wonder which one of us are the tuhoe separatists ? 
  so for stuff which should n't come as any shock , i 've managed to fuck up with the essays again . 
  1700 words still to write on history 1 by tomorrow and 2000 words to write on history 2 by friday .
