  it 's just a shame none of them were chosen for the shortlist, 
  check out [ this tracklist ] ( http://flyingout.co.nz/collections/cds/products/volume-making-music-in-aotearoa-1970s ) - it 's a compilation cd with some of the best nz songs from the 1970s , part of a larger thing with multiple albums for each decade since the 50 's, 
  there are n't many , but we do have a couple native owls - the most famous being the * ruru * , or morepork, 
  you 'd need to ask / u/dirtyformal - i did n't , but i had the same thought that it looks different . 
  i 'm not as much a fan personally , but i do n't like change so eh, 
  you 're probably thinking about the haka - it 's traditionally a maori war dance , but it 's also used in funerals as a tribute , as you saw . 
  the best one i 've seen is [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi6trtbzumm ) by the defence force farewelling a soldier that was killed in afghanistan, 
  was n't the welfare state savage and not seddon ? 
  have you got a comparison between the old and new one ? 
  not too sure about the newer version personally, 
  yeah , as much as we try we ca n't really plan earthquakes for people, 
  tbh i do kind of prefer the old one more , the kerning was better and the z was nicer, 
   their own beer is by far superior ,, 
  let 's be honest , there 's not really much competition here is there ? 
  booze , and a shitload of it . 
  actual type varies from person to person , typically beer / cider / rtd 's for the bottle / can based , then any form of hard liquor if you 're going stronger, 
  it 's the united future logo, 
  again , fair point . 
  but this is still / r/newzealand and not / r/casualconversation , so we need to actually make sure that content is related to nz, 
  check the bottom of the sidebar ... 
  so typical kiwi banter over a bbq with a fine selection of craft beer to educate / u/hsmithakl ? 
  i 'm down for that, 
  awesome , how 'd you make the map ? 
  and what 's happening up north of canada , is that part of quebec ? 
  i ca n't see a country label there, 
  what was it supposed to be up there ? 
  there 's an older mandela version , that 's like the original but with edited lyrics and a horn section . 
  it 's intermixed with interviews which is a shame , because i 'd love to hear a full version . 
  [ this is what i 've found ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceqclqx_hby ), 
  i 'm so glad it beat trip through your wires , it 's such a better song, 
  as long as it 's not here i do n't care, 
  chur , you too, 
  to be honest it 's equally likely to be part of either hong kong , japan , or the philippines in this map . 
  it 's not entirely clear whom , given the alliance depiction of the map instead of a straight political one, 
  forgot to ask on / r/imaginarymaps - any chance i could grab whatever font that is you used ? 
  it 's a damn nice font, 
  why were these even localised to begin with ? 
  i wonder what it 'd look like without the background , if it was expanded a bit instead or something . 
  reminder that we still have [ the cultural exchange with / r/brasil ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5m9mam/kia_ora_rbrasil_cultural_exchange_with_rbrasil/?sort=new ) running if you 're able to head over and answer questions , there 's a tonne of new ones without responses . 
  also head over there and ask some , they 're putting us to shame, 
  whenever we say we 're going to have a bbq the weather will cloud over and turn to shit . 
  it 's got to a point where we say it if the garden needs some water, 
  it 's currently cold and raining :( la nina means we get rubbish summers . 
  last year was nice though , it was warm right through until may, 
  three main meals are breakfast , lunch , and dinner - sometimes people mix them and we normally will just eat some other stuff in between if you 're hungry . 
  pretty much everything is expensive here , it 's the ends-of-the-earth tax for being miles away from everywhere, 
  got to be hillary , how can you not support the local boy who knocked the bastard off everest ? 
  just checked out that album and ended up buying it , you 've got some pretty damn cool tracks on there !, 
  a couple questions , mainly more on the political / historical side i 'm afraid since that 's what i 'm into :, 
  what 's actually going on there at the moment politically ? 
  last i heard congress voted to impeach dilma rousseff , but i do n't know if that 's actually happened yet or anything . 
  what 's an interesting part of your country / aspect of your country that you think gets overlooked commonly internationally ? 
  on a similar note , what 's interesting about your history that most people would n't know ? 
  and finally since most people like talking about it , what are some good brazilian bands i should check out ? 
  / u/paulfknwalsh this guy 's stealing your karma is n't he ? 
  removing this under rule 12, 
   australia / new zealand end of 2018, 
  finally might have a chance to go to a u2 show omg, 
  even if it does i 'm not entirely convinced the netherlands wo n't still look exactly the same . 
  those dutch know how to hold back the sea, 
  we had some come in at work , they were sold out before they even reached the shop floor, 
  oh whoops , my mistake . 
  could have sworn it was, 
  i 'm hurt you did n't consider us your drunk post location of choice, 
  cook strait reddit meetup ? 
  we had a couple of those come in at work the other day , both sold before i could get a proper look at them, 
  fully loving this picture , did you take any others at the same time ? 
  check out taika waititi - hunt for the wilderpeople , what we do in the shadows , boy , and eagle vs. shark are all absolutely fantastic, 
  do n't think i even got that far , will look it up tomorrow and let you know, 
  then return back to the other stuff from leviticus , it 's foolproof, 
  and racist , do n't forget the racism . 
  see , i 'm as non-religious as they come , but i do n't actually mind some religious music . 
  stuff like johnny cash where he 's referencing the book of revelations , or ( insert obligatory u2 reference ) - so long as it 's not preachy and saying how great god is i do n't really mind , provided it 's good music . 
  which tends to rule out almost all proper christian rock, 
  you just reminded me of that quote from kingsmen, 
  * sure sure *, 
  i remember when i used to use that much hdr , was n't my finest hour, 
  chch is definitely dyers pass , they 've got the little carpark looking out over the city lights after a nice romantic drive and everything, 
  i mean it 's not like i 've had a chance to use it , but everyone knows that 's the place, 
  lying about the first bit or the second ? 
  yeah that would have required me to have someone to try it with :(, 
  or , you know , try and do legal shit where possible ? 
  hey if you want to add this to the / r/nz wiki that 'd be awesome too , let me know if you 're keen and i can hook you up with permissions, 
  yeah bang on 6k here , though there 's a fair bit of room to move if you get the right salesperson, 
  i do n't even care that they pushed the album back , i 'm just hyped at political u2 returning, 
  i have a feeling it 'll be ones off the joshua tree, 
  thought process this morning : `` oh shit a new u2 tour ''  `` oh , it 's america and europe again . 
  okay . '', 
  i was real confused until the plane turned around after passing by the sounds, 
  removing this under rule 12, 
  okay that sort of shit in your last paragraph is definitely against the rules . 
  we 're debating what course of action to take this time , but know that it 'll be a permanent ban without question if you do it again, 
  i really hope they close out the show with mothers of the disappeared / el pueblo vencera like they did on the original joshua tree tour, 
  it 's alright , he 's got a career moderating reddit now, 
  removed under rule 6, 
  i feel like ilam could be `` old people and students '' but yeah it 's pretty spot on, 
   never really understood why this was even an issue tbh, 
  i figured the issue came about because the ngapuhi story at first was that he was allowed to speak , just not about politics . 
  if that were the case then it was just bill getting upset that he could n't use waitangi as a soapbox , which would have been fairly disrespectful as far as i 'm concerned . 
  the idea was taking politics out of waitangi , and if the only reason the pm was refusing to attend was because he was n't allowed to speak politics at the powhiri then i 'd find that petty and disrespectful given the significance of waitangi day as more than just a day to shout policy in an election year .
