  however , just because the holocaust was so horrible does not automatically give moral superiority to anyone who is descended from those who suffered at the hands of the nazi regime . 
  my grandfather grew up in nazi-occupied austria , does that mean i 've slighted you ? 
  obviously not , i 've never met you before and i 've never spoken to you before now ( if this counts as speaking . ), 
  historical events and the actions of historical figures should not have any impact on how people in the present should be treated . 
  attack them for being a racist prick , do n't attack them because your people suffered in the holocaust . 
   and do n't even try to pretend that the little wannabe neo-nazi turds who did this were motivated by the plight of palestine . 
  he was n't . 
  the fuckwits who desecrated the graves were n't motivated by anything beyond fucked up beliefs and delusions . 
  no-one other than you is trying to link the actions of the vandals to palestine . 
  the link to palestine which was trying to be established ( i think , correct me if i 'm wrong / u/omgsauce ) is that zionist politicians in israel often use the holocaust as a defense against anyone who is critical of their actions in palestine , along with accusing them of being anti-semitic . 
  this goes back to my earlier point . 
  just because jewish people suffered the most in the holocaust , jewish people who are descendants of or have relatives who were involved do not gain moral superiority or immunity from committing atrocities against other groups , in this case palestinians . 
  yeah , but rome 2 was n't centered around one figure , like attila is . 
  similar thing with empire and napoleon, 
  there you go again . 
  three sentences and you make another call for sympathy because of the holocaust . 
  you do n't * need * to have an excuse to be offended if someone 's racist against you . 
  you do n't see tutsis saying `` your hate is just like the hate that had my parents and their families killed '' , despite their genocide being even worse ( adjusted for different lengths of time ) than the holocaust , and that conflict is still ongoing . 
  if people are being dicks to you because you 're jewish , you do n't need to bring up the holocaust to gain the upper ground . 
  it 's the same with any racist comment , the subject does n't need to have some big tragedy in the family that was racially motivated for it to be wrong to make those comments . 
  yep , [ here 's ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/companyofheroes/comments/2vsq11/make_war_not_love_trick/ ) what it linked to . 
  there was another thread [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/companyofheroes/comments/2vu06j/how_to_help_us_win_free_content/ ) . 
  pretty shit that they won again with such underhand tactics, 
  the amount of dedication that would have taken ... 
  a fair trade agreement would have many benefits to new zealand , sure . 
  and we 've had successful deals with several other countries previously , including china , as beard points out . 
  but what she neglects to mention is that the tppa is n't * just * an fta , it 's a free trade deal at heart with enough strings attached to potentially go so far as to sign away new zealand 's sovereignty . 
  unless the tppa has a clause in it which requires embargoes on any country which withdraws / is not part of it , there is no benefit to signing such a deal over separately signing free trade agreements with other member states which would better benefit new zealand . 
  there 's talk of a free trade agreement with the european union , which would lessen the need of one in the pacific rim and give time to engage in separate negotiations . 
  our military has had great success in both regional and global peacekeeping and rebuilding roles , i do n't know why it ca n't continue to be used in such a manner, 
   i 'm in favor of dropping a nuke on the middle east and sending all the leftest politically correct cuckolds who love their multiculturalism over to iraq for it . 
  well are n't you just a barrel of sunshine . 
  especially when you consider that [ this ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/multimedia/archive/00342/114134792_s_342273b.jpg ) is how it looks now, 
  how heavily are you basing it off the drama ? 
  could potentially be a lawsuit in waiting, 
  nah , more from the perspective that you 're using real people and their actions for monetary gain without their consent / without them making anything . 
  nah , tomorrow we 'll find out that it 's actually a 62 civ domination game and there 's a sudden death round of voting for the last 20 spots, 
  any idea when gmg sends out viking forefather codes for preorders ? 
  how do you figure that ? 
  as long as you teach tolerance then multiculturalism works fine, 
  thinking about going on a study abroad thing next year to europe ... anyone know much about uppsala university or sweden in general ? 
  with all due respect , keep the fuck away from my water or you 're drinking your own toxic waste . 
  same goes for farmers, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not spelled `` phucking '', 
   i 'm just having a shitty late afternoon now . 
  [ cheer up brian , you know what they say !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlbilnn1nhq ), 
  there 's a bunch of references - one of the ones i picked up on in attila was for a spy ability , where it said * `` i will make an offer you ca n't refuse '' *, 
  partially because of parihaka 's significance in nz history , partially because it was one of the largest maori settlements , and partially because it 's two tiles away on the main tsl from wellington so there wo n't be any issues with the cs or jfd 's eventual new zealand mod, 
  nz tried it once , our first ( and only ) elected female pm is now third in command at the un and rumoured to be a favourite for secretary-general after ban ki-moon, 
  since it got deleted from the daily discussion thread and i had just finished typing up a response , thought i 'd post it here . 
  i think it 's like this . 
  to use his analogy , you 're at a bar with a bunch of people . 
  you ask a bunch of guys if * someone * could buy you a drink , even though you 're actually meaning those really good looking guys who you 've been eying up all night . 
  instead , that little scrawny guy that 's just been dragged along to make the other guys look better pipes up and buys it for you , even though you were n't intending it to be directed at him . 
  while iraq did request help from the global community , it would have been likely directed at the likes of america , britain , germany etc. 
  they would n't have wanted to single out countries because of anti-american and anti-west sentiment ( given the last couple times america set foot in iraq did n't go so well for iraq , ) but the implication is there . 
  i know , i hated it too . 
  one of my first mods changed the city list of polynesia to cities instead of islands ( samoa to apia , tonga to nuku'alofa and so on ) before i even considered doing civ mods . 
  camp david seemed to work well for president bartlett in this area, 
  you must be an aucklander, 
   * `` while playing ... '' * type posts - honestly , we ca n't agree on a solid rule for this , so these would be looked at on a case-by-case basis . 
  sorry , what 's meant by this ? 
  it was jimi hendrix earlier, 
  please , that 's nothing compared to the [ instructions on how to draw nepal 's flag ] ( https://math.dartmouth.edu/activities/undergrad/2013posterwinners/pawandhakal.pdf ) ( warning : pdf ), 
  ca n't wait until the baghdad wall finally falls in fifty years !, 
  that 's apples and oranges and you know it . 
  there has n't been a natural disaster in the middle east which we are sending troops to help with . 
  if there had been , i would have no issue whatsoever with sending troops over to help with the rescue / recovery . 
  our army has been doing this successfully for years , along with peacekeeping roles . 
  a better example to compare it to within nz would be if the tuhoe rose up and tried to declare independence , fighting a bloody guerrilla war across the north island , and i highly doubt we 're in danger of that any time soon, 
  * `` it 's the circle of lifeee !, 
  oh , i 'm so sorry . 
  * military involvement * then . 
  maybe * humanitarian intervention ? 
   ( are n't we just training them ? ), 
  that 's what they began with , but then john started talking about sending in our own men as protection too , with the possibility of them going out further . 
  steady creep of war . 
  i thought they were meant to have a tea break too, 
  edit : spoke too soon, 
  i almost feel bad for england . 
  they invent all these great sports and then get beaten at them by everyone they teach them to, 
  if that happened , there would be a very tiny group of people suddenly extremely wealthy, 
  they need to give england time to come to terms with their coming thrashing, 
  i 'm still in disbelief . 
  i mean , i held out hope that we might be able to just scrape a victory , but i was n't expecting it to be brazil-germany levels of thrashing, 
  i never thought i 'd like anything i read in the daily mail , but that was a beautiful read . 
  every time tony abbott opens his mouth i silently thank the tasman sea for existing, 
  watch the replay ? 
  might even have time to get through it twice, 
   [ commentators openly mocking england now . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/piersmorgan/status/568622762551431169 ), 
  he might not be able to , but i sure as hell can, 
  tim butcher 's books are great if you 're into a mix of travel , history and politics . 
  in the current one i 'm reading he 's walking the same route gavrilo princip , the assassin who shot archduke franz ferdinand . 
  weaves together talking about his journey along with talking about princip and the balkan wars amazingly , great reads each time . 
  first one was recreating henry morton stanley 's journey through the congo , and the second one was walking through liberia and sierra leone ( before ebola broke out ), 
  the trigger , but it does n't come out here until may or june or something , even though it came out everywhere else last july . 
  other two are blood river and chasing the devil, 
  * use lazarus ^ tm brand facial cleanser to bring your luscious facial hair back to life !,
