  i think it 's the daylight savings . 
  sunlight until 7:30 makes everything better, 
  how am i supposed to meet people at uni ? 
  i 've got a friend who is able to make friends with a complete stranger in about 17 seconds and who keeps telling me `` just do it , it 's not hard '' but never actually says what to so . 
  seems a bit difficult if you only ever see people during class, 
  uc , and live about 20 minutes away from campus so did n't go to a hall . 
  does n't going to parties generally require being invited in the first place ? 
  i 'm white and i do n't need to shave :(, 
  not quite true , there 's evidence we had rodents at some point in the past ( along with crocodiles and snakes , even ), 
  yeah , we had a size arms race instead . 
  giant 3 metre tall moa and eagles 40 % bigger than the largest extant bird of prey, 
  i do n't think i 'm completely one way or the other , i enjoy being on my own and with friends . 
  i 'm definitely not outgoing though, 
  with the halls , would it be similar if i go flatting in a very student-oriented area or not as much ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're referring to clubs too , or are societies different again ? 
  maybe not if it 's anything like it was last saturday when i went down , there were maybe 10 people in the whole place ... 
  oh hell , did n't realise there were even international field trips !, 
  any idea if there are any for politics ? 
  eh , we 're in a quieter area so if there 's ever any music it 's always just the bass from ages away . 
  met a couple guys when i was at a friends place once who were looking for the cricket ball they smashed down the street from their party , invited us over until they caught sight of the ginger beer from the non-alcoholic guy and noped the fuck out of there but yeah, 
  seems like clubs is the consensus , i might give it a shot - cheers . 
  went to the ucpols welcome thing first thing in my first year , was terrified since i knew no-one - ended up sitting their awkwardly and creeping some people out by mistake, 
  really ? 
  the cicadas are my favourite bit !, 
  it 's how you know it 's finally summer, 
  nz for next trans-tasman meetup pls, 
  yeah , which means that more than half of the population will be making less than $ 130,000, 
  yeah , it 's one of the few useful ones . 
  plus it served to remind me of someone promising to make out with colin craig if national lost the last election, 
  i do n't think you 're helping the whole quitting thing, 
  i 'm going to try sort out a road trip over summer up the north island , definitely want to stop off in wellington for a bit instead of just driving through . 
  what am i shouting ? 
  i lived down on the south coast before moving down to chch in ' 06 , still love it to bits, 
  lecter or barca ? 
  putin getting you down again ? 
  is that the mongolian bbq place you lot on / r/wellington are always going to ? 
  exactly , which means that the total number of people earning less than 130,000 is more than half , since you 're adding the number of people earning between 76,500 and 129,999 to the half of the population making less than 76,500, 
  sweet as , i 'll try sort out some people who want to go on a trip to and then give you a yell if it 's going ahead, 
  how did he become king then ? 
  but the guy in the article is n't saying that people with $ 1 million should buy places , he 's saying that people with $ 130,000 should buy places . 
  might have been making a snide comment to point out that it 's taiaha , but i dunno, 
  here 's some advice from my multiple attempts :, 
  * slow down and check for trains on level crossings, 
  * slow down to ** 20kph ** when going past a school bus . 
  even if it has n't got school bus signs on , if it 's parked and near a school count it, 
  * if you 're in a manual , try not to stall, 
  * if you come to a four way stop sign , give way to the right, 
  maybe it 's a list of stuff they 've finished ? 
  god , auckland 's even worse d :, 
  but nah , i 'm already trying to plan a road trip there over summer anyway so that sounds choice, 
  down in chch , but it 's either too hot or too cold here . 
  i love wellington and would 've come to that one , but it was right in the middle of exams for me, 
  would n't bongsmokerxx420yolo or whatever the hell he 's going by now be weed ? 
   and fucking expensive to remove !, 
  not if you 're a student , i think they 're only like $ 50 to extract with ucsa dental, 
  i take it the next meet is n't helping her move ? 
  okay , sounds good . 
  january would definitely be better , since retail is n't too keen on days off during the christmas rush, 
  [ got the music sorted ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/spotifyaustralia/playlist/3qkhcoyxlwupsusvha5rko ), 
  i was n't intentionally being anything , unlike your comments . 
  might have something to do with the fact that nearly every article you post is on the topic of legalisation ? 
  if you posted normally as well as just your ones on legalisation people might take you more seriously, 
  currently half way through a ba in politics with a fair bit of history mixed in . 
  did some anthropology last year too ( only slightly because i was actually interested in it . ), 
  considering doing some post-grad for it to , or maybe throwing another degree like law or something in it too . 
  * labour set this up back in 2007 !, 
  it 's their fault !, 
  i think fitz is still hooked on a feeling, 
  it 's one of the best things about fan speculation . 
  if you 've ever followed a game prior to its release , you 'll see the fans of it pour over every pixel of every screenshot to try and find any scrap of unrevealed info . 
  it 's awesome and terrifying all at once, 
  listen to tumeke , do n't tell them until you 're moving out . 
  any time between telling them and leaving is going to be absolute hell for you , even compared to what you go through normally, 
  just save yourself all the trouble and do n't tell them until the day , and get a cop to help out . 
  they can blow off steam when you 've left , that way they get to and you do n't need to deal with it . 
  oh fuck , that means i have 9 days to write three essays . 
  this 'll be fun, 
  this yours ? 
  you would n't happen to have a wider version , would you ? 
  looking for headers for the new css and need some north island ones, 
  edit : actually , if you 're okay with me using it this should be big enough, 
  awesome , cheers . 
  it 'll be here on / r/newzealand when we sort out the new css , but at the moment it will be able to be viewed at / r/nzcss - the photo rotation up the top is where it 'll be when i get around to adding it . 
  it 's just the forward base for the invasion, 
  not if you go up lewis pass though , right ? 
  might be able to use a couple of them , will just depend on how it looks when it 's blown up . 
  will give it a shot later on , cheers, 
  paging / u/nilnz - i 'm busy at the moment but he should be able to give you a decent overview of where to go, 
  it 's been like that for ages though from my memory , i love wellington to bits but even back walking round as a kid in the early 2000 's and all i remember about the smell is just constant cigarette smoke, 
  as long as the news does n't directly relate to qatar they 're generally reliable - i remember their reporting on the arab spring was a bit skewed because of a fear by the qatari government that it 'd spread to qatar, 
  oh i 've got another one due on the 15th too , but it seems like everyone 's deciding to be nice and set their due date earlier so that it does n't conflict with anything , which of course means it conflicts with everything, 
  we 're even more futuristic than those damn aussies . 
  all the venomous stuff has died out , except for hosking . 
  to be fair , in some places $ 5000 is like three things, 
  this always made me laugh as a kid given i have dutch grandparents - oma is the dutch word for grandmother, 
  i feel like this is the canadian version of the lockwood flags, 
  you do n't happen to have the full version available somewhere else , do you ? 
  imgur seems to be compressing it badly, 
  i really feel like changing the moderators section to ` national shills ' on it now, 
  yeah , the sizing does n't matter much as long as it 's not an image which needs the vertical height to ` make it ' - so a normal shot of mitre peak would n't really work,
