  [ outoftheloop post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/ ), 
  new zealand time they 're bang on the money, 
  have you considered making a / r/iama faq / guide to using reddit ? 
  since a large part of victoria 's role was making sure the amas went smoothly , maybe having like an introduction to how reddit works / how to see new questions and reply to them could be worth it ? 
  they 're all adults , i 'm sure they 'd be able to get the hang of how to use it , but just give them a bit of a hand to get started, 
  yeah , i think it started with victoria but it 's since moved in scope to be about reddit as a whole and the admin 's relationship with the site . 
  kind of like how the arab spring began with a guy protesting police brutality and turned into a shitstorm across the middle east, 
  any chance of being able to change boost countdowns too ? 
  do n't forget the apache helicopter-kin, 
  damn , there goes my pinball map . 
  congratulations batman !, 
   i still have half a jar of pre-marmageddon marmite too . 
  is being 1000km away a good enough excuse ? 
  well too bad , i 'm having my own drinks tonight . 
  finally celebrating my birthday a couple weeks late, 
  yeah , i was trying to think of a better way to phrase it , but my sleep-addled brain came up with nothing . 
  what i was meaning is how the guy who set himself on fire was originally protesting police coming along and destroying his fruit stall . 
  had nothing to do with the government of tunisia , let alone anywhere else in the arab world . 
  but once word spread what happened , it became the straw that broke the camels ' back and ignited ( poor choice of words ) a series of protests which were all the grievances against the governments of their respective countries rolled into one huge movement . 
  the outcome was inspired by this guy , but actually had little to do with him, 
  on the deluxe edition of * songs of innocence , * u2 included a bunch of acoustic versions of the songs on the album . 
  in most cases they 're really different from the originals , and worth a listen . 
  i kind of like raised by wolves too , the horns are a nice touch, 
  no , but that 's not really what it was all about . 
  that 's how it started , sure . 
  but then it became about mods expressing dissatisfaction with the way reddit has been run, 
  nah , make it a 12 hour endurance event . 
  last man standing gets the nomination, 
  sounds russian, 
  this explains your recent dad jokes, 
  maybe he started at 4:20 ? 
  this seems to be given as advice way too much, 
  counter-point : i 'm in a country and it 's july 5, 
  what about skeet shooting , using the other team as the skeets ? 
  but they were still british colonies at that point , right ? 
  i dunno whether that counts though . 
  is someone who was born in hong kong in the 80 's british or chinese ? 
  do n't worry , it 's still on the map over at / r/nzcss, 
  and that 's my obligatory shameless plug for the day done, 
  4 metres would probably be good enough , given the original was still an estimate, 
  hi there !, 
  i 'm * mr. dna , * and i 'm here to -, 
  w-wait just a second mister !, 
  what 're you doing with that match ? 
  oh god , no !, 
  i find your trade in policy funny . 
  i work in a tech store in a shopping mall , we had a guy nick a controller or two from us a month or so back , chased him through the mall and found him later in eb games trying to trade them in, 
  askreddit : what is your favourite country and why is it america ? 
  sorry , i 've been busy as shit and sick as well , have n't been able to do the daily facts . 
  will try tomorrow , i promise, 
  there might have been an american restaurant or something doing an event , but that 'd probably be it . 
  cinco de mayo here is normally limited to mexican restaurants , so i 'd expect something similar, 
  / u/dead _ rooster , mind weighing in on progress ? 
  holy shit , really ? 
  i thought we just had a bunch of iroquois and a couple of c-130s, 
  changing the rules is as simple as it is already - just modify the sidebar . 
  keep in line with the existing formatting in it and the rest will be automatic . 
  image is pretty much the same . 
  i 've put instructions in the css , but pretty much you resize the image to a width of ~ 300 , upload it with the same name , then change the padding to the image size +10 and update the description within the stylesheet . 
  any other flairs you 'd want included while we 're at it ? 
  added a bunch of super rugby ones , / u / - halcyon 's new ones , and a couple extras from the npc and mr 4 square . 
  yeah , but i 've made the background transparent so it might be better if someone else handles the spritesheet so we do n't get the white background coming back, 
  i might have messed something up when i was adding the submit button images , it 'll be a padding issue most likely . 
  although we could go further and do something like / r/accidentalrenaissance 's submit page while we 're at it . 
  as for the multiple banners , i 'm still of the opinion that we 'd be better to make sure everything works with one before we go for more . 
  given the submit buttons are based off the same image it might be a bit odd , but at the very least i 'd want to make sure it was in the same style as the current one, 
  awesome , thanks - i reckon we use one of your astrophotography ones for a night mode banner if we 're going with / u / - halcyon 's idea of different modes, 
  we 'd need to adapt it a fair bit though , but yeah . 
  no point telling people to read the sidebar if the sidebar is n't present . 
  that works , then we could have little buttons underneath the sidebar image like / r/casualconversation has to switch between themes . 
  this one could be default , then a bush one , night mode ( which could be more a space kinda one using one of mamba 's images ) , maybe mountains , coast and pohutukawa for christmas or something . 
  i 'll talk to sukritact to see if he can remember what he did for this one so that they 're in a consistent style . 
  do you know if it 'd be possible to change the submit images too , so they remain the same as the header ? 
  also , seems something 's gone weird with the quotes . 
  see the post at the top of this thread , the text ca n't be read on the green background, 
  edit : whipped up [ an alpine banner ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z7e5ny9.png ) if we end up going for like four different themes , thoughts ? 
  change % % bg % % to % % header2 % % to see what it looks like in place, 
  gah , does n't look like it 's available on nz netflix, 
  yeah , i think that was a glitch when halcyon was playing around with one of the different modes . 
  definitely not final, 
   i personally would like to see the rules appear above the submit buttons and have them ( the buttons ) far less visible . 
  my rationale is that most people in / r/nz who submit stuff will quickly become used to the new location ( down a bit ) , and i think large visible buttons first thing on the sidebar encourages newcomers to submit without reading first . 
  i disagree , i reckon it 'd be a pain to always have to scroll to submit stuff . 
  plus we do n't really have that much of an issue as-is , and with the tendency of nz to downvote shit i do n't think it 'd be any worse . 
  if anything , the read the damn sidebar header thing along with repeating it in the submit area should be enough imo . 
   that said with 5 or 6 themes the stylesheet is going to get ... long !, 
  might have to do up a contents area with keywords you can ctrl+f to , or something . 
  good idea , i 've already got the instructions at the top so it would n't be that much more . 
  it 's not going to be that much longer though , right ? 
  it 'd just be a matter of changing images and colours for the most part ? 
   looks like a graduated lens blur effect . 
  just enter quickmask mode ( q ) , use a left-to-right black and white gradient fill , then go out of quickmask mode and go filter  blur  lens blur . 
  yeah , pretty much gaussian blur a landscape and then fade it into the sharp image, 
   do you mean the top header shown under submit mode ? 
  or the big black submit buttons in the sidebar ? 
  submit buttons , they 're images cropped from the header so that they 're the same style instead of just solid colours , looks way better imo, 
   yep that looks great !, 
  except i still do n't fully understand why so much of the header is blurred out . 
  how come this is the style we have to follow ? 
  it just seems quite limiting , and it 's a fair bit of header real estate going on what is essentially just white space .
