  let 's act like it . 
  not necessarily . 
  i 'm opposed to the gung-ho approach the current govt has got on the topic , but if we were serious about it we could approach it like norway has with much less environmental damage than currently . 
   the modding community is also incredibly awesome . 
  thanks !, 
  huh , the denmark dlc for civ 5 is on sale for 100 % off, 
  edit : okay , officially it is but it seems you can only buy it as part of a package with other dlc ... 
  morning !, 
  today is monday the 15th of june . 
  on this day in 1215 the magna carta was officially endorsed by king john , bringing about the first steps towards the modern system of government and imposing checks on the monarch 's power . 
  also today , in 1775 george washington officially took over as commander-in-chief of the continental army , a title which remains associated with the presidency to this day . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by earl bamber , brendon hartley , mitch evans , and exams . 
  lucky son-of-a ... 
  dad 's off on some fancy trip to iceland tomorrow , i was going to go with him but could n't because i 've got four exams , only one of which is before the flight . 
  so now while he 's off on the other side of the world and the rest of my family is off cruising around the south pacific , i 'm stuck at home taking exams and working . 
  huh . 
  i have a feeling you 're either dad or on the same trip as him , the trip he 's going on is a photography one, 
  e : scratch that , just realised you said you have exams . 
  are you just visiting iceland as part of an oe thing or are you going to iceland full stop ? 
  pretty sure he 's flying emirates both ways . 
  stopping over with family in the uk for a couple days and then for a day to check out amsterdam on the way back , but beyond that it 's pretty much just airport layovers afaik, 
  to be fair , they asked if i wanted to come on the cruise too . 
  but i 'd have to pay for myself , and it would mean that dad was coming home to an empty house having been away for a month, 
  oh cool , doing what ? 
  i was considering doing an exchange to sweden next year , but i dunno, 
  1 out of 3 , although i used to have a pair of shitty warehouse boat shoes as a kid which i wore when we went down to the arrow river so i did n't cut my feet on the gorse on the way down, 
  everyone hates on the crystal skull , but i still think it was a decent enough movie ( until the [ crystal skull spoiler ] ( #s `` whopping great big ufo comes out of the waterfall '' ) at least ) . 
  still feel it has a closer vibe to the first and third movies than the temple of doom does . 
  they 'd need to make sure the first non-harrison ford indy was done right , since the whole future of it as a concept would ride on it . 
  if it 's done well then you 've got the second bond style franchise lined up nicely , if not you 've shot the whole thing in the foot for the next couple decades, 
  spectre might help too, 
  i can potentially see starlord getting there , maybe owen too if the sequels are as good as jurassic world is, 
  i thought it was an intentional thing , given the commercialisation of the park as a whole . 
  helps to reinforce that pretty much everything there is sponsored . 
  plus i 'm pretty sure the use of mercedes vehicles is a throwback to the book , so i can overlook that, 
   and in the second movie he 's basically a liam neeson tracking down his child . 
  sure , the rex 's skills involve more dog eating and destruction of property than the more conventional forms of ass-kicking would entail , but he still gets the job done and teaches his child how to hunt in the process . 
  i never thought i 'd see the day when someone manages to make the lost world and taken sound like the same movie, 
  kind of off topic , but we had a prime minister with that exact name . 
  he called a snap election while drunk off his face . 
  ah , the 80 's, 
  i have a feeling the bit where the ingen mercs arriving by helicopter , and one sees and shoots a dimorphodon is a reference to the end of jp iii , where grant is being carried off the island and sees pteranodons outside the helicopter, 
  second and third movies both take place on isla sorna , jurassic park and jurassic world both take place on isla nublar , they 're different t. rexes, 
  watch neither - paul henry 's just as bad , but more in the mike hosking column than the light and fluffy column . 
  he launched from a news story one time into using it as an argument for getting rid of welfare altogether / privatising it or some bullshit like that . 
  i normally watch aljazeera or something instead , still available on freeview, 
  i 'm glad someone else likes tyrant - it 's amazing how it manages to make you feel sorry for arguably the most horrible human being on the show, 
  oh , i was meaning jamal . 
  leila 's manipulative , but she 's nowhere near jamal ( and tariq , but he 's a different sort of horrible ), 
  sure , just nothing too ostentatious, 
  i assumed it was going to be bassam [ s1 finale spoiler ] ( #s `` if his coup had succeeded '' ) since he 's the whole pro-west , western guy like assad was before he came to power . 
  i feel really bad for jamal though because of how [ ] ( / s `` he was always saying how much of a good brother bassam was , and how you do n't mess with family , while bassam was plotting a coup behind his back '' ), 
  nah , it 's a spoiler tag . 
  does n't show up in messages for some reason but works on the subreddit fine, 
  this is to let you know that ~ ~ i ~ ~ greg is allowed to booze up . 
  - signed , my mum, 
  exam in two hours . 
  shot myself in the foot by doing nowhere near enough study . 
  still trying to figure out how to spell khrushchev correctly ( wo n't be spell check in the exam :( ), 
  yeah , i was just worried that misspelling someone as important as khrushchev would mean he 'd take a more critical look at my essay , which probably is n't a good idea given my level of revision, 
  i 'm almost through being a teenager , and the latest i 've ever slept in would only be about 9:30 - ish , and that was because of jetlag, 
  racist thread ? 
  oh awesome , cheers . 
  what was it ? 
  yeah , only added a few in the flair section to make sure it was working , but for some reason they were n't showing up when i added the new ones there . 
  glad it 's working now though, 
  yeah , i think those headers and a new background image are probably the big things to go with it now , it could look kind of cool if we keep the trapezoidal kind of thing from the old / r/cricket css alongside that header style . 
  have we given up on a map or is that still on the cards ? 
  i 'm working on a post on / r/nz about it now too , might get some ideas from there, 
  [ the header ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20150331181534/http://www.reddit.com/r/cricket ) here , but with nz colours instead of the cwc rainbow thing ? 
  i 'd be hesitant about bringing too much over , those news icon things make me think a bit too much of / r/worldnews , and / r/canada almost feels a bit too old-fashioned and outdated to me . 
  i 'd prefer just taking some of the sidebar features . 
  either way though , i think we 'd need to go through and tidy up the css a fair bit before we take it over , so it 's easier to change in the future, 
  yeah , although i think anything we do will look dated before long . 
  default images should be easy enough to change too , maybe a fern or something ? 
  or even the kiwi snoo ? 
  yeah , header is still being worked on , it 's currently the one from the base theme . 
  thanks for being so clear on what you do n't like about it !, 
  that 's leftover from the original theme , i 'll see if i can figure out how to condense them down a bit ( maybe someone who knows css better has some ideas ? ), 
  a lot of that sort of stuff will probably wait until we get a better header background , so we know what colours we 're working with . 
  i would n't want to go lighten it up and then have the background end up being white or something and then have to darken it again, 
  but ... we are still working on it !, 
  the background is just a placeholder , and the main nz image was something i whipped up in 30 seconds to stand in until we got a new one, 
  so i 'd just look for that passage with different values and then replace it ? 
  hmm , did n't seem to have any effect . 
  not sure if i did it in the right place though, 
  just noticed we do n't have any images there yet , so that should probably be fixed first, 
  condensed them a bit , what do you think ? 
  that seemed to work , thanks, 
  the post images you were talking about changing , all i 'm seeing is the upvote / downvote arrows and then the post , no image next to them, 
  nah , that 's weird . 
  nothing showing up there on my end , both ipad and computer, 
  yep , they show up there . 
  no idea why they 're not working here, 
  yeah , special arrangement . 
  i kind of like it that way though , makes the text flairs special, 
  i feel like this does n't disagree with his point, 
  is there anywhere to watch it with the original music ? 
  i watched the italy one last week , it had terrible music and was missing huge chunks of it, 
  never done a torrent before and would n't have any idea how to go about it , so looks like streetfire it is,
