  this is offensive to the briscoes lady, 
  god you auckland lot are so * sociable *, 
  do n't buy european . 
  nice cars with fancy names , but it 'll cost you almost as much as the car to replace anything . 
  get it checked over independently before you buy it - the aa can do this i think . 
  this ensures there are n't any nasty mechanical surprises waiting for you as soon as you pay up, 
  as for what sort of car , it depends on what you 'll be using it for . 
  if it 's just city driving then you do n't need a big one . 
  if you 're driving across the country to visit family or w/e then you probably want something a bit more comfortable and economical that does n't feel like it 's going to fall apart at 100kph . 
  if you 're wanting to head up into the wops then look at something with 4wd , and so on . 
  pricing is an issue , it 's generally you get what you pay for . 
  i got my car for 3k , but it was on the lot for 5 . 
  also got them to waive all purchase fees , and throw in the inspection cost and a new wof . 
  anything less than 2k will probably die fairly soon , so spending a bit more means you will probably spend less in the long run . 
  also , check legislation around wofs etc. 
  post 2000 only needs a wof once a year instead of 6 months , so it 's half as much there . 
  buying a car it needs to have more than three months on it still i think too , so that 's worth mentioning . 
  happened to me too , except for the bitch of a classics external in level 3 where nearly everyone failed as it was completely different from all course material on it . 
  one girl broke into tears leaving the hall, 
  i 'm fully jealous of you lot - i 've only ever been free for one reddit meetup , and it was n't even really a meetup so much as / u/ekanttakephotos telling us how not to fuck up star shots, 
  i 've got work on thursday nights , so if you 're doing anything before about five or so i could be down for it, 
  all official documentation has it as aoraki / mt. 
  cook , but there 's not really any issues in calling it mt cook . 
  i doubt it 's chch - queenstown , more likely auckland - queenstown . 
  it 'd be too far west for chch imo, 
   the city may have many faults ,, 
  no you 're thinking of kaikoura, 
  removed , rule 1, 
  feel free to message the other mods for a second opinion if you disagree , but a couple passing references to new zealand do n't constitute enough grounds imo, 
  starting to freak out about my honours project , given that every topic i 've thought of has already been done . 
  just need to keep reading and figure out an approach , i suppose, 
  i 've got a supervisor , but he 's off in thailand until june so all comms . 
  is through email . 
  i 've talked to the department head too since i 'm on fairly good terms with him , and he 's pretty much just said to try and find a gap . 
  but i 'm thinking about completely changing my area of research , since i 'm not really feeling the one i 've got right now, 
  what 's censored in it normally ? 
  yeah , already been assigned a supervisor and started looking at one topic . 
  but it 's a fairly depressing topic for someone as liberal as me , and i 'm not sure i could figure out an angle that has n't been done , let alone keep it up for the whole year . 
  shit man , it was a joke . 
  lighten up, 
  i feel like i could do a great paper on it if it did n't have to be original , but all the stuff i think of has been done . 
  just flicked an email off to my supervisor asking about changing topics to something more in my wheelhouse , will see what he says, 
  oh lol , thought there was an actual song that was censored, 
  hey , it worked for kyle lockwood here , he got two of his in the bloody final four, 
  damn , some of those kids know their way round a nordic cross, 
  with regards to staring at the sun , i 'd go for [ this version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5gnyuyxb5e ) over that live version , with the inclusion of the strings . 
  though i also have a soft spot for the little guitar licks at the start of the version from popmart mexico . 
  yeah it 's a bit of a shame . 
  might be able to get rid of it with some fancy editing though, 
  good news !, 
  supervisor has n't gotten back to me yet , thinking of going in to see the hod tomorrow if there 's still no reply . 
  i 've got a full proposal due on the 7th so it 's going to be flat out either way , but i think i 'll be more screwed if i ca n't change as i still ca n't figure out an angle to work with . 
  there 's a fair bit of difference between ` not having any medicinal properties ' and ` not as good as proper antibotics ' - something can have medicinal / health benefits and still not compare to actual treatments, 
  not gon na lie it was pretty damn snarky, 
  i love how the plan to unify imperial and metric is to just make pounds equal to kilos, 
  should n't it be infinitvm xvii then ? 
  not sure why you think acrobat is a hot mess , it 's a fantastic song imo, 
  [ second congo war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_congo_war ) has already happened , which is also sometimes called the african world war , so that 's probably why they 're calling it the second african world war . 
  third congo war is probably a better name , though it too is sometimes used to describe some conflicts, 
  to be fair , it 's called the great african war too, 
  the first rule of journalism is , you do n't interfere, 
  should probably have a comma after the first one too, 
  please , if this is happening give us one polynesian civ instead of a blob of all of them, 
   editorializing titles tries to mask or change a story *** based on the bias of the submitter . 
  from the sidebar, 
  how is the title biased ? 
  that 's on the author of the article though , not on op . 
  the title is the subtitle of the whole piece, 
  i had a guy at work try to do that to me about evolution being false one time . 
  thankfully he was the sort to always be up for a debate , so every point they made i refuted, 
  does that mean things are back to happening ? 
  so many geologists here , you and / u/pebblezcrwd should catch up for a gneiss beer or two, 
  that 's one way to get him to stick around, 
  oh so he 's wanting to keep it casual i take it . 
  i thought it might have been one of those ' i was freaked out by how serious it was but i 'm okay with that ' type things, 
  sounds like you two just need to be straight up about it and go at your own pace , but do n't do something neither of you want to do because you both think the other wants it, 
  i think this is a bot , look at the post history, 
  * it 's the ciiiiircleeeeee of lifeeeeee *, 
  ended up going in to see the hod on monday - half an hour of waiting for a two minute convo , but at least i 've got the go ahead to change topics now . 
  still no reply from my supervisor either , so not quite sure what to do there, 
  yeah for sure , i can stop by for a bit, 
  shit , working in retail makes you think that 's much higher, 
  i thought / r/marton was at war with / r/masterton ? 
  / u/deadlift-friday, 
  lol you 're gon na miss me , i have to be at work by 6, 
  nah , stars stay the same size . 
  / r/marton is currently at war with / r/masterton for a spot on the sidebar , and since you already seem to be at war with / r/marton you can make it a three-way conflict for the spot . 
  in other words , there can be only one, 
  but that 's just a misleading comment . 
  plenty of places have names that are the same as the region - kansas city , mexico city , wellington / auckland as part of districts of the same name . 
  just because it 's also the name of the district does n't mean it 's not also a village, 
  yeah , it 's still got the same big album art as the old one , but even the smaller mini player is too big for me - was hoping there would be a way to make it smaller . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  i 'm not too fussed most of the time ( unless i 'm being pedantic to fuck with someone ) but i do have a couple pet peeves ( like the whole your / you 're thing ) . 
  though i do agree with / u/brooke _ girl that if it 's a professional context you damn well better proofread, 
  olicity just took a whole new turn, 
  water polo , i 'd assume, 
  australia would like a word with you, 
   it would have certainly beaten a spinosaurus, 
  on land , sure .
