  nah , it 's so far over the horizon they can only just see the tops of the stands to indicate where it is, 
  well fuck, 
  i never thought i 'd be relieved we made it over 50, 
  is it a decent car ? 
  hopefully better than 1,2 and 3 were, 
  come on , can still get a score of 400 from here, 
  yeah , but we were shit in 99, 
  okay , come on boys . 
  get 'em out for 160, 
  yeah , but losing to australia is as bad as stepping on lego . 
  you realise who bowled first , right ? 
  40 minute break for half time, 
  numb 's awesome , although i 'll agree the music video is a bit weird . 
  i 'm listening to a 2 hour achtung baby b-sides album video and came across [ an awesome track ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eb30ofhkji ) even i 'd never heard before, 
  we should just have weekly sledge threads in the off-season, 
  if nz win it it 'd be huge . 
  when we won the semi it was amazing , people were hugging complete strangers and dancing in the stands . 
  the whole country would be bleary eyed tomorrow but on a huge buzz, 
  oh my god , you need to listen to achtung baby asap . 
  it 's amazing . 
  [ acrobat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deuls4_bciu ) is probably my single most favourite u2 song - great guitar , mix of political and raw emotion and everything . 
  just wish they 'd play it live, 
  yeah , we definitely would have wanted 200 +, 
  they have , six times i think . 
  [ one tree hill ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t25spc5pqte ) is written about a roadie they had while in nz ( named after one tree hill in auckland ) , and when they [ performed it here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp8ru3mpobo ) on the u2360 tour they dedicated it to the pike river miners and had the names of the miners come up on the screen, 
  we fucked it up, 
  fuck it , i 'm going to bed . 
  night all, 
  i might do for a bit longer , if only because i 've got to write two essays in as many days and study for a midterm, 
  if you could find anything about bolshevik military strategies in the russian civil war that 'd be good, 
  maybe if we won , but even coming second wo n't do much here given the all blacks cult, 
  i 'm still holding out hope for an 8 wicket haul in the next 2 overs ... 
  are you me ? 
  i wrote most of my essays last year within a day of the due date , decided i was n't going to do that this year . 
  it 's now two days until the due date of two essays and i 've only started one of them , which was last night . 
  good morning everyone !, 
  today is monday the 30th of march . 
  on this day in american imperialism , in 1822 america created the territory of florida following winning it in a war against the spanish , in 1867 america purchased alaska from russia and in 1870 texas is readmitted to the union after a brief period of belonging to the confederacy . 
  in other news , batman made his first appearance in comics on this day in 1939 , and on this day in 1981 president reagan was shot . 
  before i say anything , does the no politics rule apply to just nz politics or worldwide politics ? 
  do n't worry , it 's a james bond sort of thing . 
  you 're just the latest in a series of batmen, 
  i 've somehow managed to get an a of some variety on all of my essays that i wrote the night before , even had feedback on one of them say it showed that i spent a lot of time working on it and polishing it, 
  can i just say that , with all due respect , i hate how it looks ? 
  do n't get me wrong , the image itself looked awesome , but i really do n't think it works as a header - it looks too dated . 
  i 'd prefer something that 's actually reminiscent of civ 5 's ui , like the pre-be css , or something which actually looks good and ties in with the rest of the skin . 
  if you look at the new style of css which is coming in to the default subs in particular , it looks really nice , clean and new . 
  this , i dunno . 
  it just seems really dated , and i 'd prefer instead getting a new look instead of one which looks like we 've gone backwards . 
  just my two cents though, 
  damn , there goes my aussie joke, 
  please can we actually wait before doing it ? 
  i do n't mean to sound rude but that looks just as dated as the header image , and does n't really fit the proper style of a snoo . 
  i 'm pretty sure / u/sukritact did an awesome snoo for / r/askhistorians , maybe he 'd be able to do one for here too ? 
  but why add a lack of net neutrality to the list ? 
  yes it may not be the most important issue , but if we have the ability to do something about it now we might as well take the opportunity while it 's there, 
  i do n't know about indians specifically , but there 's no way net neutrality in america was a local issue . 
  i know lots of people here in nz that were helping out as much as possible , submitting comments and all that . 
  i 'm sure it 'd be the same across all the different countries which use reddit, 
  i have a feeling that was n't the intended effect, 
  *** powerrrrr **** , with jezza , hamster and slowly *, 
  i 'm pretty sure having the sun in your eyes when you 're trying to hit a little white ball going at 140kph is going to be a fairly big issue . 
  are * . 
  sorry for potato grammar . 
  make sure you drive on the left, 
  no left turn at a red light , unless you 've got a [ green turning arrow ] ( http://www.nzta.govt.nz/resources/roadcode/gfx/stop-right-green-arrow-light.gif ) ( conversely , make sure you do n't turn if you 've got a [ red turning arrow but the light is green ] ( http://www.nzta.govt.nz/resources/roadcode/gfx/go-left-red-arrow-light.gif ) ), 
  yellow centerline on your side of the road means you 're not allowed to overtake , but being in a campervan that should n't be too much of an issue . 
  what i would suggest is that you be aware of cars behind you . 
  there 's nothing worse than being stuck behind a campervan driving over one of the passes where you ca n't overtake because the road is too windy / narrow , or where it 's too busy to do so . 
  if possible , pull over when there 's an area to do so and allow cars to pass , just to make everyone 's trip a bit more pleasant . 
  also gives an excuse to stop and take in the scenery in places you would n't normally do so in . 
  but other than that , it 's pretty much just do n't be a dick and be careful . 
  stop at stop signs , make sure you know who has right of way on one way bridges , do n't speed up in passing lanes ( unless you 're passing someone ) , do n't enter intersections if there 's no room for you on the other side , all that sort of thing . 
  also be considerate - if you 're in slow moving traffic and someone 's trying to turn onto your road , maybe slow down and flash your lights to let them out ? 
  maybe go for skinny ? 
  they use the same network as spark so you 'll have the same coverage , but are cheaper and focus more on prepaid package deals instead of monthly contract things ? 
  i 've had my phone switch into roaming mode a couple times while on holiday within nz, 
  i * think * it 's give way to the left , but you 'd probably want someone else to back me up on it since i 'm not sure . 
  generally there 'll be a stop sign or a give way sign on one of the streets , which would indicate who has to give way . 
  roundabouts might be a bit fun too if you have n't experienced them before , ca n't remember if they have them in the states, 
  i have a feeling it 's [ this one ] ( https://myspace.com/dannymcgirr/music/song/no-moa-83654650-92318154 ) , but clicking play seems to play a different song so i dunno, 
  well i 've really shot myself in the foot here . 
  ~ ~ two 400 word responses due tomorrow ~ ~ , a midterm exam tomorrow , and a 2000 word essay due tomorrow , none of which i 've started . 
  i got a 2 day extension on the essay because of a migrane , which means that my 2200 word essay due thursday comes first . 
  either way , i do n't see myself getting any sleep this week, 
  edit : finished the two 400 word responses :d, 
  does n't take much to know the difference between you 're and you `` re , either, 
  that 's been my issue for years . 
  every single high school assessment evaluation thing had ` time management ' under the ` what could you have done better ' bit, 
   do n't save important data on them . 
  did n't they rule through local princes in india though ? 
  when do we get the flairs unfaded ? 
  in all seriousness , my actual question is what the different parts of the innings are . 
  i see people talk about the powerplay all the time , is there anything special about it or is it just how the game is played ? 
  when i was half way through a three week trip in japan my memory card in my camera decided to corrupt itself . 
  i ended up having to format the thing , and was close to losing all of my photos from the first half of the trip ( including tokyo , kyoto and a homestay ) - had i not been backing up onto my ipad nightly i would have been fucked, 
  i ordered a roll of them , was supposed to show up a week ago but got an email yesterday saying there 'd been a delay and they 're not going to arrive until next friday : /, 
  link that op gave , or somewhere on there . 
  only preordered a couple weeks ago though , which might be why, 
  how long ago did you preorder yours ?
