  [ spotify link ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/pouakai/playlist/70vh180yvbxgsivzsvvq31 ), 
  it 's not like fptp where each area was all-or-nothing . 
  if you look at the map , the pale red areas only had the current flag ahead by 1-18 % - so the alternative would have still got a sizeable number of votes in those areas, 
  bola for the win, 
  from the sound of it you just need to be drunk and rowdy outside and he 'll do it willingly, 
  that 's why you do n't sit in the grandstand, 
  feel like they should n't have got rid of that military drumbeat when the door was opening , but still works bloody well, 
  petrol stations are normally open , might be able to get something there ? 
  hans and like five others quit when that whole thing went down . 
  it 's sad, 
  depends - we got there early enough and set up shop right on the fenceline - saw everything easily and was able to actually have room to move because we set up the chairs to cordon the picnic blanket off, 
  let me know what the story is if you hear back ? 
  american independence - redcoats vs america ? 
  played a game on twp , can confirm . 
  how did i not get this until now, 
  red and black i might have actually considered , though i 'd still prefer one of the other designs . 
  that said , i reckon we make [ this one ] ( https://www.govt.nz/assets/flags-designs/30754-nz-flag-final114.jpg ) from the long list the flag of the ross dependency, 
  i think so , not 100 % though . 
  it 's illegal for most places to be open on good friday and easter sunday , but i think food places ( restaurants etc ) are exempt . 
  no politics, 
  removed , rule 12, 
  i think the lighter blue looks better for an antarctic flag personally , the darker blue would look too dark, 
  i was assuming fishing tackle given the username, 
  i tried that stuff once , it was ... interesting ... 
  looks like there 's a new travel agent in town !, 
  how long are you out here for ? 
  travelling alone or with others ? 
  any particular interests that you 'd want to do while you 're here ? 
  can you drive ( eg would you rent a car or bus ), 
  removed , rule 5, 
  quiet here this morning - nothing but the quiet sound of `` the mods are corrupt wankers '' coming from more throwaway accounts . 
  what 's the best time to go to the supermarket today ? 
  need to get booze for tonight , but feel like it 's gon na be the usual shops are closed doomsday panic in them, 
  neither 's really an option , i 'm at work all day so it 'd be sitting in the car in the sun all day , and it 's for tonight, 
  only when it 's someone who creates twenty new accounts to give the impression that it 's more widespread . 
  every time i hear from them it 's a new account , though it 's still the same guy . 
  i 'm more than happy to listen if genuine users have genuine concerns , but when it 's someone with a bee in their bonnet who is n't going to be happy until this place shuts down then there 's nothing i can do, 
  lazer kiwi is not a joke . 
  lazer kiwi is new zealand at its best, 
  so although the process was bad , and the shortlist was horrible , there were still some decent designs in the mix . 
  this one feels as though it would fit in and represent antarctica well , particularly new zealand 's claimed [ ross dependency ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/antarctica%2c_new_zealand_territorial_claim.svg/806px-antarctica%2c_new_zealand_territorial_claim.svg.png ) . 
  currently the ross dependency just uses the nz flag , which is boring , and the only proposed flag is [ the nz one with a light blue background and a white strip at the bottom ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/flag_of_the_ross_dependency_%28unofficial%29.svg/960px-flag_of_the_ross_dependency_%28unofficial%29.svg.png ) . 
  i reckon this one could easily do a better job, 
  not more drama , some guy trying to take out his vendetta again by dredging stuff up from last time, 
  pls, 
  i swear this will happen as soon as i leave for work though . 
  which is kind of funny , given one of the shortlist is literally painted on the side of all our national carrier 's planes, 
  seems to be , he 's still posting screenshots and trying to discredit people . 
  i downloaded it yesterday , have n't had a chance to play around with it yet . 
  going down south in a couple weeks though , so should be good fun, 
  silver efex or something innit ? 
  it 's getting there - he has n't let up after like a year or so , and that 's just the bit i know about, 
  only just sorted it out , and might need to change plans if the coast keeps flooding, 
  i think it 's the whole `` no one has to be at work tomorrow '' thing, 
  please note that ` revisionist history ' is not a valid report reason, 
  yeah , for that reason, 
  and now i 've been reported for bourgeoisie propaganda, 
  removed , rule 12, 
  do n't forget to factor in accommodation and all that shit too, 
  looks fairly well planned and a decent route . 
  having te anau as a base is fine , it 's what i 'm about to do in a couple weeks anyway . 
  good thing about that is it means if you 're able to get on the road before 10-ish then you 're ahead of all the tour busses which leave from queenstown , so you 'll actually have time to enjoy the place without competing with hundreds of other tourists . 
  petrol stations wo n't be a concern , as long as you 're not an idiot about it . 
  each of the places you 're staying ( with the possible exception of mt cook ) have a petrol station , as well as a bunch of the smaller towns along the way . 
  the coast is a bit more sparse , but if you fill up in hokitika then you should be right , though franz has a petrol station too . 
  nah , they 're being smart . 
  if you only have twelve days in nz then you do n't try and do everything , you take one part and do that properly then come back later for the other one, 
  removed , rule 8, 
  i 've heard that before ... 
  two sicilies ai n't got nothing on this, 
  removed , rule 8, 
  in my defence i read it as queenstown first time round, 
  they should make a deal , even though nothing works like that, 
  eh , 6 and one . 
  i 've made it right up the coast and across to springfield from cromwell on a single tank before - it was n't comfortable , but we did it . 
  filling up in hokitika should be more than enough to get down to wanaka, 
   there is nothing in the act to say they can require a bond . 
  there 's nothing to say they ca n't require a bond either though, 
  pfft , that would never happen, 
  hey , looks like you 've been shadowbanned . 
  should check with the admins to find out why, 
  you might be surprised at how little of the state highway network around those areas actually has coverage . 
  milford sound is okay because it 's such a big tourist area , but often while you 're out on the road between places you wo n't get any coverage at all, 
  oh cool , i just realised i could see your account and thought i 'd messed up somewhere . 
  glad it 's all worked out !, 
  i think you could salvage it . 
  have oliver go off the rails with the grave scene , and bring back some of that season 1 darkness to it . 
  have him still get beaten up , sure , but if he 's not holding back he can put up way more of a fight and have it more daredevil style of taking a beating than it is currently . 
  have the teammates try to bring him back , essentially have laurel do for him what he did for her in s2, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  i 'm not here 24/7 , you know ... 
  i thought it was vexillologist ? 
  just keep telling yourself that ... 
  like the others have said , i 'm not religious in the slightest but still love u2 . 
  most of the songs have some level of interpretation to them - i 'd imagine i hear * i still have n't found what i 'm looking for * very differently to someone who sings it as a gospel song , or that by hearing * in a little while * as a love song it 's different altogether to someone who hears it as a religious song . 
  apparently some people even interpret vertigo as a religious song , which is kind of interesting . 
  but even for their songs that are overtly religious , i still listen to them and enjoy them . 
  the vertigo tour closer of yahweh / 40 is gorgeous , and i still have n't found ... sounds bloody amazing as a gospel song . 
  i love those posts , especially when there 's a bit of wider talk about the album as a whole since sometimes the song ca n't really be discussed without taking the context in . 
  shocked at the lack of r&h though .
