  i 'm guessing that must be working at play-doh ? 
  i 'm still getting over a cold i 've had for the past two weeks , i hate it . 
  had to try and write a bloody essay in the middle of it , too, 
  maybe try opening the box next time before eating it ? 
  livable houses are an extra $ 1000 per week, 
  how far back are we talking ? 
  i 've found sometimes that if i 've done something stupid or been a dick or whatever trying to sort things out with the other people involved helps, 
  nah , * `` when asked about the matter mr. joyce said that the new flag was ` pretty legal ' and that he was n't concerned with the move of the chinese company '' *, 
  were there people involved , or was it entirely just you ? 
  oh cool , so you 're here for the full year ? 
  ah well , i still find talking about it with someone tends to help if you 've got someone to listen . 
  i 'd watch that movie, 
  i 'm sure someone would . 
  hell , i 'd listen if you want to talk to me about it . 
  i may not have any psychological training but i always seem to be the one everyone asks for advice , for what it 's worth, 
  yeah , that 's a lot like me . 
  but still , if you 're comfortable talking about it i 've found it 's a huge help, 
  damn , that sucks . 
  i suppose the thing to keep in mind is that you 've improved since then , and to pretty much say fuck it , like sparrow said, 
  no , but the team he 's got behind him is . 
  i ca n't see them being able to survive so much if they did n't know what they 're doing, 
  yeah , they fixed it with the final patch, 
  i dunno , i kind of believe the kid stupid enough to ring the police and report that he was robbed in the middle of a drug deal, 
   tips, 
  insect repellent . 
  lots of it . 
  i wonder if that 's pele ? 
  if so , it might mean it 's more a mixed up polynesia than any specific one , but will need to wait and see, 
  might also mean that no-one else is allowed to use maui ever again thanks to disney 's copyright theiving, 
  no no , you 're thinking of australia . 
  it 's completely different . 
  they 're like `` where 's the car ? '', 
  and we 're like `` where 's the car ? '', 
  well yeah , but it 's whether it 's a non-specific polynesian landscape or whether it 's one which takes specific elements of various different polynesian mythologies - pele from hawaiian , maui from maori etc ( i know maui is more than just maori but it 's an example ), 
  no , but they can severely limit the capacity for anyone else to make a version of it in the future , as they have done with most of their fairy tales, 
  are you grandpa abe ? 
  damn , your stories are just like his, 
  i dunno , yours definitely have the same lack of coherence of his , and yet still make sense like his , so if not then you 're getting there, 
   there is a cost to society for resettling refugees versus relative population size . 
  versus relative population size we 're doing [ absolutely rubbish ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpl1/t31.0-8/s960x960/11754506_10153595753263530_5378711354962877745_o.jpg ) - there 's no excuse for our poor performance , and if we 're going to trumpet human rights on the world stage then we should put our money where our mouth is and act on it, 
  eh , it 's semantics but it 's a distinction worth making - all asylum seekers are refugees , but not all refugees are asylum seekers . 
  generally the un based quotas come from proper refugee camps , whereas the current crisis in europe is an asylum seeker one as they are attempting to reach the country first and then plead refugee status . 
  surely that 's still better than no action ? 
  the daily mail is n't exactly a reputable source . 
  either way , it 's a humanitarian crisis regardless of whether or not you 've got the boogeyman of isis involved . 
  yep , because sweden is currently undergoing a meltdown of society due to being overwhelmed with refugees, 
  to be fair , there was n't the same level of refugee crisis as there is now back when they were in power, 
  what about the thousands of refugees we 've taken in already , how have they ruined new zealand society ? 
  probably a bit late , but there 's a script you can set up that opens the cd draw every 10 minutes and runs on startup, 
  saudi arabia is n't exactly a shining beacon to aspire to, 
  i presume you 'd have some sort of filter so that only the serious flags were eligible ? 
  otherwise we 'd be flying the laser kiwi from the beehive in no time, 
  how exactly are we beggars ? 
  this flag actually made the long list of 40 , just not the final four . 
  i 'd argue instead it had more to do with ~ ~ his highness ~ ~ john key wanting a fern on the flag , so the final four included three ferns and one baby fern . 
  i think 1:2 is better , given that 's the current ratio of the nz flag, 
  fair enough , i can see how it 'd look stretched at 1:2 given how stretched it looks already, 
  okay , well , first of all i 'm actually a white guy who has lived in nz my whole life ( i say white because i feel it 'd be important to someone using such bigoted language ) - i said we because your argument is so damn convoluted that it 's impossible to figure out what you 're actually trying to say . 
  and even though i 'm half convinced you 're just a troll account , i 'm still going to try and respond to what i think you 're on about . 
  if you 're trying to say that we should n't accept refugees because saudi arabia does n't accept them , then you 're trying to equate apples with oranges because saudi arabia has an appalling human rights record while we publicly champion them on the world stage . 
  we should be striving to do the right thing regardless of what other countries do , especially regardless of what someone as fucked up as saudi arabia does . 
  if you 're trying to say that they should go there instead then it 's still a pointless argument , as we should n't be turning around and saying `` it 's someone else 's problem '' - someone needs to do something , and we should n't wait on others to act before doing anything . 
  that 's kind of different , given they were never actually part of the empire in the first place . 
  king kamehameha put it on the flag because he thought it looked cool and that the brits were decent guys, 
  i dunno , i 'm waiting for them to steal our new design if we change our flag, 
  i dunno , i think it looks kind of empty and lopsided . 
  does n't really do much for the biculturalism we 've got here either, 
  we have n't gone lynch-mob on the current flag , we 've gone lynch-mob on the proposed replacements . 
  to get a bit of context , for as long as john key has been in power ( elected in 2008 ) he 's used changing the flag [ as a smoke screen ] ( http://liberation.typepad.com/.a/6a00d83451d75d69e201a73d6b27c2970d-pi ) any time there 's been a political scandal or crisis for his party . 
  instead of honing in on the scandal and damaging national 's ( his political party , center-right and currently a near majority ) reputation , the media would jump on the flag bandwagon , leaving national and john key to get away scot-free ( leading to one of his many nicknames - teflon john . ), 
  following his second re-election last year ( in an election that resulted in extremely heavy drinking on my part ) he decided he would make changing the flag a priority , and despite the [ many other more important issues currently facing the country ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xtf1/v/t1.0-9/11949469_918041324934199_5241738719077517935_n.jpg?oh=f1635a92402e544c83e70303235295eb&amp;oe=56670dfb&amp;__gda__=1449985184_e24e5d87ee1e586d1c5cbd7eceea40df ) , he is focusing full steam on getting this flag changed . 
  to go about this , the government put together a group of [ prominent new zealanders ] ( https://www.govt.nz/browse/engaging-with-government/the-nz-flag-your-chance-to-decide/the-panel/ ) whose job it was to chose a list of forty flags out of the roughly 10,000 submitted designs , and then from that a final list of four . 
  the [ final list of four ] ( http://www.radiosport.co.nz/media/11448034/four-flags-shortlist-nz-flag-referendum-supplied.jpg?mode=crop&amp;width=435&amp;height=270&amp;quality=80&amp;scale=both ) have faced huge criticism , mainly because two are just colour variations but otherwise identical , one is a [ corporate logo ] ( http://www.thebigidea.co.nz/files/imagecache/display/images/nzte_logo_black.jpg ) and the other is a fairly uninspiring koru design . 
  all four of them feature some variation of the fern ( conveniently john key 's favourite motif for the flag ) , two are pretty much identical and none of them are particularly convincing as flags ( as one commenter put it , they 're logos - not flags ), 
  this is a pretty basic overview and there 's a lot more complexity to it in arguments for and against the referendums , but it 's enough to get a decent understanding of what 's at hand . 
  [ this comic ] ( http://thewireless.co.nz/articles/the-pencilsword-flagpole-blues ) explains it pretty well too . 
  not yet , we 're still waiting on art . 
  aiming for within a couple months though , or potentially a playable beta sooner which is still missing some art, 
  * `` no fern , no flag . 
  i think having five leaders in three years was a fairly big factor against labour in the last election, 
  eh , it 's still not an election year . 
  i 'd like to hope it has an effect , but i would n't i be surprised if middle nz completely forgets about it by the election, 
  bloody hell balchy , these people are supposed to be getting away from crimes against humanity, 
  i 'm pretty sure he used to be on horrible histories too , remember seeing a british empire video which had someone that was either him or someone just like him, 
  must be those damn brits trying to take back our country, 
  although it 's still probably about the same as what you 'd pay to attend uni in america, 
  what are the two that do n't offer accredited degrees ? 
  is that only for planning , or overall ? 
  i 'll do a proper write-up when i get home ( at uni now ) but it 'll depend on when you go and to a large degree what the weather 's like . 
  any idea on when you 're coming down ? 
  also on if you 're wanting to do primarily nature shots or if you 'd want to try your hand at some astrophotography or cultural stuff too, 
  oi mate , you bringing the sheila round to watch the footy at shazza 's ? 
  shit sorry , i forgot . 
  will do it tomorrow , promise, 
  only the day before ? 
  i would have thought as part of the empire that canada would have declared war back in 1939 with the brits and the other commonwealth countries, 
  new zealand here , our pm does n't listen to us either . 
  are you talking about / u/barmyinpalmy or about palmerston north ? 
  you know i ca n't grab your ghost chips, 
  not really - people are still donating to tpangolin alone when the vast majority of the work which went into making all the civs which people know and love within the battle royale was actually done by other authors , even on cl civs .
