  that one you linked to ) then it 's not really an ideal headline . 
  sorry , i meant to get back to you on that when you asked why i removed it . 
  i agree that one is in kind of another grey area , where it 's technically a factual title but feels editorialised . 
  i ended up erring on the side of removing it , mainly because i felt the use of stuff like `` another case of ... '' and `` except this time ... '' gave it a bit of an implicit bias . 
  in hindsight it already had a fair bit of discussion going so i probably should have just let you know about the title instead of removing it , so i do apologise for that, 
  that 's my main concern here - if he breaks off a chunk of labour / greens voters but does n't reach 5 % it could be the difference to get national back in power again, 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  it 's a tough one because they are so subjective , so there 's by default a fairly large grey area . 
  but you can discuss that - you can make a self post talking about it , you can link to an investigative piece about it , or talk about it in the comments of another post . 
  i completely get where you 're coming from on it , and would love to try and figure out another way to approach the issue ( maybe through a weekly current affairs post where we talk about a certain issue ? ), 
  i do n't think the rules are too complicated personally , they seem fairly straightfoward to me ( albeit with a bit of a grey area ) - but if there is something confusing then let us know and we 'll do our best to alleviate that . 
  yeah for sure , this tends to be our ( or at least my ) policy when there 's a submission with an editorialised title that has been up for a while with a decent discussion going, 
  this is pretty much how i try to enforce it , with the added criteria of bias on non-political issues, 
  shit when * you 're * telling people they 're whingers you know things have gotten bad, 
  mind if we put this in the sidebar ? 
  sweet - any chance you can send it over ? 
  i ca n't download it from your flickr, 
  why so , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i 'm not seeing anything in your post history that got removed , have you got some examples ? 
  have you ever * been * on a road trip ? 
  no politics, 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/605/ ), 
  is roy morgan the one that shoots all over the place , or am i getting confused again ? 
  removed , rule 8, 
  removed , rule 6, 
  the main significance i can see it having is for entrance into higher level classes . 
  if you 're wanting to go onto something which requires , say , physics or calculus , it may be more difficult to get into those at level 2 with average level 1 results . 
  as far as unis are concerned , they 're not too fussed so long as you get ue, 
  * we did it !, 
  no politics, 
  shit sleep last night from the wind and rain , with another full day of work ahead . 
  at least the manager is back today so i can sort out hours and find out whether the people saying i should be fired are getting it from anywhere or are just being dicks, 
  that would require you to watch family feud though, 
  i 'd have thought the lesson from nms was the opposite . 
  people got real shitty because there was no communication whatsoever from the dev team after release , making it look like they took the money and ran . 
  more communication and them going `` yeah we fucked up , we 'll fix this '' would have gone a long way imo, 
  i tend to think the same , my position is kind of one which does n't have any set category and everyone thinks i do something different - so i 'll be working the whole day , but most of the time people will think i 'm not doing my job because of what they think my job is . 
  still , it 's always good to find out if you 're doing something wrong and can sort it out, 
  i 'm gon na remove this under rule 6 - there are a few comments already , but not many are actually on the subject . 
  feel free to message the mods if you disagree and want a second opinion , or alternatively resubmit with a better title / as a self post with other links and your opinion in it, 
  chur for being understanding, 
  where would this big tree have been in the photo , so i know what i 'm looking at ? 
  my cat decided to wake me up at five again for some water , it 's not like the other door to the bathroom was open or anything little piece of shit, 
  okay you lot , reckon this comes under rule 12 ? 
  where are you coming from ? 
  buffer day is probably a very good idea , especially if from further than australia . 
  okay , first of all can i have a link to the thread you 're talking about ? 
  secondly , this is a thread about a protest in new zealand , so it is relevant to rule 8 . 
  a thread about the election is n't , mainly because new zealand is n't america . 
  go with the athena version , they spring in full battle armour from the father 's head when you strike it with an axe, 
  i feel like this is actually a good move - you start out with something like this , get them questioning it from the coercive angle ( for lack of a better term , ) then turn around later when they 're already in that mood and offer them a good deal . 
  it makes them more likely to take it than starting with the good deal from the get-go, 
  i need to find a good osteo - went to a chiro round the corner for a bit , but was way too airy-fairy `` chiro cured my hayfever and gave me joy ! '', 
  for my liking, 
  oh man i love north african inspired shit . 
  wish we had more decent places in chch . 
  though there is this afghan guy who runs a little tiny place a tad bigger than a hole-in-the-wall joint who is cool . 
  he has no menu , just asks how many of you there are and he 'll bring out some food for you . 
  awesome experience, 
  this is why i never go near high edges, 
  i swear you have the best job ever, 
  i ca n't remember the name of the place , would need to check with the guys from work that have been more times than i have . 
  iirc it 's on lincoln road somewhere, 
  shame to see i still have n't found got out before with or without you - i 've never really clicked with wowy , and the only time i 've ever kind of been a fan was with the live `` shine like stars '' verse . 
  fiordland begs to differ, 
  why is it so damn hard to just get someone to straighten my back out without any of this mumbo jumbo rubbish ? 
  not in chch by any chance ? 
  damn, 
  used to go to one before the quakes that had up to date nat geos in the wait room , which would probably be a good sign, 
  nice try , officer . 
  actually woke up without having had a shit sleep today , which is a nice . 
  10 hour shift at work today so i 'll need it , hopefully things are n't too busy . 
  does it count if there was n't actually any dating involved ? 
  i 've got one , but i got yelled at last time i brought it up because she uses ( used ? ), 
  reddit actively too, 
  she does n't come round these parts anymore ( seems to exclusively post on / r/the _ donald ) but i 'm sure she still reads my post history from time to time . 
  long story short , this is back at high school ( four years ago now , shit ) - she was in the year below , i knew her through a couple of things and we were on decent enough terms . 
  she started hanging out with us , and people start saying they reckon she had a thing for me , i eventually asked her and she admitted she did , saying said her friends thought i felt the same . 
  i did n't . 
  cue the next six months of her trying to convince me and my mates that i did , and that i was actually just playing some complicated mind game version of hard to get . 
  some friends took my side and talked to her about it , others i lost over the whole thing . 
  she ended up kissing me on the way to class and then never talking to me again . 
  still have n't spoken to her since - she 's best friends with one of my best friends though , and until she left in a huff over this coming up we 'd speak regularly on here . 
  while this was going on , i decided to finally man up and ask out that girl from the japan trip i mentioned the other day . 
  she said yes , which was awesome , but then things went sideways because as it turns out she was friends with the other girl , who convinced her that i was just using her to make the other girl jealous . 
  ended up not even making it to the first date because of this , which is a real shame because she 's an amazing girl , but i do n't hold anything against her since she was just being a good friend based on what she thought at the time . 
  yeah , but she seems to be happy now so that 's the main thing anyway , no ill will or anything there on my part . 
  plus it was like four years ago so i 'd be a bit of a dick if there was . 
  i mean , she did send like a three page letter about it via a mutual friend - in which she never once accepted that i did n't have a thing for her , and accused my friends of keeping us apart - but i 've never actually spoken to her in person since . 
  she 's flatting with a mate of mine from work over summer though , they talked of having a bbq for the laughs but that did n't end up happening, 
  i was half expecting that to happen to be honest , was glad when it did n't . 
  what ended up happening in your case ? 
  screw it , this can be the main congrats post . 
  we 've also changed the css in honour of the occasion and to mark our position as a main source of national news, 
  we can make it permanent for you, 
  nah , subscriptions are only counted when at least one default sub is unsubbed from, 
  reddit purged a bunch of old and ghost accounts , so lots of subs lost a fair few subscribers, 
  i 'd say so , though we 'd need to do a fair bit of scraping to figure it out, 
  oi be nice, 
  mine 's about thinking everyone just tolerates me !,
