  if it 's normal , at what point would it start to become a concern ? 
  it was his first car i think , and just never got a new one . 
  he was busy telling us when he was about to propose to his then-girlfriend how the ring was worth more than his car , and it was n't an expensive ring, 
   our earthquake system needs to record an event on 10 seismographs, 
  could you elaborate a bit more on this ? 
  are smaller earthquakes ( < 2 ish ) still able to be picked up on at least 10 seismographs , and if not how are they confirmed as earthquakes ? 
  just found the part that was causing your comments to be removed , hopefully there wo n't be any more issues now !, 
  how much involvement does geonet have with international agencies ( particularly the pacific tsunami warning center ) when something like a tsunami from a pacific rim earthquake or a major local earthquake happens ? 
  awesome , thanks for the response - i 'd assume that relates to importance too , it 's more important to know about earthquakes around ruapehu that could signify an eruption coming than it is to know about ones in relatively stable southland , right ? 
  looks like you 've just missed him , though it sounds like he may be back later on . 
  i 'd love to know this too , the only whiskey i 've tried was cheap and nasty - want a recommendation of a decent one, 
  i know as seismologists this may be a bit out of your wheelhouse , but how has the dart river valley changed since the big landslide a couple years ago ? 
  has the water broken through and the lake drained , or is it slowly becoming a more permanent fixture of the landscape ? 
  why do you think i said it 's not important to know about earthquakes down there ? 
  about ten liquor stores in a five block radius ( probably more actually ) but i do n't think any are specialty whiskey stores, 
   ( incidentally , my husband stole my sweet , sweet karma about this in a recent post about nz police ), 
  i was about to say , i swear i 've seen that before . 
  that 's an awesome story , glad he ( and you ) shared it !, 
  no worries , thanks so much for stopping by !, 
  hopefully we can arrange more stuff soon !, 
  that 's something - i 've heard people talk about the potential for an underwater landslide to trigger a tsunami in kaikoura . 
  how exactly does this work ? 
  i can understand how a normal landslide would , but surely all the water is already displaced if the material is underwater to begin with ? 
  if it 's genuinely an article like that , you can message the mods and they 'll look into it . 
  wait , you 've got the offer before the interview ? 
  oh right , makes sense . 
  sounds like my application for my current job, 
  it 's on netflix , i believe the plan is for it to be kind of like a live discussion thread with geonet commenting on inaccuracies and answering questions and all that - it 's being done alongside us , it 's not an actual event so-to-speak, 
  completely accurate - tornadoes feed off the hatred in the sharks , which turns them into essentially perpetual motion . 
  why do you think fish swim in a circle when they 're surrounded by sharks ? 
  it 's not by choice , it 's an underwater tornado ( whirlpool ? ), 
  at which point we actually have a reason to look at the flag and do it properly . 
  i still maintain that we could do with a new flag , but i want to make sure it 's done well instead of getting a shitty alternative, 
  eh , it 's still better than the alternate they put up, 
  right , time for another tune thursday . 
  since i promised it last week but forgot it was st patrick 's day , i 'm gon na go with songs to listen to while you 're stuck in traffic . 
  also because i 'm running out of ideas , but yeah . 
  spotify list soon, 
  i was thinking of trying a genre thing ( eg . 
  favourite blues song or whatever ) but that could work too . 
  i like that idea , takes the pressure off me . 
  still think it works better in the daily though as opposed to its own thread, 
  nah , i 'll put up a page on the wiki and use that instead . 
  i 've already started doing separate playlists instead of overwriting it every time like coder used to do, 
  has to be at least 51 % of it . 
  proof of identity has been provided to the mods , can confirm this person is a ( former ? ), 
  youi employee, 
  yeah , i just was n't 100 % sure and wanted to keep it as non-specific as possible given the nature of it, 
  what the fuck , that sounds like a fucking cartel or the cia or some shit like that . 
  got ta collect my 50 cents, 
  yeah , i 've used it before . 
  subreddit for it at / r/remindmebot - used to send a confirmation comment , i think now it just sends a pm . 
  gorgeous song on a gorgeous album . 
  i like the more acoustic versions better , it 's just something about the quiet resignation in the song that comes though and makes it special . 
  really hits home in a way like some of the other comments have said , and for a personal link to the song a while ago ( funnily enough as a result of being in a place where i saw 7/11s for the first time ), 
  might throw in `` the distance '' too, 
  each slide has a jolly roger, 
  iirc rongotai was a tidal flat sort of thing - low tide was mostly exposed , but it was submerged at high tide . 
  sailing might have been a bit tough , but it would have been water, 
  as well as what the others have said , i suppose the `` not that i have anything against germans '' comment might be interpreted as implying that he has a thing against israelis . 
  seems like a massive overreaction , but in a case like this i would n't be surprised if that 's what they were getting at, 
  had a couple reports of it on / r/newzealand too, 
  goddamnit , perfect pun right there and i missed it . 
  ah well , it 'll have to be the one that got away, 
  i can see your comments , is this fixed ? 
  it 's only some comments , i submitted one after they started coming back and it 's not showing up, 
  is n't it a bit late for that though ? 
  do n't they go round saying you need to send it in by monday for it to reach there in time ? 
  sitewide glitch , they 're working on fixing it now, 
  that one showed up . 
  that 's what i thought you said, 
  it was n't similar at all , it was half black , half white and already sitting on airports across the country, 
  this is me - as far as i 'm concerned , if we change now we wo n't get another shot . 
  by voting for the original flag we 'll get another chance later down the line , at which point we can do it properly and get a decent design . 
  either way , we 're more likely to get another shot now than we would 've been if the other one had gotten in . 
  one of the big driving factors for the pro-change group was having the union jack there - if we become a republic in the future , that comes back up as an issue , whereas if we did n't have it then it would n't be a factor for change . 
  it comes up every couple of decades or so , which it would n't if it had already been changed . 
  besides , there are better ways to have done it which would n't have costed as much , and there are ways to have done it where we 'd actually have a decent counter-proposal . 
  it 's the paratrooper flag too , is n't it ? 
  even when / if we become a republic we do n't need to change it , the r can just go from `` royal '' to `` republic of '', 
  eh , cultural appropriation is n't seen as much as an issue in nz , given they 're already fairly intertwined . 
  the main issue was some iwi saying the flag did n't represent them and that they were going to challenge it, 
  as venice ? 
  that would be traumatic, 
  it counts as politics already , no need to include the flag specifically, 
  i was going to do one , but was at work and did n't realise until it was too late, 
  have fun - i went a couple years ago , it was awesome . 
  not going this time round since i could n't get saturday off , but heading down that way in a couple weeks anyway, 
  there is a bit of separation - pakeha do n't have that marae connection and everything - but there is also a fair bit of overlap . 
  most kiwi kids ( pakeha , maori , asian , pacific islander and so on ) all learn and know maori waiata , will know how to perform haka , and use some maori words on a daily basis . 
  every time a school gets an important visitor or a new intake they 'll often perform a powhiri too . 
  so i mean , while there are still distinct parts of the culture , it 's definitely more than just `` we treated them better . '', 
  i read something once ( ca n't for the life of me remember where ) that was saying that nz english could feasibly become its own language in the future due to the amount of maori used too, 
  edit : that said , there are some sticking points as you mentioned . 
  not so much cultural appropriation on a widespread scale , but maori elders still do n't approve of pakeha leading haka , which is often why you 'll have a maori guy leading the all blacks haka instead of the captain, 
  [ . png mirror for anyone who ca n't view the . svg ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/new_zealand_flag_referendum_two_2016.svg/2000px-new_zealand_flag_referendum_two_2016.svg.png ), 
  i was just going off the rnzaf wikipedia page which lists it as that, 
  can only get paid so much to shill , still need to pay bills, 
  comments fucked up yesterday so i lost about half of the tune thursday submissions - theme was songs to be stuck in traffic to , but i 'll extend it to driving songs and have it today as well . 
  so if anyone has favourite driving songs , now 's the chance .
