  maybe it 's the summers spent in arrowtown as a kid , but i love it in queenstown . 
  sure it 's way too busy over new years , but it 's still a cool little town, 
  you joke , but someone actually did chop down * the * joshua tree from the cover, 
  a field, 
  be sure to take insect repellent though . 
  a lot of it . 
  what the fuck sort of store charges that much for shipping ? 
  i 'd presume it 'd mean you can build without fear of hitting the complexity limit, 
  is the complaint here that it 's moa or that it 's pale ale ? 
  i do n't mind moa , though i do n't care for pale ale in general, 
  removed under rule 6, 
  rotary 's ? 
  a damn nice roast chicken with homemade gravy , some potatoes and veges, 
  we had a free afternoon there on the school trip and just sat on the yamanote line for a couple rotations . 
  got off at the next stop over from where we started and only paid like $ 1.50, 
  oh yeah , odaiba is cool . 
  we took the monorail out to there, 
  oh of course , that 'd make sense, 
  but it encourages that behaviour , whereas only clicking on good journalism encourages that . 
  he obviously knows your place m8, 
  removed for posting personal information, 
  is n't that photo already on a wall in town down here ? 
  i think we 're going to be better than that , and some art will stay , but how much of it remains to be seen, 
  literally even included / u/grumpysimon, 
  oi looks like you 're shadowbanned , hit up the admins, 
  quick reminder that any form of doxxing or revealing personal information is against the rules and will be removed . 
  all your comments get removed automatically and your user profile is hidden ( shows up as user not found ), 
  i 'm sure you can get some at an open home, 
  i do n't see why it would be , or how it could be enforced, 
   on the other hand , laos and myanmar are a bit too backwater for my liking . 
  still lovely but you do n't get the bang for your buck like in cambodia and vietnam . 
  one of the guys at work just came back from myanmar and absolutely loved it , said it was like thailand without the seediness and with extra culture, 
  alternatively drive down from auckland , desert road is always great . 
  then do the ferry from welly and do the loop to chch, 
  i 'm always keen to help - ca n't attest to how much time i 'll have just yet given i 'm in honours , but would be more than happy to do something . 
  would also like to get in touch about doing some form of a series of posts about music that might not necessarily conform to the exact rules , but are still about new music exposure . 
  mainly i had in mind a series on new zealand music ( similar to [ what i did ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/37vlql/patea_maori_club_poi_e_nz_music_month_day_31/ ) for new zealand music month a couple years ago , ) with music that might have more than 500,000 hits on youtube but was almost entirely localised within new zealand . 
  any reason this was a double episode ? 
  they were n't related at all , unlike most double episodes which are two parters, 
  i really hope they do it scooby-doo style and have all the star labs gang standing round for it, 
  onthefence is pretty good closer to the election , reasonably non-biased and will say which major party you align with, 
  iirc it was , until the government changed regulations on trucking which meant more cargo could be shipped via road instead of rail . 
  that 's still changing regulations , regardless of how you view it . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure technically all laws are artificial barriers , but anyway . 
  as far as the actual subject goes , keeping trucks off the roads in favour of an expanded rail network would do wonders for both road safety and the environment , due to the lack of emissions . 
  i fail to see how it would be a bad thing . 
   the definiton of neoliberalism . 
  most people would say it mean privatisation and decreasing the size of government . 
  ok that 's fair but then people brand blair and too a lesser extent obama and even helen clark as neoliberal , when all of them did the opposite of those things . 
  because that 's not all that neoliberalism is . 
  it 's also the expansion of globalisation and free trade , which all three of those people you cited were huge supporters of . 
  look at the tpp for obama , and the free trade deal with china under clark . 
  the adverse affects of this are that you end up with massive job losses in western countries as manufacturing moves offshore to countries with cheaper labour . 
   the second is the idea that anyone in labour actually follows the idea of neoliberalism . 
  who in the current labour party has ever advocated selling off assets ? 
  see above point about trade aspects of neoliberalism, 
   the biggest fallacy is separating the people who want to win back the working class and the centrists . 
  this bit i 'll actually agree with you on . 
  though i will say that policies which traditionally support the working class are very much left wing , which for some reason people have been conned into not supporting thinking it does them no favours . 
  it 's what happens in america , where the working class oppose tax on multi-million dollar inheritances as it 's framed as coming after their grandparents instead of the actual benefit behind it , or that they 're voting against their interests as * they 'll be millionaires someday too !, 
   but do n't pretend the majority of people share that belief . 
  i feel like a lot more people actually have those beliefs than we see in voting figures , and it needs someone like bernie to actually come along and explain what 's meant by socialism and that it is n't some evil stalinist plot . 
  i 'm not saying everyone has those beliefs , just that the percentage who would support democratic socialism would be greater if it were actually explained properly . 
   or that the main problem of the left is the spectre of neoliberalism and how people are n't actually voting in their best interest . 
  it 's not the main problem , but it definitely is * a * problem and is worth addressing just as much as any other issue facing the left, 
   i appreciate the mods only enforce their personal gripes, 
  in all seriousness , it 's against sitewide rules to reveal personal information about someone - a real name , a workplace , address and so on . 
  it 's a bit more of a grey area when it 's a company and not a person , though we still tend to err on the side of caution with stuff like this . 
  the consequences can be very detrimental and end badly for everyone involved , which is the last thing we want to happen, 
  i feel like this is something we should put in the sidebar . 
  reckon we could get up a decent bit with numbers to call / places to go etc , and i can add it to the wiki / just link to the post ? 
  goodbye . 
  fully jealous . 
  was nice down here too but i spent the day at two jobs and freaking out about honours, 
  i do but have n't seen tonight 's yet . 
  holy fuck today 's arrow was amazing though , more than made up for the whole of season four, 
  turn your head like you 're watching out for a fucking stalker, 
  slow the fuck down going past school buses - even if they do n't have signs on them , but they 're outside a school, 
  slow down and turn that fucking head both ways going over railway lines, 
  four way stop signs use the give way rule, 
  do n't stall, 
  do n't panic, 
  do n't kill anything, 
  just finished tonight 's episode , holy fucking shit what the fuck, 
  emily would be too cliche of a betrayal imo , it 's lazy to have the person that 's always been there as the backstabber . 
  though having kirkman as an unknowing part of it by him being the designated survivor could be a cool direction, 
   was, 
  ftfy, 
  helix has potential to be a great storyline for felicity and the show imo - she 's already doing some really morally questionable shit and justifying it by claiming good intentions . 
  it started out by using mass surveillance , went to setting up susan by planting fake documents and is now at redirecting a fucking drone . 
  she 's on a dark road , and could very well end up becoming a villain for s6 along with helix without even realising it . 
  yeah , because everyone that does n't agree with you is obviously a labour shill, 
  does this mean we need to ban you under rule 7 ? 
  how far away are you ? 
  it 's that sort of cynicism that 's causing nothing to change though, 
  i do n't like emily as the mole either , it 's too cliche, 
  shit i could probably chip something in to help out if you want . 
  no , but in general if people are cynical and believe nothing will ever change then nothing will . 
  but if people think they can actually make a difference and act in that way , then things will stand a much better chance at changing, 
  answered elsewhere that it was wellington to invercargill / dunedin - we 're offering to all chip in for him if he asks,
