  the title image ( southern cross and nz ) are centre aligned while the background is right aligned , so i 'd assume you 're on a smaller screen ? 
  i 'm not sure how we could fix it though without changing the whole style , so it may need to stay unfortunately, 
  oh , those words - i thought you meant the ` reddit ' and ` new zealand ' at the top . 
  yeah , i 'll brighten those up a bit and make the bar there slightly darker, 
  i have a similar sort of thing , but instead of it being red / blue it 's more the light temperature - colours look warmer in my left eye and cooler in my right, 
  and you say * i 'm * making you look bad ? 
  i am ? 
  oh shit , why did n't anyone tell me, 
  good morning !, 
  today is sunday the 21st of june , and is the shortest day of the year . 
  leadup to summer begins !, 
  on this day in 1864 the tauranga campaign in the land wars ended with a british victory , despite their massive defeat at gate pa during the campaign . 
  the campaign contributed to the rise of maori resistance figure te kooti , who fought a guerrilla war against the british for the next decade or so . 
  in international history , on this day in 1788 new hampshire becomes the 9th state of the united states after ratifying the us constitution , in 1898 guam famously surrenders to the united states during the spanish-american war , after mistaking their warning shots as a welcome salute . 
  the island , previously a spanish colony , had not been informed that the two nations were at war , and had no means to protect from an attack . 
  also today , the first victoria cross was awarded in 1854 to charles davis lucas , a irish sailor fighting for the british against russia in the baltic as part of the crimean war . 
  during an attack on a fortress in the \u00c5land islands , a russian artillery shell landed on the deck of the boat which he was on . 
  lucas quickly tossed the shell overboard , which exploded before it hit the water , thereby saving the boat and all aboard it . 
  during the course of the crimean war , four other men were awarded the victoria cross in the baltic theatre , two more in the \u00c5land islands and two at the fort of viborg . 
  finally , on this day in 2004 * spaceshipone * officially achieved spaceflight , becoming the first privately funded ` spaceplane ' to do so . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by international telephone calls, 
  using firefox and they show up . 
  opens a new window each time i try to change the frame though , but that 's probably just it messing with res, 
  just changed them , how does that look ? 
  sorry , bottom line ? 
  where are you looking , i 'm not sure i 'm following, 
  awesome , that worked perfectly , thanks !, 
  edit : if you 're able to give me a bit more help , i 'm trying to use the method suggested [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/csshelp/comments/1jhx4x/how_would_i_implement_a_picture_into_the_submit/ ) to change the submit buttons to images , but i ca n't seem to figure out how to change them independently . 
  any ideas ? 
  anyone up for making one for the whole 20th century ? 
  yeah , i tried that first but for some reason nothing happened . 
  i have a feeling it 's because the other button stuff is already there , but i dunno . 
  gim me a sec to jump back on my pc and open submissions up , then hopefully you 'll be able to take a look, 
  edit : made it public , should be good to go, 
  god , even on the internet we get confused with aussies . 
  works great , thank you so much !, 
  two weeks would work out at $ 140 extra for the lower excess , $ 210 if you add the tyres and windscreen . 
  with the lower excess that makes it , at most , $ 460 if you crash , meaning you 'd save $ 1540 . 
  personally i think it 'd be worth spending $ 140 at risk of it not being needed as opposed to not spending it and having an extra $ 140 in your pocket at the point where you 'd need to find $ 2000, 
  i got mine out when i was 13 . 
  turns out i just had a stomach ache that had similar symptoms , but they could n't figure that out until they opened me up , so they decided they might as well take it out while they were there, 
  eli have n't read the comics ? 
  yeah , i 'm a kiwi , but i 'm on snap , and everything else works fine . 
  could possibly be caused by the steam sale , i know my steam dl speed has tanked , but would n't explain why everything else is reasonably unaffected . 
  case in point : the expendables . 
  i reckon it 's napoleon 's time to shine . 
  become a true imperial power and conquer the south pacific proper, 
  huh , i normally get ~ 50 , but this week it 's been up round 200 way . 
  given centra has remained on ~ 150 i do n't think it 'd be a modem issue , but i dunno, 
  even if he does take it , would n't it be difficult for them to survive without colin 's money ? 
  damn . 
  i really wanted to help somehow , as a kiwi i really think this that he 's what america needs at this point - hell , even the western world . 
  good morning and welcome to tuesday the 23rd of june . 
  on this day in 1757 the battle of plassey was fought between 3000 british soldiers and an estimated 50,000 indian and french soldiers . 
  despite being relatively small as a battle , it was pivotal in the course of indian history as the british victory resulted in the french being driven from the subcontinent and the british gaining an enormous amount of influence over the declining mughal empire , bringing about a start to the british east india company 's rule on the subcontinent . 
  this would last for 100 years , until a widespread rebellion forced the british monarchy to dissolve the company and take control of india itself . 
  today 's fact is brought to you by exams . 
  ooh , an imported european model . 
  nice, 
  we used to have one of those when i was a kid . 
  was awesome having a house which overlooked the whole airport and being able to tune in and hear them all . 
  pretty sure we ended up selling the house to an aviation buff , who was sold when we offered the radio with it, 
  at least it 'd last longer than if you were getting drunk back here in nz, 
  bonus points for negative temperatures since it looks like a snowflake, 
  whole car was frozen up - windows did n't work , doors frozen shut , wiper fluid gone etc and scrapers doing nothing on the windscreen . 
  exams were postponed half an hour too , since it took so long for everyone to get in, 
  you can get in as a +1 , but not on your own, 
  can you still scroll normally ? 
  if so , enable logging in config.ini , then try . 
  when it does n't work , check the logs in my games / sid meier 's civ 5 / logs for anything which would indicate an error . 
  it sounds like a conflict of some sort, 
  did you try in between , or did you enable them and then try ? 
  the point of enabling them one at a time is to check if it 's a conflict between two mods - if it works fine when civs a , b , c , d and e are active but not when civ f is included then it 's probably a conflict with civ f and something, 
  i kind of had a similar thing , once . 
  was friends with someone who turned out to have feelings for me - i did n't feel the same , but she did n't take no for an answer . 
  ended up ruining my chances with an amazing girl and the last six months of my last year of high school , and even turning some of my friends against me . 
  i hated her for what she did , but still thought about it all for months . 
  still do , from time to time . 
  she was the year below me so i barely ever saw her , but i dunno . 
  it 's weird . 
  not sure what my point is , but yeah . 
  you 're not the only one this happens to, 
  i used to be too ( by asteroid impact of all things , go figure ) but then i realised that it 'll happen to everyone eventually , so there 's no point in getting worked up over it . 
  i mean , sure , do n't do stupid shit that 'll speed up the process , but do n't live your live in a bubble trying to preserve it either . 
  god , inca on ynaemp are amazing . 
  i remember playing a game with all of my wonders activated back before g&k , i was building wonders non-stop until the renaissance . 
  went liberty and got the free settler which i used for the rest of it , expanded across the whole andes while paying nothing in road maintenance then destroyed anyone who dared to invade south america, 
  kind of need to force a door to work if you want to use a car , though . 
  you a mechanic ? 
  you know it 's bad when the ice is stronger than the door handle . 
  damn , i was gon na try see if i could get a service on my car cheap . 
  ah well, 
  thinking of heading out tonight if the weather is fine . 
  any tips on how to capture it properly ( and if you 're able to chime in with any , / u/mamba _ 79 ? ), 
  dad 's the photography expert in the family and he 's on the other side of the world without internet access , so i 'm a bit stuck . 
  do n't want to waste such a great opportunity though, 
  shit , just realised that i 'm pretty sure dad took it with him as a second camera . 
  umm , might end up using either my old nex 5n mirrorless or my brother 's d5000 if i do go out , probably just with stock lenses since dad would have taken all the good ones too . 
   south island is full of scrubs, 
  2nz pls,
