  australia was n't the best example of good relations in this regard , by comparison, 
  despot , please . 
  if anything we 're an oligarchy , maybe a kakistocracy, 
  i mean i was gon na say it 's a cool union jack , but let 's go with yours , it sounds cooler, 
  what the hell , whereabouts ? 
  i come into these threads for shit happening elsewhere , not here damnit, 
  maybe something to do with the changes to the front page and geo-defaults ? 
  the timing fits, 
  oh phew , wrong end of the country, 
  80s are definitely making a comeback , lots of new music has an 80s sound to it, 
  iirc they 're the political wing of a paramilitary group from the troubles , maybe it 's something to do with that ? 
  oi join the discord , we can hook up a self-assign alert thing for it, 
  i mean if you have enough it stops becoming a scarf and starts becoming a snake so, 
   tui only household, 
  oh hey you 're alive , have n't seen you for a while on here, 
  a 's ' m ` a 'n' y ' a 's ' i ` t ' t ` a ` k ` e 's ', 
  you joined the discord yet ? 
  try the link in the sidebar , see if it works, 
  it 's pretty easy to pick up , try the link in the sidebar and see what you think !, 
  might actually be wide enough too , for once, 
  ooh , can we use that ? 
  have you tried weed ? 
  you know this is only for people not logged in though , right ? 
  you still get your normal home page of your subreddits if you 're logged in, 
  definitely rangitoto, 
  auckland , new zealand - the island is called rangitoto, 
  your instagram has amazing colours, 
  sounds like a good night then ? 
  you 're talking to one, 
  whichever works for you, 
   for example , the idea of welfare and benefits i agree with , but only as a temporary safety net and not as a way of life . 
  as someone about at least as far left as mjs , i 'd agree with this to some extent too - obviously it 's different for something like a sickness benefit where they 're actually unable to work , but the dole should definitely just be a temporary safety net . 
  however , instead of gutting the welfare system , i think we need to tackle the root causes of why it ends up with people they way they are with it , and we we have people working full time jobs still reliant upon benefits, 
  if i did n't have to work i 'd be all over that, 
  the bit between malaysia and china, 
  orleans in town here in chch do chicken waffles , where the chicken has maple syrum ( might be butterscotch ) intentionally . 
  i 've got to admit , i 'm not the biggest fan, 
  yeah , does n't help i was having it on a night where i 'd had bugger all sleep and a massive hangover, 
  we used to make a landing strip for the sleigh on the lawn , then leave the back door ` unlocked ' for him . 
  even left carrots out for the reindeer too, 
  i do n't have an issue with the new engines , except for the fact that they 're too damn quiet . 
  i miss when f1 would make your ears bleed, 
  i 'm sorry , * what ? 
  okay , but what about john , who earns 330k a year and is taxed just as much as jane , who earns 1/3 as much ? 
  as well as that , you 're assuming people take lower paying jobs once they 've got money , and forgetting that higher tax would only apply on the 10k jane is earning above the tax bracket . 
  add to that the lack of any viable alternative and the greens proposed tax break on first 14k which helps everyone , and you get a system which does n't hinder social mobility anywhere near as much as you 're suggesting, 
  except , you know , for all the massive tax cuts which have crippled the public sector, 
  i never said john was paying less income tax , i said he was paying just as much on the dollar as jane . 
  your source of contention seems to be tax as a hindrance to social mobility , but i would argue that the lack of tax allows for those higher up in the bracket to retain even more of their wealth , while providing less funding to help those further down , which itself results in a far greater hindrance to social mobility . 
  at any rate , would a more staggered income tax rate ( ie . 
  very rich paying more , and each tax bracket itself smaller ) be more to your liking ? 
  people are n't going to be making huge jumps across brackets then , so this would allow them to get adjusted to their pre-existing tax rate and then advance to the next once they 've gotten settled and adjusted to it . 
  alternatively you could tax assets like what gareth morgan proposed , but that was shot down by pretty much everyone else as ` taxing the family home ' and all that shit, 
  ca n't believe you did n't mention like a song ... , that has one of the best drum performances larry 's done full stop, 
  as someone who grew up with the atyclb sound and loves it to pieces , i do agree with your comment about longing for the older stuff . 
  that was my primary issue with soi , it was supposed to be old songs reminiscent of their youth but it was all just * too * polished, 
  this is n't a dumb post , it 's just as valid a discussion topic as anything else . 
  and it 's far better than having a ghost town, 
  coming from christchurch , that 'd make me feel at home, 
  i was wondering the same , it felt a bit like a checkov 's gun to me, 
  * real estate agent fucks entire city *, 
  does raising the drinking age really reduce alcohol-related harm though ? 
  all it does it increase the mystique around it and make it more desirable . 
  look at europe , their drinking ages are lower than ours and their booze cheaper , yet most of their issues come from tourists and not their local population, 
  basically what the others have said . 
  to put it simply , there 's two ways to get what you want done internationally - hard and soft power . 
  hard power is military force , you 're taking mao 's quotes about political power to heart , and are using coercion to get them to follow through ( eg . 
  do this or we 'll impose a no fly zone / blockade / attack . ), 
  soft power on the other hand is using other means , and is pretty much anything from smooth talking to economics to other countries just plain liking you . 
  it can be a case of convincing a country to do something because of values ( it 's the right thing to do ) , because they 're getting something in return ( let our shipment through and we 'll let your students in ) or for any number of other reasons . 
  obviously , because new zealand 's military is about the size of a us city 's police force we ca n't do much in the way of hard power , but because of this we 've become great at using soft power . 
  look at the recent security council position , our position at the forefront of nuclear non-proliferation , or ( for better or worse ) the tppa . 
  we punch well above our weight internationally , which is entirely due to our soft power ability, 
  a fish of mine died the other day . 
  normally it 's no big deal , and i 'd passed the fish tank off to dad a couple years back , but i 'd had that guy for as long as i 'd had a tropical fish tank , so he 'd have been around for going on 7 years - no mean feat for a fish . 
  survived all the earthquakes and the dumb fucker got himself caught in a hollow log . 
  shit , glad you got the better end of that one and seem to be in a far better place now, 
  you changing courses too ? 
  i 'm removing this under rule 6 , feel free to submit with a better title or check the sidebar for guidelines, 
  oh man , i still remember waking up when i was like 6 to find my first ever goldfish had died . 
  cried almost as much as when my grandmother died, 
  why 's that ? 
  double major is n't that much more work is it ? 
  oh shit , fair call then . 
  puts my ba to shame for sure, 
  i stayed at home for the entirety of my time at uni , and i do regret it to some extent . 
  i can probably count on one hand the number of people i met during undergrad , and would have far rathered moving out sooner . 
  that said , i am in far better shape financially , and could pay off my loan right now if i wanted . 
  doing it again , would i change anything ? 
  i 'd probably go flatting in second year , but i do n't think i 'd go to a hall . 
  you can meet people , it 's just harder and requires more effort . 
  i 'm gutted i did n't take the chance when i could, 
  i always just assumed the rest of it was fluff surrounding the pizza coupon thread, 
  exactly , and raising the drinking age makes it seem more special and fun , because it 's off limits as a kid . 
  if you lower those restrictions at the same time as addressing the culture around it then it becomes less of an issue, 
  i did n't pick up on that until right now, 
  so , hypothetically , if i were to get a potato cannon that shoots nokia , what would happen if i shot it at a corolla ? 
   user reports :, 
  1 : he actually did it the absolute mad man, 
  random question , why have n't you joined the discord ?
