  oh hell , i hear the eagles get real bad round february down that way . 
  he 'd better borrow greg 's rifle just to be safe . 
  i like the idea of a new road through the area given how out of the way that area is at the moment - i 've been wanting to check it out for a while , but it always seems too much of a big detour on a trip round the island - though i 'd want to make sure it was done properly and everything checked out . 
  i 'm a bit worried about the proximity to the whio site though , so it 'd be interesting to see the study cover potential routes across the whole area as opposed to just this route - if proximity to the heaphy track was the only reason the 2001 route was scrapped then maybe that 'd be a better option ? 
  so we 're not actually paying to meet the paris targets , we 're paying to cover the cost for farmers ? 
  or are they unrelated ? 
  the facebook comments on this were fantastic :, 
   media spin - what a complete sham . 
  if this was a legitimate referendum why was n't our current flag included as an option ? 
  i 100 % disagree that nz ` ers have had our say and that we feel heard . 
  i do n't know anyone who thinks changing the flag is a valuable use of time and $ 25m . 
   i have worked in the elections and so i know how votes are counted . 
  john key is twisting the wording . 
  of course there are no votes for the current flag because that would n't be answering the referendum question properly and would therefore be an informal ( uncounted ) vote . 
  john key , you 're a manipulative , sneaky , arrogant prick and i no longer have trust or respect for you . 
   that is not true . 
  fk johnkey i sent mine in and i crossed all out . 
  how many other people did this . 
  that is the real vote - all the votes that came in . 
  fkn wallace . 
  you had to go and screw it up, 
  1 - no idea , though i feel like i should know this, 
  2 - ethiopia / abyssinia , depending on which name you go with, 
  3 - i 'm not even going to try to spell it , it 's some stupidly long georgian one . 
  changing it to stalin was a good call . 
  4 - i was going to say the emancipation proclamation , but that was the 19th century, 
  5 - french ? 
  8 - i feel like this is a trick question . 
  the bolsheviks took power in 1917 , but i do n't think the ussr was proclaimed until after they won the civil war , in which case it would be 1922 . 
  9 - first , though this seems like a trick question too . 
  i 'm pleased you were n't in power during the cold war, 
  hell yeah - are they proper calendars or are they the weird ones with the binder thing in the middle ? 
  damn , that 's all dad was able to track down for his ones too . 
  ah well , looks like there 's a hole in the market . 
  i 'd call that 8/10 . 
  did n't get the udhr or the israel one , but i got stalin 's name being way too long and complicated, 
  i 'm not sure it 'd be out of place in this whole thing if he threw his hat in the ring too, 
  would n't it have to be in this subreddit ? 
  do n't put us through that , please, 
  / u/kiwikibbles for his member 's day wrap ups, 
  calm down mate , be nice . 
  honestly at this point i 'd probably pay to get a more expanded aoc as opposed to another dlc for attila . 
  i 'm loving it way more , you and the rest of the team have done a great job on it . 
  they 're those wizards from star trek , right ? 
  the ones who work with gandalf ? 
  but we 're the o of weog , which has n't had one either iirc, 
  i prefer the t\u0101ngaroa one personally , but t\u0101ne is pretty awesome too . 
  you could create the category , but you 'd lose to / u/appexxd and his springbok flair even though he 's not around anymore, 
  work in tech store , can confirm . 
  though normally outside of the big headline deals you can normally get a better price during other big sales . 
  if you are going to go with a new one though , might pay to consider a chromebook . 
  cheap , lightweight laptops which run on a google os as opposed to windows , and are set up with just google stuff - chrome , docs , etc. 
   final episode, 
  huh ? 
  i must have missed the rest of the story , what was going on ? 
  it is if you 're after one of the headline ones , but if you 're just looking in general it 's not worth it if it 's anything less than 25 % off as you 'll get a better deal during the year, 
  varies depending on which company you go to . 
  where i work we 've got all the interest free offers on now ( 60 months if you spend over $ 1200 , 48 if you spend $ 1000 , 30 if you spend $ 700 and so on ) so if you 're just wanting to wait for an interest free deal then you might as well go for it now . 
  boxing day sales most likely wo n't have interest free ( based on prior sales , not on any knowledge of the upcoming one ) but will probably have better deals . 
  likewise , in the new year there will probably be a focus on back to school stuff , meaning you could probably get a good deal on the sort of thing you 're after . 
  interest free tends to kick off around then too , so you might be able to get that too . 
  balls of steel , given the roads in nz, 
  like i said in the op , my king did die but i was still excommunicated , which is why i asked, 
  yeah , what the others have said . 
  i 'm in retail , my time off in the next week consists of sunday and christmas day . 
  i want to go on a trip but getting mates sorted is like herding cats . 
  god , one of the roads on my way home from work is a four lane road with a 60kph speed limit . 
  if it 's not empty , it 's almost a certainty that the person in front of me will think it 's only 50 , then go 40 just to be safe . 
  if i 'm lucky i can just go around them , but sometimes there 's two of them side by side . 
  mates make it more affordable though , i do n't want to pay for all the petrol and shit on my own, 
  nah , part of it was me wanting to drive . 
  been round the country plenty of times , but i finally have my own car and it 'd be cool to go out and do it with friends , especially if they have n't been to places before . 
  oi , keep me out of this . 
  i 'll be too busy dealing with fuckwits to deal with fuckwits . 
  i think you 're missing a t in there somewhere, 
  nah no worries , i probably would 've answered the same if i came across the topic anyway, 
  * hi , the mods ca n't come to the phone right now , please leave a message and we 'll get back to you as soon as we can . 
  well , we probably wo n't , but it sounds good . 
  - beep - *, 
  oh dear god , you reminded me of my worst encounter with it . 
  it was about this time last year , and i was at work when my phone beeped . 
  i get to a part of the back room where i can check it , and it was a facebook message from a girl i asked out about a year before that . 
  long story short , she originally agreed but later decided not to because she felt guilty that one of her friends had a massive crush on me ( and had got it into her head that i was just asking her out to make said friend jealous . ), 
  turns out that the friend who had a crush on me had discovered my reddit username , and had stalked my entire post history to find a post on / r/relationships from the middle of the entire saga that was going on , which she promptly shared with the other girl . 
  the message was saying that she had been shown the post , and that she apologised for being a ` bitch ' about it all ( her words ) and for thinking that i was just using her . 
  it was this huge heartfelt apology message where she was taking the blame for everything and was trying to mend fences . 
  i went to put the phone back in my pocket so that i could properly respond when i was on break , and instead accidentally hit the thumbs up button . 
  so in response to this super heartfelt message , i send this fucking sarcastic piece of shit thumbs up , as if to say `` that 's nice , now fuck off . '', 
  could feel the colour drain from my face and i frantically type apologies and all that stuff so that i do n't come across as a dick and all this . 
  thankfully she laughed it off , which is all good . 
  still hate that goddamn thumbs up though . 
  yeah , my first time through he died a couple turns before the pope asked for ravenna , meaning i got excommunicated for the whole game . 
  tried another one when war weariness was at 10 from the constant battles and stalemates , but then ran into the issue in the op second time round, 
  hopefully he gets a notification from the username mention , but failing that i might drop him a line when i get back from work later on , cheers, 
  yeah , even on boxing day it does n't really start to get busy until ~ 10:30 -11, 
  where you off to ? 
  pretty sure they made that feature available to everyone a couple months back , could be wrong though, 
  are you up to 50 hour weeks and 12 hour shifts yet ? 
  hah , i went to see if / u/mrlucy was taken , with the intention of registering it in advance for when / u/appexxd inevitably comes back . 
  turns out they 'd deleted their account too , which was a nice little coincidence .
