  that american perspective on nz thread was pretty cool yesterday . 
  the amount of different topics and discussions in the comments was insane, 
  ~ ~ yeah i was n't sure where to put it ~ ~, 
  scratch that , i 'm a moron . 
  cheers for your help !, 
  ty nilnz !, 
  any idea how we can get the submit buttons to move automatically instead of having to adjust them manually each time we change the image ? 
  took me a bit , but [ finally found it ] ( http://www.felinerights.org/ ), 
  it is if the story is set thousands of years in the future, 
  i wonder about a redesign of the kanaka maoli flag with the colours from the existing flag ? 
   also , statistically , nuclear energy is the safest energy source per kilowatt-hour, 
  i 'm a bit confused as to why solar has such a comparatively high mortality rate , unless it 's people falling off rooftops while installing them i fail to see how anyone could die as a result of it . 
  that said though , without looking into it proper i would assume it 's the safest as a result of the extra attention given to safety around it , and that if a similar level of attention was given at other power facilities they would be just as safe , if not moreso, 
  so i got curious as to the population density of these countries , and whipped up a quick and probably horribly inaccurate excel job on it . 
  it 's a lot more uniform than i was expecting , the islands are big since they 're low in both categories but the others are all fairly close within the 30-60 range . 
  tried to make it easy to display but excel was n't playing nice and i ended up closing the window, 
  that 's one aspect , sure . 
  but there 'd also be ice melt near the poles , and river outflow near large rivers such as the amazon or ganges that 'd also contribute, 
  yeah , that 's a pretty rough situation that never ends well . 
  it 's even worse when they refuse to believe you do n't feel the same, 
  kilometre , i used the data from [ this site ] ( https://www.worlddata.info/downloads/ ) ( their countries.csv file ), 
  i 'm from nz , was in a town hall for a tiny little town in the middle of nowhere not five hours ago which had a huge list of those who made `` the supreme sacrifice '' in ww2 from the area on the back wall of the stage, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  got a box of weetbix in the mail yesterday , with an ad for ` fibre to your door ' wrapped around it . 
  i did n't expect them to go to that level for a pun, 
  nah , it was an ad by enable saying it was now available, 
  you might want to resubmit your question in [ the actual ama thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5ahsty/kyle_macdonald_peoples_mental_health_review_ask/ ), 
  reminder : the ama with kyle macdonald ( organiser of the people 's review of the mental health system , nz herald columnist and so on ) is [ now live ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5ahsty/kyle_macdonald_peoples_mental_health_review_ask/ ), 
  hi kyle , welcome to / r/newzealand and thanks for offering to do this ama !, 
  to kick things off , i 've got a question here from / u/nomlah who was n't able to be around tonight but wanted to get their question in anyway :, 
   do you think there 's a political disconnect between the sector and the minister when the hdc operates on mental health guidelines set out by a disestablished commision ? 
  specifically advocacy and monitoring for mental health ? 
  tfw everything interesting happens while i 'm at work, 
  lucky why do you hate diameter :(, 
  mental health has been a fairly contentious issue down here in canterbury recently , do you have any personal thoughts on the state of the mental health sector within canterbury and the response to an increase of need post-earthquake ? 
  living in a vehicle , you 'll definitely fit in well here, 
  no worries , thanks for stopping by to do the ama !, 
  hey now , we 've got to collect our 50c, 
  damn , was hoping that 'd be * six months in a leaky boat *, 
  hey , current uc student here . 
  you can look over the course list [ here ] ( http://www.canterbury.ac.nz/future-students/qualifications-and-courses/ ) by searching for subjects - personally i 've been taking mostly history and political science with a few other subjects thrown in here and there so can answer questions about those . 
  with the rest of it it 's a bit more difficult , since you have n't mentioned what level you 're at . 
  4 courses is a recommended workload at 300 level , but only half of one at 100 and 200 . 
  but what about the other door , with fanta and stuff, 
  courses are either worth 15 points or 30 points , equivalent to 0.125 and 0.25 efts respectively . 
  in the courses i 've done , 100 and 200 level papers are worth 15 points and 300 level are worth 30 points . 
  since 1 efts is the recommended workload per year , most people take 8 papers per year at the first two levels , but only 4 at the third . 
  i loved spore , and sunk so much time into it when it came out . 
  the problem was imo that it had * so much potential * and was just abandoned after galactic adventures with the fairly simplistic gameplay it had so far . 
  that said i still sunk way too long into it, 
  hey , it 's happened with / u/grumpysimon, 
  i 'm totally up there next weekend, 
  do n't tempt me to make it official, 
  i can check tomorrow at work if you want and let you know ? 
  was n't it the month before ? 
  oh wait , i forgot christmas starts on the 1st of november in retail, 
  * and i heard a voice in the midst of the four stores ,, 
  and i looked and behold ; a red and green horse, 
  and his name , that sat on him , was christmas . 
  and hell followed with him . 
  yeah , was planning to see if / u/appexxd _ , lucy and such were free too . 
  probably have time for coffee or something stronger if y' all are free, 
  1 day, 
  ca n't wait for / u/jahemian 's reaction when she finds out the first time i 'll be going to a meetup of sorts is in auckland, 
  does auckland uni actually have decent bars nearby , or is it like uc ? 
  like uc then, 
  either or , saturday would probably work better but could do sunday if it suits others . 
  i 've got no clue about akl so i do n't know what works, 
  my first one is n't until monday d :, 
  [ five finger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pseudopanax_arboreus ) is a native tree, 
  i never thought i 'd see the day that stuff is a better news source than someone, 
  weather in chch was fucking mint today - started out gorgeous and warm with those massive clouds dotted around , then a huge front rolled in and it started pissing down with a thunderstorm to boot but was still warm, 
  pretty much all of sh6 is coastal, 
  i always tend to chuck on the joshua tree when we get weather like it , fits perfectly, 
  hmm , everything looks as though it should be available , there just seems to be no stock . 
  manager reckons early this month , so hopefully in the next couple of weeks or so, 
  so the next question is whether electoral law would be changed around that , given having the house elect president every time probably is n't a good look ? 
  god i hate this - i also hate the opposite , places like / r/theamericans where you go into the comments and you ca n't get back to the main subreddit page at all, 
  i took that to be the implication of the question , where op is asking of the outcome if it 's frequently happening by 2028 . 
  at the very least a lowering of the amount of electoral collage votes to simply a plurality, 
   anyone else got one ? 
  had a sale come through from another store last night for something which was pretty obviously a christmas present for a kid . 
  problem was we have a couple colours of it under the same code , so to make sure i got the right one i gave the guy a call , making sure not to let slip what it was . 
  he was hugely grateful that we 'd made a call and all that , the whole thing just made my night, 
  hah , i had chosen right in the end , but better to be safe you know ? 
  i 'd be interested to know what makes you think national is green as of late , with the exception of the kermadec sanctuary they do n't seem all that keen on environmental preservation if it impedes on profit, 
  home insulation is hardly an environmental policy , and given situations like the farm effluent runoff and poor water quality it seems as though they 're not very inclined to do anything substantial about environment protection, 
  solution : put water inside an empty vodka bottle ? 
  oh please god no, 
  full response from professor :, 
   i think what you meant to say is as a criminal justice student , you are very interested in how police handle large crowds . 
  for this reason you have decided to get first hand research seeing the chicago police work with a large crowd . 
  i think it is very commendable that you are so dedicated to criminal justice , that you are spending your time and money to do this important research . 
  please be safe . 
  we had this awesome spring thunderstorm roll through a couple of days ago , went from gorgeous and sunny to pissing down with rain - i chucked the joshua tree on out the back at work , having that playing with the thunderstorm and the huge clouds was something special, 
  paging / u/adamhmiller, 
  i feel like live versions will be included regardless later on , especially with * bad *, 
  if you can get a decent pic and caption i can have this as the new sidebar pic ( though i do like the flag ), 
  same here , had a great sleep for the first time in ages and actually feel refreshed for once, 
  what was the moment of silence for ?
