  currently up to 38 classic songs , feel free to suggest more to add if you can think of any, 
  nah , that 's literally just the amount it would cost for the salaries . 
  if we 're going everything else i suppose we 'd better start with the new stadium of a house of representatives that would be needed to fit everyone . 
  i think i have something on that night too . 
  yeah , i 'll try and rally the troops from work - where did you have in mind ? 
  earlier departure might be good , too . 
  not a late night on sunday but i have uni early the next morning ( and a presentation on us-nz relations to give ), 
  you gon na come looking at stars on sunday ? 
  sounds like that 's the next plan, 
  sounds much more civilised - can always head down the way we went the first time later on if we need darker skies, 
  yeah , they 're good - fortunate son is about the timeframe i had in mind , though it 's a bit flexible depending on a song 's cultural status . 
  like , there are definitely songs from the 80 's and 90 's i 'd consider classics , but not necessarily all songs from the 60 's, 
   ( e emailed me to say she is sorry she missed out ! ), 
  yeah , she mentioned - and she told me off as instructed - sounds like her and the bf have dinner plans , but i suggested they could meet us out there later on . 
  looks like it 'll be cloudy too , i 'm guessing you 'll make the call on the night ? 
  i feel like this should go in the sidebar, 
  ever thought about doing a proper css upgrade ? 
  could probably do with one, 
  it was literally organised about an hour ago . 
  just heading up the port hills round 8-11, 
  could always bring them along too for the ride , might like a night out under the stars, 
  at that rate it 'd be cheaper to drive i think, 
  oh come on , the ferry is n't * that * bad . 
  though i have n't been on it in a while , and it looks like it breaks down more times than it works about now, 
  any cheaper next weekend ? 
  might be worth pushing it back / u/ekanttakephotos , given a fair few people have plans already from the sound of it . 
  plus then i could actually write this presentation properly, 
  you sure you 're an aucklander ? 
  i thought you lot were raised on boats, 
  ah well , still might be worth pushing it back anyway . 
  you 'll just need to give us a shout next time you 're down this way , seemed to work for hans, 
  who needs an excuse ? 
  just grab lucy and a couple mates and do a south island road trip in the semester break or whatever, 
  anyone that does is gon na get a bit of name suppression of their own, 
  are you involved in ewb ? 
  not in a flat so ca n't do this , but was going to ask if i needed to be a member of ewb to sign up for the quiz night ( and if there 's still room ), 
  you gon na come out tomorrow night again ? 
  it depends on where you are . 
  it 's possible to live in one of the rich parts of auckland and never see poverty , but it is a very real part of the country . 
  not poverty as-in slums or anything , but very low income state housing and often with both parents having to work . 
  just to quantify this , a cold day in the south is about -5 . 
  if it gets below -10 it 's national news . 
  i 'd assume that would be living comfortably , though . 
  in those cases it 's both parents working and still living paycheck-to-paycheck, 
  i talked with / u/ekanttakephotos about putting it off a week , but he did mention the moon will be fuller, 
  i worked on the new one for / r/newzealand - would be happy to do a similar one for here, 
  nah , all good . 
  no takers yet , and i 'd probably better do the assignment anyway . 
  as long as it 's not like 3 months until the next one i 'm happy, 
  removed under rule 6 - your opinion should be in the comments , not the title . 
  i do n't get dreams like that , but then i wake up and i realise that i 've actually got assignments due tomorrow and it 's pretty much my reality . 
  giving a seminar on foreign policy tomorrow , fuck yeah, 
  oh cool , sorry i forgot to respond . 
  will give it a shot once i 've got a bit of down time from the assignments , cheers, 
  served inside a potato ? 
  i thought everyone else was just passed out drunk, 
  there was a player on diameter who was called `` emma '' - regardless of whether or not they were a girl they always got way more attention in the games . 
  i figured as much , was just saying that i 've seen something similar actually happen before, 
  we 're taking over centra - pinkman , itouchyou and i smashed the yanks 3-0 before, 
  eh , you were pretty much working against own team , so it 's close enough, 
  it 's on the main version too , is n't it ? 
  when it first downloaded off itunes sleep like a baby tonight was like 10 minutes long and had invisible as a hidden ( invisible ) track, 
  i love that little bit of atyclb that shows through in this song . 
  it 's not a lot , and it 's obvious that they 've moved on , but there 's just enough of it ( especially in the chorus ) that you get that memory of how awesome that album was , which gives invisible a similar sort of feel . 
  she did n't , i was saying that i expected her to earlier in the season, 
   last hour . 
  filthy casual, 
  wonder how different the world would be if most of these places were still separate . 
  independent tibet , xinjiang , hawaii , kashmir , catalonia etc, 
  damn , these look awesome !, 
  wish i could afford one ( and that it would n't be a nightmare to get to nz . ), 
  only concern i have is the bottle opener one , i can see a lot of cuts occurring with drunk people trying to open bottles with it . 
  extending it would be nice - i take photos myself , but i do n't have my own site or anything and when i share them on here ( mainly on / r/earthporn or whatever though ) i tend to just use imgur , since it 's easier for the platform and plays nice with reddit . 
  they 've had it coming for a * long * time, 
  that must be really hard for you, 
  that 's because tomahawks are n't delivered by drone yet , so there 's no picture !, 
  i thought it was one of those animorph things , a quadruple amputee turning into a sea turtle, 
  no breaching name suppression . 
  wait , am i doing this right ? 
  meanwhile i still have n't even talked to her . 
  how are you even supposed to talk to someone in a lecture ? 
  god , that show has helped me find so many good songs, 
  i normally last about ten at most . 
  did n't help that the guest lecturer got lost and did n't show up until 10 minutes before the end, 
  no tutorials in the class, 
  except that 's a cat, 
  nah , i do a mix of things . 
  some of it i use tunefind.com , some i use shazam , and some using the atlantic records youtube page ( they put up songs from it every week ), 
  eh , lecturer kind of did that already when she got us to do that whole ` find out shit about the person next to you and introduce them to the class ' on the first day , then gave us way too much time . 
  but that was a while ago , and it 's damn difficult to try to sit next to her without being creepy, 
  yeah , problem with before is that the rooms are always open so people just walk in as they show up ( which is also why seating is difficult . ), 
  after might work , though i feel like i should try and talk to her a bit more before asking her out . 
  it 's banned from the subreddit apparently , i 've got no idea if that stops it from working or not though, 
  difficult when it 's something as broad as this course is though ( no exam , and most of it is done based around your own course of research for a policy brief ) - come to think of it , you 're not in the nz foreign policy course are you ? 
  i remember you were in one of my papers last year i think ( though i never figured out who you were ), 
  i 'm gon na do this as the next tune thursday - songs for being stuck in traffic . 
  personally i 've been loving kaleo 's debut album , but i 'd say that 's more open road music instead of gridlock music . 
  always got ta recommend * the joshua tree * too, 
  you 're missing an http : / / in your second link , for some reason the formatting does n't work without it, 
  hey , looks like you 're shadowbanned .
