  note that all of them provide at least 1 culture and 1 gp point ( except for martyr 's square , which does n't have a gp point . ), 
  i 'm not 100 % sure that tahrir square works either , so that will need to be fixed at a later date . 
  credit to / u/sukritact for the icons , and / u/janboruta for the cover image !, 
  i 'll probably update them eventually , it 's just a matter of finding time in between uni stuff, 
  it 's about 50/50 i think . 
  the major countries have n't fared that well ( libya could go either way at this point ) with the exception of tunisia , which seems to be doing fairly well . 
  but there 's also the ones that did n't reach the stage of a full revolution , places like yemen , where the prime minister agreed not to stand in the next election , and a bunch of others where concessions were made to grant a few more freedoms . 
  but yeah , keep in mind this was made at the end of 2011 , before syria flared up and when egypt was preparing for free elections and libya 's transitional council had taken power, 
  how long ago did you go to high school ? 
  when i went there were only three languages you could learn - french , japanese and maori . 
  it was mandatory to take one of them in year 9 , but optional after that . 
  i do n't know about him , but in my last year of high school i had 16 hours of class , 8 hours of non-contact time ( basically allocated school time without a class where they expected you to study ) and then the usual lunch and interval stuff . 
  add in sport and homework and it would probably have been at least 40 hours per week, 
  redcheer just showed up , i guarantee it, 
  that 's why i chose it for the syrian wonder, 
  it was only a week off , i doubt it 's happened yet, 
  but then who would be the antagonist ? 
  too bad the pc brigade had to come in with their jimmies rustled and ruin everything, 
  for further reference , the guy that said it was our prime minister at the time, 
  he 's probably showing her all our comments and they 're laughing about it over coffee and a half-rebuilt pc, 
  no , because i do n't know what 's causing it and i ca n't test it because i do n't have an amd card . 
  leugi 's taking a look into it though to see if he can find something, 
  how so ? 
  where 's the kaboom ? 
  there was supposed to be an earth-shattering kaboom !, 
  okay then , how about megalodon having lived closer to our time than to the jurassic ? 
  were n't you the one saying how hard it would be to write 100 stories in 100 days ? 
  how hard was it to do this in 2/3 the time ? 
  what was the motive behind the change in turn blue from the more classic black keys sound to the more experimental stuff ? 
  terrible way of phrasing it , but yeah, 
  holy crap , i 've never heard of the pinnacles before . 
  do you have some more info on them ? 
  they know that people in hamilton need booze to forget that they 're in hamilton, 
  mordor 's pretty much hell , right ? 
  if so , it 's called auckland . 
  i was about to say hong kong , since they would have experience with gbp and yen . 
  then i realised hong kong has their own currency , and it 's part of china , not japan, 
  i 'm kind of worried about this . 
  do n't get me wrong , it looks like a great show , but i 'm worried about it being in the same universe as arrow . 
  one of the great things about arrow in my opinion is that they 've had ` normal ' explanations for the comic book stuff . 
  things like the sound grenade thing instead of canary 's shriek and the mirakuru for slade 's army being from ww2 super soldier stuff . 
  but with flash , all of a sudden you 've got dimensional barriers being broken , people that can control the weather , proper superpowers . 
  i just do n't know if that can fit in with the same universe as arrow, 
  i 've got a similar problem . 
  it 's currently 6pm friday night , and i have n't started my essay for university political science which is worth 40 % of my grade and is due 5pm monday . 
  i have a general idea of what to write , but my problem is coming with having to read through academic books and journals to find stuff which i can cite . 
  admittedly it 's only 1500-2000 words , but even so i 'm having trouble even solidifying my ideas, 
  edit : i know this is n't much help for you , i guess this is kind of me jumping onto your question to get some help too or to make sure you know you 're not the only one who wo n't be getting much sleep over the weekend, 
  this is my issue with the whole thing . 
  it 's only taking into account english credits , not those from other subjects which involve essays / papers / whatever . 
  i did n't take level 3 english and did miserably at level 2 , but at the same time got excellence in 20 credits at level 3 across history and classics for writing several-thousand word papers and the same at level 2 . 
  just because someone does shit at english does n't mean they do n't know how to understand english . 
  maybe instead it has something to do with the waffly bullshit they get you to write ? 
  well yeah , but why should whether i can write about how ` the placement of a character on either the left or the right hand side of the screen in * the social network * , and how this demonstrates whether the character is innocent or guilty in the current conflict ' have any effect on my attendance at uni ? 
  i did n't do well at english because the stuff we had to write about was like that , not because i could n't write . 
  anything that had normal writing criteria ( speeches , creative writing or whatever ) i did fine in, 
  but why do i need to display my literacy skills through english , which has questions like the one above , and not something like classics or history , which arguably requires just as much or more literacy skills , including semi-academic stuff which is more like what you 'd need at uni, 
  that seals it - italy was on our side all along !, 
  you wait , tomorrow 's trending subreddits will be / r/shield , / r/agentcarter , / r/marvelstudios and / r/avengers as marvel mounts a counter-offensive, 
  too bad it 's election year and everyone 's trying to discredit him and the internet party, 
  all hail supreme leader tyson of the democratic people 's intergalactic republic, 
        she 'll be wiping her ass with that bread later , you know how it is at festivals . 
      why quote the entire comment ? 
     just because ? 
    are we plaing tumblr ? 
  i think we 're playing tumblr . 
   bitches love tumblr . 
  what is this i ca n't even, 
  i 'm not sure about elsewhere , but here in nz there 's just the one voting day but you 're able to cast a special ballot if you 're going to be out of town or ca n't get to a voting station on the day, 
  i was elected to lead , not to read !, 
  what if you had something like google glass equipped with an ir camera that then displayed the feed over the eyepiece ? 
  would that work ? 
  [ everything 's fine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urizz3slz74 ), 
  `` no-one in the west wants my money , i might as well build something '', 
  alternative , both countries know that if they use nukes then they 're dead , so instead of using the nukes they use conventional forces , saving the nukes as a last resort , broken arrow kind of thing, 
  giving gold to posts is still relatively new , someone might not have known you could do it and gave it to her comment since it 's pretty much the same thing, 
  i demand proof, 
  i have no idea , but i 'm not complaining, 
  i have n't seen this much gold since patrick carney 's ama, 
  jeez , now people are n't even making an effort to jump on the gold train . 
  whoops , sorry . 
  must 've missed the last.fm requirements, 
  well , i better be preparing for wwiii, 
  my dad took [ a similar photo ] ( https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5003/5357559122_8389432a09_b.jpg ) a couple years ago with one of the c-17 globemaster coming back from antarctica - was a strong nor ` wester and we just hear this roar right above the house , run outside and there 's the hercules flying over , lower than most planes but i suppose it would 've been necessary a couple km out from the runway, 
  edit : it 's a c-17 , not a c-130 - thanks / u/swiftraid, 
  huh , thanks . 
  i had assumed it was a c-130 because that 's usually all that 's flying from the ice at that time of year , the american mission must have started early or something, 
  well , miles * did * try to assassinate him once or twice , i 'm sure that 'd do it . 
  i do n't think they were involved though . 
  i see the chemistry as coming from being lifelong best friends, 
  unless the pendants repel the nanites , meaning that as long as he found a pendant or built one he could survive . 
  but i agree that it was good to end there , and i 'd much rather see a new show in the same universe than i would a season 3, 
  i do n't know , but i like it . 
  amerika seems more fitting , somehow . 
  the national government is terrible at this . 
  not only do we have the issue with fishing , they 've opened up conservation land ( the most protected level outside of a national park ) to mining operations , as well as greenlighted exploratory deep sea oil drilling ( deeper than the deepwater horizon ) in seismically active areas , some of which are very close to whale hotspots . 
  that 's not even beginning to go into their siphoning of state housing insurance payouts to put the government back in surplus , or selling access to cabinet ministers , or their illegal spying on new zealand citizens , or their selling of soe , ^ or ^ their , ^ ^ or ^ ^ their , ^ ^ ^ or ^ ^ ^ their, 
  thankfully we 've got an election this year , hopefully they 're finally done . 
  it 's not a proper surplus , it 's a projected surplus that could just as easily be a deficit . 
  plus they got there by screwing the country over , skimming money of the eqc payments on state houses , closing schools , selling profitable assets .
