  photo or verified sound recording iirc - they probably would n't look too kindly upon a specimen ( unless it died of natural causes ), 
  what about some moa ? 
  why not both ? 
  photojournalism would be such a mean as job , i 'd love to do it . 
  seems like a hard industry to break into though, 
  / u/dirtyformal 's been busy drunk shitposting all over the discord, 
  shit , we should sort out that spoilers tag . 
  chur for the heads up, 
   note - the link is purple because i clicked it trying to find out what was going on , not because i had already visited it before trying this search, 
  a likely story . 
  do it, 
  wait , seriously ? 
  i 've spent way too long working on the subreddit for / r/newzealand alongside a great team of other people , and for that work to go to waste is a real kick in the guts . 
  no idea why this was ever thought to be a good idea . 
  just heard this morning reddit has decided it 's going to [ get rid of css ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/66q4is/the_web_redesign_css_and_mod_tools/ ) - so fuck me , i guess . 
  tekapo has hit pools as well , they 're not geothermal but they 're still decent enough . 
  i like driving south more than north anyway , so i 'd go for that . 
  could even go up to mt cook for a day from there, 
  current canterbury student here , we 've just had the brand new engineering building open this year and we 've got a massive science and innovation centre almost done too . 
  it 's a pretty decent time to come to uc , just as all the new stuff is coming up . 
  i 've been through all the repairs and am leaving just before they 're done , so i 've missed the lot of them, 
  oh man , do that for sure . 
  the hermitage has awesome views of mt cook itself if you go for lunch there , or pack one and go for one of the small walks around there . 
  tasman glacier is a great short walk too , and if you can spring for it you can do an iceberg cruise on the terminal lake, 
  oh hey , you were at birdling 's flat too ? 
  that was n't you screaming past us on the way out there was it ? 
  i 'd done [ my pano ] ( https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/196983684425842688/305431949030457354/untitled_panorama2crop.jpg ) before the thing really flaired up , and i had it on time lapse when that was happening so could n't go and do another one . 
  was n't having any luck with stitching the two together either , so this 'll have to do, 
  do n't know if i 've got enough to make it worth stitching , we were a bit closer to the water than i thought , so it abruptly got cut short with a rather big wave, 
  i feel like the key thing is that you should actually talk to him about it - do n't do anything based on what you think his stance is , do it based on what it actually is after talking to him about it . 
  but you 'll be fine , you always get through this, 
  oh i 'm not engineering at all , i 'm doing political science . 
  plenty of employment at the moment as we 're in the middle of a huge rebuilding project after the earthquakes , the construction sector out here is huge rn, 
  i love the wanderer so much - it 's got a really cool dichotomy with the style of zooropa as a whole ( futuristic , cyberpunk ) compared to johnny cash 's voice that makes me think of something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aa7tflq.jpg ) . 
  it 's a great song for just after sunset , when you 've got the glow on the horizon and you 're just out for a drive, 
  oh god this is going to be horrible from here , ca n't choose between these four at all, 
  glad to hear it all worked out for the most part , it would n't be any fun if it was n't scary right ? 
  i 'd change to monday , there 's enough stuff to do in sydney and the potential drawbacks are a lot greater if something goes wrong on the wednesday, 
  i 'll be honest , first thought when i saw that first shot was that i hope you can get inside it . 
  so glad you turned it into a clubhouse for your kid , i 'd have loved a space like that, 
  see the last photo , it 's a clubhouse for his daughter, 
  new zealand here , our landline area codes are two digits technically they 're only one , since it 's all 0x , eg . 
  03 for the entire south island . 
  mobile numbers are three , with 02x where the x varies based on carrier, 
  mark mitchell seems like an interesting choice for defence , apparently he worked in iraq as a private security contractor for a bit . 
  yeah , we 've got a great history with them . 
  they were just defending their homes , we were just following orders from mother britain . 
  we did n't want to be there , they did n't want us to be there , nobody wanted that war except the british officers . 
  there 's that quote everyone loves to point out is n't by ataturk about it, 
  but one of you will always be at work, 
  never seems to stop anyone . 
  my personal favourites are the ones who move somewhere then complain about how things were better back home, 
  does instagram use @ too ? 
  yeah , i was meaning interesting more as he seems like a fairly unknown player to be given such a big role, 
  i mean your average visitor is n't going to be doing any gardening , that 's more part of the citizenship process, 
  what makes you think they did n't ? 
  they 're making sure no-one ever gets stuck there, 
  i ca n't help but feel the stats are a bit misleading - yes there 's been an increase , but there 's also been a huge increase in the number of tourists . 
  in order for it to be a valid concern , you 'd need to look at it in relation to the total tourist numbers ( or rather total numbers that are renting cars ) . 
  if you had , say , 5 out of 100 tourists crash ten years ago , but 10 out of 1000 now then it 'd look like it 's doubled , when in actual fact it 's only a fifth of what it was . 
  hah , glad you like it !, 
  i took that almost seven years ago , when teachers were striking so i had a long weekend and went up with dad . 
  loved it up round there , sadly did n't spend much time up there but really enjoyed what time i was there for . 
  there was an awesome old one way bridge over an inlet somewhere around there two that had ruins of an older one off to the side , but i ca n't seem to find it again, 
  oi , settle down, 
  yeah you can sod right off if you keep that up, 
  ah , that 's where it is !, 
  i was looking too far up, 
  both of you calm the fuck down with the personal shit, 
  yo you 're shadowbanned , hit up the admins to figure it out or try / r/amishadowbanned, 
  oi , be nice, 
  regardless of the subject , death threats are * not * okay, 
  it does , because it provides us more insight onto how to best address the issue . 
  because i had to sift through way too many reports and this is the one where i 'd had enough of going through them, 
  feel free to [ message the mods ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fnewzealand ) to get a second opinion, 
  we 're not omnipotent . 
  report the stuff and we 'll take a look at it - ca n't speak to the mods doing that shit , and sometimes some do have a short fuse , but generally we 'll try and do something about it . 
  i 've already talked to usrname too about this this morning , so we are trying . 
  just to amend the above post , anti-war sentiment is definitely allowed in here . 
  anzac day is traditionally an anti-war holiday in new zealand , where we remember the atrocities faced by our troops in gallipoli and in other conflicts . 
  it 's not to venerate these conflicts , it 's to remember past sacrifices made and to ensure it 's not forgotten , else we 're doomed to repeat it . 
  at the same time , it is still to respect troops , past and present . 
  attacks against service personnel still are n't okay - attack the game , not the player . 
  i 'm fully expecting it to be ` replaced ' with a shitty version of the mobile theme that can support flairs . 
  i get where you 're coming from , but can this * please * not become a thing here ? 
  was that what the big glowing thing just after sunset up to the southwest was ? 
  thanks , you helped settle a bet . 
  got any other photos i can use as proof ? 
  what about his claim that it 's os when it 's just been uploaded on reddit , and not linking to xkcd itself ? 
  it bugs me that they 're not in the same order, 
  have you got a source map of the same proportions but with actual boundaries ? 
  not that i need it ... of course not ... 
  i was really hoping they went to see him and had timothy omundson guest star, 
  i may have just bought another seven books from them ... 
  i 'd be okay with this . 
  it would n't be a season of shield without a different sort of ward, 
  / r/eyebleach, 
  their announcement can be read in the very first link of the op . 
  the gist of their argument is that css is n't perfect , and that removing it allows them to do more with the base of reddit in terms of functionality . 
  while this is true , we 're of the opinion ( along with many other subreddits ) that the benefits of css outweigh the drawbacks .
