  he 's the one below the brown icon, 
  damn that 's sexy, 
  point taken , but i think if most people got the choice between a cheap blood diamond or an expensive ` safe ' diamond , a fair chunk of them would go for the cheap one, 
  when i was a kid i thought it was opening up their skull and literally washing other ideas out of their brain, 
  summer uni dress code is almost mandatory barefoot / jandals, 
  grew up in wgtn , always had a fairly large emergency kit updated every couple years . 
  moved to chch about 10 years ago , kept the kit . 
  one of the few people i know who actually had one when the quakes hit ( did n't use it , though ), 
  really ? 
  i 'm in nz and it 's still $ 49.99, 
  i dunno , [ some of them can be pretty badass ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2011/mar/25/gurkha-honoured-taliban-insurgents ), 
  i 'm planning on moving to somewhere that 's currently in the 70 's , with the hope that by the time self-driving cars are everywhere else they 've just discovered this thing called the iphone and i can keep a job . 
  any suggestions ? 
  that 'll be their season 3 premiere if they get renewed . 
  til hitler is in nz . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  that said , it 's entirely possible that she dated a guy from a family of white supremacists and then a lesbian muslim , i know some of both, 
  yeah . 
  i dunno about you , but if a guy cursed my airline , then one plane disappeared and another was hit by a fucking missile i 'd be looking for a remedy to the curse, 
  can we please not start that argument again , and just accept that the whole thing is shit for everyone on both sides ? 
  how long has this been the case ? 
  i live in nz , and can remember watching the squid boats go out every night full of lights, 
  heh , reminds me of one of my great uncles , who died in ww1 falling out of a window drunk, 
  i say , old chap , those americans sure do seem to have a kerfuffle on their hands with those rascally corporations , do n't they lord kensington ? 
  they do indeed , lord duffington !, 
  if only they had the foresight to behave like proper colonials and not fight a pesky * revolution * , per chance they would not be in such a pickle now , would they not ? 
  i do believe the word in the * colonies * for that would be karma !, 
  pass me another scone , would you ? 
  but it 's got winnie , and he always makes everything much funnier . 
  so that 's okay . 
  i feel like he 'd sue the election commission, 
  six conservative seats , that 's a scary thought . 
  i always see these posts after deciding not to go out looking for them . 
  can you actually see any of it with the naked eye , or does it just come out with the long exposure ? 
  yeah , it 's worth voting so that you do n't get a guy in parliament launching a royal commission of inquiry into the apollo program, 
  or , you know , vote for the opposition ... 
  wait , is trey on reddit ? 
  huh , i probably should have picked up on that username, 
  here we use the queen 's english . 
  are we sure it 's not secretly jeremy wells ? 
  we had one at high school who would go off track for the whole class if you so much as mentioned star wars, 
  christchurch with a rubbish man driving a tractor ? 
  reasonably large , brown hair and glasses ? 
  yep , pretty sure it 's the same guy . 
  we had him looking up yoda 's earspan one time, 
  key better call out the witch doctors and their rain dances, 
  oh please , only a * labour * supporter would drive a maserati . 
  they 're so outdated . 
  only a purebred bugatti for hosking . 
  jeez , i 'd almost feel bad about that one ... 
  renamed to sound less like skynet ? 
  oh my god , everyone knows him, 
  team key 's going start to become a liability , from the sound of it, 
  that 's why i do n't do multiplayer - means you can save and resume whenever you want . 
  although i 've only played one game in the past couple months , most of it has been spent modding the game . 
  [ did you know that jurassic park was secretly a documentary on the dinosaur cloning program which won america the cold war ? 
  ] ( http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2012/183/0/6/ronald_reagan_riding_a_velociraptor_by_sharpwriter-d55rsh7.jpg ), 
  i commented a top level reply once and it was n't deleted . 
  i feel like i accomplished something, 
  [ witty comment hoping it turns into a gold train ], 
  well obviously i 'm going to recommend [ mine ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/pouakai/myworkshopfiles/ ) , but other than that it depends on what you want - civilisations , mechanics , religions , pretty much anything ), 
  colin craig 2017, 
  there 's still that supposed bombshell that kim dotcom has coming on september 15 ... could be good telly if nothing else, 
  all at once , and in conservation land , no less !, 
  i spell it eh , but i also use it as eh . 
  wait , that did n't come out right . 
  if i use it at the start of the sentence , it 's an eh as in i do n't really care , but then otherwise it 's eh like ay ? 
  [ comment about how inaccurate it is ], 
  and nice has been in the last couple stories . 
  i think not !, 
   what if the marc antony one was a roman civil war campaign ? 
  [ called it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/totalwar/comments/20lqjx/theory/cg4lxmq ) :d, 
  although i 'm a bit sad that it means the cleopatra scene is n't for an african dlc , i 'm still holding out hope for one, 
  i hope everyone enjoyed the half time show , we 're back now for the second half of the cold war , coming to you live from good ol' planet earth !, 
  like how we 've had the cultural faction packs so far , i 'd like one for the african ( or is it desert nomad ? ), 
  culture group - garama , gaetuli , meroe , axum etc. 
  yeah , banksy was asked to design it iirc, 
  those sure are some creative flags you 've got there , hawaii . 
  do n't forget blackjack . 
  he 's going to make his own country !, 
  holy crap , that guy needs to check his tinfoil hat, 
  i 'm pretty sure someone made a wager on that here a couple weeks ago . 
  i ca n't remember where it was or who it was , but i know it was them doing something if labour won , and i set up a remindme thing for it . 
   at the end of the day it was just a subpoena , which at the end of the day is nothing official . 
  and at the end of the day , i think new zealanders will make up their own minds about what 's important at the end of the day . 
  ftfy, 
  i completely agree . 
  i think the guy 's a dick , but i do n't want to see him have personal issues as a result of this . 
  i think judith collins has some spare time now, 
  yet . 
  is she going to actually do her job properly , or should we just label the whole thing `` big corrupt pathetic attempt at saving face '' ? 
  looks like someone denounced the politburo ... 
  to be fair , in a lot of the world religion and gay rights do have a strong correlation . 
  just because china represses gays and is n't religious does n't mean that there 's no relationship between the two factors elsewhere, 
  crayon exports are through the roof, 
  first thought when i saw that was that he 'd be good for deathstroke in arrow, 
  i thought this was a news post and john key had resigned or there had been a coup or something . 
  i was starting to freak out , say ` what the hell is going on ? ', 
  so national is now stuck between binding referenda and an inquiry into his party ... maori may jump ship if it means they 're part of the majority too , so national may be on its own here, 
   you can totally be homophobic without being religious .
