  it was n't a one-and-done with the police shutting them down like it was in the video, 
  yeah , that 's what i thought, 
  / r/truemarton when, 
  depends if it was one of those ` pay to attend ' type things with a campaign donation, 
  look at you being all * punctual *, 
  astro lounge is legit , we were talking about it today at work and making it a more common haunt , but we realised we work in retail and it 's kind of on the pricier side, 
  he was an officer at the time of the gallipoli campaign was n't he ? 
  you would if you were talking about that battle or the war of independence though . 
  i figure given this is a gallipoli memorial that could be where the confusion is coming from, 
  probably still quicker than the average auckland commute, 
  someone should reach out to gareth morgan for comment, 
  i almost feel like investigating them a bit more . 
  it 's so constant now i 'm almost convinced ( tinfoil hat warning ) that there 's something more to them , or someone behind them . 
  this is the first time i 've actually seen something like this in the article :, 
   both are students of mt roskill 's ron hoy fong 's [ ronovationz ] ( http://ronovationz.com/ ) business , with the marketing line ` we will help you become a successful property investor ' . 
  given the link and everything it almost felt like an ad , and implied that the service was behind getting them that property . 
  interesting thing is that i ca n't find a price anywhere on his website, 
  we tried to ring one of the guys at work today a couple times with no luck , so we rang back and left an answerphone on his answerphone, 
  [ ticket resolved 2017-04-10 21:55 ], 
  they 're not mutually exclusive though . 
  like saying a maserati looks good does n't mean i ca n't also like a mclaren, 
  shit , needles can do that ? 
  music in both those shows is so on point, 
  couple of points :, 
  4 - iirc there 's no known leaders , we had this issue in v, 
  7 and 11 - way too much of a political shitstorm even considering them as a civ for it to be worth it, 
  9 - only one of these is actually polynesian , something like the maori or tu'i tonga would be a better choice for something actually from there . 
  15 - would that not be better as a german alt ? 
  last thing we really need is yet more european civs . 
  some cool ideas other than that though !, 
  that 'd come under rule 9 i 'm afraid . 
  hell , could even be triple my age, 
  but i mean if you both have feelings then ... 
  might be the first day of the year i do n't see the sun either side of work :(, 
  it 's the holidays mate, 
  though i should be getting ready for work, 
  having lunch ? 
  look at rockefeller over here, 
  if we have 300,000 houses and need 360,000 , it does n't matter what prices those 300,000 existing are at . 
  this is little 's point , a drop in price alone is n't going to fix the issue . 
  pretty much - we invited him to campus and the woman from his office said that he 's a very different pm to john key so is doing a very different approach to public appearances, 
  a national one moreso, 
  it is . 
  we banned op because he was spouting off with racist bullshit , not logical arguments about immigration concerns, 
  i did n't realise super rugby had democracy, 
  i 've missed all of that altogether, 
  removed under rule 5 - see original post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/64p4zs/the_decile_system_is_to_be_scrapped/ ), 
  hmm , fair point . 
  flick the other mods a message and we 'll get a second ( or third ) opinion, 
  that 's why i was suggesting you start the message , so you can be in on the convo, 
  except when they cheat and add stuff to the yacht . 
  never gon na forget that loss from 8-1, 
  cgp grey did something very similar in one of his videos, 
  it 's completely and utterly rubbish , please do n't get drawn into it . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmpesegso6m ) is a bigger challenge imo , you can feel the tension between the two as the ref tries to break them up, 
  i really hope they play motd as the closer in their original tour style , bono 's extra verse was something special, 
  god reddit search is so shit at the moment . 
  ca n't even use the damn thing because the servers are under too much load all the goddamn time, 
  getting some serious pulp vibes from this , this is really cool, 
  yeah , it 's more difficult when you 're trying to use more qualifiers , like top posts for a given flair on a set subreddit within last month or w/e, 
  the all blacks are world-renowned as one of the few teams to do something like this before the game starts , a tradition which dates back decades ( though not always as polished as recently , as other posts have pointed out . ), 
  it 's usually the other polynesian teams which also perform a haka ( or equivalent ) prior to the game start , but the all blacks are definitely the only one of the big teams to do so . 
  of course , given the all blacks are arguably the best side in the world at rugby and have a long history of being so ( they 've been world # 1 85 % of the time since irb rankings were introduced , and consistently world # 1 since 2009 , ) this has led to some complaining the haka gives them an unfair psychological advantage . 
  the basis for this is both that it 's intimidating as fuck , and that it hypes the all blacks up before the game starts . 
  it also goes into the history of it being a war dance in maori culture , but that 's going a lot more in depth . 
  as such though , some teams ( particularly the six nations teams ) have started to respond to the haka - sometimes by charging them down , sometimes by singing , sometimes by facing the other way , and sometimes by just refusing to back down . 
  personally , the best challenge i 've ever seen was a game against wales , where for the entire duration of the haka ( and for a fair few points in the game ) the entire stadium was completely silent , and gave no reaction whatsoever to the haka, 
  goddamn this episode was such a fucking rollercoaster . 
   you 're daisy johnson , we 're both agents of shield, 
  * omfg mac recognises her fuck yes *, 
  wait no , it was a setup from evil may, 
   i know exactly who i am, 
  * omfg fitz was aware it 's the framework the whole time *, 
  nope , he just ca n't lock up the darkness, 
  yeah it has to be aida imo , ca n't be anyone else that knows, 
  i mean the best way of describing it is probably that it 's the rugby form of ` come at me bro ' - it means it 's gon na be a more intense game for sure , though i do n't know if anyone 's actually looked at whether there 's any impact on results, 
  that explains a lot, 
  feel like i 'm gon na forget about the chch meetup tonight ( assuming it has n't been cancelled due to weather ), 
  if there 's anyone who can maintain it , sure, 
  that could work , will take it up with the others and debate about it until we do n't need one anymore, 
  hmm , it 's showing up as disconnected ? 
  remember having this issue with the budget live thread last year too, 
  yeah it works on the live link , but not on the embedded one on here, 
  of course it 'd be 420 homes up in northland ... 
  shit eruptions too ? 
  forget about what ? 
  make sure you get that [ kenny loggins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14ie7e ) blasting as you go, 
  mfw i have a better chance of going to a meetup than you, 
  what should i be looking for when i get there ? 
  hate to say it but you 've already missed me , had to leave for work, 
  fully forgot to lock my car that whole time, 
  if you call it lobbying it 's okay !, 
  paging / u/officialgeonet, 
  this would be perfect , the whole series has been philip slowly getting more and more disillusioned , so it 'd only be fitting to finish with him finally going over the edge, 
  what are you going to be studying ? 
  well yeah , you 're still gon na have random spots of camo between roads, 
  was glad i could stop by for a bit ( and that my car was still there when i left ! ), 
  how 'd it go for the rest of it ? 
  i sent you a modmail and said to continue this in there . 
  what time did you arrive ?
