  pretty sure / u/bdfh is talking about births in his edit as a way to confirm that boxing day was the last day where the world population decreased , so there 's still some validity to your argument, 
  does it realistically stand any chance of passing ? 
  in which case , what happened to it ? 
  have n't heard anything about it until now, 
  i do n't think so , given they 've still got act , uf and maori, 
  i did n't forget , i was just too busy trying to study . 
  that 's my story and i 'm sticking with it, 
  dead rooster does n't have any connotations and is pretty much just a name , whereas `` blaze it yolo 420 '' is fairly obviously in reference to weed, 
  oh no , we 're not doing that in the slightest . 
  all we 're saying is that given your username and post history ( plus previous use of the alcp flair ) it seems likely that the poll has also been shared amongst groups that are in support of it . 
  it 'd be the same as if a poll asking if john key was doing a good job was circulated on right wing websites and national forums , and as a result showed overwhelming support for him . 
  while it may still be representative of nz , the results would be skewed in favour of the opinion of those who shared it simply because of where it was shared . 
  i almost guarantee that if you shared it amongst church / school groups who were opposed you 'd see the poll in the opposite direction . 
  nah , the racing drivers are the ones that do n't like being overtaken . 
  they 've managed to drive above the top speed of their cars to stop the others from overtaking, 
  and then we 've got [ that car that looks like a hot wheels ] ( http://www.seriouswheels.com/pics-stuv/supercars-limited-hulme-f1-champion-sa-low-1024x768.jpg ) built in nz and named after denny hulme , another f1 champion, 
  is deleting the texts legal ? 
  oh hell , i forgot about that . 
  what happens if it 's not ? 
  along with those flairs you were working on ... what happened to them ? 
  that 's convinient , we can do the css at the same time !, 
  give me a couple days to figure it out and i 'll put it on a test subreddit for you to check, 
  that would be awesome , i 've got a pinball central flag map i want to test out, 
  nah , i really ca n't . 
  dad 's off the other side of the world a couple days later and is away for my and my brother 's birthday 's and wanted a family dinner before he left , saturday was the only day that worked, 
  hulme f1 supercar , has been in development for years, 
  i 've been listening to a lot of muse 's new album , it 's one of the few ones lately that are miles better when you play the whole thing through in order , instead of just a collection of songs . 
  which is saying something , because the songs are awesome on their own too, 
  now all you need is for auckland to be independent , so your country can be auckland too, 
  * so do n't you , *, 
  * send me no more children !, 
  * well you can do anything *, 
  * but do n't send me no more child-ren !, 
  i 'd say those things and an inn are slightly different , since you 'd still have the same business on the same site and the same foundations run by the same family , which is similarity enough for me even if the furniture has changed, 
  is there a link or is it through sky etc ? 
  oh cool , what 's the quality like ? 
  okay , i 've gone and created / r/nzcss to try and sort out the new css , if anyone wanted to lend a hand let me know , since i 'm currently stumbling around trying not to break things . 
  only issue so far is the users online bit overlapping with the res subreddit buttons , but i ca n't figure out how to fix that, 
  cheers for the offer anyway - you would n't happen to know anything about flairs that you 'd be able to help out with quickly ? 
  i 've got the current ones working fine , but for some reason the ones i 've added in are n't showing up , despite me adding them the same way the others are - they 're all on the spritesheet and in the css , but when i add them to the flair template they do n't show up, 
  no worries , i 'll try and figure it out in the meantime, 
   too caitlyn . 
  i 'll be honest , i 've got no clue what this means . 
  slowly managing to figure stuff out with the help of other subreddits , i 've fixed the users online thing and added in a sidebar image , big thing now is figuring out the flairs, 
  with any luck , and if i do n't injure myself in the process, 
  dead rooster pls, 
  fair enough , would something / r/turkey 's size be ok ? 
  still need to modify the background image anyway , so it 's easy enough to change . 
  the key picture is set up so that it can change to whatever by uploading a different image and changing the caption , although chances are it 'll be 90 % / u/mamba _ 79 's pics . 
  yeah , sidebar is still a wip . 
  it 's more a proof of concept to show what the end result will look like . 
  also planning to shrink it down a bit by putting in some collapsable menu things , which i 'm pretty sure is possible but the subreddit i thought it was on did n't have it so i dunno . 
  hmm . 
  i 'll have a play around with it , but i 'd be hesitant to shrink it too much since then it starts to take away from the look of the subreddit . 
  / r/turkey 's looks like it 's at about 130 , i 'll see how 100 looks but i have a feeling it 'll mean the header image starts to get cramped , since it 's 75 high . 
  is n't he prosecuting john key about the ponytails ? 
  speak for yourself, 
  now if that 's not the embodiment of freedom i have no idea what is . 
  we could always all surprise / r/wellington and crash one of their meetups, 
  * i 've just moved to america and everyone thinks i 'm australian *, 
  what does this have to do with feijoas ? 
  i 'm insinuating that i 'm interesting as fuck, 
  yeah , still planning on reworking the kiwi etc. 
  - hopefully it looks better with the new background image on the header, 
  i 'll sort all that out when we update the background image , it might end up that they 're okay with the new image, 
  next time , i 'll do my best . 
  if you click on the link it should play about a 15 second video, 
  good morning !, 
  today is saturday the 13th of june . 
  on this day in 1917 a series of german bombing raids against london kill 162 people ( of which 46 were children ) and injure 432 . 
  27 years later , germany was also hurling bombs at england , although this time it was a series of self driven bombs which were the predecessor to the cruise missile . 
  given they were new weapons , less than half hit their targets . 
  in non war-related news , today in 1983 saw pioneer 10 become the first man-made object to leave the central solar system , passing through the orbit of neptune , and in 2010 a capsule containing asteroid particles collected by the japanese spacecraft hayabusa returned to earth . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by / u/icedginga 's whinging . 
  holy crap ... 
  i was too young to see any of the first trilogy ( was 4 when jp 3 came out ) but i 've seen them all dozens of times . 
  to be able to sit in a movie theatre and hear the jurassic park theme play was indescribable, 
  i presumed it was the flairs as a link back to alan in the original, 
  went to go see jurassic world yesterday before dinner . 
  dinner was average , but jurassic world holy shit . 
  i was too young to be able to see the originals in the movies , but i 've still seen them all dozens of times . 
  to be able to sit in a fully packed movie theatre and watch a new jurassic park movie , and watch as the jurassic park theme plays over an open park , wow . 
  rest of the movie be damned , that alone was worth the ticket cost, 
  should watch jurassic park before it - lots of awesome little throwbacks in jurassic world which will make it seem so much better, 
  are you sure donald trump 's birthday is something we should be celebrating ? 
  it does take a bit of getting used to ( you use mouse to direct where you 're looking , as opposed to something like mark of the ninja where you look whichever way you run ) but once you get the hang of it it 's fine . 
  i love that game - not only is it a great game of its own right , but the personalities of the gods and stories fit in perfectly with greek myth ( poseidon is just as much of a dick as he is in the odyssey and so on ) and there 's a bunch of side quests that can be done too . 
  an attack on the locks would render it inoperable for a while , i guess . 
  i do n't know the geography , but maybe if there 's a steep slope on one side or something at some point an attack on that would cause a landslide to block it ? 
  would it be immature to fund advertising targeted at showing up on / r/askreddit ? 
  not always . 
  / r/newzealand rarely enforces any rules beyond the base reddit ones ( and nz law , especially re . 
  name suppression ) and it 's a decent place still, 
  really sorry i could n't make it , sounds like it was a good night though . 
  would have been better than the dinner i had anyway . 
  hopefully next time ? 
  i was kind of expecting grant robertson to break away with a bunch of labour mps and form a social democrat party or something when he lost the leadership bid to a union candidate, 
   banning mineral and oil exploration . 
  they 're dead ends and they can only fuck the country up . 
  the future is clean energy .
