  does anyone have albums which they like to put on and listen to the whole thing through , instead of just shuffled tracks from a bunch of different albums ? 
  i do the latter , but from time to time i 'll just put on graceland or the joshua tree and just listen through , it 's a real different experience music-wise, 
  at least i 've managed to get friday / saturday off now, 
  what 's the helicopter ? 
  gon na put it in the sidebar , but wanted to say what it is in the caption . 
  i presume it 's airlifting the supplies ? 
   pretty much all pink flloyd albums, 
  the wall annoys me - it 's such a good album , but the track divisions are out of whack and so the songs on their own end up being cut off or having parts of other songs tacked on and just ruining the whole thing . 
  you should give muse 's most recent album a shot , it 's amazing listening through the whole thing and actually iirc was designed to be a whole thing instead of just tracks . 
  matt bellamy wanted it to be turned into a stageshow too, 
  kings of leon are great , come around sundown is an awesome album to throw on on a hot summer night, 
  have you tried their new stuff ? 
  i can definitely understand it with some of their earlier ones that are a bit hit and miss , but drones is a damn solid album, 
  what 's it on ? 
  i 'd definitely suggest an extra day in auckland to account for jetlag , should only need the one coming from cali . 
  most people recommend the coromandel , it was pissing down when we were there so we did n't get the best impression but i can see why people like it there . 
  definitely recommend rotorua , [ posted last night ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5dt2lc/nz_am_random_discussion_thread_sun_20_november/da80cuu/?context=2 ) with some food recommendations there ( tl ; dr abracadabra is amazing ) and the whole place is pretty surreal with geothermal steam coming out of footpaths and so on . 
  you could probably even drive down to wellington if you want , the desert road is really cool and wellington is awesome , even if they 're a but cautious about the earthquakes at the moment . 
  the official nz tourism website has a couple 10 day road trip suggestions which would be full on trips with a shitload of driving , but would be worth it . 
  have a look through [ here ] ( http://www.newzealand.com/int/trips-and-driving-itineraries/north-island/ ) and see if any strike your fancy, 
  huh , i 've got some of their earlier songs ( nothing will top knights of cydonia ) and black holes & revelations is a great album , but most of my stuff from them comes from post the resistance . 
  supremacy is my favourite bond theme of all time and it has n't even been used in a movie , and like i said i love the whole of drones, 
  shit , now i really hope you like it, 
  wait what ? 
  i 'd say he would have even if he does n't know it . 
  you do n't get to this point without having heard at least black / jeremy / even flow, 
  mechanical bull was a bit hit and miss imo - i love family tree and a couple of the other songs , but the rest really did nothing for me . 
  similar to some extent with cas , songs like pyro and mary are great , but most of the other ones only stand decent when they 're part of the album and you 're in the right setting for it, 
  fuck i felt it in akl, 
  to be fair we were up on the 16th floor , which amplifies vibrations like earthquakes , but still, 
  is there any chance this is uploaded somewhere else ? 
  i 'd love to have it as a wallpaper ( if that 's all good with you ) but imgur is n't the best for image compression, 
  i kind of hope they left the last message up on there, 
  have n't been shot in the face yet , so i presume / u/therealballchynz either liked drones or did n't hate it enough to bother with wasting ammo, 
  i reckon you could last a fair while on a jetplane , though it 'd depend on whether you can refuel mid-air, 
  also in ilam , can confirm, 
  okay so serious question - what do you lot reckon we should do in instances like this . 
  we 've got no specific rule against bigotry at this point beyond rule 3 , but we 're looking at adding extra grounds to deal with stuff like this, 
  i take it you would n't be keen for an ama on / r/newzealand then ? 
  should probably stop having kids then, 
  my favourite short film is still the one with jesus fighting cowboy zombies with an arsenal of fish, 
  if you 're part of pretty much anything ( govt employee , dhb staff , various associations etc ) you can normally get a pretty sweet discount on them at nl, 
  it 's not even like it 's a friday either , it 's midweek . 
  we had a christmas barbershop quartet in the mall last weekend, 
  i suppose it 'd look bad just keeping babydoom on monday ? 
  would the statement make more sense if it were ww1 ? 
  jesus fuck he sounds like he legit needs help, 
  one thing i would change if it 's possible is the positioning of the label for valour 's capital city . 
  i * think * it 's dead man 's flats , but the lake makes it real difficult to read, 
  i liked the gold of the one before the temporary one , with the film posters and shit, 
  oh whoops , that definitely makes sense then . 
  were there issues relating to the sort of stuff op mentioned when the tank was first brought into use , or did it catch on fairly quick ? 
  i 'd suggest / r/askhistorians instead , they have a wider userbase and are more likely to have a decent answer, 
  screw that , bring back [ ocean air liners ] ( https://d31fjbthwxlyse.cloudfront.net/blogs.dir/10/files/2016/05/7386768-3x2-700x467-610x407.jpg ), 
  let me know what you think , i 've heard good things and i 'm thinking about getting it, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  removed , rule 6, 
  feel free to message the mods to get a second opinion , i can see where you 're coming from but it still feels editorialised to me . 
  other mods might disagree though, 
   players will want to link there kong accounts to their existing google tagpro account . 
  you can do this in your profile screen . 
  you will have to pick which account you 'd like to keep , we do n't merge them . 
  this is something we want tested well . 
  i 'm not even seeing a link to the profile page , is this intentional ? 
  edit : ignore this , it took a bit but it 's shown up now and it 's been all linked up, 
  yeah , but it 's his brother in power and he still would have carried a fair bit of weight around in decision making, 
  holy shit you 're alive, 
  check modmail and you can see a bit more info on the guy , test post was to get karma because he got sick of waiting for us slacker mods, 
  christchurch here , can confirm . 
  i was only 10 when we moved down from wellington but i 'll be damned if i did n't notice the culture shock, 
  cut out the racist shit or you can take a forced break from the subreddit, 
  decided to err on the side of caution since it 's a grey area , but yeah they can bugger off for a bit, 
  yeah i 'm not seeing how this is related to nz . 
  removing it under rule 8, 
  which begs the question , are we judging these songs on their studio versions or on all of their performances ? 
  because bad will be a similar case to 40, 
  it had some weak parts but some really good parts too imo, 
  looks like you 're shadowbanned , you should hit up the admins about that, 
  i love times like that - the whole way through japan i slept probably no more than five hours in any given night , it 's great fun . 
  the word laundromat is damn funny when you 've had barely any sleep too, 
  it 's just redirecting me to the spotify home page , does the link still work ? 
  nah , there 's still a page not found if you click on their userpage, 
  that works , cheers . 
  awful lot of shooter jennings in there , was expecting a few more political / protest songs too ( redemption song / get up , stand up at the very least , though suppose that 's a different emotion to the rest ), 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  i figured from the title that it was just a political playlist ( partially the reason i clicked to be honest ), 
  would totally be my christmas present to dad sorted , he loves street art like this, 
   i 'm not being racist here but, 
  i 'm not sure how anything that followed this required this preamble, 
  i 've no issue with committees , but when it 's a * flag * committee that contains * no goddamn designers * then you 've got a problem, 
  i feel like that would get a lot of dislike amongst the conservative pakeha community ( ie . 
  the ones that would resent being called pakeha ) - which is n't necessarily a bad thing , but i 'd far rather op 's one which still has the traditional blue while introducing the red in a more prominent position, 
  might have something to do with how we were deployed to malaysia on behalf of britain during the malayan emergency too ? 
  i 've always been confused by this , i 'd have figured an air force would be useful in our position - especially for patrolling purposes, 
  holy shit that cross swallowtail is a thing of beauty, 
  i feel like radio new zealand has the journalism but lacks the ability to market themselves , and stuff vice versa . 
  if these guys can get the two of them just right then they might be able to make a pretty big hit, 
  hopefully newsroom loves him too, 
  there is literally nothing in this story about new zealand . 
  you ca n't even complain about the herald 's journalism , since it 's a crosspost from news.com.au .
