  pretty much everyone at work is playing it , i know all the pokestops and gyms even though i have never played it . 
  though i reckon it presents a pretty decent marketing idea if you can take advantage of it properly, 
  barkers shit is awesome , always stop in there when we 're driving south ( mainly because they 're a couple doors down from a cheese shop with a kapiti icecream stall , but yeah ), 
  we already have a bunch of people coming in to our shop , apparently we have a bunch of pokemon in there naturally or something . 
  i reckon we set up a pokestop next to some accessories that 'd be good for the recently active, 
  given how slow they walk , they ca n't have parked too far away or they 'd still be on their way, 
  * they know we exist !, 
  oh come on , you love it really, 
  ca n't remember off the top of my head - iirc it 's a bit on the pricey side , but not out of the ordinary for an artsy-ish shop at a tourist lunch-stop town, 
  by all means , go right ahead, 
  nah , my lightning sharp wit and sparkling personality . 
  but in all seriousness , just messing with you . 
  though we 've still yet to catch up proper so i ca n't say for certain ... 
  [ you 've got to start with hello ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3s6tfia8c8 ), 
  dairies come in other colours ? 
  obligatory cosmos is amazing, 
  but if you 're including the cost of the iss and the other objects in the photo , then you 'd need to include the total cost of the entire human constructs in a picture on the others too . 
  so a photo of earth with a couple major cities would likely top that cost easily, 
  we just need to convince them there are commie-islamists with oil on asteroids or something, 
  i think for my wallet 's sake i need to avoid that place , plus you only had like half of the books i was looking at last week, 
  huh , i assumed that was like a plant or some wrought iron thing or something for some reason . 
  tip top sign makes much more sense, 
  still not as bad as book depository . 
  should still gim me a yell if you get decent new history books in . 
  oh , and i could n't find any of those armchair travel books like the trigger when i was in today , do you guys have those somewhere ? 
  nah he has n't released a new one , was just meaning stuff of the same genre . 
  little of column a , little of column b , normally depends on who wins the rugby, 
  yeah i cross posted it from there, 
  big day at work today , combining two storerooms then splitting them up again . 
  should be great fun, 
  maybe for stations ? 
  there were some absolutely amazing tracks in both civ 5 and be . 
  pedro 's war theme , promethean , benedictite , the scramble for africa theme . 
  sure the menu theme post-vanilla may have been lacking , but that 's no reason to knock all of geoff knorr 's work . 
  most of it was fantastic, 
  spain is before sumeria alphabetically anyway ... 
  was pretty decent in chch as well, 
  and risotto, 
  why do you think spain having two leaders would be unlikely , out of curiosity ? 
  fair enough - as a modder i 'd love to have at least one as a `` this is how you do it '' sort of thing , but i can see how it 'd be a fair bit extra work, 
  i got my job literally the day after my last exam of high school , and i 've been there all throughout uni . 
  it 's a fantastic job , flexible hours , nearby , reasonably interesting and decent people , so i think i managed to luck out somehow, 
  yeah , i do n't think they have many actual duties . 
  our governor-general stopped by to read us a story one time at primary school, 
  holy shit, 
  it 's okay , we 're sending them the bill, 
  i still wonder about how feasible a c-130 style seaplane would be . 
  would make disaster relief missions to the islands much easier , and would freak the fuck out of illegal fishermen, 
  i hear rhys darby 's out there somewhere with a jetpack, 
  thankfully i did n't have class today - mainly because i 've changed which course i 'm doing and i 'm freaking out - but it also meant i missed out on the food market thing, 
  oh man , i was literally just about to post it now and came across this . 
  found you guys on / r/nz a month ago and bought your ep pretty much straight away . 
  please tell me you 've got some more stuff in the works !, 
  depending on how much leave he 's got there could be a fairly decent payout , plus savings . 
  yeah , i was thinking maori too . 
  unless it 's like some ww2 commemoration thing , i 'd say most likely would be they 're from new caledonia or french polynesia or something . 
  would love to know the background behind the pic, 
  edit : [ turns out they are maori ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4stzc4/when_you_forgot_to_update_your_last_unit_but_you/d5c6ahz ) , as part of a nz contingent invited as the guests of honour for bastile day celebrations, 
  better than a union jack-ified argentina, 
  see , i 'm all for free trade deals between similarly developed nations , but the huge extent of full-on neoliberalism has been hugely detrimental to lots of places worldwide . 
  i would n't be sad to see it go , provided we get to keep things like the eu , un , and nz-aus trade deal things, 
  freaking out about what to do next year . 
  thought i had another year of study , which would let me move out and still experience some of student life before having to enter the real world . 
  but apparently i have enough points to graduate at the end of this year , which has brought everything forward a year . 
  no fucking clue what to do, 
  ba with a double major in political science and history, 
  for a standard major you need ( as i understand it ) four courses at 300 level from that subject . 
  i assumed that for a double major you 'd need four from each , which would be two years . 
  apparently for some reason you only need two from each , meaning i 'm done at the end of this one, 
  i was meaning more the student clubs / socialising and the frequent alcoholism , not so much the huge workloads and drowning of sorrows . 
  that said , the advisors etc. 
  all strongly recommended honours, 
  was looking at either that or honours , which is better ? 
  yeah , was thinking about that . 
  still have n't quite got what all the different postgrad things are sussed out, 
  but is n't honours more work than masters ? 
  i dunno , harry potter is pretty hard to top, 
  hmm , maybe . 
  that 's one of the things i 've looked at , but i 'd be worried that a masters would shoe-horn me into that field, 
  yeah , was more in relation to [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/4sxkqc/nz_post_meridiem_random_discussion_thread_fri_15/d5d0nlq ) about being perceived as overqualified and being passed over on jobs as a result, 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm worried about . 
  i want to be able to get the thing that makes me stand out , but not so much that people do n't want to hire me, 
  cheers , glad to hear from someone who 's been in my shoes, 
  canterbury, 
  what 's your area ? 
  not if you 've got health insurance that covers dental , mine did, 
  depends on your policy . 
  mine covered everything but a $ 250 excess, 
  better than 2 grand, 
  shit just got real this morning , thoughts on turkey 's coup ? 
   not interesting . 
  speak for yourself, 
  they 're different - as far as i know they have n't actually declared independence and established themselves as an entirely separate state ( yet . ), 
  at this stage they 're just a region of spain with a decent amount of separatist sentiment ( similar to scotland ), 
  i figured they may have done some unilateral thing at some point , and knowing reddit someone would 've called me out on it . 
  anything that gets you off your face is popular in australia , reality there is too hard to cope with, 
  yeah , but it 's full of australians . 
  i loved arrow , and i never give up on tv shows , but i gave up watching season 4 . 
  started off okay , then went off the deep end fairly quickly, 
  sort of - you 're a snake that goes around eating little orb things , but there are other snakes going around as well .
