  it 's still there if you 're not subscribed , we 've just made it so that subscribers do n't need to see it all the time, 
  then on st patrick 's day it can be shamrock fm , perfect, 
  the links still need to be created first, 
  political songs would be cool too , though i dunno if that would count with the no politics thing . 
  i 'm sure if the focus is songs it should be fine, 
  but why not kill simmons and impersonate her ? 
  's all good , i 'm still sober enough to keep an eye on things, 
  not 'til i move out, 
  there was a user-created expansion pack for a game i used to play which ported over some of the wonder models from civ iv as objects , then a couple years later i saw civ iv complete on sale and thought ` why not ? ', 
  couple years more and i 'd switched my plans from a zoology degree to politics and history , and was preordering civ v, 
  we 're still assuming he 's unharmed though , right ? 
  there 's been no proof of that iirc, 
  as far as i know , there 's no identifying features on the ballot itself , so even if that were a rule there 's no way of determining whether someone voted in the first referendum short of comparing the dna from licking the envelope, 
  i 'm guessing a decent chunk of them personally, 
  too late , maybe in a couple decades . 
  1 day , ` is he dead ? ', 
  exam results came out yesterday - two a 's , a b + and a b - but i 'll need to check what the story is with the b since i had an aegrotat for the exam and my essay grades were b + and a - , so it should probably be one of them . 
  we do n't have to worry about that in nz either, 
  you 're thinking of australians , we 're completely different . 
   this makes no sense . 
  i not going to pander because certain things offend certain people . 
  calling them hysterical idiots is n't really being nice , so that 'd be grounds for removal anyway . 
  but regardless , i think the daily does manage to stay fairly independent of events elsewhere in the sub , and it 'd be nice if it stayed like that as far as i 'm concerned , though i 'm not going to remove posts to enforce it . 
   lol did you just make that up ? 
  care to give that rule in writing ? 
  given she posted it online , technically it is in writing . 
  i was expecting a lockwood win anyway , as much as it annoys me, 
  could have either conquered the city which built it , or just got the opener for patronage since iirc openers do n't show up on that screen . 
  also , dude . 
  seriously . 
   rule 6 : no editorialising titles, 
  please resubmit your submission with a more suitable and less editorialised title . 
  ~ ~ well , technically it 's not illegal at all ( iraq requested foreign assistance ) and you could argue depending on your point of view that it 's not immoral either . 
  add to that that it 's not so much an invasion as in they 're not going in with the aim of conquest like they did in 2003 , and as of yet they have n't committed substantial ground forces or usurped any government in the region , and it 's pretty much near your entire comment ~ ~, 
  edit : just realised you were talking about 2003 , my mistake . 
  still a bit more complex than that , but yeah . 
  / u/roobinkrumpa , it 's been 24 hours . 
  you still alive ? 
  i 'd go back to japan too , i reckon . 
  absolutely loved what i saw of it ( except the shitty part of osaka we got stuck in ) and would love to be able to go back without the regimented itinerary of a school trip and check out some of the stuff i missed . 
  my main concern though is that i 'm remembering it just as much as spending time with the other people on the trip as the place itself , so going back on my own would ruin it . 
  one of my favourite memories of the trip was just going off and spending a day getting lost in nagasaki 's chinatown with a girl who at the time i cared a lot for , and i 'm not sure it would be the same if it was just me going off alone , you know ? 
  i remember new year 's day last year , my manager was in the fetal position under his desk . 
  you 'll be fine, 
  could n't you just scrape the data off their websites , assuming they have one ? 
  a la pricespy ? 
  anyone have any idea what the song they 're playing is ? 
  i do n't recognise it ... 
  do n't we have a presence in south sudan too ? 
  or are they just kiwis working for the un instead of kiwis working as part of a un mission ? 
   of course the same can be said of tibet and xinjiang . 
  i was under the impression that xinjiang was still very different from the rest of china , and the bulk of domestic attacks in china come from resistance in that region against chinese policies ? 
  trying to have an impact and actually having an impact are two different things, 
  it seems to be on the small flag , if you check out something like the [ rnzaf page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_new_zealand_air_force ) the flag next to `` country : new zealand '' is the black and blue lockwood flag, 
  edit : it 's in the [ edit history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:flag_of_new_zealand.svg ) of the actual nz flag page , not the nz page itself . 
  looks like it was fixed on the actual page at least back last month , 8 minutes after it was changed . 
  i 'm guessing the rest might be caching issues ? 
  yeah , it 's being weird for me too . 
  it 's showing up on the rnzaf page , and if i click the flag directly it shows the lockwood one but if i open it in a new tab it shows me the current one . 
  what about the balkans though , were n't we assigned to the un there as well ? 
  i suppose that 's the impact of modding / r/politics, 
  we 're talking about the rule as a whole now , bear with us, 
   before colonization , much of subsaharan africa outside of arab settlement were hunter-gatherer focused societies . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  we have evidence of huge cities built in zimbabwe and surrounding areas in southern africa by trading empires , rich and developed kingdoms in the congo which were even considered civilised by the portuguese who met them in the 14th century , successive empires in west africa which were rich enough to single-handedly devalue gold across the whole of europe and the middle east with just what the king brought for hajj , and numerous kingdoms throughout central africa and the lakes district which again were large trading partners with the swahili city states along the east african coast . 
  that 's not even beginning to mention the sultanates along said coast , the complex and devout kingdoms of ethiopia which again built great cities , or the kingdoms in nubia which were so skilled with use of the bow and arrow that they were able to repel any invaders into their territory and prevented roman and muslim advances south of egypt by way of the nile for over a thousand years . 
  to just write off the whole region as hunter gatherer societies is pretty much the furthest from the truth as is possible , and would be pretty much like saying the whole middle east is just bedouin, 
  maybe we should trial having this one start at 2pm again ? 
  i kind of liked it , but last time there was a revolt . 
  plus it 's cool seeing everyone wind down first before the binge drinking starts, 
  there 's people being all subtle about it , and then there 's this . 
  definitely used on 3 news too , got frantically called in by mum to watch because there was a link to uc, 
  become a hooker and/or drug dealer ? 
  trying to say that if you want to make hopes and dreams disappear that 'd be a fairly efficient way of making it happen . 
  would n't that by default mean no laws though ? 
  i mean , unless you 're on a small enough scale where every single person can vote on something and are thus all equal , any attempt to impose laws would by default create a hierarchy , would n't it ? 
  anyone have a mirror for this ? 
  i could see it for about 10 seconds , then for some reason it crapped out and wo n't display anymore, 
  i used to love end of year at school . 
  was great fun , nothing ever got done and you could just play games with your mates all day . 
  plus there was normally chocolate, 
  can confirm the first two are still done ( or at least were two years ago ) and the third was n't because our school pool was replaced with a gym before my time, 
  applying for next year 's uni now . 
  question is whether or not to put law in alongside politics . 
  any opinions ? 
  nah , if anything it 'd be more in the international field , or in government behind the scenes or something . 
  though international human rights lawyer or something would be kind of cool, 
  most likely ( as in , 95 % ) not going to be a lawyer , looking more at either the policy side or something on the international stage . 
  i 've heard law is one of those things where you either love it or you hate it . 
  was going to just take 101 anyway and see what it 's like , but apparently 300 level papers are twice the assessed workload or something and so i can only take four instead of eight . 
  could spread it out over two years , but that 'd make it even longer . 
  other option i 'm considering would be to upgrade history to a major alongside politics and then do honours in politics or something . 
  shit , that sounds awesome . 
  i 've wanted to do the paris to dakar for a while , but ebola and terrorism seem to have put a stop to the proper thing ( not that i 'd ever end up getting a chance to do it . ), 
  definitely something to go on my bucket list now, 
  the school thing sounds like a cool idea too . 
  only thing i 'd be concerned with is that i think it coincides roughly with the school holidays , so you might miss out on a bit of the trip which would make it not the same . 
  still would definitely be worth it if you can somehow figure out how to get a stable form of communication and figure out how to work it into the curriculum . 
   private social housing going ahead, 
  how is this any different to a normal housing project ?
