  there are a fair few [ short walks ] ( http://www.doc.govt.nz/parks-and-recreation/places-to-go/canterbury/places/aoraki-mount-cook-national-park/ ) both there and [ from the village ] ( http://www.doc.govt.nz/parks-and-recreation/places-to-go/canterbury/places/aoraki-mount-cook-national-park/things-to-do/tracks/aoraki-mount-cook-village-walking-tracks/ ) which are probably worth checking out , it 's pretty awesome up there if you get a good day for it . 
  access is from [ the east ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/qiut59ejzck ) , easiest way is to go up the middle on your way back up to christchurch , and either spend a night there or in tekapo . 
  normally i 'd suggest tekapo because it 's got the observatory and you can see a ton of awesome space stuff there at night , but it would n't get dark enough until like 11 or so at least , maybe later . 
   8 - getting back to auckland . 
  i currently have our last place as christcurch , and fly from there back to auckland . 
  would it make any sense to get back by bus/car ? 
  it 's easy enough to get back by car , but if you want it 's just as easy to drop the car off in christchurch and fly back . 
  if you 're going by car i 'd recommend two days at least , but it 'd be worth it so that you can check out the kaikoura coast and some of the stuff up the middle of the north which you might have missed on the way down . 
   9 - what should i plan in advance , while leaving the rest to the day of , or while we 're there ? 
  definitely try and book as much of the trip as you can now , especially in the touristy areas . 
  you 're coming out in peak season for both domestic and international travel , so a lot of hotels will be booked up and will have been for a while . 
  better to be prepared with them instead of facing a nasty surprise of having nowhere to stay . 
  a campervan could alleviate this , though you 'd still need a spot at night as freedom camping is generally frowned upon and in some cases carries hefty fines . 
  as far as the rest of it goes , your schedule seems fairly tight . 
  although it seems like we 're a small country , it takes a fair while to get places . 
  first couple days / u/nzimmo hits the nail on the head , you 'd be pushed for time getting down to rotorua and would be better taking it slow and giving yourself a bit more time . 
  waitomo caves is your best bet for glowworm caves , though it seems they do n't offer proper kayaking . 
  rafting or just a normal tour are still options though . 
  i 'd recommend definitely spending a day or two in wellington , either both at once or one at each end . 
  it 'd be a good rest point before and after the ferries , since they 'll both be long days . 
  speaking of which , i 'd suggest nelson or kaiteriteri instead of blenheim on the third , unless you 're keen on your wine . 
  on the 17th i 'd suggest driving down to te anau , and spending a night there before going up to milford sound . 
  it makes for a much easier trip , and means that you beat all the buses from queenstown and get an overall nicer drive . 
  only issue with having a car comes up here though given the routeburn track is n't a circuit . 
  maybe leave the car in queenstown / glenorchy and bus back from milford ? 
  actually , those two are awkwardly spaced , since the kepler would make more sense ex-te anau too . 
  not sure about that , might need someone more experienced in the area . 
  after that though , i 'd suggest another day in the area and then drive up the middle of the island . 
  if you go from queenstown to mt cook on the 23rd , and spent the 24th there , you could get to christchurch on the 25th , wellington on the 26th and auckland on the 27th , though the last day would be a ton of driving . 
  it 's definitely possible though , especially if you stick to sh1 . 
  google seems to reckon a touch under 8 hours , though i 'd say closer to 10 or 12 to err on the side of caution . 
  worst case scenario you could always spend another night in taupo or ( god forbid ) hamilton and leave early morning to get to auckland with enough time for shopping etc. 
  hopefully this helped , let me know if you have any more questions and i 'll do my best to answer them !, 
  enjoy your time here !, 
  hey , i 'm staying neutral . 
  i 'm gon na swiss this one out . 
  sounds like me even more, 
  yeah , the sidebar still needs updating . 
  feel free to help out with it if you want, 
  he 's still just bitter for the thrashing we handed the english in the world cup, 
  well then quit your damn whinging and be patient, 
  i 'm surprised he lived , i 'd have thought there was norway someone could survive that . 
  shit , you too ? 
  they should be ... 
  i work for one of them as a sort of store person kind of thing , pay is pretty rubbish but could be worse . 
  people would depend on what branch you go to , the ones at my work are mostly decent people with a couple of absolute dicks that are the stereotypical salesperson shark kind of position . 
  that 's a gorgeous plane, 
  better than minimum wage , though only just . 
  from what i gather a fair bit of the amount of money you get will be from sales as opposed to just the base rate , whereas in my position it 's a bit different since i do n't get commission or sell stuff , and i 'm just on the base rate . 
   i guess i kinda love retail a little . 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  1 - cloth / fabrics ? 
  2 - i was going to say polio but that 's not quite gone yet . 
  plague 's still around too , hmm . 
  maybe it 's not a human disease or something ? 
  5 - refrigeration, 
  6 - bloody hell , they 're discovering new ones every week or so . 
  like 50 or so ? 
  9 - new horizons :d, 
  oh wow , that 'd be nice . 
  i 'm in a mall working 9-9 at least with hoards of angry christmas shoppers . 
  the real question is though whether winnie would side with labour in a 2030 parliament or not, 
  that 's still pretty much a bbq , except the bbq is upside down in the dirt . 
  hammered , wasted , smashed , shitfaced , pissed , on the piss , boozed up , fucked up , off his face , twangered ... 
  getting drunk is our national pasttime , we have a lot of words for it, 
  he found the adult fizzy drinks under the table and was a good sharer, 
  did that make you feel better ? 
  depends on how much time you have and whether you 're wanting just a long weekend sort of thing or a full on holiday . 
  could always rent a camper and stay somewhere , even if queenstown is booked up there 's still a bunch of towns out in the area around it if you do n't mind being in a one-horse kind of place . 
  motueka 's kind of the other end of the island though ... 
  bit of a trick question if the answer is ` both ' though , is n't it ? 
  it 's not biased . 
  they 're not saying the speed tolerance reduction is good or bad , just that it 's been imposed . 
  therefore it 's not editorialised, 
  uc does n't give its results back until friday ... 
  this was months after jihadi john though ... 
  most tv shows only write episodes a week or two out iirc, 
  i 'm gon na give myself six and a half , since i got that # 2 was n't a human disease . 
  yeah , but he 'd been around for months before that . 
  killing their version of him in a drone strike is n't predicting anything , it 's just the most believable outcome that fits with the nature of the show, 
  would n't a straight flush be a b - , not a b ? 
  nah , it 's a traditional maori way of cooking food . 
  dig a big whole in the ground , throw in some heated stones , then your food , then cover it up with dirt and if you want set fire to the top, 
  have a chilled glass with refrigeration built in or something, 
  i feel like there should be a name for this . 
  the wellington windsock ? 
  which is probably why they did that in the first place, 
  does this still count if you only have one ex , and they were crazy ? 
   yup , as long as there is more veges than meat or fruit , and that white potatoes make up a relatively small portion of your vege intake . 
  22 sounds good right about now, 
  the problem with nz weather is that it can vary hugely , and with little warning . 
  it could easily be anywhere from mid-30s and sunny to near freezing with snow . 
  you could probably be fine with a +5 one , but just as easily could have a southerly come through and make it miserable, 
  i like that it lets me know when the daily has been posted, 
  manually flairing all the posts since the rest of / r/newzealand are slack buggers, 
  what are you down here for ? 
  oh right , that 'd explain why of all places / u/appexxd is going to timaru . 
  i mean , come on . 
  because it 's timaru , that 's reason enough . 
  plus it 's 50kph the whole way through and state highway 1 is a bitch in the town and takes like 20 minutes at least,
