  technically true , but they 're still both pretty shit . 
  that 's why you say ` take us off your calling list ', 
  and , predictably , their fb page had accusations of them ` fat shaming ' . 
  i 'm not quite sure how to respond , i mean , the guy was fat , he sat on a donkey and the thing died . 
  how is that suddenly tv3 's fault ? 
  this would be great , especially if you can define it and only spawn inside it . 
  one of the problems i have with the map i 'm working on at the moment is that you end up with people spawning outside the base , or even in the enemy one . 
  being able to define where to spawn would be great for alleviating that, 
  actually , turkey changed that policy a bit back and said they could work with an independent kurdish state in the region . 
  gim me a sec and i 'll try and find the article, 
  edit : okay , found [ this ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com.au/turkey-may-support-independent-kurdistan-2014-7 ) . 
  was n't the article i remember seeing , but it covers the same sort of thing . 
  i wonder if there 's any way where somehow the kurdish groups across those countries , along with turkey / iran or whatever , would agree on a border for kurdistan and agree not to have any sort of territorial ethnic war to expand kurdistan ? 
  we 've got a story over here in nz about one of our prime ministers trying to explain our politics to a bunch of american students touring here . 
  he said something like `` now , we 've got labour who are like your democrats , and national , who are like your , um , democrats . '', 
  to be fair , labour are more left wing than the democrats , and the greens would be seen as evil commies in the states ( even though labour is the working men 's red party type thing ( or at least it used to be ) ) but yeah . 
  did we ever get resolution about that hive thing ? 
  that could be a good diggle episode, 
  / r/astrovikings, 
  it 's a very rare breed of fish found only in the waters around new zealand . 
  it can be identified by the ` pft ' noises which it makes to communicate, 
   been trying to sleep since 3am . 
  no luck . 
  i usually just go out onto the couch and turn on al jazeera or bbc world , helps get me to sleep quick enough, 
  it 's possible that games in that situation are ones where it was buggy and difficult to play when first released , but it 's since been fixed and is much better, 
  the french one in mali seemed to work reasonably well . 
  although to be fair that was n't the same sort of conflict as libya , since it was on the side of the government against islamists ( and tuareg ? 
  i think it was a three-sided war , not sure though ) so there was n't a power vacuum for this sort of thing to occur in, 
  bubbles are cities - so if you look at benghazi , most of the city is in the hands of the government , but a few sections around the outskirts are controlled by ansar al-sharia . 
  same thing with dirna , which is 1/3 controlled by each of the jihadist groups . 
  as for the shades , i 'm not as sure . 
  the first one has ` low ' and ` high ' labels for light and dark respectively , so maybe it 's like the dark areas are firmly in the hands of their respective groups , whereas the light colours are less aligned / secure ? 
  probably serious - it 's a great xmas tradition down here in nz , aussie too . 
  yeah . 
  i work in retail but not on the shop floor ( storeroom stuff ) and we have returned and damaged stuff just sitting there for years because no-one wants to sell it . 
  if people can discount it and get rid of it it saves a lot of work for us and allows us to use the floor space for undamaged stock, 
  it 's 10pm here , we 've finished the celebrating already . 
  just had family friends leave and i 'm enjoying a brief moment of peace and quiet between their hyperactive 8 year old and 12 hours of work in retail during the busiest sales of the year ( think black friday , but on boxing day ), 
  oh god , he 's up to using 21 % of his brain !, 
  he 's just 30 % away from developing * superpowers !, 
  nah , he just has self-esteem issues, 
  huh , for some reason the game is n't finding the cocoa icon . 
  what luxury mod do you have ? 
  i did this once ( posted here with the obligatory `` i 'm too high to be playing civ '' pun ) and it 's absolutely amazing . 
  throw in some decent noise cancelling headphones and i would willingly fly long-haul as much as possible * . 
  * provided the plane has a power-point at the seat . 
  not even in invercargill , which is saying something . 
  would cuba count , because of guantanamo bay ? 
  pretty sure leugi did some lua for the maratha that allows multiple units from the free tech thing to be handled in the xml , if you wanted to use that, 
  bit disappointed her units do n't take 500 damage on mountains though . 
  or would it be 5 , to keep in line with positive 10 times ? 
  i do n't think that 's apathy . 
  i do n't give a shit what your nationality , sexual orientation / gender identity , religion or whatever is , so long as you treat others with differing ones with respect . 
  if you come to me and try to shove your religion down my throat then i 'm going to have an issue with it , but i 'm not going to have an issue with another person who follows the same one . 
  acceptance is probably exactly not caring . 
  i ca n't remember what song it is ( think it 's bob marley , not 100 % though ) but there 's a line that goes `` until the colour of man 's skin / is of no more significance / than the colour of his eyes '' and i think that 's it . 
  nobody discriminates against people because of their eye colour , and it 's just an accepted thing that people have differences in it . 
  we 're not apathetic about eye colour , we just do n't see it as an issue . 
  treating other stuff the same does n't suddenly mean you 're being apathetic about the identity of other people , it just means you 're accepting their identity and judging them as a person instead . 
  i work at another tech store , and we 've done something similar without malicious intent . 
  we just ran out of the normal price ticket paper , and had to use the sale paper for the normal ones until we got more in, 
  that almost annoys me as much as `` $ x and up '' , like `` everything in store $ 2 and up ! '', 
  - you could have one item cost $ 2 and everything else $ 200 and still be correct, 
  i work in retail , and i 'll assure you that , at least in some places , it 's definitely real . 
  we were selling some stuff for hundreds of dollars off , and a lot of what 's on sale is cheaper than even the staff rates . 
  yeah , i probably should n't have singled out religion with that bit . 
  it 's just religion which is probably the most prevalent among the ones which people seem to force on others ( although arguably it also comes in with sexuality when there 's an adverse reaction to coming out ) - i was condemned to hell on the streets of wellington by a guy on a soapbox once , which was fun . 
  although , i suppose as a straight middle class white guy i probably do n't see much other discrimination like it against me for the other ones , so it could be different in reality, 
  are n't there still more civs though ? 
  yeah , but there 's a difference between supporting a course and what happened . 
  it 's the same with everything , i 'm non-religious but i do n't go out denouncing religious people , and i support palestine but i do n't go around threatening to kill israelis . 
  just because they support the falklands being argentinian does n't mean they condone this action . 
  not sure what the goal is , but i was finished in 15 seconds . 
  there 's so many teleports , flags and end zones that no matter what you do you 're going to finish way too quickly . 
  did you update the map link ? 
  still looks the same to me ( the preview has changed , though ), 
  wrapped in a riddle, 
  wo n't know until the portals are working , but it definitely looks better than it did, 
  not sure what happened , but i spawned in the little triangle on the bottom left :(, 
  edit : disregard , spawned in the blue team when testing, 
  anything with a ph higher than 8, 
  oh i dunno , i reckon the all blacks are gon na be in with a shot . 
  i thought 7-8 was neutral ? 
  what are your plans for next year ? 
  ( it 's not midnight yet , right ? ), 
  if you 're going to uni then a hall could be a possibility , i think a student loan may be able to cover some of the cost . 
  even if you 're not going to uc , if you 're going to a tertiary education place in chch i think you can still live at the ilam apartments of uc . 
  they 're all fairly pricey though , but they 're probably your best bet if you need an exit plan asap . 
  i just finished first year at uc and have been thinking about them , still trying to figure out finances though . 
  feel free to hit us up if you ever need someone to chat to too , it 's not like i would n't just be sitting on reddit most of the time anyway, 
  i do n't think they 're fictional , i just think they 're not as much of a threat as they 're made out to be . 
  i mean , their advances in iraq were largely due to fleeing iraqi soldiers , and then they stalled as soon as they met a bit of resistance . 
  when fighting the kurds they sent a tank in unescorted into a narrow street which it could n't manouver or use side-arms in , against an enemy which had anti-tank weaponry . 
  does n't take sun tzu to know that 's a fucking stupid move, 
   unfortunately i 'm not planning to further my education, 
  ah , well that puts a spanner in the works . 
  any particular reason why not ? 
  if you were thinking about it though ( trying to figure out how to make this not sound preachey , and failing miserably . 
  so screw it ) it would provide an accomodation solution and from what i 've seen , a fairly great support net of student facilities . 
  money could be an issue still , but you 'd probably be able to get a loan and potentially allowance too , which does n't need to be repaid .
