  so , a quick summary of my past week . 
  monday i handed in history essay 1 , went and got books for politics essay . 
  wednesday i found out that history essay 2 , which i thought was due on the 11th , is actually due on the 5th . 
  this prompted quick action on politics essay , which was due on the 29th, 
  thursday the politics lecturer gave us the weekend for the politics essay, 
  thursday night my computer with 1/2 of the essay on it decides not to wake up after going into sleep mode . 
  force restart later and the bios is n't even starting . 
  friday morning i take it into the pc shop to get it fixed , thankfully under warranty because it did the same thing last month . 
  back after the lecture and thankfully everything was still there . 
  saturday morning , while already late for work , my car battery decides it 's a good day to die after eight years and my car wo n't start . 
  end up showing up to work late , though with no repercussions thankfully . 
  so now i 'm sitting here , $ 200 worse off after a new battery , with 2000 words to write in two days . 
  yeah , that 's my thinking . 
  it just so happened to die in the middle of essay season though, 
  yeah , most people have said i should be using the cloud , but when you 're writing an essay in two days with spotty internet it 's easier to have it local, 
  sorry i took so long , forgot about it !, 
  [ here 's the one i use ] ( http://www.aurora-service.net/aurora-forecast/ ) , though / u/ekanttakephotos may have a better one that i do n't know about . 
  keep in mind that the times are utc , so you need to convert it to nzdt ( should just be +13 ), 
  [ looks like that was sampled in too me by deluxe ] ( http://www.whosampled.com/ebo-taylor/love-and-death/ ) , he had another song sampled by usher though, 
   but we are hoping that the public sides with us and also puts pressure on the dhbs . 
  what 's the best way to demonstrate this ? 
  sometimes if it 's a good song . 
  i remember coming home late one night after work , it was dark and raining ( but not pissing down , ) and mikey havoc decided to put on paul anka 's cover of [ black hole sun ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zejggkrbuxi ) . 
  it was the first time i 'd heard it and was something special , i got home just as the piano came in and just sat there in the car for the rest of the song . 
   swahili and arab traders did not reach the eastern parts of the congo basin until the mid-19th century . 
  is it true that they ventured into the interior of the east ( kenya / tanzania etc ) a lot earlier than this ? 
  was the exploration into the congo basin just an extension of this or was it a dedicated new program ? 
  he 's got a whole album of big band covers of rock songs . 
  [ wonderwall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rci27zi30nc ) and [ jump ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyijvbmhaqo ) are pretty cool too . 
   regards ,, 
   robbiedefend, 
  ftfy, 
   national inc. ~ ~ tackling ~ ~ , ~ ~ denying ~ ~ , ~ ~ ignoring ~ ~ , ~ ~ avoiding ~ ~ blaming labour for the difficult issues since 2008 . 
  ftfy, 
  well there 's the problem , why not ? 
  mexico is great, 
  have you got a mirror ? 
  looks like the gif was taken down, 
  personally i feel like with the exception of maybe one or two things ( two players seeing each other comes to mind , ) he did n't so much lie as he was a victim of his own game . 
  there may very well be planets out there that are what we saw in the trailers , but because they decided to go hard or go home with the scale of it , the vast majority of players ended up constantly seeing planets that look the same instead of the variety and the cherry picked planets from previews . 
  if we got rid of 17 quintillion of the filler planets there 'd be a lot more interesting things and still the semblance of scale imo . 
  i 'd also put more blame on sony for hyping it up to aaa standards when it 's clearly not going to be close with such a small and inexperienced team, 
  i think it 's not so much that they thought kikongo is extinct language , but rather that sources on the kongolese military are for the most part either in portuguese or kiswahili , and to a western audience kiswahili seems more authentic than portuguese even though the portuguese were there for like three times longer than the swahili, 
  yeah , once the ocean is gone first then it 's really difficult, 
  is the official name czechia now , or is it still czech republic ? 
  i heard they were looking at changing it but was n't sure if it ever happened or what the story was, 
  there was actually a mod back before g&k called better japanese city names which fixed their city list . 
  i 'll see if i can track it down, 
  awesome , cheers for the response . 
  while you 're here , can you give any recommendations on a good source or two on the region for someone wanting something accurate but not necessarily full-on academic in terms of vocab and style ? 
  a polynesian city list update was legit one of the first mods i did . 
  pissed me off so much, 
  just finished my last essay as an undergrad ... 
  verify it with us so i can put an end to this bitching, 
  when you say ` see ' what are you meaning ? 
  do you want to actually see it like in the photos or just get a photo of it ? 
  sorry , how about now . 
  i can see where you 're coming from , but for someone not musically inclined that just likes to share cool songs they found it can be pretty hard to figure out what genre something is sometimes , especially if it 's beyond a standard ` blues ' / ` rap ' type thing . 
  if anything , we should have a guide on what sort of genre things are to stop that , and stop the fifty `` indie pop '' posts a day, 
  they might be a little bit outside the requirements for the sub now , but it 's only just and i found them through here so eh . 
  should give kaleo a shot , they 're about 50/50 blues rock and indie folk so it might be a bit hit and miss with you ( unless you like blues as well , they 're pretty damn cool ) but i 'd suggest the likes of [ save yourself ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yyskt6--h0 ) , [ automobile ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcuylac6tzo ) , [ all the pretty girls ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnwgokl5nry ) and [ i ca n't go on without you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfnodsvmke4 ) first off, 
  yeah , that you might be able to get away with it being a 7 or 8 if conditions were perfect ( like clear skies , still , new moon etc ~ ~ and a citywide power cut ~ ~ ), 
  yeah , it happens a fair bit . 
  i mean your post as a whole has over 350 votes and you 're only at +21, 
  yeah it 's all legit, 
  when the top comment only has 6 points on a post with this many you know it 's gon na be bad, 
  kakapo and kiwi chicks are the delicacy of choice this easter, 
  because why should i have to settle for subpar chocolate if i want something other than a big block of it ? 
  how much does the qualification cost over there ? 
  i looked at it here and it was six figures, 
   education and healthcare have more funding than they ever did under labour . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  okay yeah that 's just about enough out of you, 
  i think it 's an almost certainty, 
  i tend to watch either raiders or the last crusade . 
  there 's just something about the indy films which always seems to make me feel better, 
  i thought even if subreddits banned the bot you could still post and get a pm reminder ? 
  he 's already been playing that card though . 
  `` i 'm bad but so is bill '' could almost be his campaign slogan at this point, 
  there are a couple which are strictly civil political discussions and are pretty heavily moderated , but i 'd agree with you for the candidate subreddits, 
  oh how i 've missed political u2, 
  i 'm trying to figure out whether they 're covering it under sports or under reality tv, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  fuck if you were going into central govt with a new political party then sign me up - this was one of the few times i 've wished i lived in auckland , would have loved to get involved with the campaign somehow and was a huge fan of your platform of trying to increase voter turnout - hoping to do something similar next year through the politics society at uni . 
  i was half expecting grant robertson , jacinda ardern et . 
  al to split from labour and form their own left wing party when the unions got little elected , but that never happened so i still think there 's room for another there - though the issue of increased fragmentation on the left would need to be dealt with , and taking votes from the traditional youth strongholds of the greens could have a detrimental effect if you do n't reach 5 % . 
  if you were successful enough in mobilising people who do n't normally vote on the other hand then it could have the opposite effect and work really well . 
  political parties seem to be courting the youth vote this time , nz first has already started , the greens have always done it and i 'd imagine it 'll get even more intense next year , so they definitely know there 's a market there . 
  in terms of the perception issues you talked of , i can see how that would definitely be an issue , but it does n't necessarily have to be . 
  i mean , without trying to be detrimental , you 're not going to come close to being one of the major parties in your first go , so you 're not going to be tarred with the brush of going for prime minister , and you could probably even go for an electorate approach - though that would have the same issue as the left has faced before with splitting the vote and opening the door for national , so it could cause further issues . 
  just realised i 've written way too much and assumed you 'd be on the left through the whole of it , but ah well , see how it goes . 
  would love to see you try and build on the momentum for a decent cause though !, 
  i was fully prepared to remove this as just another trump brigader , glad i was proven wrong, 
  we need a new sidebar pic , any suggestions ? 
  spent most of the past week trying to figure out what to do with my life - have to decide what i 'm doing next year , and whether i 'm going flatting or not . 
  this whole decision making shit is annoying, 
   moving out is generally accepted ( and recommended ) as something one does in the adulting process . 
  you learn a lot of things about yourself in addition to independence , personal finance , and responsibility . 
  yeah , i 'm definitely planning to move out at some point , just whether to do so now or wait a bit longer, 
  something like this would be really cool .
