  it 's only that in the us this correlates so much because . . well , look at the freakin map . 
  absolutely , i 'm not arguing that . 
  i 'm just saying that , at least in a fair few cases , gay rights * is * a religious issue . 
  when we had gay marriage come before parliament here in nz the main opposition to it was from the religious , while as you point out in america it 's the religious right which opposes it . 
  then there 's the extremes like uganda , where it 's religious ( or at least founded in religious motivation , ) and the middle east where it 's opposed for the same reason . 
  i 'm not saying that every time there 's a debate around gay rights the opposition to it is due to religious opposition , i 'm just saying that a lot of the time it is . 
  do you get many kiwis / aussies on their oe at your pub ? 
  what are they like ? 
  holy crap , are the conservatives really more moderate than national ? 
  i can stop anytime i want !, 
  you may wish to try / r/askhistorians , they should be able to help figure out an answer, 
  subreddit mods can approve posts by shadowbanned people if they want to , iirc, 
  that 's the sound of the wood pigeons on top of it celebrating, 
  man mourns russian space sex geckos, 
  women inherit the earth, 
  if you read the above post , it was n't the catholic church destroying idols but the protestants . 
  but that does n't make the catholic church hypocrites, 
  gedemon 's [ yet ( not ) another earth map pack ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=397387 ) , it 's what all the mods with tsl compatibility use, 
  i saw the comment about open bottles and spent way too long trying to find one in the pic up top . 
  took me about five minutes to realise there were more, 
  if it 's anything like nz it 's underage to buy , not to drink, 
  do n't know about australia , but here in nz the private schools are usually religious ones or ones for people who ca n't see the public schools because their nose is too high in the air, 
  first planet key , then this . 
  beginning to wonder when / r/nz will be taken down for `` anti-government propaganda '', 
  especially if john key rang up and gave them a bit of a push ... 
  i love how people try to silence stuff like this . 
  they now have a guy with the exact same access and information as before , only this time they 've pissed him off . 
  wait until he can not recall if he had any involvement . 
  maybe a failsafe thing too , so that if they get found and arrested for whatever reason everything 's sent to the media, 
  well , we were n't invaded after we said no to america 's nuclear ships and they 're already spying on us , so i ca n't see much changing, 
  and what implications did that have for new zealand , other than not being forced into iraq ? 
  we 've still got a huge amount of trade with the us and the rest of the world , we 're held in high regard internationally and often lead the charts in development alongside scandinavia , and are seen as a good neutral party in foreign relations . 
  america has already said that they 're spying on the other people in the agreement , so that 's not going to change . 
  we 're not going to get any intel . 
  from the agreement , but the only time we 've ever had foreign terrorism on our shores it was carried out by a western government . 
  if anything , siding up with america would make us more of a target to terrorism . 
  tell me then , what down sides of withdrawing do you see ? 
  oh what , you reckon that the us would throw out a free trade deal because we 're not sharing our pineapple lumps recipe ? 
  given the state of the current ` free trade deal ' on the table , i think it would be good to go back to the drawing board on that, 
  honestly , i think the benefits would outweigh the drawbacks . 
  america 's no longer calling all the shots and has n't got the western world blindly following . 
  i think we 'd be able to comfortably survive without five eyes, 
  i put i think twice in there , i 'm sure the good people of / r/nz are able to pick up on opinions . 
  i 'm aware that there are others , but like with america i do n't see any of them getting shitty at us for pulling out , other than maybe having to stitch new jackets, 
  * the ancient oracle said that i was the wisest of the greeks . 
  it is because i alone know that i know nothing *, 
  i thought they were referring to coffee ... 
  it 's not just the american football teams , either - if you 've ever seen a rugby game between the all blacks and someone like samoa it 's pretty cool , they perform [ their own haka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idcatvdrulw ) before the game too . 
  you 're forgetting murray 's house . 
  i do n't even know how to respond to this . 
  ooh , i like that . 
  then refuse him re-entry into nz because there 's no reason for him to come back , since climate change does n't exist !, 
  that 's in the states though , is it the same thing here ? 
  oh sure , and i suppose child poverty is the parent 's fault for having the baby in the first place too . 
  nothing to do with the government banning abortions ... 
  i think it 's all about the execution, 
  sorry for not picking up on it , have an upvote, 
  [ obligatory empire ii / medieval iii post ], 
  * see toni !, 
  i told you it was stealing !, 
  i 'll see you in court . 
  i think we need to ask ourselves `` is our children learning ? '', 
  a bit more , with grammar like that, 
  you know you 've hit the big time when you 've got storm troopers guarding your event, 
  can we get one from peter dunne 's bow-tie ? 
  where do you live ? 
  might pay to stop off in hawaii for a couple nights on the way down , i remember doing a helicopter tour over the lava fields on the big island and being able to see a lava flow through a collapsed bit of the surface, 
  out of curiosity - why ? 
  so you would n't even consider voting for a minor party , some of which are n't the same ` political elite ' of the major parties ? 
  either that or just cast a spoiled ballot , so that it 's essentially counted as a vote of no confidence ? 
  okay , i 'm going to sound really corny here but i ca n't think of any better way of saying it . 
  it 's the whole ` no snowflake in an avalanche ' thing , you may be casting just one vote , but elections are entirely comprised of people casting ` just one vote ' . 
  sure , your vote may just be one pebble in the scheme of things , but so are the votes of everyone else . 
  when you vote , you combine your pebble with the pebbles of other people who are voting for the same person as you , and suddenly instead of tiny ripples you get a splash and big ripples , then you get a wave . 
  enough people vote and you get that tsunami you were hoping for . 
  there are so many people enrolled to vote who do n't , that their combined votes would be enough to get nearly any party into power . 
  can you imagine that ? 
  if everyone that is n't going to vote showed up and voted for the civilian party , we would n't have hamilton anymore . 
  there was an electoral commission website that let you add the number of non-voters to any political party ( or a new one ) and show how the balance of power would shift as a result . 
  now , i 'm not sure about this next part , but i think it also adjusts the percentages needed for seats . 
  say 1000 people vote , and 50 of them vote conservative . 
  if an extra 100 people spoil their ballot ( or vote ) that were enrolled but were n't going to vote , instead of getting 5 % of the vote the conservatives would only get 4.5 % , and would n't get enough votes to pass the 5 % threshold and enter parliament . 
  again , if enough people do this that no party can form a required majority it sends a clear vote of no confidence and another election is needed . 
  this shows the politicians that you and the country do n't believe in them and that they need to up their game . 
  wow , that kind of got a bit preachy , sorry about that . 
  this is just coming from a guy that turned 18 a couple months ago and has been waiting a long time to be able to even be allowed to vote , and personally i do n't understand how someone can be so disenfranchised that they are put off voting entirely ( which was claimed by some as national 's goal . ), 
  i mean , ( again , sorry for the cliche example ) there are thousands of people literally fighting wars and that are willing to die , just to have the right to have a say in government , and their say would be much less than yours . 
  the benefit of our political system is that we do n't have just the two parties , and you 're voting for the lesser of the two evils . 
  we 've got 18 registered political parties in this election , and i 'm almost certain that not all of them are run by assholes . 
  so yeah , i ca n't tell you what to do or what to believe , but all i can say is that i hope you at least take another look at some of the political parties , and if you 're still put off by the thought of them all at least consider making your disapproval known in such a way that it 'll come through in the statistics . 
  sandflies are the spawn of the devil . 
  i 've lived in nz my whole life and i 've never seen the hat thing be an issue . 
  if i 'm wearing a hat and i go into a cafe , i 'll take it off and put it on the table . 
  same with my dad , who 's lived here his whole life too . 
  it 's not because we like offending people , it 's just not that much of an issue outside of a marae or maori cultural centre thing . 
  it 's full of freedom eagles, 
  most of the time when i use it i 'm agreeing with the person , then using nah as a filler at the start of the next sentence . 
  depends on the context , i 've heard it both ways, 
  it was a spoof on / r/ameristralia, 
  we took the piss out of him because got pissed that he pissed himself while getting pissed on the piss,
