  i like it when it 's a warm wind , but southerlies and easterlies can get fucked, 
  what 's the standard cheese to butter conversion rate these days ? 
  i love buskers , provided they 're not pushy . 
  they add livelyness to a place , and give it a bit of culture and character . 
  it always seems too sterile without stuff like that, 
  unless it 's a sort of ` oi he 's my nemesis ' sort of thing, 
  property 's really a hot issue at the moment, 
  almost wonder if that was made for the final scene if it did n't get renewed , but then it got mixed around when it did, 
  i mean to be fair zeppelin travel got a whole lot less common and popular after that . 
  your argument would be if people stopped using electricity full stop, 
  longmire is kind of cool - it 's kind of like ncis ( same sort of show ) but follows a sheriff in wyoming instead, 
  the music on the blacklist is on point, 
  it 's set right near an indian reservation too , so you get a whole bunch of interaction there, 
  you have an interesting taste in music, 
  relevant , we just put up our [ mental health post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/6bz6wx/the_rnewzealand_mental_health_post/ ) which we could use a hand on, 
  that 's the goal, 
  why does little river link head in the opposite direction ? 
  also if we could just make a light rail network with this map that 'd be great, 
  how does that differ from bipolar disorder , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  goddamn , like seriously fuck cancer, 
  removing it for rule 1, 
  try the one that 's 467m deep , it 's bloody terrifying, 
  i 'm sure you 'd get shitloads of volunteers for the tree planting , speaking as someone who would volunteer for it, 
  what part did you have trouble with ? 
  i 'll try to help out, 
  controversial call, 
   islamic schools in nz shouldnt even exist . 
  people below pointing out that there are christian boys and girls schools , yes there are but you are stretching if you try to say they are the same thing . 
  they dont ban parents from watching their kids play sport for fucking starters . 
  there 's two different issues here . 
  the first is religious schools in general , and if you 're allowing christian schools then you should allow islamic / jewish / buddhist schools or anything along those lines too , no debate about it whatsoever . 
  there needs to be an even field for religion , no favouritism for christianity . 
  the second issue is when the values of the school conflict with new zealand values / rights or stuff like that . 
  there should be some way of merging the two so that this is n't an issue , and then if that 's impossible then religious schools should n't be a thing full stop, 
  oi do n't be a dick, 
  yeah , tibet at this point is well and truly part of china , disputes about whether it should be or not aside . 
  as for taiwan though , even though they both officially claim they 're the sole representatives of china , they 're a de facto independent country and have been for the better part of half a century , the only thing stopping them from being a de jure one being the china situation, 
  okay that 's just about enough from you, 
  did you read their comment at all ? 
  they 're not talking about the current state , they 're talking about what it should be, 
  / u/dirtyformal more proof seaplanes are the future, 
  would love to see the reverse - what if wellington had another massive quake and the land rose 9 metres ? 
  all the more reason to plant natives instead !, 
  do we have enough land to do both ? 
  i feel like it 's an average album full of great songs . 
  they fucked up by getting rid of winter , and with some of the additional edits to songs . 
  i love most of the songs on it though , unknown caller could use with slightly better lyrics but it 's not bad , but breathe , magnificent , and fez are fantastic . 
  the amount of times i had to do this for people at high school is pretty bad . 
  though it did mean i got to see a whole host of reactions , from `` it 's okay i 'm lesbian now '' to using a maths textbook to beat the guy round the head for not having the balls to do it himself, 
  you 're that fucker that wishes for infinite wishes are n't you, 
  that account is n't showing up ? 
  but then that 'd also invalidate the rule which forces them to give you three wishes, 
  the public toilets are called ` reliev-a-bull ' too, 
  ignore that guy , love seeing your stuff, 
  nah you 're not losing anything - just build docks and doors on the third floor and you 've got a new venice, 
  removed , rule 6, 
  damn good episode , glad to see the return of ~ ~ esposito ~ ~ huertas too . 
  so i think we all called it that the mystery woman was n't real ( was it confirmed that she was his mother ? ), 
  but interesting for them to be taking it in the ` something 's actually wrong ' direction . 
  could be a good way to wrap up the whole show too , something to tie the shorter series together and have a proper ending, 
  i thought that was the case , phone rang at that point so did n't hear the line properly, 
  personally i 'm of the opinion that if you think it 's worth sharing on the subreddit , then it 's worth them getting revenue from . 
  yeah but you 'd probably need internet for it, 
  in back to the future the protagonist 's name is marty ( mcfly ) , but then there 's also morty in the cartoon rick and morty . 
  / u/shadybiz is laughing at the freudian slip which caused / u/whangadude to call the character `` morty '' , as in the character from the modern ~ ~ unrelated , ~ ~ cartoon , as opposed to `` marty '' , the intended character from the 1985 hit movie . 
  edit : they 're not unrelated . 
  the south island ( particularly their proposed launch site on the kaitorete spit ) is still closer to the equator than baikonur is, 
  we already have territories up that way , nz 's officially one of four remaining colonial powers . 
  we could easily just use one of those islands, 
  one of their proposed launch sites is about half an hour away from here - it 's so fucking cool to me that i 'd be able to see rockets going into space on a regular basis if they go with that site, 
  pls i need the football flair , flair random thing hated me :(, 
  can the major league final be called the raptorbowl ? 
  rip diameter, 
  fuck australia , new zealand 's best zealand, 
  because you 're comparing potential future capacity to present capacity . 
  if you 're taking into account the future launch frequency of the nz space program ( holy shit i 'm actually typing nz space program and not having it science fiction ) then you also need to take into account the future launch frequency of the american program for it to be a fair comparison, 
  i mean tbh it 's pretty much a kiwi program , the rockets are built and designed here , the guy 's a kiwi , they 've got the silver fern on the side, 
  decent song but not sure how aerosmith is relevant, 
  see other replies , did n't realise ( though in hindsight it seems obvious ), 
  am postgrad , can confirm, 
  depends on how quick they catch it afaik - mate of mine had to get some cancerous moles removed over summer a couple years back , but he 's fine now, 
   also , it only took 20 years for the moa to go extinct . 
  what the hell , i 'd never heard that before . 
  that 's pretty sad . 
  though i thought it survived for a couple centuries in places ? 
  yeah , that 's the one . 
  you 'd get awesome shots of it with the aurora too, 
  what does it look like when the stuff is taken out ? 
  no , you 're not allowed to, 
  oh nah i meant if you just took the hatchet etc out , and left the burlap there . 
  wanted to see how well it fit around them with the foam, 
   streamed egg super ball . 
  2/10 not raptorbowl, 
  i 'm happy with what we have now for the party vote , though i will admit it potentially makes it more difficult for new parties to get into power, 
  are they conservative enough that they 'd want to prosecute people who speak out against religion though ? 
  difference being i actually like this song !, 
  i 'm the same though , i was n't completely sold based on what i heard from the concerts , but seeing a high quality version makes it much better . 
  the moment when edge 's guitar comes in after the bridge is amazing . 
  i 'm almost at a point where i 'd say it has * acrobat * levels of emotion in the lyrics too , which is sorely missed lately, 
  what ad block are you using ?
