  i really hope art deco comes back at some point , it 's so cool, 
  this is two days in a row , i 'm beginning to get worried . 
  are you trying to send a message ? 
  are you being held hostage ? 
   a sockastrophe if you will . 
  disappointed you did n't go with a sockalypse, 
  work phone ? 
  why would you need to pay the break fees ? 
  well that 's the risky click of the day, 
  let us finish night mode and the filter first at least , they should n't take long, 
  are n't you overestimating your willingness to do shit ? 
  for everything else , there 's mastercard, 
  give us a bit to finalise the features and all that , it 'll be easy enough when i actually set time aside to work on it . 
  but we need people to set up the wiki too so that we have room in the sidebar for the filters, 
  did we get a header for it in the end ? 
  pretty sure that 's not frost ... 
  oh sorry , i meant frost as in water , given it 's hamilton and all, 
  nah , i think the / s ruins it . 
  most people are able to pick up on it fairly easily, 
  but then you do away with regional representation . 
  most of the population is urban , does that mean that regional interests can be ignored ? 
  so i managed to win the redditdayof maori a couple days back with my map and i get to choose another theme . 
  any ideas ? 
  like how it was the reddit day of `` maori '' and today 's one is `` hated fictional characters '' - pretty much every day / r/redditdayof has a different subject , and users post stuff about that topic . 
  at the end of the day , the most upvoted post is deemed to have won , and the submitter gets to select another theme for a day . 
  i think it was 1227 . com or something , was n't it ? 
  i agree , get rid of the yin and yang and it 'd be probably my favourite flag here, 
  i 'd say a lot of it looks almost celtic or old english or something instead of maori , at least with the motifs ( not necessarily the skull ), 
  i 'm a sucker for 40 , always gets me when the whole crowd joins in . 
  this one has some cool new guitar work too from the sound of it , which makes it even better . 
  how 's that detainment going ? 
  ~ ~ how much violence was there when the govt stormed parihaka ? 
  or are you including that in the nz wars ? ~ ~, 
  there was also that mass shooting down otago way somewhere , ca n't remember the name of the place though . 
  edit : sorry , was misinformed about parihaka, 
  i 've got a couple sa civs planned , might even work with leugi on some of them if he sticks around for long enough . 
  did you have any in mind ? 
  it 's been really interesting watching / r/europe over the last couple months with the refugee crisis too . 
  they 've steadily become more and more racist , and where they used to be cool they 're almost more like / r/european in some regards now, 
  i would n't really count the epidemics in this regard - sure they had a lot of casualties , but they were n't ( as far as i know ) actively spread smallpox-blanket style and were n't direct acts of violence so much as an unintended consequence of interaction . 
  white supremacist version of european current events and all-around shithole, 
  oh whoops , my mistake . 
  thought for some reason that it ended with the govt storming the settlement and killing people who resisted , do n't know how i got that idea, 
  do we tell him ? 
  yeah , that 's [ one of mine ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=89755389 ) . 
  i should probably get around to updating it at some point, 
  not bad , but i think a fleur de lys would have been a better symbol for the second one than the eiffel tower, 
  especially if you make the trip out to paradise . 
  i went out there one time after a storm had gone through and ripped all the branches off the trees , so there were just a bunch of huge tree trunks standing upright with nothing on them . 
  was surreal, 
  depending on where you are , it 'll be expensive . 
  flights from europe or america are roughly at least $ 3000 return , sometimes up to 4000 . 
  since everything needs to be shipped to the end of the world we have a high cost of living too , so you 'd probably need a fair bit more once you 're here too . 
  as far as what to do , there 's a hell of a lot of stuff to do here and we get questions like this an awful lot , so might pay to try searching for some earlier answers . 
  best way to see the country if you can is to rent a car and drive , do a [ loop round the south ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/kr6mihxkimt ) and [ the north ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/avmdvxbmfpa2 ) and check out some of the sites along the way . 
  when i say i have them planned , it 's more that i 'm planning to do some at some point than actual civ plans . 
  i have got a couple in mind , like the chachapoya and a couple of leugi 's which i might help out with if he needs it, 
  they sound decent enough , though it 's not me you 'd need to convince - i 'm always down for new civs , but it 's / u/janboruta who controls access to stockpiles of art that are crucial to the development of these mods . 
  or you can take a trip to bolivia and hunt down / u/leugi , who would also be able to provide the art but has since for the most part disappeared, 
  reminds me a bit of * pleasantville , * except i do n't think the tv show would count as a sitcom, 
  `` oh no , we 'd better transfer her to the * other * hospital '', 
  day 2 of 4 twelve hour days in a row at work . 
  i 'm going to hate this week, 
  one of the guys at work found out my username too , and stalked my post history, 
  he 's the author of one of my favourite quotes about space too :, 
   the earth is the cradle of mankind . 
  but one can not live for eternity in a cradle, 
  definitely seems fitting to have him there, 
  do n't have time to do a full response now , but i 'd suggest using ynaemp on one of the mediterranean maps and downloading a bunch of modded civs to give accurate opponents ( gaul , seleucids , germanic tribes etc ), 
  yeah , he alternates between activity and disappearance . 
  he 's pretty much schroedingers modder . 
  jan 's tired of me asking for civs too , so i wo n't be much help, 
  narrowed it down because i 'm a civ 5 modder prominent here and on the u2 subreddit, 
  lyall bay is next to the airport but not on the flight path . 
  i used to live across the bay from the airport and it was n't that bad . 
  it 's not one of the major international airports either , so i 'd say it 'd be fine, 
  just in case you do n't know , there 's already a pretty decent cuba civ done by leugi, 
   it took me three hours to write 600 words ( that 's 3 words a minute ) . 
  that 's about the speed at which i write essays too, 
  / r/nelsonnz i think . 
  i 've got it on the map for the new css but that 's mainly for geographic diversity and not for significance . 
  i say `` image ur '' since it seems like the obvious option given it 's an image service, 
  yep , i 've got no hope . 
  pretty sure # 2 is river phoenix but yeah, 
  8 years !, 
  it started under labour !, 
  it 's all their fault !, 
  i 've been trying to track down frontier of dreams too , but no luck so far other than tvnz 's time capsule of a website for it, 
  the swahili states were n't bantu though , they were a mix of all the different groups involved in the indian ocean trade . 
  besides , i 'd much rather have a more specific group than such a huge overarching `` bantu '' civ - it 'd be like having `` anglo-saxons '' as a civ, 
  there are a couple of these i did n't realise were offensive , shit, 
  absolutely , going round japan on them was amazing, 
  that would be awesome , maybe have it lead into please as well . 
  i do n't know if they 've ever been played together but they seem to fit together well , the please with sunday bloody sunday 's drums from popmart is amazing . 
  though i think mlk would be a great opener too , their superbowl performance with it still gives me chills . 
  maybe for just their first paris show or something , i dunno . 
  they should definitely do something special, 
  / r/thatpicofnzfromspace is like that , but then again it * is * a subreddit for ` that ' pic of nz from space so it 's understandable, 
  it 's kind of the same theme as pearl jam 's black imo, 
  you should , [ it 's amazinig ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhz68guhy3i ) .
