  i 'd suggest looking at the cultural heritage sites for africa on the unesco world heritage site list , if you 're willing to wade through the colonial sites, 
  it was the capital of a sultanate of the same name that ended up with territory from somalia to mozambique and a tiny bit of madagascar which made a fair bit of money off trading , but that 's about the extent of my knowledge sorry . 
  it 's actually hooker 's - laughter , they just mixed up the punctuation . 
  of course aussies are the most proud , just scream out `` aussie aussie aussie '' and you 'll know where they all are, 
  hardly a micro-nation , they seem to claim [ malaysian borneo , brunei and the island of mindanao ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c4/bangsamoro_republik_locator_map.svg/1000px-bangsamoro_republik_locator_map.svg.png ), 
  true , i doubt they 'd even be able to keep mindanao , if they were even able to get recognition at all . 
  that one of the guy leading his army into the fire ( # 5 and # 11 i think ) is awesome, 
  i 've got a laptop which , for whatever reason , decides to lag to maybe one frame per 4 seconds after five minutes of pretty much every game ( civilization iv / v , mirror 's edge , portal 2 , mass effect 2 and so on ) , to the point that i need to force shut down as i lose all control of it . 
  rome 2 runs with no issues whatsoever for at least an hour or two before it even begins to show signs of crashing, 
  * far * above the world . 
  planet earth is blue , and there 's nothing i can do, 
  i have this , and manned up and asked someone out . 
  she said yes . 
  ultimately , the worst thing that can happen is they say no , and things stay exactly the same as they are now . 
  so by doing something , things ca n't get worse . 
   a trombone making a sandwich for a disshevelled blue whale . 
  now that 's something i 'd like to see, 
  edit : the next one is even better :, 
   an aardvark microwaving a posh poker dealer . 
  that 's actually a good point - in my case i had spent a lot of time with the girl on a school trip to japan the year before but never saw her that much outside of it , except for the occasional time when she arrived early for japanese or something . 
  so if she said no , then it would have been exactly the same as it was . 
  but at the same time , i 've had other cases where i 've asked someone out where they were a good friend and they said no , and that does hurt . 
  thankfully we 're still reasonably good friends , but i have seen it happen where friendships get ruined because of it , so yeah . 
  tl ; dr never try to understand relationships, 
  results may vary, 
  this happened on my license test . 
  a guy had driven through an intersection when we should have been able to go , and my testing officer turned to me and said `` what 's wrong with this picture ? '', 
  i started freaking out thinking i 'd done something wrong , then he started ranting about the guy who drove through . 
  do n't do it kids , you 'll cause unnecessary stress, 
  it 's a pretty flash lamp, 
  quick question , how do i * see * what they do ingame ? 
  oh awesome , thank you !, 
  so , a while ago [ i posted an image of saladin 's leaderhead ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/civ/comments/1fffbz/leaderhead_for_an_upcoming_civ_mod_ayyubids/ ) here for a preview of a mod civ ( the ayyubids ) . 
  i 've finally caught up with real life commitments and have had time to get them ingame . 
  we 're just waiting on a civilopedia for saladin , and then all going to plan the civ should be released tomorrow , most likely around evening nzst . 
  they 're loosely based on the ayyubids from the into the renaissance scenario , with the ub ( madrasah ) being the exact same as the scenario version . 
  the mamluk is slightly more different , as the scenario version was a carbon copy of the songhai mandekalu cavalry . 
  so what we 've done at this stage is we 've given them the passive ability of the inquisitor ( when it 's in a city enemy missionaries / prophets ca n't convert the city ) , however this might change as the religion system is very difficult to work around . 
  other effects we 've been looking into were allowing faith purchasing without holy warriors and giving them a bonus against units of empires which follow a different religion , but that was n't working well either . 
  as for the ua , we 've got it set up so that upon capturing a city , half the population ( i ca n't remember if it 's just the religious population or the whole thing ) is converted to your religion . 
  we might add in another part of it , but that will depend largely upon feedback and balance thoughts from playthroughs . 
  oh , and i 'm aware it says `` cario '' and not `` cairo '' - made a typo in the files , it 's all fixed now, 
  well there 's the answer to the question !, 
  also , give credit to this guy for his awesome mamluk icon ( saladin 's just as good when you see him ! ), 
  yeah , i noticed that soon after - i 'd made a typo in the files , but it 's all fixed now, 
  that did come up - we 're thinking of changing it to gold per followers of other religions in your cities , would that fit them better ? 
  and then the current ua could be used for someone who was slightly more forceful in their religious nature, 
  that 's pretty much what it is - ayyubids in the into the renaissance scenario used assyria 's colour scheme , so when assyria 's colours were revealed we had to backpedal a bit and change the colours around . 
  i 've had a song in my head recently that apparently does n't exist . 
  so do i , but unfortunately there 's an autocracy tenet with the same thing so we could n't really do that . 
  they rose out of the slaves , but i do n't know if they were still slaves when they became the military caste, 
  hrm . 
  we had something like that with tibet , where tibetan cities are in resistance for twice as long . 
  it could work, 
  oh hey , another person from christchurch !, 
  i started out with [ wonder modding ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=416781 ) , but have n't done that in a while ( should probably get back into it at some point . 
  wonder mods do n't require any lua to be good , just playing around with xml and the art . 
  in terms of civilizations , we 've done [ two standalone civs ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=494241 ) so far ( tibet and the kilwa sultanate ) , the latter of which is part of a larger pack called zambezi which will ultimately add about 12 new african civs . 
  in order for the civs to be unique more lua is required , particularly the ua as the traits xml file is very limited . 
  before lua came in , the uas of modded civs were mostly just copies of existing uas changed around a bit , which was n't that interesting . 
  we 've got kongo under nzinga mbande which was centered in angola , but not angola itself . 
  that makes sense , thanks !, 
  a lot of it is because the existing one has the union jack on it - the flag debate usually goes hand-in-hand with whether we should become a republic or not , which usually comes up every couple of years . 
  personally , i think the flag has unofficially changed already to the [ silver fern flag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/34/silver_fern_flag.svg/500px-silver_fern_flag.svg.png ) , since you usually see that more often than the actual flag when kiwis are being patriotic , especially at sporting events - we had a massive one roped to our fence during the rugby world cup a couple years back, 
  okay , so just another quick update :, 
  real life stuff has come up for me , so i 've had to push the release to this coming weekend instead of the last couple days . 
  on the plus side , this means that the saladin civilopedia will hopefully be finished for the release , and we 're able to take a look at some of the issues that you guys suggested here . 
  so , what i think i 'll try and sort out at this stage is :, 
  change the ua to something more fitting for saladin ( gold from minority religion followers ? ), 
  change the colours to something less netherlands-esque ? 
  is there anything else people would like to suggest before we go live ? 
  not so much in nz - prime minister said if he could change anything tomorrow , he 'd change the flag to it, 
  good point - without wishing to turn it into a politics discussion , i honestly hope that he 's gone come 2014, 
  smash gandhi with a stick , wonders come pouring out, 
  it was worse during my civil war . 
  i 'm defending my capital with just my garrison army ( others were fighting elsewhere ) against an enemy fleet . 
  i 'm outgunned to the point that i ca n't see my bar on the power meter , so what does the ai do ? 
  send two ships into my port , which sit there and do nothing while the rest of their army lands on the beach outside and waits . 
  and waits . 
  the whole army just sat there doing nothing as i waited for the timer to run down . 
  it did , and i won . 
  in the case of korea though , the actual nature of the border was defined by the un and the ceasefire , not by territorial gains in the korean war . 
  it 's the same for the most part in africa , the straight lines are a result of the berlin conference , where the european powers carved up africa between themselves . 
  that said , it 's a lot more complex than just saying borders are as a result of one thing or another - geography , diplomacy , conflict and history all play fairly sizable roles , often woven between multiple examples . 
  while conflict has probably played a huge role in europe 's borders , so too would have geography ( rivers and mountain ranges particularly ) and any number of other causes . 
  oh dear god, 
  another thing you can do is if you are able to find someone in america to play multiplayer with , add them to your friends list . 
  that way they can join the games and then invite you from their friends list , it 's what i do since new zealand never has any games either, 
  we 're going to start seeing pictures of the three of them , then we 're going to see more start showing up ( george takei ? ), 
  and it 'll all be a big reveal of some amazing new thing, 
  / u/indie-fied he 's trying to steal your gig !, 
  ' is feet , right ? 
  i believe that achievement has been broken since they switched to steam workshop , which would mean that everyone who has purchased the game since g&k came out would be included in the total count but unable to get that achievement , regardless of whether they play mods or not . 
  maybe that 's the ` download a mod ' achievement that i 'm thinking of , that would make more sense, 
  huh , i did n't realise they 'd changed the achievements around . 
  yeah , there used to be three - download a mod , rate a mod and play a mod . 
  after the move to steam , i think the first two ( definitely the second , not sure about the first ) were broken and could n't be achieved . 
  i guess they just removed them for that one, 
  there 's also the haji ali dargah in mumbai that was built as a tomb for a merchant who went on a hajj , but even then he had to give up his possessions to go ( although i 'm not sure if that was out of necessity or piety ), 
  it surfaced , it 's made completely out of mud,
