  plus bb king , i mean come on . 
  i think it 's / u/rhym, 
  david 's was the hallmark of what an ama should be . 
  hands down one of the best i 've seen , here or on / r/iama . 
  props to / u/davidseymouract for that !, 
  should probably have gone at night, 
  i 'd say it 's more likely to be one of the magellanic clouds , they 're far more prominent down here, 
  that 's definitely just a problem with labour though , the greens seem relatively forward-thinking ( or at least they did in 2014 ), 
  absolutely - i wanted a different flag , but voted for the original . 
  john key made it out to be his vanity project , and the alternate flags were hideous . 
  give me a better flag with no vanity bullshit and i 'd vote for it for sure, 
  i 'll be honest , i got to ` psychological chicken warfare ' and had to check it was n't vargas, 
  it 's not comparing it to the holocaust , it 's comparing it to how the persecution of jews in nazi germany began - which is a much more apt comparison, 
  nah , they 're dropping the tv part - they were tv3 , now they 're just 3 . 
  yours too , most likely, 
  shit i wish my team was like that when i played football . 
  when i was goalie it was my fault , then the other goalie was a miserable excuse for a shitty human being and the son of the coach ( who was a great guy ) so when he was goalie it was our fault too apparently . 
  the empire, 
  does this mean the kingston flyer is the only train operating in the south island ? 
  holy shit this would be amazing, 
  it took a break for a bit , but afaik it 's back up and running . 
  was going when we were down there this time last year at least, 
  huh , til . 
  though now that i think about it , we bought a beach did n't we ? 
  nah you wo n't , you would n't do anything to risk losing out the award, 
  pretty sure you can delete fb without deleting messenger, 
  got them from u2.com , so i 'd say so . 
  do you only hear the one `` war '' or do you hear `` war-war '' ? 
  working as well , though at least they 've got stuff for us to do this time, 
  i dunno , it does n't really feel like it 'd fit in with joshua tree songs to me - it 'd be more at home with achtung baby, 
  at least speaking personally , i can actually talk to someone new when i 've had something to drink . 
  helps quieten all the anxiety and shit, 
  [ we 're an anarcho-syndicalist commune ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvkiwjnepny ), 
  the secret is getting drunk , but not * too * drunk, 
  why is he coming over ? 
  the drunk modmails , on the other hand, 
   ~ 130 feet, 
  you 're in nz mate , none of this imperial rubbish, 
  here i thought you 'd have learnt your lesson from this morning, 
  i 'm still not too keen on wine after i drank a bottle at a byo , then followed it up with a scrumpie at a workmate 's bf 's flat . 
  need to try slowly ease myself into it again i think, 
  it really was n't . 
  if only that 's all it was , too ... 
  huh , til fossick is n't a thing overseas, 
  okay , now what are your thoughts on my idea for a fleet of seaplane c-130s for use in the islands ? 
  [ this begs to differ ] ( http://foxtrotalpha.jalopnik.com/a-c-130-hercules-amphibian-makes-too-much-sense-to-be-t-1716610531 ) on them not being made for it , or at least that they would be made for it if the move was chosen . 
  besides that though , i 'm not seeing many downsides to them - gives us access to remote islands cut off during disasters and allows quicker relief efforts , lets us land right next to illegal fishermen and give them cause for a new pair of pants or two , allows for the launch of rigs directly from the plane and so much more . 
  kind of more like rummaging, 
  eh , ships handle it, 
  oh nah that was saying i wish the wine and cider was all that was involved, 
  only having to pay out contracted hours instead of overtime etc ? 
  extra utilities costs ? 
  culture against overtime does n't mean it would n't happen closer to crunch time, 
  i 'm super tempted too , but i need to finish ( and start ) honours first , and i 'm looking at going flatting and actually getting some semblance of a social life first, 
  damn new mods, 
  chch here , nearly all the builders i 've seen are filipino - might be different in town instead of at uni , but yeah, 
  to be fair , iirc chloe 's already done a hell of a lot for someone her age, 
  with regards to internal labour politics , in the leadership race post-cunliffe grant robertson ( and by extension , you as deputy ) were sitting as favourites to take over the position until the union vote , which pushed andrew little ( who just scraped in a seat following final election results ) into the top position . 
  do you think the unions having that much influence is good / fair in what is the country 's major left-wing party , as opposed to one more focused directly on blue collar issues relevant to the unions ? 
  on that note , do you think the position of labour as a centre-left party makes it more difficult to take a proper stand on issues which are potentially divisive , or those which advocate more drastic change from the status quo ? 
  of particular note would be labour 's advocacy for neo-liberal trade policies which have increasingly come under fire in recent years , and which have previously cost jobs in new zealand . 
  what 's your point with this ? 
  it 's alright , but i 'd still have to go with the eagle, 
  which part ? 
  more than one krusty burger ? 
  you just reminded me of the almighty johnsons - i miss that show, 
  girl guides have biscuits so i 'm gon na have to give this to them, 
  wait , you bought it yesterday and it 's crapped out ? 
  workmate 's shouting a bunch of us dinner tonight to celebrate his anniversary with his wife . 
  i feel kind of awkward about it since there will only be like five people from my workplace there , and i feel guilty about him paying for everything , but being single means i do n't have any excuse . 
  plus that 'd just make me feel even more guilty , he keeps asking me round for dinner too, 
  have you got another lens / body you could try to make sure it 's definitely the lens and not the body ? 
   which reflects on the whole party, 
  or , you know , maybe they were judging on more than one issue ? 
  i figured it was some makeup thing since he invited all of us to his wedding , but since it was in india it was a bit difficult to make it . 
  shit glad i 'm not the only one, 
   the best one, 
  but you bought a chromebook ? 
  wait , the school specified a chromebook ? 
  i 've heard that it 's never really that intense on the first time . 
  i ca n't really vouch either way as i was off my face beforehand the first ( and only ) time so far , which did n't help the situation, 
  if you 're giving up dslr photography full-stop then selling the lenses might be a good idea , as they can be used with any canon camera . 
  the camera itself is still pretty decent , and even if it were n't many pros like having a second body that can be used for timelapses etc or for having a different lens so you 're not having to change constantly between two . 
  if you are keeping it , i 'd suggest keeping a telephoto and a wide lens so that you 've got a decent enough range for taking photos - nothing worse than having a great photo that 's either just too far away or just too wide of a shot for the lens . 
  went on a fire tiki tour today , started for a walk round victoria park and then worked my way around the base of the hills and through into lyttelton harbour . 
  looked at the time like it was dying down , kind of freaky how big it 's gotten now, 
  damn , that sucks - annoys me when the schools demand average stuff, 
  reminds me of those old sony bravia ads, 
  pretty sure we 're doing that on pretty much every map, 
  that 'd explain the apocalypse now flashbacks i was having, 
  i 'd prefer getting [ this guy ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ri6wheh.gifv ) over, 
  we 're still just new zealanding , we 're just new zealanding so much that we 're too modest to appear on the map, 
  legit one of the only people there who know how to sell them and i 'm not even in sales, 
  submission statement : this op-ed is by the foreign affairs spokesman for new zealand 's main opposition party , the centre-left labour party , and suggests new zealand needs to re-evaluate its foreign policy outlook and position in the world in light of recent events in the united states . 
  since world war two new zealand has sought to foster an independent foreign policy while still maintaining close relations with major powers ( historically britain , then the united states . ), 
  this stance has historically caused issues for new zealand , most notably with the nuclear-free policy of the 1980s and the suspension of anzus . 
  it 's also a stance which has come under scrutiny in recent years , with the centre-right administration being accused of overly-friendly relations with america in relation to the fvey intelligence network and conflicts in the middle east . 
  as 2017 is an election year , this signifies that foreign policy of new zealand and its place within the region and the world as a whole will increasingly become a focus and a source of contention between the major parties . 
  can it be flown with as much balls as the guy in my gif though ? 
  those photos are really bizarre , it 's amazing how well composed and well shot they are in what would have been such a chaotic scene .
