  we 're talking pretty much all night, 
  kiwi here , think of a big brother who keeps stealing your shit, 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  we 're australia 's canada, 
  it 's the link in the op or on the sidebar, 
  nah , we 're definitely canada . 
  the smaller , softer spoken brother that always gets confused with the louder and more patriotic country nearby . 
  yo , you 're shadowbanned . 
  hit up the admins to find out why, 
  could maori hypothetically jump over to the left coalition and make it 62/59 ? 
  because even the english are better neighbours than australia ? 
  i find the 50 % to be the perfect ratio . 
  it 's not as sweet as the milk and white , and it 's not as bitter as the really dark stuff . 
  just wish they still made the milk madagascar though, 
  you can get single origin chocolate from whittaker 's too - they 've got a samoan one with their original artisan range , and their new location has a real nice nicaraguan one . 
  then there 's always the classic dark ghana too, 
  how 'd it go ? 
  / u/pm _ me_kererus, 
  damn , well keep us posted eh , good luck, 
  taika 's pretty fond of it too , so i 'm not surprised it 's being used like that, 
  in chch , can confirm it 's not the sahara, 
  yeah , if you ca n't be fucked doing something you really just do n't want to do it, 
  after months of office politics about the music playlist , head office has revealed a bunch of official playlists we have to use - and they 're fucking amazing . 
  full of 80 's stuff that everyone knows the words to , you end up with like five guys singing along to cher or people moonwalking to mj down the main drag of the shop, 
  is it their actual playlist or just a curated one ? 
  know that feel eh . 
  if only i 'd actually done my dissertation in s1 like i told myself i would, 
  * it begins *, 
  something like [ these ] ( http://ggconline.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/stick-vacuum.png ) i 'd imagine, 
  we use those around the store , they 're great for that but for anything heavier we need to break out the industrial one, 
   ca n't wear dailies for very long . 
  is n't that the idea ? 
  on the plus side , things can only ever get better . 
  we 're here if you need to talk, 
  you 'd probably have more luck with a google search for kiwi slang tbh , most of our shit is dwarfed on there by the brits and americans, 
  no idea how stuck in a moment made it this far , especially given in a little while and when i look at the world are already out, 
   ( try to find the jooles holland version of dress ) . 
  they performed october on the i+e tour though ? 
  i 'd add edge 's performance of [ sunday bloody sunday ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywkeol1cyjg ) too , not quite acoustic but much more stripped back and emotional, 
  oi , do n't be a dick, 
  have you even got a drivers license ? 
  of course you can , green means ` go ', 
  i mean i learnt to drive in chch , so all that means to me is that you just need to eat it faster, 
  okay , so first of all there are three levels of qualification - level 1 , 2 , and 3 - which normally correspond to years 11 , 12 , and 13 respectively ( year 11 would be 16 through to year 13 at 18 ) . 
  each subject has a bunch of separate assessments , which are either internal or external - internal being class work , and external being exams at the end of the year . 
  so , for example you might be sitting the geography exam at the end of the year , but you 'd have two assessments to do at that time . 
  now , each assessment has a certain number of credits associated with it , roughly corresponding to the amount of work involved . 
  quick , small maths internals were 2 or 3 credits , while history projects were worth 4 and geography field work research assignments were worth 6 . 
  in order to pass the year , you needed at least 80 credits total , and many subjects required at least 12-14 in that subject to advance to the next level . 
  so in that excerpt requirement , they 're after 14 level 3 credits in any subject rich in maths ( calculus , stats , physics etc ) and 14 level 3 credits in any subject rich in english ( english , history , classics etc ) - they normally have equivalent requirements for people who did n't do ncea , might be worth looking for that somewhere, 
  though could n't you take a longer approach and say `` these events are now happening twice as often as they used to '' or whatever the actual figure would be ? 
  this looks like a promo shot for a tv period drama or something, 
  i sold a toothbrush to one of the regulars on my subreddit without realising it one time, 
   i wish i could give bff a massive big hug and let her cry on my shoulder . 
  i hate long-distance relationships . 
  i know that feel - real good mate of mine moved up to auckland and is having a really rough time with her flatmates and family , wish i was just able to be there for her and help her out . 
  for what it 's worth , i think even just letting her vent to you would have done her a world of good, 
  you know you can disable inbox replies , right ? 
  hey , nothing wrong with a week in welly, 
  i thought this place was the hotel california ? 
  i 'd be okay if walk on wins , i absolutely love that song, 
  it 's just [ wellington international airport ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/assets/news/34331/eight_col_wellington_drought_2.jpg?1424983241 ) , they 've since extended the runway out over the road and are looking to do go out into the bays on both sides . 
  you can still get really good views because of how compact everything is , and it definitely takes a [ certain sort ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0jnahv81au ) to land there, 
  do you have a guide on what counts as oniony ? 
  it seems pretty subjective, 
  oh cool , i was just hoping there was a rough guide somewhere to save you lot the time, 
  did n't get any decent shots of it , my phone 's a piece of shit, 
  electric ones , we need to get them out of a glass cabinet, 
  when i was in high school , despite doing all the social science stuff ( geography , history etc ) , i got roped into doing this physics competition thing , which involved a weekend trip to wellington . 
  we were all good mates beforehand and shit , so that was all cool . 
  one of the girls was on holiday in australia , but flew back to spend the weekend with us at this thing . 
  over the course of the weekend , she 'd curl up next to me and go to sleep , ask me out to lunch , hugging me all the time , all this sort of shit . 
  it took me until a year after i left high school to realise that she had a thing for me , and even then it was only because the other girl that was on the trip basically told me, 
  it 's fucking insane , such a well made film . 
  she might just be canadian and is being really nice, 
  ( [ it 's a reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa-4iar_9yw ) ), 
  we 've been doing it at uni - it was pointed out that our club was very white , so we 're just injecting words in like emails and shit to try and make it more bicultural . 
  stuff like kia ora and nga mihi and so on, 
  i do n't think they 'd work with the current egypt civ , given all the uniques are ancient egyptian as opposed to anything islamic or modern, 
  you obviously are n't subscribed to / r/nomansskythegame, 
  how 'd it go ? 
  off chance , it 's not [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ry6ikjy4qi ) is it ? 
  have you listened to [ odd look ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0iqrjhbw4 ) , also by kavinsky ? 
  it 's got a few different versions , and they 're all awesome, 
  i think i know the site you 're talking about , it 's a pain, 
  see but your reply is political too , and we ca n't have that in the daily, 
  / u/acid-nz is secretly your sister, 
  is this drunk shitposting in the am thread ? 
  we can do it , it just needs to be done manually , like stickying it, 
  threats of violence are n't okay , no matter the recipient, 
  obligatory friday drunk shitposting comment , come take a seat at the bar . 
  what 's your poison today ? 
  amazing , so warm and gooey, 
  what sort of stuff do you like ? 
  probably closer towards the latter , but it 's thick enough to be good, 
  nice , i 'm heading down there for pre-drinks tomorrow, 
  i think it was far more prevalent since the earthquakes, 
  it 's about half way between a hells snack pizza and a normal pizza , maybe slightly bigger, 
  bush inn probs, 
  he did all his drunk shitposting in the am thread,
