  ( i think ... ), 
  yeah , i think it 'd be better if they were made transparent . 
  if you can do it that 'd be great , but otherwise i 'd be able to handle it no sweat . 
  could probably steal the black caps flair from / r/cricket while we 're at it , too, 
  kinda proves your point but i could have sworn you were a guy until you said that, 
  red and blue could be confusing though - i know that here in nz and in the uk at the very least it 's the other way around . 
  i 'm going to be that difficult guy and say both , but for different reasons . 
  whittaker 's is the better chocolate , hands down . 
  but i like cadbury too , more as chocolate confectionery than proper chocolate . 
  like , i would n't get a block of cadbury 's chocolate , but i would get some of their easter eggs / magic elf things / mini bars if i wanted something sweet , in the same way that i 'd get pineapple lumps or some other lolly . 
  pretty sure there 's at least two , although i have n't met them so i ca n't confirm, 
  national day of mourning , right ? 
  comes right after the month of commemoration for all the defeats you 've had at the hands of us kiwis, 
  i prefer for fuck 's sake february, 
  you linked to a deleted comment ... 
  32 hours to write another 2000 word essay . 
  should be fine ... 
  work in a shopping mall , can confirm that teens these days hang out in the real world, 
  eh , could be worse . 
  i made a post on / r/relationships years ago in the middle of a soap-opera level crisis ( was young and stupid , please do n't hold it against me ) and then somehow one of the girls involved found my username , stalked through 40 pages of my post history , found it and shared it with the other girl . 
  that was a fun conversation, 
  ant traps seem to work well , and there 's some sort of ant spray we have that creates genocide level destruction in their ranks . 
  we used to get ants in our kitchen every couple of months , but the ant traps seem to have stopped them, 
  that 's the plan . 
  well , not really . 
  i 'd like to start it today because i have work tonight , which would mean i would n't be starting it until like 10 , which would n't end well . 
  that 32 hours also includes 3 hours of work , four hours of class and however much sleep i want to get, 
  deleted it as soon as i realised , could probably tell the story again if you really wanted . 
  is this just for summer songs from this year ? 
  because it 's currently the middle of winter down here ( and pissing with rain , maybe 5 degrees ) , and i 'd love to share some of the classic kiwi summer songs that might not be that well known outside nz, 
  * fine , * i 'll do my best . 
  keep in mind it was a couple years ago and i 've done my best to try and forget it , so details might be a bit sketchy . 
  started on a trip to japan , talked a fair bit with one of the girls on it ( girl 1 ) and spent a decent amount of time with her over the trip . 
  she was awesome , stupidly talented and could do pretty much everything and speak about five or six languages , had a great personality and looked amazing , yadda yadda . 
  started to get feelings for her and meant to ask her out , but ran out of time then did n't see each other nearly as much once we got back , so i sort of moved on . 
  then half a year later i started seeing her around again and was reminded of it , so asked her out and she agreed , which was kinda cool since it was the first time that question went well for me . 
  at the start of that year though ( after japan but before i asked girl 1 out ) i became friends with another girl ( girl 2 ) though something ( might have been debating or whatever , ca n't remember since it fell apart quickly ) and then she started showing up to my group of friends at lunch and all that . 
  she made it clear that she had similar interests to me ( would go and change music to a band i liked if i was complaining about it or whatever , and would sit reading a book about an interest of mine while making sure the title was facing me ) which led my friends to assume she liked me . 
  eventually i asked her outright , and she said she did . 
  now i did n't feel the same way , but she was still a decent friend ( one of the few i could talk about politics etc with ) so i tried to be polite about it . 
  apparently this counted as playing hard to get , and she became adamant that i was actually in love with her and making her work for it , or some shit like that . 
  i tried telling her in different tones that i was n't and i actually did n't like her , but she was convinced . 
  this is where girl 1 comes back into it . 
  the night after i asked her out i was talking to her on facebook and she mentioned girl 2 was talking to her about guys and how she had a thing for me . 
  girl 1 felt guilty and told her that i 'd asked her out . 
  girl 2 reasoned that it had to just be an attempt by me to make her jealous , and that i did n't actually care about girl 1 ( which was a load of rubbish , but ah well . ), 
  before we 'd even gone on a date girl 1 decided she felt too guilty about it ( or at least that 's what she told me ) and ended whatever it was . 
  i do n't blame girl 1 for any of it , and i know it was n't entirely the fault of girl 2 either , since i 'd screwed up a bit too ( got overexcited and told a bunch of my friends about it and probably scared her off a bit , ) but it does sound from what i 'd heard that girl 2 's involvement had a fair bit to do with it . 
  girl 2 started talking to my friends about it too , trying to convince them i was just using girl 1 to get to her . 
  some of them believed her and turned against me , others took my side and told me what she was doing . 
  girl 2 then writes me a letter and gets a friend to deliver it , in which she accused me of ` complex mind games ' trying to get her attention . 
  the letter would have been a page or so long , and the whole thing was a single sentence . 
  it was horrible to read . 
  managed to avoid her for the most part after that , but a couple of friends let me know she was still bitching about me ( they had a fight with her about it and stuck up for me , apparently . ), 
  i ended up confronting girl 2 and having another couple of arguments , which resulted in her saying she was over me . 
  tried to fix things with girl 1 and she said girl 2 still had feelings for me , which turned out to be true . 
  another couple arguments later and girl 2 said we should ` throw out whatever we had ' and then cut off all communication with me , which i was fine with . 
  fast forward a couple weeks , and i 'm on my way to class when girl 2 ambushes me and says we need to talk or something . 
  expecting another argument i turn around , and she kisses me square on the lips then runs off . 
  no explanation or anything , and it leaves me scarred ( high school , remember ? ), 
  couple weeks after that and she writes * another * letter , this time three pages long about the whole thing . 
  never once blamed me , accused my friends of keeping us apart and all sorts of weird shit like that . 
  thankfully , after that high school finished ( it was my last year , she was the year below ) so i pretty much never saw her again . 
  she showed up at uni every now and then because we still had mutual friends , but never tried to talk to me or anything . 
  then at the end of last year i got a message from girl 1 saying she 'd been sent the link to the / r/relationships post i talked about earlier by girl 2 , and that she wanted to apologise for being a bitch or whatever . 
  i did n't hold it against her or anything , so managed to fix things there ( not in terms of going out with her or anything , she 's got a boyfriend now and is happy with him , which is what she deserves , so yeah . ), 
  shit , this got long . 
  sorry for ranting , it 's good to be able to talk about it though i guess , even though it dragged a lot of shit up that i really wanted to forget about . 
  just realised girl 2 will probably see this too , in which case i 'd love to hear your side of the story because it 'd be interesting to see how you managed to distort reality so greatly . 
  tl ; dr : drama that fucked up my last year of high school , sorry for ranting about it . 
  i told you it was cliche soap-opera stuff, 
  last i heard girl 2 was going to write a book about it ( i wish i was kidding ) , so some point after that likely, 
  oh i 've still got four of them too , they 're the reason i 'm not about to fly off to iceland, 
  the wars in chechnya , and who were the villains / victims . 
  i 've set up a base for it and might try to hammer out an intro now so it 's not quite as daunting tonight, 
  i 'd love to see it too . 
  not quite sure how you can misinterpret something so badly, 
  i 'm not sure how much room `` i do not like you , i have not liked you and i will not ever like you '' leaves for interpretation, 
  or it was a different person who hated sandra , so used her name when they leaked the info, 
  i 'm hoping it is , but i 'll need to stay up late tonight since i 've got three hours of work tonight , which means four hours including transit and eating , and i 've only just written the first sentence now, 
  my view on it is that , given the popularity of top gear , he probably would n't have been fired had it not been for the other controversies surrounding him , and this is my issue with the whole thing . 
  i 'm not doubting that clarkson was in the wrong or needed to be reprimanded for his actions , but i ca n't help but feel that going so far was at least in part motivated by the previous incidents and faux pais which he 'd committed . 
  fuck , 2 hours sleep and still half an essay to go . 
  ca n't even write properly : / find your own damn fact today, 
  heavy drinking either way , i like it ( although i do n't think your liver does ), 
  it really does sound almost like pink floyd covered one , the strings and everything . 
  i absolutely love it though , it 's like my three favourite bands rolled into one , with a bit of iron sky rolled in for good measure, 
  i dunno , madness had a tiny bit of queen thrown in , especially with the guitar, 
  i do n't mean to alarm you , but i think you 're actually leonardo da vinci, 
  does n't seem clear at this point , radio sport is saying he was stopped and the bus crashed into him , stuff is saying he crashed into the bus . 
  that was my first thought , too . 
  although i think they were a bit earlier than late 80 's, 
  i 'd love to , but pretty sure i 've still got a couple exams then and work in between , so doubt i 'd be able to get time to fly up . 
  maybe for that summer one in akl i 'll take a week or two off before the christmas rush and road trip up ( two weeks enough to do the north island ? ), 
  psa : electronics and water do n't mix , would not recommend taking a ps3 to bondi, 
  awesome , cheers . 
  yeah , i post a hell of a lot on / r/nz , just finished the nz music month posts, 
  i installed a plugin that put it back to normal, 
  bloody hell , are you lot not content with stealing all our successful stuff that you have to steal our slang too now ? 
  not all of them need to be , though .
