  you could probably go into the files and change the art def to the same as a plantation . 
  it 'd look like a plantation , but it 'd let you actually play, 
  [ if someone could explain this i 'd be grateful ] ( http://i.imgur.com/voe6afc.png?1 ), 
  long story, 
  shit , i thought we were supposed to be shilling for mossad . 
  why does nobody tell me this shit ? 
  i doubt there would be a situation where nz first and labour could govern but labour and greens could n't, 
  yeah absolutely , but between nat / nzf and lab / grn / nzf, 
  sorry , could n't explain since i was at work . 
  read [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/498u0o/area64_power_users_and_account_security/ ) , it 's balchy 's post from the whole ordeal and gives some idea of what was going on, 
  it 's also from their debut self-titled album , which was available in iceland ( or to be bought [ here ] ( http://www.icelandicmusic.com/music/album/1078774/kaleo/kaleo/ ) - bit of a shame that this is n't seeing a wider release , since the whole thing works really well together and is a fantastic album on the whole, 
  you 're doing pretty well at english for not speaking it, 
  but if they 're going to be completely separate , at the very least they should be allowed to retain their own suicide squad etc, 
  absolutely - my point was more that they should n't be forced to kill off characters just because the characters are wanted in a movie . 
  easily kaleo - clicked on a couple of their submissions here , then hunted down an icelandic music site which had their entire album . 
  i 've now got the whole thing and all their global singles , and ca n't wait for their ` debut ' album , or at least the two new songs on it . 
  our sports teams always seem to sound racist if you do n't realise the context - our football team is the all whites , which had a song [ about it in 2010 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q98duooplro ) that would seem bad if you did n't realise . 
  same with the all blacks . 
  and do n't even get me started on the black cocks badminton team, 
  suppose you could argue that if they rowed here on waka then they are native , since they made it here under their own steam, 
  oh , i thought you were off traveling the world again since there 's a meetup sometime this month, 
  would insurance cover the replacement ? 
  save yourself the money , do n't bother with 3d . 
  maybe get a smart tv , but it 's probably cheaper to just get a normal 4k telly with a chromecast or apple tv or something, 
  i know right ? 
  it 's insane , already half way through the year . 
  everyone else is talking about how it 's their last undergrad lecture ever , and i 'm sitting here with another 18 months on the clock, 
  some places you do n't need to press the button , it does it automatically . 
  but yeah , that 's a pain, 
  seriously ? 
  i 'd always thought it was just a gimmick and not worth the extra cost, 
  he 'll charge into your office on the back of a moa, 
  dammit , there goes that idea . 
  windscreen is buggered from the previous owners but not enough to warrant a replacement . 
  guess i 'll just need to drive around behind people on dirt roads, 
  double degrees with cross-credited courses i think, 
  nah , they 're pretty well received here in nz too . 
  as long as it 's the fancy british accent and not a cockney one or something, 
  you lot managed to do cape to cairo over a hundred years ago , surely we 'd be able to sort out a london to wellington rail network now, 
  why am i not surprised, 
  is that graph adjusted for use ? 
  like , is alcohol the most harmful because it 's legal and thus the most widely used ? 
  yeah , i 'm not doubting that . 
  it 's more the `` alcohol is more dangerous than meth / heroin / cocaine '' side of things, 
  i feel like there 's bound to be some sort of context in australia where the suit would work, 
  fucking slack automod posting at 5 minutes past 5 , you 're as bad as the rest of us, 
  reply to this comment for friday drunken shitposting, 
  better now than keeping the whole house up at midnight like my brother does with his online game screaming, 
  had mine out a couple months ago , it 'll get worse before it gets better but it was nowhere near as bad as i was expecting, 
  shit , are these a thing ? 
  if not , why not ? 
   governmints, 
  i 'd have thought that would be the one which left a bad taste in the mouth, 
   it seems like their budget was a bit tight too . 
  tv down here does n't really come with huge budgets , you make do with what you 've got . 
  i did n't mind it personally, 
  as i said above , with my ones i was expecting way worse . 
  yeah it was a pain not being able to eat properly , and it did hurt a bit , but it was nowhere near as bad as i was expecting and i feel much better having got rid of the bastards, 
  fuck , i remember that feel . 
  grandma went to one in her last couple months with cancer , it was pretty depressing . 
  hope you 're all good, 
  watched the first episode of cleverman yesterday . 
  it 's pretty damn good , i just wish it was possible to discuss it online without having all the white supremacist lot come out of the woodwork over it, 
  dave . 
  bay of plenty would n't be associated with taupo though i 'd have thought . 
  tarawera would be a better bet, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  sure , gim me a sec . 
  sidebar updated, 
  balchy resigned as a mod , and barti deleted his account a while ago . 
  halcyon is also fairly inactive , but pops in from time to time, 
  vodka and l&p is n't that bad, 
  i love that you think we care that much about you, 
  it 's supposed to be , it 's mainly there so that unflaired posts are n't way out of line . 
  ideally people would actually flair their posts, 
  hey , if it works for john, 
  we 'd need to know what we were looking for for that to be the case . 
  not even sure whether we are looking for mods at all, 
  pfft , you 're no fun . 
  i suppose when you 've got enough kids to form their own subreddit you need to take stock of what 's more important, 
  yeah , that 's one of the rules we 're going to take a look at . 
  i 'd argue that it 's covered enough by rule 2 anyway , though i 'd say with regards to the spreadsheet issues i 'd be open to counter-arguments . 
  personally i 'd say it 's only information relating to rule 2 that i 'd consider a violation of the rules , since as you say a lot of us know basic facts about each other , especially with the daily . 
  i also think the use of ` collecting ' is important , since i would argue that would involve actually taking those facts and collating them into something like a spreadsheet . 
  eh , the last time was just a couple of lines on the new rules thread , nobody cared outside of it until the new mods were announced, 
  huh , i 've been spelling your name wrong this whole time ... 
  dammit / u/zeros1s , now look what you 've done . 
  i 've got a chicken nugget debt to jpr64 !, 
  define nearby . 
  it 's in the middle of the [ taupo volcanic zone ] ( http://geosphere.gsapubs.org/content/10/1/185/f1.large.jpg ) , which has a large amount of active volcanoes and geothermal areas . 
  it 's home to all of new zealand 's recent major eruptions ( only other big volcanoes of note are taranaki on the west coast of the north island and the auckland volcanic field further to the northwest , ) and relatively nearby is both rotorua ( a town in a geothermal zone which sees huge tourism to the geothermal features ) and mt. 
  tarawera , which erupted in 1886 and destroyed the [ pink & white terraces ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pink_and_white_terraces ) . 
  further out to sea there 's white island , which had a minor eruption earlier this year , but there 's no major craters or fissues in the immediate area . 
  so many issues i had to try and sort out yesterday , it was a nightmare . 
  and then there was the guy who decided to stop and look for shoes while i 'm taking a telly out to his car for him, 
  we did think that might be an issue with some people . 
  what did you think of the old flairs ( and what do you think of the flair system at / r/vexillology ? 
  that 's what we were aiming for , so we 'd definitely be willing to adjust it if need be ), 
  my favourite interpretation of it , and it 's admittedly one that draws a very long bow , is that it 's about essentially a guy in a bar called vertigo . 
  the countdown at the start is how you 're jumping in at the deep end , then it goes into everything - * lights go down , it 's dark / the jungle is your head * - ca n't hear yourself think in the club , you 're overwhelmed .
