  i was just hoping for another post , i 'm not used to one a day yet ... 
  i had the 1991 us-iraq war in mind , but whichever is easier to answer the question for should be fine, 
  so what about general violence ? 
  were things like car bombings , kidnappings and all that sort of thing at all common during that period ? 
  okay , seriously . 
  anyone want to start a news agency ? 
  she 'll probably throw herself at him because he saved her life, 
  two in one day !, 
  it must be christmas !, 
  as well as this , 2016 is the 25th anniversary of civ i being released , so that seems like a likely release date to me, 
  i actually love that shot of the pyramids , having something that seems so remote and ancient in the background of a modern city . 
  feels the same as seeing pictures of istanbul with the hagia sophia, 
  2016 is the 25th anniversary for the series , i would imagine that 's when they 'd go for civ 6, 
  i 'll be honest , i thought it was george bush with a haircut, 
  i remember my trip to japan a couple years ago , and of all the things i did on the trip the one i remember most vividly was sitting at the window seat of the plane , looking out over the south pacific and listening to smooth jazz . 
  it was glorious, 
  this was the largest size i could get from the video without distorting it, 
  it did say that the video was 1080p though , so maybe someone with a larger screen would be able to get better images from it ? 
  my money 's on solitaire, 
  i love the crest on the left - might have to make a canada / prussia esque flag after the contest with it, 
  we 're a couple months behind here in nz ( either s1e08 or s1e09 , i forgot after watching every episode since online ), 
  pleased i was n't the only person to think it was south ossetia, 
  fun fact : new zealand was the only undefeated team in the fifa world cup last time . 
  they did n't win a single game either, 
  i do n't think repulsed is the right word , but it definitely seems like he would n't be keen on a relationship with simmons . 
  they seem to me to have a sort of sibling relationship , that whole `` love him like a brother '' thing as opposed to just a friend thing that could evolve into something romantic . 
  in all honesty , when i first saw this i thought it was on / r/shield and you were chloe bennet, 
  am also in christchurch , you must be in the eastern suburbs ? 
  it 's fine over here by the airport, 
  do n't quite know about flat roads , i 'm having to dodge more and more potholes now because these roads are lower priority, 
  somewhere north of the south pole is the most we 've been able to figure out, 
  oh , so that 's what the o stands for ? 
  it was called esol at my high school , but whenever it was expanded it was `` english as a second language '' and i would always get confused about the o. 
  is n't the place that it was at called the guest house ? 
  i just assumed gh stood for that , the name of the research facility, 
   she 's still convinced the vp is up to something . 
  are n't we all ? 
  or they triggered the alarm themselves , given vp did n't know, 
  i 'm from new zealand . 
  can you ? 
  please ? 
  because you must always blow on the pie . 
  in australia it is . 
  lower standards . 
  if i lived in auckland it 'd be `` i 'm from auckland '' . 
  that 's how self-centered they are , anything south of taupo does n't exist, 
   jesus christ was such a fucking party animal, 
  is n't that what easter is all about ? 
  got hammered on friday and did n't rise until sunday ? 
  i 'd be more than happy to swap the mandatory close days to waitangi and anzac days . 
  maybe new year 's too , since everyone 's hungover, 
  but that 's only while it 's been pushed down from the weight of the ice , right ? 
  if the ice were to melt and once the crust rebounded it would be more like a continent , would n't it ? 
  i now have you tagged as `` sun tzu 2 '', 
  it worked for president walker, 
  you should post these to / r/pics , there are some great shots here, 
  you jest , but it 's [ pretty much true ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zealandia_%28continent%29 ), 
  why not chuck some snake in for the hell of it , too ? 
  one of the political parties here in new zealand has just proposed an internet bill of rights , guaranteeing net neutrality , the right to encryption , privacy and all that sort of thing . 
  are you a rebel ? 
  i could have sworn i 've seen this before , but did n't want to say anything until i had proof . 
  i 've definitely seen a maori version of the union jack before, 
  not if he 's the one that declared war, 
  `` special '' committee indeed, 
  the upvoting or the username ? 
  it 's also part of a semi-submerged continent that 's as long as the distance from hudson bay to haiti , or from sweden to sudan, 
  but at the same time , now that this is all out in the open it 's only a matter of time before grave robbers go on the hunt , or something similar . 
  surely you 'd be best to go sooner rather than later , so that we can actually see what 's there instead of it all winding up in the hands of shady private collectors , no ? 
  given the apparent potential war in the region , there 's also the chance that whatever 's there would be destroyed in the event of a conflict , preventing any chance of excavation by anyone, 
  and slade kidnapped his last remaining family member . 
  chances are if he 's come back for thea , he 's not going to work with the guy who kidnapped her, 
  that 's a pretty shit quote on that poster . 
  keep your eyes on the stars , sure . 
  but do n't keep your feet on the ground , that 's admitting defeat . 
  build a fucking rocket ship and go to the stars . 
  damnit , i always miss my cake day . 
  thanks though, 
  i do it at work so that i do n't piss the other people there off , but i 'd imagine it 's more fun than having a screaming baby all night, 
  pretty much . 
  i work in a technology store as one of the ` merchandising ' team , which pretty much involves blowing up and taking down the balloons , changing posters over , putting stock out and all that sort of thing . 
  reasonably easy money , so i 'm not complaining, 
  what if he 's tech support for air new zealand ? 
  air ( n ) z. 
  it all makes sense !, 
  you say rome is falling , but is it ? 
  or is it just at the point where it transitions from a republic to an empire ? 
  but you got all the karma, 
  not really , the original motivation was to protect trade routes with the west and chinese territory from the xionggu up in the north, 
  hbo : hadrian 's building organisation, 
  should x-post this to / r/pics, 
  mine changed `` club '' to ` cult ' one time . 
  that was an awkward conversation, 
  texas has been busy conquering , california 's had a civil war and the northwest saw a tri-national independence movement . 
  this is getting good, 
  this is what i get for not having seen the movies . 
  thanks !, 
  i should probably go and watch the movies now , thanks !, 
  the kid did , did n't he ? 
  the cop burst in at the end, 
  yeah , of the mcu i 've only seen the avengers and about half of thor,
