  3 seconds , you sure ? 
  i 've been out a couple times with dad and got nothing at all with 30 second exposures . 
  this is 1960 's america though , there would have been a bit of optimism around that sort of thing ( assuming no nuclear annihilation ), 
  surely it could be a question though , since you could expand it to be `` can you please pass me some watties ^ tm tomato sauce to go with the fish and chips ? '', 
  oh well yeah , it 's pretty much both , all i was meaning is that it could be interpreted as a question so the inflection is n't as bad as when it 's at the end of every single sentence, 
  huh , you too ? 
  i just got a call about one , apparently my macbook has a problem with windows ? 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  everyone knows that drones use hellfire missiles , not lasers !, 
  i mean , come on !, 
  of course not , but they 're necessary in the fight against rugby , and any ~ ~ children ~ ~ enemy combatants caught in the way are simply collateral damage, 
  morning all , and welcome to thursday the 25th of june . 
  beginning on this day in 1658 the largest battle ever to take place in jamaica was fought between the english and spanish as part of the anglo-spanish war . 
  it consisted of roughly 1300 soldiers total , and culminated in the english successfully defending the island from spanish invasion . 
  in other warfare history , today in 1876 saw the battle of little bighorn , and us general george armstrong custer 's infamous last stand . 
  during the battle , five of the twelve companies which comprised the us 7th cavalry division were annihilated , with the american casualties estimated at over 260 dead and a further 55 injured , compared to as little as 36 dead sioux . 
  today also marks 65 years since north korea invaded south korea , igniting the korean war which officially continues to this day . 
  also today , in 1948 the berlin airlift , in which western nations ( including new zealand ) undertook a massive operation to continue to supply west berlin with food and supplies following a blockade of the city by the soviet union , began , and in 1978 the rainbow gay pride flag was flown for the first time at a gay rights parade in san francisco . 
  happy birthday today to mozambique , who turns 40 today , and to croatia and slovenia , who both turn 24 . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by an end of exams and lego jurassic world, 
  [ europa universalis iv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa_universalis_iv ) , a game way to complicated for its own good, 
  civ v is totally better, 
  i dunno , i 'd prefer they did some stuff properly than tried to include everything at once and do a half-assed job of it . 
  do n't listen to him , i reckon you did alright on all that you ca n't leave behind, 
  why not have it cover both , since that 's what most of the fanbase is here for ? 
  i think that 's a bit unfair . 
  if you want a game with all the features and polish , you wait and pick it up now - less than $ 20 for the whole thing . 
  you need to keep in mind that there is n't an unlimited pool of money , and that firaxis needs income to continue working on the game . 
  civ 4 sales can only go so far . 
  releasing a game with just as much polish on features but less of them means that firaxis is able to devote time on getting them working well instead of trying to implement everything at once , with resources spread thin . 
  then it means that there 's enough income to continue working on the game , and polishing it up to how it is now . 
  you also need to keep in mind that civ 4 ( and all the other games ) have been the same . 
  prior to expansions , civs in civ 4 had no unique buildings , there were no great generals , no vassal states , corporations , random events or advanced starts , an average at best espionage system and mediocre victory conditions . 
  if it had been the other way around , and they had all of the systems present post brave new world with vanilla , you 'd be complaining that they tried to do too much and then you had to buy the dlc to fix it . 
  as long as they go in winter , they probably wo n't last long in summer, 
  no , the car is what you get with vanilla . 
  the expansion content is what you do n't need , but make driving the car more enjoyable . 
  would you rather have a car that had a/c , airbags , satnav and a stereo but nothing worked , or one that just had a/c and airbags , with the ability to buy the last two separately as extras ? 
  have n't done any in christchurch by any chance ? 
  just noticed the other day that one of them got an awesome new paint job, 
  fun fact , we 're quite possibly going to [ launch a satellite into orbit ] ( http://www.rocketlabusa.com/index.html ) within a couple years, 
  any chance of seeing lennon make a comeback on one of these ? 
  seems a shame for those murals you did on the music store to be gone for good, 
  huh , must be someone else working on it . 
  did n't really look like your style though , so i should 've picked up on it, 
  what do i need to do for you to come and protest-install solar panels at my place ? 
  it works sometimes . 
  brother of a mate of mine started dating an exchange student years ago when she was out here for six months , he 's now flying over to estonia next year to get married to her, 
  i think civilization would be good - there are hotkeys and all that , but you can just play it with your mouse . 
  turn based , so time is n't an issue at all . 
  easy to play once you get the hang of what everything does , and the learning curve is much smoother than something like euiv or even total war . 
  there 's a huge number of mods too , so if you ever get tired of the gameplay ( which after 2000 hours i can attest is unlikely ) you can download a mod which adds entirely new mechanics or a civ with a new and unique playstyle or whatever . 
  can get the whole game ( base game , plus six or seven dlc and two expansions ) for less than $ 20 when on sale too , might be able to catch the end of the summer sales at the moment, 
  i rewatched the middle east special the other day , and that 's what got me . 
  they were filming in 2010/2011 , just as protests were starting in tunisia and egypt . 
  and then they drive through palmyra , which is now the scene of a battle between syria and is , risking the destruction of one of the best archaeological sites in the world . 
  they 're quite possibly the last people to film in the country before it turned to shit . 
  think of all that sweet , sweet karma though, 
  have you checked your speedometer to make sure it 's accurate ? 
  we kept getting overtaken going 100 , turns out our speedo is set 5kph higher , so when it said we were going 100 we were actually only going 95, 
  we just did it with those speed indicator [ roadside sign things ] ( http://www.hmi.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/sid.jpg ) mainly , pretty inaccurate but given the amount of times we drive past one that says we 're doing 45 when the speedo says 50 or 95 when it says 100 or whatever the difference is fairly consistent . 
  yeah , but most of the country was still reasonably stable until 2011 . 
  if you had to choose between going there before or after the civil war began , i 'm pretty sure i know which one you 'd choose, 
   adoption of the agreement by new zealand will not require consent of parliament, 
  is there any truth to this ? 
  how does the treaty get adopted by new zealand if not through parliament ? 
  is there a chance we 'd be able to sign the treaty , but not ratify it ? 
  then what about other treaties which have been signed but not ratified , like the [ ctbt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comprehensive_nuclear-test-ban_treaty ) or the [ rome statute ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rome_statute_of_the_international_criminal_court ) , both of which have been signed by the us , but not ratified ? 
  i 'm getting mixed signals here ... 
  jeez you two , get a room, 
  invercargill is kind of our mississippi, 
  let me know if you ever want some advice on seeing the country , i 've got a couple day trip suggestions from chch and a bunch of different south island road trips which are worth your while . 
  ( that also brings up the point of driving , public transport in nz is pretty terrible , so may be worth it to get a decent car if you can . 
  within the centres you might be fine , but yeah . ), 
  who are you two talking to , i do n't see any posts there ? 
  not always - / r/cricket had one recently from a cricketer who just did it because they said people would be interested . 
  granted he was already a lurker , but still, 
  as someone who builds wonders nearly constantly early game , i 'd beg to differ . 
  as long as you 've got another city or two which can sustain your empire you 're able to afford a wonder city , at least up until king or so, 
  i did n't think people found stuff offensive in australia ? 
  except for being called kiwis of course , although i always figured that was a compliment for you lot, 
  you mean [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7uscxrykz4 ) ? 
  yeah , i dunno but i can see why some of you lot would get up in arms about it , not even sure if what he did was legal . 
  true , but op 's post is n't really clear and could be interpreted as suggesting ignoring wonders altogether early on , which is just as bad as going for all of them, 
  the couple are fine bit was followed with ` on lower difficulties ' , which could imply that in order to move up you should ignore them, 
  pakeha or nz european , given most of my grandparents moved out here from europe after world war two, 
  i was about to get really pissed off that the photo caused such a controversy , but then i read at it was actually about . 
  vietnam special had some amazing music on it , fit perfect with the episode and the theme . 
  ( is it my turn ? 
  i think it 's my turn . 
  i 'm gon na post anyway . ), 
  hello and welcome to saturday the 27th of june . 
  on this day in 1743 king george ii personally led troops into battle in bavaria , marking the last time a british monarch would command troops from the field . 
  also in british military history , today in 1760 saw cherokee forces defeat the british army in the battle of echoee , despite being outnumbered 3-1 by the brits . 
  additionally , today in 1806 british forces capture buenos aires in an ultimately unsuccessful invasion of spanish holdings in the region . 
  in other warfare news on this day , 65 years ago today the united states decided to deploy troops to fight in the korean war , and in 1991 yugoslavia invaded slovenia following the latter declaring independence in a war which lasted for 10 days and resulted in a decisive slovenian victory . 
  also today , in 2008 zimbabwean president robert mugabe won an entirely free and fair election with absolutely no vote rigging or ballot manipulation whatsoever to be re-elected in a landslide election as the country 's president . 
  check out the flair list on / r/nzcss , we 've added a bunch while working on the new css . 
  if you give us some more options before the css is finished we might be able to squeeze them in, 
  i do n't think we 'll be removing any , since personally i do n't see any point in it if we 're supposed to be adding stuff .
