  wait , south africa ? 
  when did that happen ? 
   it 's the side-eyed glance of suspicion from people when i walk in my neighborhood, 
  in my defense , i do that to everyone , regardless of race . 
  what about india ? 
  it roughly fits when he 's online , along with the british spelling and the influence of tea . 
  as i see it , there are two possible cases here . 
  either redcheer got told to get rid of it and she wanted to make a good impression , or she just got told that it was junk . 
  either way , reasonably bad . 
  because airz obviously did n't know about it ? 
  maybe whomever told her to get rid of it said that the order had come from him , and she suddenly realised that was a lie ? 
  yeah , what i mean is that someone told them that airz wanted them to get rid of it . 
  they take it out , destroy it , then airz comes out and asks whats going on . 
  redcheer realises that airz did n't ask it to be destroyed , and lies about where it is ( and about putting a spare in the pile , since we 're taking their word for it at the moment ), 
  i wonder if / r/ios9 is a subreddit already , since / r/ios8 seems to have been one for a year . 
  edit : seems someone made one two days ago . 
  huh . 
  well now that 's just greedy, 
  she will when you see the use of bismarck in her face, 
  someone has a birthday coming up, 
  possibly when the show was first announced ? 
  we 've got new subreddits for shows that have n't started yet , like / r/agentcarter, 
  is n't that exactly what he 's saying ? 
  your parents named you after bleach ? 
  the civs made by more civs , tomatekh , jfd and everyone have rich flavour , tell a story and use obscure mechanics just as much as anything from cl , only we 're better at making it fit in with the rest of the game, 
  you implied it by saying that cl 's civs are different . 
  and it 's easy enough to tell the story of a civ if you spell it out for people , it takes more ability to be able to represent the story of a civ through simple mechanics . 
  i mean , america 's story would be easy to explain if you had their ua as being `` cities on the eastern coast of a continent start with additional population , which is then transferred to western inland cities when connected by a railroad . 
  cities on your continent owned by another empire can be bought with gold '' , but it 's better when you 're able to represent the pioneering history with something as simple as +1 sight , and the entire louisiana purchase with `` 50 % cheaper tile purchases '', 
  after we release our next three mods , at least . 
  is it such an extreme example though ? 
  australia has something like 12 uniques to try and force the story upon you - instead of just giving additional food and tourism , you 've got more complex buildings which give it for no reason other than adding flavour . 
  then one of their main uniques is n't even unique to australia and is completely disjointed from the rest of the civ . 
  being ` fun or flavourful ' has nothing to do with how simple or complex a civ is , it has everything to do with the synergy of the civ . 
  let 's look at australia again :, 
   ua : boundless plains to share - settlers found puppeted cities . 
  i 'm not sure if this is expansionist , or an attempt to make you go tall , or even how it 's relevant, 
   the first 3 coastal cities founded gain free buildings that provide additional food and tourism as australia progresses throughout the ages . 
  growth seems to imply going tall , but i do n't see why the buildings are necessary . 
  introduction of tourism as a mechanic, 
   mines gain +2 production after railroads is researched . 
  production, 
   uu : digger infantry - australia 's unique great war infantry , the digger infantry performs exceptionally in desert combat ( desert warrior promotion - 50 % combat in desert ) , gains a 15 % combat bonus in foreign lands and can quickly be recruited from your workers in times of need . 
  the digger infantry does not obsolete at plastics and can upgrade into mech infantry, 
  desert based , foreign lands fighter , upgradeable from workers . 
  it 's firmly militaristic ( but what uu is n't , so i 'll let that slide ) but seems to want to fight in two different places at once . 
  morocco 's uu has a similar mechanic , but their desert start bias means that more often than not fighting in friendly territory is fighting in desert . 
   uu2 : prime minister - australia 's unique great writer , the prime minister will supply you with political quotes as great works that only australia can produce . 
  in addition , their mere rise to power will be enough to trigger a golden age !, 
  cultural , unique great works , and golden ages . 
  three more mechanics, 
  so overall , you 've got eight different mechanics in the civ . 
  a good design for a civ would have maybe two or three different mechanics , at most . 
  take the zulu for example :, 
  melee units cost 50 % less maintenance . 
  all units require 25 % less experience to earn their next promotion . 
  militaristic , helps getting promotions and having more units, 
   uu : impi , replaces pikeman . 
  before engaging in melee , the impi performs a spear throw attack that can damage or kill the enemy unit before making contact . 
  only the zulu may build it . 
  militaristic again , 2-for-1 attack, 
  in addition to the regular abilities of the barracks which it replaces , the ikanda grants a unique set of promotions to pre-gunpowder melee units created within the city . 
  these include faster movement , and greater combat strength . 
  only the zulu may build it . 
  militaristic building replacement , granting a unique promotion tree ( which the ua helps you fill ) to pre-gunpowder units ( such as the uu ) giving boosts to the military units . 
  one such boost is flanking bonuses , which is helped by the ua allowing you to field a larger military . 
  so the zulu are reasonably complex , yet they have just one focus - military . 
  this balances out the complexity of them in such a way that you need to utelise all the uniques to get the best out of all the uniques . 
  whereas australia 's mechanics are completely disjointed from each other in such a way that there 's no clear play style at all . 
  the ayyubids were a scenario port from into the renaissance - the only things we changed were the things that needed to be , since half of the stuff in the scenario was a direct ripoff from the songhai . 
  had i been making the ayyubids entirely separately i would have done so differently . 
  as for the +1 food and tourism thing , no . 
  i would n't have that at all . 
  i would have australia as a coastal expansion civ with a resource focus . 
  ua gives coastal cities bonus tourism for every era since foundation , and resources provide +1 of their respective yield . 
  seaport ub replacement ( probably gaol or convict settlement or something , i ca n't think of anything else ) that also gives a boost to tourism upon entering the atomic era . 
  uu has the opportunity to discover mineable resources in addition to a foreign lands bonus . 
  so you 'd have a ua encouraging coastal cities , which are needed for the ub - both of which provide tourism . 
  then the uu helps locate resources for the ua , while the ub further boosts resources ( since the seaport does ) . 
  that way , you 've got strong incentive to expand early along the coast and collect as many resources as possible along the way , using your uu to further it . 
  clear focus , clear play style , unique and fun to play . 
  the thing with a civ 's play style is that you should n't * need * to tell people how to play it . 
  the zulus have a completely unique playstyle in terms of their uniques , but looking at it you instantly know that you should beeline for bronze working to get the promotions , then build your army with the unique promotions and go conquering . 
  venice is obviously a trade power where you buy out city states , brazil is obviously cultural and golden age with a strong jungle focus . 
  all of them are completely unique in terms of their mechanics , yet they all work together properly and a player can easily see how they should approach the civ when playing it . 
  if you want to go the route of unique playstyles , you need to make sure that it 's clear how to play it . 
  i 've been playing civ since the day it came out and have over 2000 hours on it , and looking at it i have no idea how i would approach australia if playing it . 
  hey , at least you 'll get to have a split polynesia, 
  i reckon it 's india . 
  fits with the british english , time zone , and he has n't used rupees yet as the currency, 
  i think you mean *** freedom ^ tm ***, 
  could easily be someone who moved there ? 
  born in europe , family moved to india and grew up there ? 
  that 's a damn sexy car, 
  he 's also on here , i thought it was as stuck in customs but reddit did n't recognise the username . 
  it 's something like that though, 
  huh , even clearer than i thought . 
  thanks for that !, 
  surely there are a few more than six colours to choose from ? 
  i mean , it might be a bit odd to have a pink and orange nordic cross , but still .
