  * and i 'll get back to discussing geo-political hypotheticals while preparing for a double major . 
  you 're not the only one that can be pretentious , * mate *, 
  political science and anthropology at this stage , but i might end up doing a law degree or something, 
  are n't law degrees horribly expensive though ? 
  nzalt or hstark ? 
  / r/newzealand seems to be fairly hostile in that area as a whole , there 's a xenophobia megathread with links to other threads like it . 
  i linked to nzalt 's post since it was one of the only ones responding in a remotely serious manner, 
  edit : i think it 's worth mentioning that new zealand as a whole is n't xenophobic , and for the most part are hugely welcoming of foreign nationals . 
  foreign ownership of land is a hot issue at the moment for some reason though , and i do n't know the debate thoroughly enough to try and explain it . 
  i hope like hell you 're a troll , otherwise that height you were dropped from is just increasing with every thing you say, 
  oh my god ... 
  i 'm so sorry on behalf of all the decent new zealanders . 
  i 'm shocked, 
  i know , i did it intentionally to try and be pretentious, 
  you 're back !, 
  nah , i did n't take chemistry . 
  i wanted to , but it did n't fit into my timetable . 
  i sort of regret it now , having just got an excellence endorsement before exams and nothing at a grade lower than merit all year i feel like i need a subject that would challenge me more . 
  plus i enjoy science , so it 's not completely out of the question to take one of the bridging courses at uni and do something there, 
  they 've just changed all the standards , so no-one ( teachers included ) has any idea what to expect since nzqa is n't playing ball and does n't give any indications of what the papers will look like, 
  can someone explain who darqwolff is ? 
  and give them the honour of having their name go down in history of one of the few to have walked on the moon ? 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  what was the worst reaction you had from someone who was the subject of one of your jokes ? 
  moai - it 's like sheep , or fish, 
  polynesia can have the most unique - if you 've ever tried the polynesian hail mary , you 'd know, 
  that was perfectworld 3 , a mod map script that replicates realistic weather systems - orographic rainfall , tradewinds and so on, 
  the ability to embark from the start . 
  the hail mary strategy i talked of is only possible on a terra map , but essentially you 're leaving the old world with your warrior and settler , and sailing all the way to the new world . 
  you 're behind everyone else , but you have a whole continent to expand into . 
  if you do it right , you can control the entire continent by the time other civs discover you , and you should have made up any difference in tech, 
  why could n't it be jedi ? 
  i love [ alexander 's peace theme ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yekre2uamyg ) . 
  i played it every time i was doing classics assignments , really helps to set the mood, 
  i vote for it as one of the best in politics full stop, 
  i usually pronounce it `` lang-ee '', 
  which is why i said one of . 
  i like some of jfk 's ones too , and then there 's the whole `` tear down this wall ! '', 
  line, 
  play as alexander , it 's always the first song to play after loading when you 're not at war, 
  if hell exists i look forward to unimaginably awesome movies, 
  6x great grandmother got the custard powder and the arsenic mixed up , accidentally killed her whole family with pudding . 
  the one of her kids that i 'm descended from had already left for new zealand at that point , so he did n't eat the pudding and survived, 
  the acquisition of the kumara certainly helped maori settlements in new zealand , but it did n't allow them . 
  the abundance of large bird-life , particularly the moa , gave an ample amount of food for the new settlers , as well as seals further south . 
  really , the maori settlers would have been able to survive in small isolated groups , but the kumara allowed the maori to spread throughout new zealand and develop the complex society and military traditions which they ended up having, 
  castle , with beckett 's job in dc . 
  she gets a job that she loves and is good at , then gets fired after two weeks and is instantly given her job back . 
  then they proceed as if nothing ever happened, 
  i had one of these for the first time last year in harajuku on the first trip not with family ( school trip to japan ) . 
  it was the best thing i had to eat on that trip , between finding out shrimp produces a fairly violent allergic reaction and eating mcdonalds since i knew i was n't allergic to that . 
  fond memories of being served ( what i thought was ) turkish food by a german speaking english in japan, 
  i 'm thinking of having an aquatic version of the farm become available with aquaculture that can be built with work boats like a normal improvement , how does that sound ? 
  i could probably make everything else buildable too , but i 'm not sure about rebuilding pillaged stuff - that would require making other states of the improvement models , which could be problematic ( fires in aquatic things do n't really make much sense ), 
  ooh hey , i like that . 
  mind if i try and use it ? 
  not so sure about that . 
  are we giving the * city * extra visibility , or the * unit * ? 
  it would definitely have to be units in that city - imagine an empire with six cities with lighthouses - a unit would have 8 tile visibility at least, 
  i 'm thinking of opening a topic at civfanatics when it gets a bit further along , but i 'll definitely keep the updates coming . 
  i 've got a couple ideas for the later era , particularly using the techs from the 1492 scenario to expand the age of discovery . 
  i 'd like to try and keep my cards close to my chest , but i 'm thinking at this stage of having an enlightenment era and overhauling the modern era with a certain thing that is always under-represented in civ . 
  some buildings will provide it , others will consume it , and i 'm toying with the idea of having a national grid type thing, 
  i used to see stuff like this all the time when i lived in wellington - getting a clean landing there is almost unusual, 
  a chick was giving me a hard time about a rumor that i had a thing for another girl . 
  eventually i got fed up , turned to her and said `` yeah , i 'd date her if i got the chance . 
  but then again , i 'd also date you , so that gives you an idea of how low my standards are '', 
  no worries - it 's why i got my love of planes . 
  i could name all of the ones that flew into wellington by the time i was three , since our house overlooked the bay and the airport . 
  both make tv shows where they travel the world , but where palin is more serious and respectful karl treats everything like a joke and mocks the other cultures . 
  he once called the statue of christ the redeemer in rio de janiero a pylon, 
  i do n't know the etymology behind it , so i 'll just say it 's because english wants to be the most confusing language in the world, 
  but it 's the sluttiness of it as a language that makes it confusing , especially for people trying to learn it as a second language . 
  touche, 
  as a new zealander , this makes so much sense, 
  i thought that might be the case - i recognised some shots of tokyo , but others looked like different cities, 
  they do it on the cbs shows too ( ncis : los angeles and hawaii five-0 especially ) . 
  it pisses me off to no end, 
  wait - i came in sometime in season 2 , what 's with the connection between nell and nate if they did n't actually work together ? 
  that 's not a backhanded compliment at all , that 's just a backhand, 
  yeah , i do . 
  but i 've only seen season 1 , does he change after that ? 
   do people in nz really talk like that ? 
  some , but not all of us . 
  that 's more of a really strong maori accent , but we do use fairly similar language, 
   do people in nz really dress like that ? 
  sometimes , again in that sort of situation . 
  but the ` puzzletime ! ', 
  bit is really old fashioned, 
   why was n't anyone in the ad fucking a sheep ? 
  because you were n't there, 
  you waste a name like that on a throwaway ? 
  those colours are usually used to represent the maori , since they were almost exclusively the only colours used in maori art . 
  they 're also present on the [ tino rangatiratanga ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/tino_rangatiratanga_maori_sovereignty_movement_flag.svg/1080px-tino_rangatiratanga_maori_sovereignty_movement_flag.svg.png ) , a flag which has become widely used as a flag of maoridom in new zealand ( and is usually seen at hikois , or maori-based protests ), 
  i 'm even worse . 
  talking to a girl i had a thing for , she 's cute , can speak about five languages , play multiple instruments well , all that sort of thing . 
  eventually she asks `` are you doing anything tomorrow night ? '', 
  to which i responded `` oh , well i 've got a geography exam in a couple days so probably studying for that '' . 
  did n't even make me register what just happened, 
  but that use is exactly what makes it good as a flag of new zealand .
