  we dominate over at / r/percapitabragging, 
  awesome , great job !, 
  not a fan of the font for `` grab a glass in '' - feels a bit anachronistic - but the poster is just like the old ones , it 's fantastic, 
  what 's the font you used for new zealand ? 
  i love it, 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  reminder : this afternoon and tonight we 've got a movie night with geonet . 
  you can watch the movie whenever , but if you 're wanting to syncronise it with geonet then the movie starts at 5.00 pm . 
  please come along and join in , there may be a special guest stopping in to say gidday too, 
  i was going to remove this for editorialised title thinking that they had just passed it off as their own , but it seems like they 've actually given credit for once and they 're not trying to hide that they steal content for once, 
  i 've thought about this so much . 
  as i see it , they either can do an acoustic version popmart sunday bloody sunday style , or they go all out . 
  put it after raised by wolves , and have the first three notes come at the end of wolves like at the end of all along the watchtower , then silence . 
  people are cheering and shit . 
  then larry comes in with the drums all violent and aggressive , and that 's the only instrument at all . 
  once he finishes the intro , edge comes in with his bullet / zoo station style guitar , and bono delivers heart-wrenching vocals like he does with please . 
  lemon into streets is my dream . 
  i 'd love it if they went back to that half acoustic show idea - bring in some strings , have stuff like one , sbs , acrobat , a bunch off the new album and so on, 
   cannabanoids now include both herbal cannabis and synthetic highs, 
  that seems like an odd grouping , considering one seems to cause a hell of a lot more harm than the other, 
  what if guggenheim is setting himself up as the villain in s5 , and the whole season is just this fourth wall breaking clusterfuck where they go to get their show back ? 
  not just that , it had the biggest net loss out of any subreddit on the entire site yesterday, 
  same one as yours , our growth yesterday was ranked 842,366 out of 842,366 subreddits, 
  wait , what ? 
  was it a different flag or something ? 
  psa : spoilers will get you banned . 
  do n't be a prick, 
  $ 10 if you 're using one of those ticket books from hoyts ( 5 for $ 50 , so it balances out ), 
  i 've got one , he just sits in front of the telly and calls sports players wallies, 
  was on the first episode of the resassembler , his new show, 
  awesome , glad to have you back guys !, 
  welcome back to natalie , caroline , and ken , and hello to all the new faces - hopefully everything should run smoothly but feel free to let me know if there are any issues with posts showing up or anything . 
  i 'd also like to welcome everyone new to the subreddit ( or to reddit as a whole ) who is showing up for this event , it 's awesome to have everyone here for what 's hopefully the latest in what 'll become a long line of events - be sure to check out the [ ama ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/4bjbhu/ama_with_geonet_new_zealands_geohazard_monitoring/ ) from a couple weeks ago if you have n't . 
  i 'll sort this thread by new , so that the top posts stay in line with the current position in the movie , but this can be changed back manually if you 'd prefer to see the top rated comments or anything . 
  i 'll be hanging around for the duration of the event in the background , so again i 'm happy to help if there are any issues , but i 'm sure everything will run smoothly and it 'll be great . 
  reminder that the movie starts at 5 at geonet 's end , if you 're wanting to watch in sync with them, 
  each to their own , i suppose . 
  i loved rhys ' appearance and most of the movie as a whole , but i can definitely see how it would n't be to everyone 's taste, 
  reminder : the movie night with geonet ( and featuring a special guest appearance from the director of the movie himself ) is [ live now ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/4durfh/disaster_movie_night_with_geonet/ ) - head on over and join in !, 
  i thought foreshocks do sometimes occur with big earthquakes ? 
  nah , they 've already mentioned it in their promo on / r/movies, 
  is there any pattern to when they occur ? 
  like , is a certain type of earthquake more likely to have a foreshock than other ones ? 
  does bill nye count ? 
  oi / u/mamba _ 79 , he 's stealing your gig, 
  hey , if our ones are anything to go by then you 'll have four carloads in no time, 
  the earthquakes are evolving !, 
  anything but thursday or friday , which are the late nights . 
  i 'm also getting wisdom teeth out on the 19th which will probably knock me out of commission for about a week or so . 
  but other than that and the next two days ( today and tomorrow ) i 'm fine with whatever . 
  you guys ca n't get away from sharknado , can you ? 
  first questions in the ama , now this !, 
  just like those earthquakes, 
  that sucks - i 'm immune since i went on opening night , but it 's still a dick move . 
  actually , i should probably re-impliment the spoiler code . 
  think it got lost in the css, 
  i think they 'd get some of it , the terminator stuff and the jetpack seemed to be received well in the trailer discussion thread on / r/movies, 
  can confirm , driving in an earthquake is difficult to say the least, 
  we 've gone full circle now . 
  it 's funny though , i was thinking the other day about how new seaplanes might actually be useful for pacific nations like new zealand to have . 
  we recently sent aid up to fiji after a cyclone but could n't reach certain islands due to a lack of an airstrip . 
  having a seaplane we could just land offshore and send landing craft out with supplies, 
  yeah , i remember seeing the story of the california clipper on here a while back . 
  most of the ones still in production are tiny , i 'm thinking more c-130 size flying boats which are able to get aid quickly and effectively to even remote islands, 
  well , austronesians - same group , but different . 
  probably closer to indonesians than maori, 
  yeah , not hercules sized ones though, 
  mate , it 's not editorialised . 
  how is it editorialised ? 
  it 's not opinion that she could n't produce id , it says so in the article, 
  three old presenters generate extravagant automobile reviews ? 
  oh a change.org petition , that 's sure to work !, 
  i 'm pleased with this , for all the shit people give the mtc and the process ( myself included ) it 's still a huge task to try and sort through hundreds of submissions and that 'd undoubtedly have an impact on judgement . 
  they claim some have , but i think it 's more correlation than anything, 
  i 'm pretty sure taking the moving blades of a helicopter off would need at least a little bit of cgi, 
  now all i need to do is become prime minister and ask them to make some, 
  did n't he call america his home earlier in the episode too ? 
  honestly , i 've seen a good dozen or so posts with what would be amazing plot lines for the entire last couple series , or even how to save the current one . 
  every single one has been great , and i have no faith that the actual one will be anywhere near as decent, 
  damn that 's cool, 
  would you mind if i squashed it a bit and put it as a header image ? 
  not the full thing , maybe just something like [ this ? 
  if you can think of a way to get it in the shot and not have it look way too squashed then let me know by all means - i tried to get it and the cliffs in , but it looks weird and you miss out on the valley, 
  not in circulation - this one actually is ( officially at least , though they only minted 1,000,000 and people tend to snap them up as soon as they find them ), 
  we switched from fpp to mmp about 20 years ago , and have n't looked back since . 
  it 's so good , and we regularly have at least six parties in parliament with representation of pretty much everyone, 
  2000 x 200 preferably , the one i used as a preview was a 250 x 2000 crop squished down, 
  sweet as , cheers . 
  might still squash it so that it fits in the header ( it 's a rubbish size i know , but that 's the nature of the beast it seems ) but it should work, 
   48 hours to go, 
  24 's where it 's at, 
  i 've resorted to just citing one bit out of as many sources as possible to pad my bibliographies, 
  sometimes better than , knowing some english speakers, 
  the wanderer is amazing . 
  i was listening to it on the way home from work , and it was one of those nights where there were no clouds , it was just after sunset and the sky was a bunch of different colours . 
  streetlights had just come on and were going off in the distance , and it was warm enough to have the windows down . 
  driving along and listening to that was something special , it 's always been a sort of 50 's atomic age retrofuturist space-cowboy song to me for some reason , no idea why, 
  so it 's part of normal faulting , but is n't a quake on the actual boundary ? 
  ( which i imagine would be a fair bit bigger ), 
  go to wellington , it 's fucking awesome .
