  nz best anzac confirmed, 
   you ca n't nominate yourself, 
   to nominate , accounts must be over six weeks old and active contributors, 
  you can sponsor sections if you want , / u / - chocko - did that with some political ones last year . 
  we 've hopefully got ten creddits from the admins to give away as part of it , we 're not actually paying out of our own pockets, 
  it 's not stickied because of the geonet ama and the best of 2016 awards, 
  at least you were n't the one that banned garden posts, 
  are you using an app or something ? 
  yeah , knew about that one, 
  both , nominate people and vote for them, 
  good idea , feel free to suggest it as a category !, 
  enjoying my only day off since this time last week , before the mad rush of boxing day . 
  i think it 's just gon na be the standard champagne breakfast and bbq, 
  did you remember the tree ? 
  we 've got it at / r/deliberatebaroque, 
  nah , stay overnight to break up the trip - lets you get to the blowholes at high tide , and check out a bit of paparoa, 
  if you actually wanted to go to kaikoura , there 's two roads in and out now that are open to the public during daylight hours . 
  it 's a bit of a diversion , but it would go a long way to supporting their local economy and helping it recover if you could afford the diversion . 
  i 'd also suggest that unless you 're a wine snob not to bother with blenheim . 
  it 's nice and all but not worth the diversion now that you 'd be going up the middle instead of up sh1 . 
  you could potentially try a night in kaikoura and a night in nelson if you wanted to stop off in kaikoura . 
  you probably do n't really need three nights in both queenstown and wanaka either - queenstown has a huge amount of stuff to do , but wanaka is pretty much the same sort of stuff and is a budget queenstown . 
  that said , if you 've booked accommodation i sure as hell would n't try and change plans at this point . 
  what i would suggest here is to make sure you go over the crown range and cadrona , it 's a great road with a cool pub in the middle . 
  arrowtown is pretty nice this time of year too . 
  i presume you 're driving up to milford sound on your two nights in te anau ? 
  leaving early ( even like 7-8 am ) means you 'll get the road to yourself and wo n't have to fight with the hordes of tourists from queenstown on busses to see it , which makes the whole place a hell of a lot nicer . 
  i 'd also say that te anau to mt cook in a day is going to be a [ huge drive ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/srm2mruv2rk ) , and normally i 'd suggest breaking it up . 
  drive times in nz are always longer than what google says , both because of how many corners there are and how many times you 'll stop for photos . 
  but that 5 hour drive on google will probably a 7 or 8 hour one when you actually do it, 
  it annoys me that they play the anti-semitic card every time someone criticises them for it . 
  it 's like `` you 're definitely allowed to be a country , just try not to build yours on top of another one '', 
  christmas in hollis ? 
  yeah i know , my comment did n't contradict that, 
  how does the fact that there 's a bigger problem mean we should n't try to address other ones ? 
  [ fucking called it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5jyp70/new_zealand_malaysia_venezuela_and_senegal/dbk32jx/ ), 
  in terms of the original zionist movement and foundation of israel as a whole , it 's probably the most accurate place for a jewish state based on self-determination as the historical location of judea and jewish kingdoms , though it is a tad artificial in terms of self-determination of a local populace which is the normal manner of things . 
  given the diaspora there probably was n't anywhere else it could have worked , plus the entire notion of state divisions in the middle east is iffy at best , so the creation of a jewish state in * british mandate of palestine * is n't really that far out of the realm of things . 
  israeli expansion into the * state of palestine * on the other hand is clearly a violation of international law and of palestinian sovereignty , and i 'm pretty sure is contradictory to even the treaties which brought israel into existence in the first place . 
  the big stuff is normally where to look ( ie . 
  the deals they advertise as a specific product ) - the rest is normally just filler and you can get a better deal at other points in the year, 
  still feel kind of sad about dickies not being on that list this time, 
  if there are big deals you can normally get in fairly early before the crowds , where i work it does n't get proper mental until about 10-ish, 
  nah , the actual products on sale rotate pretty regularly . 
  big holiday weekends you 'll always get the biggest deals , but because they rotate it 's not always the best on boxing day ( eg . 
  20 % off one brand on boxing day might be 30 % off at easter ), 
  removed under rule 5 , see the other post for more comments and whatnot, 
  yeah , i can fully see him being our response to the anti-globalist sentiment across the western world at the moment, 
  sounds like the start of a bad sitcom ... 
  oh sorry , thought you were making a joke about that old stereotype of nazis fleeing to argentina after the war, 
  can we please change it back to 3 caps ? 
  one cap and games are over more often than not in less than a minute, 
  awesome , thanks so much for doing this !, 
  merry christmas mate, 
  that 's no fun , have some gold for christmas, 
   50 's tunes, 
  please share, 
  oh man that brings back memories , love that stuff, 
  these gifts seem a bit contradictory, 
  to be honest most of that just sounds like standard auckland driving to me, 
  but is n't this voting on album versions ? 
  it 's a problem with both of these songs to be fair - the wide awake in america version of asoh and the danny lanois versions are miles better than the original and would probably take out the vote imo , but then you 'd need to take into account the live versions of bad and you 'd have the same problem, 
  case in point is kings of leon - everything i 've heard about them says they 're dicks , but i 'll be damned if they do n't make awesome music, 
  i 'd have thought choice buzz is when you 've got a choice buzz on from booze or some other substance, 
  obligatory / r/deliberatebaroque link, 
  hey i 've just gone and removed your recent posts - in future , could you link to the image direct instead of to another reddit post ? 
  cheers, 
  it 's 2016 , did you really expect any different ? 
  we 're pretty much doing this already at / r/deliberatebaroque, 
   are you getting a little sick of the whole ` fuck you 2016 ' stuff too ? 
  this explains the response to my post, 
  we 've got sub-hunters, 
   israel does not have an ironclad agreement to come to israel 's defense . 
  i feel like one of these should be america instead, 
  removed , since this has nothing to do with new zealand . 
  yeah you can fuck right off with that sort of talk, 
  sub-hunter beats subs , war is pretty much a big game of paper-scissors-rock, 
  yeah we 're not having any of that kind of talk here . 
  removed , there 's a couple posts on this already, 
  the old mitre 10s were great , back when they were more like a local hardware store instead of a big megastore . 
  now it 's just eh, 
  is n't that still technically an entire crew ? 
  just a quick reminder that there 's only two days left to vote in the [ best of / r/nz 2016 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5jpfad/rnewzealand_best_of_2016_awards_thread/ ) competition , so head on over and vote / nominate while you still can !, 
  some categories are pretty empty and i 'm not sure if we even have 10 categories , so there 's still plenty of gold up for grabs, 
  if he carks it before i get to see them in concert i 'm going to be pretty pissed off . 
  i would say hrh too , but i think she 's going to survive until charles dies just to spite him, 
  this is going to be hilarious if you do n't add a picture and he ends up losing to paul again, 
  i 've already banned a couple of neo-nazis and a couple of overt zionists , both for extreme racism and calls for genocide of differing races . 
  it 's gon na be a long one, 
  yeah , the latest tour is a bit eh based on what i 've seen , would have loved to be able to go to one of the last few tours, 
  removed , it 's not about new zealand beyond one paragraph which is n't anything new, 
  fuck it , i 'm removing these posts under rule 12 now, 
  removed under rule 6, 
  hah , good luck with that - we 're nuclear free , the nukes will stop at the border !, 
  nah i 've just started removing them under rule 12 , unless they actually have something new, 
  removed , not related to new zealand, 
  sorry , we 're removing these posts under rule 12 now, 
  bonus points if all other flairs are upside down while on diameter, 
  first day off other than christmas in two weeks , and my cat decides to come in and wake me up at exactly 6am . 
  chur , not like i needed sleep anyway .
