  i 'd like to ask about top 's policy on political reform in new zealand , specifically the reintroduction of the upper house . 
  in the policy , it claims the goal is to :, 
   [ provide ] parliament a learned and independent check on pending legislation , as well as a focus on upholding the constitution . 
  this strikes me as a function similar to either a select committee or the supreme court in the american sense - why is this role better suited to a separate house within parliament as opposed to one of these , or another aspect of it . 
  additionally , the policy calls for the upper house to be a mix of appointed and elected - my question in this regard is how can you hope for it to be democratic and independent in the case of the former , or learned and suited for the role in the case of the latter ? 
   the depth of his ` team ' of mps is shallower than the official fonterra definition of a stream, 
  this is 1930 's levels of savage, 
  literally the first politician to give a politician answer on pineapple, 
  feel free to stop by anytime !, 
  gale-force is used quite a bit, 
  kiwi here - christmas is december like everywhere else , but we celebrate with a bbq , some backyard cricket and a shitload of beer from the chilly bin . 
  it 's mean as, 
  i feel like it 's a bit of both, 
  that 's horrible , and seems to be more than enough reason to get them out of there, 
  aus is still a continent , which technically also includes new guinea . 
  they 're saying zealandia should be recognised as an eighth continent, 
  rainbow warrior reparations ? 
  link does n't work btw, 
  mfw literally the one day of the week i 'm on the evening shift at work, 
  any posting of personal information is against reddit 's sidewide rules , and is something the admins take very seriously . 
  it 's gone really bad in the past , so it 's not something to fuck around with, 
  yeah , but there 's always the chance there 's more to the story . 
  the classic example is the boston bombers , where reddit led a witchhunt and vilified the person they thought to be the suspect until he committed suicide over it , only for it to be revealed that the guy was n't involved at all . 
  shit has consequences , and until all the details are public we ca n't condone any personal information of any sort, 
  what 's so wrong about that ? 
  you should absolutely have different civs for the different indian empires , maurya has nothing in common with the mughals who have nothing in common with modern india, 
  someone said yesterday the date on the grave is the same as the airdate for fzzt, 
  it 's definitely getting up there , maybe not as good as , but close . 
  miles ahead of the last two, 
  or she could just accept one of the many offers she 's had from multiple people every time this comes up , myself included . 
  for some reason she seems to think that it 's possible to moderate an entire place by yourself , which evidently it is n't . 
  that 's why we started it !, 
  we 're looking at getting more features and a proper css added in soon , so it should start looking better before long, 
  hey guys , mod of / r/deliberatebaroque here . 
  we 're still getting started up , but we 'd love to have you over there . 
  we 're like / r/accidentalrenaissance , but with actual moderation and more features . 
  i 've put up a butchered hackjob of a css as a temporary thing while i modify it so it does n't have the ghastly default , but going ahead we 're planning to make it easier to flair posts based on what art style they are , report stuff that is n't fitting of the theme , and hopefully get more than just the same old reposts while also gaining a better understanding of the various artstyles while you 're at it !, 
  let me know if you have any questions and i 'd be more than happy to answer them !, 
  smooth, 
  yeah , some of the content there is great , especially older stuff . 
  we just want to actually make sure it 's flaired properly and that it actually fits an artstyle, 
  what would you say they have in common ? 
  well obviously , but it 'd be like saying that macedon and persia should be the same civ , or any number of the european civs - england and the celts , rome and italy, 
  it 's from the euromaidan protests in ukraine a couple years back . 
  there 's a whole host of absolutely amazing photos that came out of it , especially when you 've got the juxtaposition of the black smoke from burning barricades and the fresh snow falling, 
  fair point - though there 's conflicting evidence on whether it 's the oldest or not . 
  the other contender is also a find from the waipara river - * waimanu manneringi * - which some sources estimate at 62mya and others at 60mya . 
  this comes in smack bang in the middle of that range at 61mya , so i was under the impression when i posted it that it was the oldest because i 'd heard the 60mya figure as the date for waimanu , but upon researching further it seems other research has come out which potentially puts waimanu as older . 
  either way , it helps diversify the ecology of paleocene new zealand , and increases the amount of awesome cenozoic finds coming out of the south island . 
  just wish we 'd be able to find some stuff from a couple million years beforehand too, 
  removed under rule 5, 
  in all seriousness , can you imagine how awesome that would have been if they discovered an entire new landmass only after we got to space ? 
  removed for not being a direct link to an image . 
  you have been made a moderator of / r/moruroa, 
  i 'll see what i can do, 
  controversial call ... 
  fuck that 's a much bigger margin than i was expecting , pretty big defeat for top even compared to the greens , does n't bode well for them later in the year, 
   mt albert has become one of the greens ' best electorates.this time genter should expect at least 30 per cent . 
  she could go over 40 . '', 
  oof , slightly less than expected then, 
  i dunno , i think they needed to in order to give jacinda 's win some credibility . 
  such a big win would n't have been anywhere near as much of a big deal if it were against the bottom of the list parties . 
  do you actually go on proper dates and couple shit , or do you just go round to each other 's place and inspect wardrobes ? 
  but then it 's as good as a one horse race and damages jacinda 's win . 
  it 'd look bad for her come the election if the only race she 's ever won was against no-one serious . 
  decided that the best way to get back to sleep this morning would be to bring my head down hard as my half-asleep self could on the corner of the bedside table . 
  so now i 'm up , with a very sore head . 
  shit well i 'm fucked then, 
  she 's said she does n't want the role ( yet ) - it 'd be grant with her as deputy i think, 
  bets on who will benefit from the huge swing this time ? 
  i 'd love to hear lemon into streets , feel like that 'd be something special, 
  awesome news , so happy it 's staying in local hands and hopefully they 'll re-open it instead of just using the land for development, 
  maybe / u/jpr64 ? 
  do n't know so much about stuff similar to that , but if you think blues is all sax and slow beats then you 're in for a treat . 
  check out some jimi hendrix / stevie ray vaughan / john meyer / gary clark jr for some great blues rock . 
  12 bar can get a bit repetitive ( oh my baby left me ) but that does n't mean it 's not legit awesome, 
  i ported gold to the base game and i 've still got no idea how the models work . 
  there 's * nothing * that links the model to the resource - i assume it 's done automatically , but it 's weird, 
  do n't forget the lack of edgy political posts . 
  i 'm probably one of the most politically involved in my friends group , and i try not to post political shit because i know it pisses people off . 
  super tempted , but i 'm set with my super wines / vintage cheddar at the moment i think . 
  plus with shipping it 'd probably show up about the same time as they go on sale here, 
  how is a world lead different from a world record ? 
  oh that makes sense, 
  this explains a lot, 
  cheapest wireless ones are skullcandy ink 'd at ~ $ 60-90 depending on if you get them on sale , but the best ones for quality / sports use are probably the plantronics backbeat , which come in at ~ 100-130, 
  got into a crash for the first time yesterday - trying to change lanes in stop-start traffic , turned around to check if the next lane over was free , turn back and traffic has stopped but i could n't in time . 
  was only a slow speed one and i had no damage , but the guy 's bumper in front of me got dislodged . 
  thankfully because i did n't want any repairs to my car there was n't an excess , so that 's all good, 
  i 'm fully loving the soundtrack from what we 've seen so far , ccr and the animals . 
  hopefully it 's going to be full of vietnam era stuff and continue along these lines, 
  need a cameraman ? 
  took me way too long to realise narco anon was n't another name for the daily, 
  i have a camera and did most of the filming for my mate 's media studies project four years ago , does that count ? 
  as a young person in chch i 've resigned to the fact that i 'll still probably not be able to afford a house at this rate, 
  well it 's an improvement over my current job at least, 
  ai n't competition a wonderful thing ? 
  shit i thought he looked familiar, 
  it 's a cause too , just the same as the fall of the ussr was a cause . 
  similar to rule 1 on the sidebar,
