  guys , this obviously is n't his fault . 
  he 's not a liar or anything , he just has amnesia !, 
  we should get him to a doctor and pass power over to his deputy , he 's clearly not fit to run the country ( or he 'll be preparing for going to the g20 next month ), 
  yeah , all these people trying to tell op that you 're allowed to garden here . 
  thankfully most of / r/newzealand are being good , law-abiding citizens and informing op about the strict anti-gardening laws we 've got, 
  labour clawing back ground , little by little ? 
  ^ i 'll ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ out . 
  wait , what ? 
   an eight part television event, 
  is it just the one season ? 
  but is it too little , too late ? 
  of course you are , a leftie would believe in equal distribution of karma . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone that would be able to win an election . 
  some of them may be able to run the country , but i think the lot of them would be hard pressed to win - english is probably the only one to be unscathed by all the scandals of the last three terms, 
  stuff : this morning 's sideswipe : yesterday 's / r/newzealand today , this afternoon !, 
   lastly , we would like this petition to be taken as a call to arms . 
  quick !, 
  let 's ignore the weakening of democracy or the corruption , and start a revolution over the right to * speed !, 
  it hurt my head writing it . 
  not even sure if it works, 
  living the dream . 
  i thought less people voted ? 
  or maybe that was just the percentage of people who voted on the day , ignoring advance voting ? 
  * one first-world country has banned gardening !, 
  you 'll be shocked when you learn which one it is !, 
   total war : attila : rome 2, 
  should probably throw a couple medievals and empires in there for good measure . 
   neither dose appears to have any immediately apparent side effects . 
  what about the fever ? 
  is that not counted because it disappeared after a day or something ? 
  given the second part of the comment ( not jacking up the price ) i 'd assume they meant easily available to everyone who will need it - people in affected countries , aid workers and so on, 
  i wonder if we could game the system , turn them into a sort of onion style site ? 
  or the guy that wanted to buy great barrier island and declare independence, 
  turns out he [ did another ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1nnd7q/ive_been_to_every_country_in_the_world_now_im/ ) a year ago . 
  i was getting deja vu with that one too , and when he said he was detained in the congo . 
  would you stick to the no planes thing now , or since the record is over would you use them ? 
  i think / r/airz23 would collectively explode if that happened, 
  does it count if you 're always drunk ? 
   add civilizations like israel, 
  never gon na happen in an official context , sorry . 
  regardless of whether it is deserving of a spot or not , it 's simply too controversial to be a civ . 
  the person they met with at the sushi place was interested in buying a media company , so they set up a quiet meeting in the sushi place to try and work out a deal . 
  she told sloan and charlie that she 'd be meeting with the board on thursday . 
  charlie also noticed that she did n't eat much , implying that she did n't like sushi ( yet met them in a sushi restaurant ), 
  thursday rolls around and the guy from the correspondent 's dinner shows up to buy the company . 
  the person who they met with at the sushi place tweets ` exciting media buy announcement coming ' , which sloan and charlie assuming that meant acn . 
  however , then halifax stocks jumped up , meaning that instead of acn she was buying halifax . 
  the reason the sushi place was chosen is that there was a halifax board member in the place at the time , and that she wanted to be seen to be in discussions with acn . 
  so the person from the sushi place ( tori , was it ? ), 
  was never interested in buying acn and was instead using it to put pressure on halifax to accept her offer . 
  tl ; dr : she never wanted to buy the company . 
  she took the meeting to put pressure on halifax , who she wanted to buy . 
  did n't switzerland offer at one point ? 
  so that they would play along , i guess, 
   i would say it 's more likely because redditors have a bottomless appetite ~ ~ for stories about lying , cheating women . 
  people . 
  drama . ~ ~, 
  ftfy, 
  i had one kind of like it - it was a wooden shell garage , just two floors and a ramp . 
  pretty sure there was n't an elevator . 
  think it was my dad 's when he was a kid though , so would have been early 70 's, 
  you guys make me wish i still lived in wellington ... / r/christchurch is fairly empty, 
  i do n't know about that , i feel pretty violent after getting hit by a spiny shell in mario kart, 
  i do n't think it 's so much that it 's the party of the mps , but that paula had the whole `` zip it , sweetie '' thing which iirc she did n't apologise for . 
  but now that it happened to her , she 's all upset about it and demanding an apology . 
  looks great , although the colours are very similar to the maori from the looks of it, 
  definitely a desert tribes one , and probably a briton / germanic one, 
  how is it supposed to be pronounced ? 
  oh shit , is it crate day ? 
  i was woken up at 4:30 am by the family going off on a fishing day trip , now about to start a full day working retail in a store that will be hopelessly understaffed because everyone takes crate day off , and at the same time extremely busy , because it 's saturday . 
  this should be fun . 
  well , the whole planet * is * red . 
  got ta go get those commies !, 
  there 's a book that i 'm looking at getting , but for some reason it 's not released in nz until the middle of next year , despite being out elsewhere since may, 
  nah , i 'll probably just buy it off book depository , they have free shipping to nz, 
  what new ad ? 
  i was about to post one of the wallpapers i use , thinking you did n't have it , but then it showed up at # 90, 
  ouch , losing half a point for missing the * ern * of western australia ? 
  that 's pretty harsh marking, 
  that 's debatable . 
  i mean , if we take each word as half of the answer then they have got half of it right , although by that logic calling it `` northern yemen '' or `` ohio territory '' would also be worth half a point . 
  i 'd probably still give it 1/2 a point though, 
  yeah , i was getting confused as to why they 'd have an issue with a cop being fun, 
  depends on your form of diplomacy . 
  the ~ ~ ten ~ ~ eleven commandments :, 
  thou shalt have no other gods before me . 
  thou shalt not make idols . 
  thou shalt not take the name of the lord thy god in vain . 
  remember the sabbath day , to keep it holy . 
  honor thy father and thy mother . 
  thou shalt not murder . 
  thou shalt not commit adultery . 
  thou shalt not steal . 
  thou shalt not bear false witness against your neighbor . 
  thou shalt not covet . 
  thou shalt not be a cunt wrinkle, 
  she was just bring food in for the birds !, 
  skinny also has a promotion on at the moment where you get an extra gb free per month for the first three months , although i 'm not sure whether that 's with just a sim or when you buy one of their phones . 
  i 'd suggest imposing a no-fly zone over their property and economic sanctions , with the threat of tactical strikes against their key infrastructure ( namely driveway and fridge ) unless they agree to your demands . 
  his actor died , they could n't really keep him on the show after that,
