  i need to wait until specifics anyway . 
  i work weekends , so i need to know when , where etc. 
  and figure out a way to get there . 
  hah , i know . 
  i 've got a couple of workmates who are redditors , i 'll talk to them . 
  nah , i 'm gon na try my best unless something legit comes up ( like being sick or whatever . ), 
  i know that feeling . 
  i always seem to be inviting people to things and never the other way round . 
  it 's not like there 's nothing happening either , the pics go up on facebook . 
  that sucks , sorry you 've gone through all of that . 
  for what it 's worth , in five or ten year 's time you 'll look back on high school and you 'll realise how the things that seem like big deals wo n't really matter in the scheme of things . 
  i went through my fair deal of shit during my high school days , and now having only been out of high school for two and a half years or so i can honestly say that none of it has made that much of an impact . 
  there 's one friend i had a falling out with because she admitted she had a thing for me but i did n't feel the same , and i 've been trying lately to try and fix that ( to not that much success , but eh ) but other than that , nothing which happened in high school has made a huge life changing impact on me . 
  that 's not trying to belittle you or anything , i was the same . 
  i asked a girl out i had a thing for , similar sort of thing to you - she said yes , but it fell through after about a week or so . 
  i was pretty bummed out at the time , but you get over it . 
  shit happens , it 's all part of life . 
  at the time though , it was this huge deal . 
  but hindsight is great , and if i look back on it now i see why it happened and it 's helped me to move on and try to be a better person for it . 
  as for the future , you 're reaching the end of high school now , so obviously it 's pretty fucking daunting . 
  do n't feel like you need to do anything ( do n't feel forced into doing engineering or whatever ) but do n't feel scared by it either . 
  if you 're freaking out still , take a gap year - work for the first bit then bugger off to europe for a couple months . 
  come back in a better headspace and then decide . 
  that said , do n't feel like you should have to give up on what you 've dreamed of . 
  if you want to be an engineer , go and do fucking engineering . 
  it 's a lot of work , but i have mates who do it and love it . 
  hell , even if you go to uni and you 're not that keen on engineering , you might find something else you love . 
  i 've got just as many mates who took engineering first year and have now switched entirely . 
  point of the rambling is that yeah , shit will happen at high school and it 'll feel crap . 
  but do n't let it get you down , do whatever the fuck you want to and if anyone says otherwise tell 'em to get fucked . 
  ^ ^ * unless ^ ^ what ^ ^ you ^ ^ want ^ ^ to ^ ^ do ^ ^ is ^ ^ illegal . 
  but nah , all seriousness , this 'll pass . 
  everyone feels like shit at some point , but what makes a person is how they deal with it . 
  and do n't feel like a dick for saying anything either , god knows it 's much easier when you talk to someone about it . 
  on which note , you could always drop in and see your school 's guidance councillor . 
  they 've got confidentiality agreements , so you do n't need to worry about word getting back to your mum or whatever , and they 'll be able to help you with the fears and daydreams you mentioned . 
  got any other pics of it ? 
  i 'd love to put it in the sidebar ( if you 're okay with that of course ) but with this one i 'd be cutting parts of the image to get the right aspect ratio, 
  sweet as , i 'll update it when i 'm on my pc . 
  has it got a name ? 
  i 've put him up as laser kiwi terrorising auckland , that all good ? 
  could be all fancy like and add in medium details or whatever too i suppose, 
  anyone know what the song they 're using for the clips from the special on that is ? 
  i once found 3 $ 10 notes in separate instances in three different towns within about a week of each other . 
  never found any other money before or since though, 
  so you 'd rather every political title calls john key a fucker ? 
  oi , rule 3, 
  edit : should 've posted it on the other one but fuck it, 
  that 's what the rule is already - it 's not ` title must be exactly what the submission 's title is ' , it 's no editorialised titles , as in no titles where you 're throwing your opinion in . 
  oi , do n't be a dick, 
  ` course the were n't called winter shorts , they were called half-legs . 
  not to be confused with * american * half-legs , which those yanks flew over by the truckload to beat the japanese with . 
  i never was quite sure why the japanese hated them so , or how the yanks got their trucks to fly , but i 'll be damned if we did n't chase them all across the south pacific , half-legs in hand . 
  and by jove did they work . 
  never could catch them , since their planes ran on oil . 
  not the * american * oil of course , which we called yankee water ... 
  looks like the res expand image button has disappeared , but do n't see any issues other than that . 
  i 'm not a fan of warhammer so not too keen on the skin , but that 's just a personal thing and i 'm happy to wait until the generic tw one comes at some point, 
  you have been banned from / r/newzealand . 
   rifleman was now infantry . 
  * new zealand has researched replaceable parts *, 
  calling it now - national 's drumming up the left 's calls for a solution to the housing crisis so they can come out and announce a big fund for it in the budget on thursday, 
  what exactly makes you think that does n't work ? 
  it 's worked before , it 'll work again . 
  it also stimulates the economy by injecting money into the construction sector , and means that those in need of housing are n't spending as much on it and so can afford to spend more on other aspects , putting even more money into the economy . 
   it was n't freezing and did n't piss down when i was outside . 
  hah , / u/appexxd _ was here this morning whinging about the cold . 
  my tuesday was decent enough , finally starting to get my shit together and have finally built up enough courage to talk to the girl in politics , so let 's see how that goes, 
  matching beer to suit your beige brigade outfit when going to the cricket ? 
  we could never afford the amount of trading cards needed when i was a kid , so i ended up designing my own . 
  got most of the year group in on it and we 'd built our whole entire thing that nobody knew the rules for by the end of year 3, 
  i went to the doctor yesterday , turns out everything i 've got is due to stress . 
  not that i feel stressed , but i suppose trying to relax a bit is a good idea, 
  hopefully , she seems nice enough, 
  the way it started off with you talking about how he was only doing certain moves i was expecting that he was missing fingers or something, 
  it can be a question , the question is just implied - he 's asking for elaboration on the post, 
  the above post is n't the ama post itself , but rather a pre-ama post where you 're able to ask questions if you ca n't make it . 
  we did this because the ama is going to be at 6pm new zealand time , which is around midnight in america and early morning in europe . 
  so if you 'd like to ask a question but ca n't make it to the actual ama , feel free to post it in there and we 'll ask it for you so you can check back in the morning . 
  we 'll update the above post when the ama actually starts if you 're wanting to check it out , so that it 's nice and easy if you 're new to / r/newzealand . 
  hope to see you there !, 
  removed , rule 6, 
  have you got some proof you can provide to the mods that you work there ? 
  hey guys , welcome ( back ) to / r/newzealand !, 
  real glad you could make it , hopefully we 'll have a bunch of questions for you !, 
  to start things off , we 've recently had eruptions at both ends of the huge chain of volcanoes north of nz , what are the chances we 'll get more eruptions ( and maybe a new island ) in that area in the future ? 
  is it a case of volcanic activity moving further north like with hawaii , or is it still a big thing across the whole chain ? 
  reminder : geonet volcanologists ama is live now until ~ 8pm , be sure to [ head on over ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/4ky607/ama_with_geonetgns_science_volcanologists_68_pm/ ) and make them feel welcome with your questions !, 
  i was meaning the one on raoul island back in 2006 , figured it still counts as recent geologically speaking, 
  is ruapehu more at risk of lahars than other volcanoes in nz ? 
  seems like the big news with lahars is always from ruapehu, 
  wow , that seems like an unusually high level of activity - what 's happening below the ground that means monowai is erupting every few weeks while other volcanoes have decades ( or even longer ) between eruptions ? 
  though i 'm not a volcanologist , i 'd say a better question is which is more likely , given there 's something like 50 volcanoes in the city, 
  so i came across [ this pretty cool map of the auckland volcanic field ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/aucklandmaphochstetter1859.jpg ) the other day , and it got me wondering why auckland has developed so many small volcanoes instead of one or two large ones . 
  what caused auckland to develop like this compared to most other volcanoes , and is such a formation a common occurrence elsewhere ? 
  depends on the size of the eruption of course - you 'd get a bit more than wet if it was as big as the [ oruanui eruption ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oruanui_eruption ), 
  i 'd have thought in that case there 'd be a desire to get some instrumentation down around monowai then . 
  is it just a case of a lack of funding , or is there more at play as to why there 's not much around it ? 
   but how good is your understanding of literature as a whole ? 
  depends on whether the book i read was about literature as a whole,
