  oh nah , i agree with easter - i was meaning more christmas and anzac day , i think it 's important to have some dedicated days off regardless, 
  needs to be 300x200 to work properly, 
  done, 
  the court cases are as much a part of the sport as the sailing itself , it seems, 
  in new zealand they 're far more associated with maori , which tends to piss off the white supremacists . 
  psa : this is n't a goddamn editorialised title . 
  stop reporting it, 
  [ apparently i 'm now an editorialised title , too . 
  did n't they announce it a while back ? 
  removed , rule 5 . 
  you 're not going to get anywhere near enough bandwidth on a mobile plan without spending hundreds of dollars , so i 'm not sure uploading to the cloud is going to be an option unfortunately . 
  logan 's idea is probably the best option , especially since you 're not going to get that many files onto one sd card . 
  i prefer to use legit means if it 's possible . 
  just checked , can confirm all four seasons are on there . 
  gon na start watching s4 tonight, 
  yeah i do n't remember that, 
  loving the recursive canton, 
  but then it remains in the queue , does n't it ? 
  are there any kids in the team that are n't yours , or have you got enough that they have their own team ? 
  i dunno , i tend to play it like britain did . 
  send your navy everywhere to wipe the floor with people , then send in troops once you 've got a landing and go fight a land war to conquer the interior . 
  much less risky than a normandy , and the navy has a greater force projection ability so on the whole you need a smaller armed forces to maintain a presence worldwide . 
  did you get a group shot again ? 
  would be cool to compare numbers from last time, 
  shit , now i feel bad . 
  next time , promise, 
  i miss sir ed :(, 
  oh cool , you staying down here over easter ? 
   fuck in creepo . 
  i believe that 's what he 's wanting, 
  there were real names used in the screenshots too , so it 's breaking rule 2, 
  pretty sure it 's beached as though, 
  maybe because it 's a normal time to wake up ? 
  she would if she could , or she 'd just have the reporter sent to the gulag, 
  just keep in mind to take your valuables with you / do n't leave them in plain sight , campervans in tramp carparks can be a target for burglaries - though it does n't happen often , it does happen and it 's better to be safe than sorry, 
  i 've got / r/nzcss , and we talk about / r/nz in there all the time , especially when people suggest new stuff for the css and we have to figure out how the hell to make it work, 
  it 's his dead rooster, 
   you bitches ca n't come . 
  aww come on , i was n't invited to either . 
  this sucks . 
  reminds me that we still need to sort out night mode, 
  i always just assumed it was / r/chch, 
  we generally let people in if they ask, 
  yeah , once we ported the css over we closed it down so that we can bugfix when need be without having to pay permanent attention to it when we do n't need to, 
  or we could change the number . 
  we should choose a random number that does n't have any connotations , like 51 . 
  / r/area51 should be fine , right ? 
   mods will have them by now no doubt - they should just post them to clear everything up . 
  we would , but given there 's personal information on them doing so would be breaking both subreddit and sitewide rules , so we 'd rather not in order to maintain the privacy of users involved . 
  note that this is n't my personal opinion on the matter , just the position we need to take given we 're on reddit, 
  are you saying that all mods not part of the group are cool , or are you just apologising to the mods which are n't part of the group that are cool ? 
  the css one, 
  i 'm mainly paranoid about having the admins on our back for sharing personal information more than anything, 
  absolutely , as long as no personal information is showing then i 'm not going to remove the images . 
  which part am i lying about , exactly ? 
  as long as it 's within this thread ( so that / r/nz is n't cluttered up with posts about this ) i wo n't have any issue with that . 
  ca n't speak for the other mods , but you wo n't have any issues with me . 
  eh , people thought smoking cigarettes was fine back in the day , and now we know about a whole host of health issues associated with it . 
  not saying either way with marijuana , but it could easily be that more issues with it emerge once further studies are done on it . 
  because having multiple names for a road would make it confusing as fuck ? 
  nah , i think officially indian reservations are at least partially separate nations . 
  have n't looked into the laws around it personally so i 'm not 100 % sure , but yeah, 
  no , but if someone comes up to you asking for directions to duo mei lu , or you 're going to something there , how likely are you going to know what to say as opposed to if they said `` dominion road '', 
  congrats on the house !, 
  we 've already had vince martin , do n't want to be accused of being a shill, 
  finally , a uni controversy that 's not canterbury !, 
  though i suppose that means i 'm slowly moving up the ranks . 
  i 'm coming for you / u/automoderator, 
  chur - i just hope it dies down . 
  i 'm sick of getting conspiracy theory pms, 
  i 've moved up two places by doing jack shit . 
  three of the people above me are either inactive or robots . 
  [ all without a vote cast in my name ... ] ( https://45.media.tumblr.com/ba84768fccd43c3b1bad4978060e0e71/tumblr_nd2bqaanzb1qz6e3to1_500.gif ), 
  which is weird , i would 've thought you 'd move up onto the main thing now that we 've gone down one, 
  like you can talk, 
  multiple accounts , some that are still active but most of which are deleted . 
  you said the sun will still come up tomorrow , he was trash talking the sun . 
  do you think i 'm a hypocrite ? 
  well , you should . 
  i would n't disagree with you . 
  goddammit , another subreddit i 'm not invited to . 
  reddit 's looking more and more like real life every day :(, 
  i 'm betting on balllchynz, 
  if you do , he 'll come back as / u/iamcoder84 and everyone will be confused as fuck, 
  chur bro , i knew 404 had good taste, 
  guys , i know it 's been an interesting day to say the least , but if we could at least agree to keep the civility that the daily is known for intact that 'd be awesome . 
  i 'd hate for the awesome community that we have in here to get ruined by it all , personal opinions on everything notwithstanding . 
  the op says ` be nice ' , and if we can all agree to at least that that would be awesome , cheers, 
  depends on whether you can get night mode working, 
   obvious collusion about making the people in the group mods of / r/newzealand, 
  just to clarify this , as far as i know only balchy and dr were part of this from the mod team , the rest of us were in the dark until we started getting messages about it, 
  nothing much on your end maybe , i 've been busy adding no politics mode and fixing stuff and whatnot . 
  about to add a bunch of fancy new flairs too for upcoming special shit that we ca n't announce yet, 
  oh god , do n't need to tell me twice . 
  half the time people get shitty because my humour does n't carry across . 
  one time / u/zero1s thought i was pissed off that he had n't watched the music videos i suggested and was firing back when i explained it was a joke, 
  jesus , calm down . 
  no-one 's going to gain anything from heated discussions, 
  you 've been going on about the same shit all day , i 'm not quite sure what you 're wanting to achieve . 
  okay , this puts the disconnect back in place firmly,
