  in all seriousness , it depends on where you are and how strong the aurora is . 
  normally this far away from the pole you 'd only see a glow in the sky , which comes out like that in long exposures . 
  closer to the pole you can get stuff like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erjxm670csu ) , which is real time footage of the aurora and pretty much what it would look like if you were that close . 
  there 's also a story of a solar storm so powerful during the 1800 's that the aurora could be seen in the caribbean , and telegraph operators were able to talk for hours without having their batteries connected because of the electrical charge from the storm, 
  yeah , i know . 
  i used it mainly to illustrate how what can be seen with the naked eye can change based on how powerful the storm is, 
  6th on the first lap of diagon twist , then got shoved into the teleports repeatedly and ended up 44th on the second lap . 
  oh please , do n't you know any car chase crash is * always * the police 's fault ? 
  oh , so * that 's * why people laugh when they go to te puke ? 
   here on sweddit , you 'll have a hard time finding people who do n't like the pirate bay and it 's founders , though , there are a few of us here . 
  in real life , you 'll find that it 's pretty much 50/50 . 
  sounds a lot like the political views of / r/newzealand - if you took the views there as indicative of the country we 'd have the largest ` minor ' party as the majority government , where in reality they get about 10-15 % of the vote, 
  i 'm not going to complain , we 're finally at the top of the list and do n't get confused with new caledonia, 
  that 's the only stuff i can actually use - for some reason i have an allergic reaction when i use most of the other stuff and end up with bumps all over wherever i apply it . 
  from franz , i 'd say head up to nelson , spend a day or two up in golden bay . 
  not sure what sort of things you 're into , but the drive up to the base of farewell spit is pretty cool , and you can get a nature tour out onto it if you want , or you can do some kayaking around abel tasman national park . 
  i 'm sure there 's more fast-paced stuff too if you 're more interested in that , but i 'd say kayaking is a pretty good way to see the park . 
  what 's the car situation ? 
  if you 've got a rental , you could potentially consider instead dropping it off at auckland instead of chch ( if they allow that , you 'd need to check ) and spending a couple weeks up in the north . 
  ideally i 'd suggest going straight from nelson over to the ferry in picton ( since it 's [ just around the corner ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/qenfd ) ) , but from the sound of it you 're spending a bit more time in chch for the next couple weeks . 
  but yeah , if you 're able to spend a couple weeks up in the north , i 'd say take the ferry to wellington and spend a couple days there before heading north . 
  sh1 to taupo is probably your best bet , it 'd take you through the central plateau ( home to mt doom from lord of the rings ) and a bunch of other scenic locations . 
  from there you 'd head up to rotorua for touristy geothermal and cultural attractions , and up into the bay of plenty after that . 
  all in all , if you 're taking your time and enjoying the sights that should take you a week . 
  you could do a day tour out to white island ( an active volcano off the coast of whakatane ) or go to te puke if you want to stand inside a giant kiwifruit and see how they 're all processed . 
  then there 's the coromandel and auckland further up , which would be good for another three-four days . 
  you could keep heading north if you want and go through northland , which includes 90 mile beach , a bunch of huge trees , the bay of islands and a fair chunk of nz history ( including one of the main locations where the treaty of waitangi was signed , and our first capital ) , but you 'll just have to turn around and come back anyway . 
  if you 're able to drop the car off and fly out of auckland then you can end it here , otherwise you 'd drive back down to wellington and through to chch . 
  i put together a [ google maps ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/3jdqj ) of the route up from wellington to give you some idea of what i 'm on about , and i tried to do one showing alternate routes back down if you wanted a change of scenery but google maps is being difficult . 
  hope this helps !, 
  disclaimer : i have n't been to the coromandel or further north in nz than auckland , so i ca n't personally vouch for them . 
  but i 've heard they 're cool . 
  edit : changed route on google maps to include hobbiton ( matamata ) and paeroa , two things you might as well check out if you 're in the area . 
  no worries , glad i could be of use !, 
  instead of flying to wellington , what about going on the coastal pacific and ferry as a foot passenger ? 
  from the look of it , it 'd cost around $ 120 per person ( for the basic fare , but that 's all you 'd really need if your travel date was set ) , so it 's about the same as flying ( maybe a tad more expensive depending on what deal you get ) , but you 're on a train right up the kaikoura coast and then sailing through the marlborough sounds , which is well worth the extra money if you can spare it . 
  also , while you 're in wellington you should check out the weta cave , it 's essentially a weta workshops visitor centre but they offer [ tours through the local film workshops too ] ( http://wetaworkshop.com/visit-us/workshop-tours/tour/self-drive-tour ) which you may be interested in . 
  i take this shit seriously, 
  christchurch and wellington airports are both pretty cool ( i used to live up on the hill across lyall bay from the airport ( just as an aside , if you want a place to go have breakfast in wellington the surf club at lyall bay has a pretty decent place there ) as a kid and would sit at the window all day watching the planes ) , but at the end of the day you 're still sitting on a plane for the better part of an hour when there 's an awesome train and ferry trip that 's actually interesting . 
  although , the travel there would be a day instead of a couple hours , but still worth it imo . 
  glad to hear it !, 
  while you 're in the area around miramar , there 's a great cafe around the far side when you drive around the tip of it through the old shelly bay naval base . 
  there 's also [ a memorial park ] ( http://masseyregionalpark.org.nz/visit.htm ) to a former pm , which has great views and some old gun batteries built in the war to protect wellington harbour, 
  the benefits of being driven around the country as a kid, 
  just another thing ( sorry , at this rate you 're going to run out of time with all the stuff i 'm suggesting ) but if you have n't you should stop and have a walk around arrowtown on your way to wanaka . 
  then if you 're going over crown range ( one of the two ways to get from queenstown to wanaka ) you get great views back over the valley , and can stop at the [ cardrona hotel ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/04/b6/e2/8c/cardrona-hotel.jpg ) for a bite to eat or something . 
  if you 're taking the long way around and going via cromwell , there 's also the [ highlands motorsport park ] ( http://www.highlands.co.nz/ ) , with a bunch of track racing and gokart stuff as well as a car museum . 
  it 's worth mentioning , but it 's pretty expensive , so you 'd probably be better to just go over crown range, 
  hah , i used to go there every summer for a holiday , i love it down there . 
  feel free to shoot me a pm if you need a hand figuring out what to do or say whatever , i 'll help as best i can !, 
  yeah , it 's just that all your colonies are better at it than you, 
  submitted [ 12 hours before ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wallpapers/comments/2s4wvm/a_back_to_the_future_wallpaper/ ) you posted, 
  only a matter of time ... the website going down is part of tradition, 
  first time i wo n't be waiting on results today , feels weird . 
  iran 's one of the places i really want to travel to . 
  every story i 've heard from people that go there talks about how friendly everyone is and how beautiful the country is . 
  it 's a shame it 's got the rep of the geopolitical boogeyman that it has, 
  you could just set it to 2.0 and then not update it anymore . 
  if people want to play an older version of the game they should n't expect it to keep being updated, 
  it means they got at least 50 credits ( a normal paper is worth 4 ) at the top grade possible in their second year of ncea, 
  nice one !, 
  what subjects did you take ? 
  are you sure you want to know ? 
  are you * really * sure ? 
  check your privilege shitlord , it 's * enlightened trans-dragonkin * to you, 
  edit : whoops , forgot the no politics thing . 
   so what is gon na motivate you now ? 
  could potentially be that , since uni would involve more self-driven stuff and choices that they 'd be more interested and involved in what they 're doing , and more motivated as a result ? 
  okay , well , [ do n't say i did n't warn you ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=otherkin ), 
  as a straight white cis guy i 'm sure i 'd probably attain shitlord status, 
  it 's year 12 , and i 'm pretty sure 1st form is year 7 , which would make it 6th form . 
  so yeah , they passed 6th form cert with the top mark possible, 
  there 's a kebab place in the food court at westfield 's , but they 're a bit hit and miss with their quality . 
  by which i mean , i enjoy them but sometimes they do n't agree with me and i ( and my workmates ) regret my decision for the rest of the day, 
  i was about to say this is really going to screw people 's timelines up, 
  and how ` bout those all blacks !, 
  damn , you got me by 10 points, 
  it really depends on what sort of things you 'd want to do , and how long you 'd want to spend in each location . 
  i 've put together a sort of catch-all south island route [ here ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/jqjt4 ) , but that 's open to changes obviously depending on what else you 'd want to do . 
  ( note : that route 's actually in reverse order , i was n't sure which way to go first but i think west coast would be better . ), 
  picton - abel tasman , spend a day or two around there . 
  you could do some kayaking around abel tasman np , go up to farewell spit or nelson or whatever . 
  then you 'd go down and spend a night in punakaiki . 
  if you can , try to organise heading out to the blowholes to coincide with high tide , since that 's when the blowholes are actually living up to their name . 
  otherwise it 's just the rocks which you 're looking at . 
  head down to the west coast , fill up in greymouth or something because of what / u/borninthecccp pointed out about fuel prices in the glaciers , then stay a night in one of the townships . 
  franz is probably the more touristy of the two , but either way there 's still at least some reasonably priced accommodation there . 
  i went down a couple years ago and just stayed in one of the cabins at a camp site , was cheap and perfectly fine , albeit without some of the fanciness of the hotels . 
  if you 're planning to drive up to the glaciers , check the road conditions first - iirc one of them has the road washed out , and the other one has retreated to a point that you ca n't access it by foot anymore . 
  keep heading south , and either spend a day or two in wanaka or head straight through to queenstown . 
  spend a bit of time here , do all the standard bungy jumping , jetboating , gondola type stuff . 
  be sure to check out arrowtown too , and go on one of those lord of the rings tours if you want to see a bit of the back country without messing up your car . 
  now , if you 're heading up to milford sound there are a couple things you can do . 
  either book one of the real journeys tours from queenstown and have them do it for you , or stay a night in te anau and drive yourself up . 
  this way , you can stop if you want along the way , and you beat all the tour busses there so it 's quieter and you do n't have to compete with hordes of tourists for photo ops on the boats . 
  from here though , there are a couple options , probably depending on how much time you 've got left . 
  on the main map , i 've just put down heading back though the middle of the island and tekapo through to christchurch . 
  but , if you have more time you could take [ this route ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/c7yvx ) instead , which takes you down through southland and the catlins , stopping off in dunedin and oamaru . 
  you could either head up the waitaki valley and up the center again or just head up sh1 to chch . 
  but either way you end up there , last part would be to head up sh1 back to picton .
