  it 's different enough from babylon 's colour scheme , as per [ this guide ] ( http://civcolors.imgur.com ), 
  nah , there 's only about two mods total that have animated leader screens . 
  we 're able to get them looking much better if we stick to 2d leaders, 
  yeah , it does, 
  not really - it requires hill tiles and ca n't be built next to an existing one , so you 'd be able to only get half that right off the bat , if you settled right . 
  plus the more you build , the higher the upkeep of the units would be , so if you have too many you 'd cripple your economy, 
  nah , this is separate . 
  but i think the celtic mod has been released already, 
  nah , that map is a true start location map . 
  so edinburgh is going to be in the right place , but after that it 's just going off a list of names . 
  so i could found a city in germany and it would just take the next name on the list . 
  glasgow is only in the highlands because that 's where i founded the second city and glasgow is second on the list . 
  in most cases you 're playing on a random map , so real location is n't as much of an issue, 
  yeah , i think so . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how the lua works , but i 'm pretty sure it 'd be either the turn before the unit is generated or the turn it is, 
  i live in nz , polls closed when i woke up . 
  i 'll be here for the night shift, 
  yes and yes , along with having to be built on hills, 
  when you compare them side by side it 's not too bad, 
  nah , since they 're not built in the city, 
  [ there is one ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=87133569 ), 
  no , sorry - it requires bnw, 
  this makes me sad :(, 
  we did n't want to call him robert the bruce , because then you 'd have `` robert the bruce the great '' or whatever with social policies . 
  i originally had `` robert bruce '' but the others decided it sounded too much like a surname and so we made it `` robert i bruce '', 
  nah , it only fires if you 're not already at war, 
  if it 's working properly , exactly, 
  mine is national panic day . 
  that 's just the confidence boost i needed . 
  thanks . 
  i thought the fortified bonus was 25 % first turn and then 50 % thereafter ? 
  we 've got a greek split planned , breaking up the hoplite to sparta , companion cavalry and alex to macedon and the ua to athens . 
  we 're also probably going to throw thrace or syracuse in there , just because, 
  jfd 's planning a china split , although i ca n't quite remember which dynasties exactly he 's going with, 
  yay , we got a mention !, 
  try having a look at [ jfd 's civilizations ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?p=11807087#post11807087 ) - he 's got two soviet unions and about three other russias on top of that, 
  i was aiming for this weekend , but i 've got a fair bit of work for uni to get done this week , so it may end up being next weekend, 
  beaut of a day down here in chch , pretty sure it 's even broken 14 degrees !, 
  i 'm trying to think of any possible way that image could be relevant , and i 've got nothing, 
  poor northern ireland :(, 
  what has happened to our glorious god-king ? 
  i wonder if it is illegal though , given the servers are in america ( i believe ) and it 's an american website ? 
  phew , i thought claims about your immunity to physical injury were wrong for a second there, 
  illegal content is illegal, 
  should probably sticky a link to it ? 
  4.9 % and a lawsuit . 
  [ image backup ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9wqdiya.jpg ) if / u / - chocko - edits his post to save himself, 
  whoops , meant to respond to this ages ago , sorry . 
  it 's the large europe map in gedemon 's [ ynaemp ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=397387 ), 
  she was drunk at the start , getting excited at party games, 
  i suppose you 'd need to have some alcohol to put up with the conservative party party, 
  should i dial 111 now ? 
  yeah , i 'm having to refresh it quite a bit, 
  i 'd laugh so hard if the greens ran away with it . 
  media would be in disbelief, 
  thank you , paddy , for that insightful analysis of a floor . 
  i 'm gon na need a fairly strong drink after tonight, 
  has the aspect ratio of the tv3 live stream switched for anyone else ? 
  okay , paul henry 's starting to get on my nerves now, 
  nah , it fixed itself after about 10 refreshes, 
  he 's much more restrained than i would be, 
  i * really * do n't understand new zealanders sometimes . 
  should start a new show - paul and mike 's national circlejerk, 
  i believe tv3 forgot the word ` cult ' with talking about john key 's personality . 
  as soon as jk retires national will lose, 
  just remember , nixon won the election after watergate ... hopefully the shit hits the fan sometime in the next term, 
  nobody cares about your blood feud with hone, 
  fuck this , i 'm calling it a night . 
  * hello darkness my old friend *, 
  just let it sink in that the government has access to every single thing you 've ever done that has had some involvement with technology , and has the ability to release it at their whim, 
  better than the 48 % our one got, 
  imagine if warhammer was just a codename , and it was actually something nobody expected , like viking : total war or something . 
  warhammer could be a reference to mj\u00f6lnir . 
  according to the political compass they 're actually [ further right than the conservatives ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/images/nz2014.png ) , and only just more moderate than the ukip, 
  my take on it ( with absolutely no experience beyond being interested and a first year pol-sci student ) is that it 's the same sort of thing which won abbot the election in aussie . 
  labour was in disarray - in the last term , how many leadership challenges were there ? 
  * which david is in charge ? 
  shearer ? 
  parker ? 
  grant `` david '' robinson ? 
  talk of leadership challenges and potential coups from within destablise labour as a potential government , even moreso than the national attack campaign against the left bloc . 
  as well as the claimed instability from a greens / labour / nzf / im coalition , the parties themselves are unstable . 
  i think a new leader 's a good idea , but they need someone good in the role who has the loyalty of the party . 
  get someone in the job , have them whip it into shape and present labour as a united force going into 2017 . 
  need to get good pr too , make sure not to provide the media with any soundbites which they can keep bringing up ( a la `` sorry for being a man '' ), 
  where is vargas ? 
  i usually see the name in every thread, 
  meanwhile ... he 's creating an example of a proposed idea while you mock him for putting effort in . 
  when dirty politics came out , i remember thinking `` holy crap , they 're actually going after national on this '' and being surprised that they were following it up . 
  very much so, 
  i 've got two essays to write by friday and my head hurts too much to do the reading for it, 
  rain woke me up at 3am and again half an hour ago, 
  hacker status confirmed . 
  i knew it, 
  oh crap , where 's the tree down ? 
  and is it blocking the road ? 
  sweet , thanks for the heads up, 
  highly unlikely , but if that did happen ( or if the majority went to the left bloc ) it would be very satisfying to see the smug grin wiped off the face of national, 
  * ca n't get enough , ca n't get enough , no !, 
  appoint mike hosking as chair of the inquiry,
