  actually help code some of the stuff or just do bugfixing / whatever ? 
  otago peninsula apparently, 
  shit , i just use the text window on the css page ... 
   the top 6 civs are all modded into the game , and the top 4 are all tpang 's work . 
  first of all , they 're far from ` all tpang 's work ' - each one has a team of several people behind it , and by saying they 're tpangolin 's work discredits all their hard work and effort , most of which normally even surpasses his . 
  secondly , in defence of the only one of mine to make the top 6 , the buccaneers were literally an april fools day civ . 
  they were n't supposed to be balanced - hell , they were n't supposed to even be a proper civ . 
  but for some reason they 've become mc 's most popular one . 
  so yeah . 
  if you 'll notice the rest of mc 's civs that were included are mingled in the middle or already gone , so i think we 're not quite as unbalanced as you think, 
   f4 .5 lens, 
  i 'd say this is your problem - you should try using a faster lens . 
  i use a 1.8 for all my shots , and it 's absolutely insane - can get a ton of stars on even a three second exposure . 
  back during ww2 the united nations was the name they used for the allied forces, 
  the best liars make you think they 're rubbish at it, 
  ramping up antarctic operations ? 
  it does n't stop remindme from working , it just stops it from posting . 
  i dunno , the country as a whole is showing a lot more cracks than it was this time last week . 
  scotland 's talking about independence again , northern ireland is thoroughly pissed off - hell , there 's even a massive disconnect becoming more apparent between london and the rest of england, 
  does that mean it combines with basic maps to make huge amounts of salt ? 
  spent most of last night being sick , finally managed to get a couple hours but sure as hell feel like rubbish . 
  today 's gon na be fun . 
  oh shit , it 's tonight is n't it . 
  yeah , probably gon na have to pass this time too . 
  will have to catch up with you and / u/onewhitelight at uni sometime, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  do you have a psd you 'd be willing to share ? 
  i make maps for civ 5 mods and would love to see how you 've done some of these things . 
  if not , could you at least tell me how you did the country outlines and the lines in the water ? 
  standard saturday night in lincoln then ? 
  germany * and * the turks . 
  thankfully austria and hungary have left, 
  i can see venice trying it on , did n't they go and throw a referendum for the hell of it a couple years ago ? 
  they built a wall around moscow and made the muscovites pay for it, 
  you should go , fill in for me . 
  i 'm stuck in bed, 
  i 've got a really religious aunt , who 's not the best with technology . 
  she came down to stay with us one time and i was introducing her to spotify - the first song she asked for and the only one she listened to was take me to church , because she ` was happy that religious songs are popular again ' or something . 
  he does n't know , once he starts walking away he never stops, 
  i did n't have the heart to break it to her, 
  shot is probably more interchangeable with chur than yeah bol is , surely ? 
  it 's been there for years , pretty sure you used to have to drive through the lion enclosure to get to the car park, 
  how were the meetups last night ? 
  oh fuck , gutted i missed it . 
  one of the nasa guys came into work last month with stickers and all that , it 's so cool having them out here, 
  there might be a couple around mclean 's island , and i 've seen people riding up around the summit road tracks a couple times, 
  needs more back alley deals in exotic countries, 
   saturdays, 
  you must be really hungover if you still think it 's saturday, 
  i love 3 , but the campaign lacks a bit of replayability with so many being similar ( get through cave system without detection , survive x minutes etc ) . 
  love it to pieces though, 
  i dunno , i 've just been up there sometimes and seen people out on dirt bikes . 
  not even sure what tracks they actually are, 
  though if they 're kicking out people who are n't drinking for being too drunk then there 's something up anyway, 
  it 's funny , that 's the exact same opinion i 've had of the flags with the black background . 
  they all feel fascist . 
  this one is great , and it 's the first one that does n't feel like it was for an alt . 
  universe where the buf won, 
  would that make prince philip king of wales ? 
  surely it 'd be better than the complete lack of representation they have now ? 
  close enough , both are entirely incomprehensible to most english speakers, 
   oh , you must be really knowledgeable about life skills etc in that case , are n't you ? 
  that 's why i 'm more interested in older men, 
  awesome , cheers . 
  what did you use for the ocean on the older ones though , since the new one has a slightly different style ? 
  i feel like that 'd make it too messy , the flags are nice and clean and get the point across just as well . 
  if you 're talking about a hypothetical secession and cascadia gaining independence , then the existing state and provincial boundaries are by far the most likely . 
  it 's much easier to break of provinces wholesale than it is to take bits from a bunch more, 
  imagine if rowan became a host and the first car he did a feature on was [ this one ] ( http://static.gulfnews.com/polopoly_fs/1.1578608!/image/1999272677.jpg_gen/derivatives/box_620347/1999272677.jpg ), 
  i should probably at some point as well, 
  i wish i could redo things from about 15, 
  i 've just started watching psych again , forgot how fantastic it is . 
  do n't know if i 'd call it well written in the house of cards sense , but damn it 's a good show, 
  is that good ? 
  i meant to watch it but forgot about it when it was on, 
  i wonder how he copes re . 
  ramadan ? 
  i 'd have thought someone like him would be on a fairly tight dietary regime , and fasting in the middle of the sports season would have fairly big repercussions performance-wise i would assume, 
  yeah , that sounds right . 
  though i 'd love to be able to get rid of some of those cringe-worthy ` what the fuck were you thinking ' moments and change some stuff . 
  same here . 
  not that i 'd punch 16 year old you in the face , ~ ~ well , maybe , ~ ~ but my whole ` god is stupid and people who believe in him are stupid ' phase . 
  and then there were all the miscommunications that got * way * out of hand ... 
  yeah , intro lecture to pols105 is pretty important , sets things up for the whole semester . 
  and gives you hints for extra credit questions ( or at least did during my year ), 
  that might have sorted out some issues . 
  oh nah that would n't be an issue . 
  i mean , my comment was ` do n't you fucking dare bunk it , ' not ` you 'll never pass if you miss it . ', 
  though he would be jumping in at the deep end , since prof. tan moves fairly fast, 
  i do n't really have an issue with them changing up four , i have an issue with what they 've replaced it with . 
  we do n't need more fucking bullshit reality shows , we actually need decent telly . 
  get some kiwi dramas going - hell , even a local cop show . 
  they always seem to do well and somehow never go out of fashion, 
  rip, 
   i 'm not fulfilling my persuasiveness role as a lawyer am i now, 
  let 's just say you should probably look at law roles outside a courthouse, 
  oh well yeah , i know that - just figured that if he 's got games or training or whatever then not having eaten for ten hours beforehand would cause some issues, 
  says the person who did n't come to the last one ? 
  i do n't think that 's how breakups work ... 
  that offer of catching up at uni sometime still stands btw,
