  but it could be worth looking into potentially, 
  so i 'm graduating this year , which means i 'm now frantically trying to figure out what to do next year , which is bloody terrifying, 
  that would imply i knew what industry i wanted to work in, 
  ba with a double major in politics and history, 
  yeah , honours is one of the options i 'm looking at, 
  hah - picked it because i was interested in it , not because it offered the best employment opportunities . 
  not gon na put myself through something i hate just for the prospect of making a bit extra, 
  what we do in the shadows and hunt for the wilderpeople for sure . 
  life is beautiful and grave of the fireflies if you want amazing movies that you 'll never want to see again, 
  i 'd rather work at maccas, 
  thankfully i 'm not the one at lincoln, 
  i literally had that a couple hours ago . 
  just looking at starting out at dressing proper now , went into a store and asked for some advice and the guy is like ` mate everything here is fashion ', 
  removed , misleading title so technically rule 6, 
  decided i need a slightly better wardrobe today , so went into hallensteins ( first mistake ) to see what sort of things they had . 
  asked one of the staff for some advice , which word for word consisted of `` everything here is fashion mate . '', 
  so yeah , that was helpful . 
  managed to get roped into a 7:30 start at work today to move furniture , this ought to be fun, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  i finally decided to wash my car after like 6 months on monday . 
  come tuesday it 's coated in pollen and dust from construction sites . 
  why do i even bother, 
  removed , rule 8, 
  the link is n't related to new zealand specifically , if you want to talk about it you can create a self post, 
  removed , rule 8, 
  are those mirrors which you can see through one way but not the other called windows or mirrors ? 
  i actually got to tour the lindbergh clipper ( i think ) about a month ago , which is the panam 747 that nasa bought and converted into their sofia telescope . 
  upstairs is still pretty much unchanged except for the nasa insignia on the seats , which is awesome, 
  something seems to be weird with subreddits that use the rotating headers - noticed it first on / r/newzealand and then on / r/askscience , and it only started post update . 
  checked on edge without res and the issue was n't happening , so it might be an res thing but i 'm still not 100 % sure . 
  basically the header images move right up past the top of the screen and just leave a black space, 
  not sure if it 's related , but i also noticed that the user bar ( the bit that has your username and karma and all that in the top right ) is also shifted up a fair bit on / r/tifu , to a point where it too is off the top of the screen . 
  figured that it might be a similar issue causing that given how the rotating header thing is implemented, 
  kongo is pretty fucking cool though , i 'm so happy they 've finally made it in to a civ game in an official sense . 
  still , who did you have in mind for east africa ? 
  japan , presumably, 
  i thought we took it over during ww1 ? 
  fuckers ca n't even keep a colony half way around the world while fighting a two front war at home !, 
  amateurs ... 
  they dumped some gravel down as a quick fix , the actual repair smoothed it out a fair bit more . 
  source : live in chch , earthquakes can go get fucked, 
  i mean , technically there were like over 10,000 . 
  there were a bunch that were over magnitude 6 too , but the february one was the most damaging . 
  [ this website ] ( http://quake.crowe.co.nz/ ) has charts with all of the earthquakes and their sizes on it, 
  both of you quit the insults , shut the hell up , and get over yourselves . 
  realistically , there 's no way we 're at that point yet . 
  driverless vehicles still have a lot of issues to work out , and are yet to enter mass production . 
  even when they do , it 'd take a couple decades at the least before they 're widespread in nz , and we still lack policies to make such a policy actually feasible . 
  fact of the matter , regardless of how optimistic you are about self-driving vehicles , being able to drive is still a skill that we 'll need for a long while yet . 
  on some things i 'd agree with you here , but i think driving is something which could easily be incorporated into the school curriculum . 
  it 's one of the few things i like about the american education system, 
  [ citation required ], 
  close to being more than just a concept , sure . 
  but realistically , they 're still a long way off entering mass production and being able to replace most of the fleet on our roads ( which is normally upgraded only when the fleet everywhere else is first , and we get their leftovers ) . 
  because america is obviously the be-all and end-all for what counts as what types of clothes, 
  removed , rule 5 . 
  main post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/516n79/immigrants_needed_due_to_nzers_work_ethic_drug/ ), 
  not bad , but i 'd hardly call it r&b / soul / funk, 
  better than having everything labelled as ` indie rock ' imo, 
  dude , have some fucking respect, 
  i dunno , and i get how you feel . 
  the guitar and up-tempo thing makes me think of mainly just a generic indie rock / pop sort of thing with a bit of funk / soul influence , but it 's definitely hard to categorise stuff today, 
  yeah , we verified it, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  what , a source that we verified it ? 
  i went green and everything , all for nothing ... 
  you have been banned from / r/newzealand, 
  hell , i 'm barely three years out of high school and could probably count on one hand the number of people i keep in contact with every now and then . 
  only person i regularly keep in contact with from high school ( other than the one on reddit that has since left / r/nz ) is a girl who works with me , and she 's now leaving that job for a fancy internship too . 
  god i 'm so alone :(, 
  shit , i had one job, 
   everyone is going to ask ` how are you ' when they meet you but they 're just being polite so please do n't hold up the coles check-out girl with your life story . 
  this is also pretty much always shortened to ` owzigoin ' too, 
  since everyone else answered your first one , i 'll tackle the second . 
  i 've loved u2 for ages , but have only recently started looking at some of their other stuff . 
  came across [ this remix of * a sort of homecoming * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzyc8mtlliw ) the other day , and absolutely love it . 
  it 's one of those songs that are fantastic for when you 're out driving , especially just after sunset when there 's still a big glow in the sky . 
  second one is from a south african band called desmond and the tutus ( only reason i checked them out at first was their name tbh , but so glad i did ) and is called [ lazy bones ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgmholl6dys ) - if you 're not a fan of the genre it 'd sound like a generic indie rock song with the jangly guitars and upbeat tempo , but it 's pretty damn cool . 
  also should check out some of their other stuff , they 've got a great discography . 
  ( by the way , / u/zeros1s you should check this one out too , their music video is great . 
  same goes for [ boogieman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5fs79dqyzm ) from them ) . 
  third is from a kiwi band , [ whatever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtqx7rwtr8a ) by the beths . 
  it might be stretching the definition of recently a bit , but i love their stuff so much i ca n't not include it . 
  it 's got a distinctly kiwi sound about it , but is still a great indie rock song instead of being the same old . 
  the rest of their stuff is worth checking out too, 
  ca n't do saturday , might be able to do friday, 
  that * was * the plan , but apparently there 's a ` family night ' at dad 's work i 'm being dragged to on that night, 
  removed , rule 12, 
  from what i hear from the couriers coming into work , a lot of them are still like that . 
  courierpost definitely has contractors instead of an actual fleet , and it seems to be a fairly cutthroat industry in terms of routes and all that, 
  i 've got a manual , it 's so much more fun than an auto . 
  it makes me sound like a yobbo , but i love just taking it up the summit road and going for a drive if it 's nice out, 
  have it somewhere this side of hagley park and i might consider it , would give me an excuse to bugger off early from the work thing, 
  chur for the heads up , though should probably remove the number plate as reddit has rules around personal info being posted, 
  removed , rule 5 . 
  i think we scared them off , they do n't come round these parts much anymore, 
  i tend to get that a lot with libertarians , it 's the same with gary johnson . 
  some of their stuff i 'm like ` yeah , why is n't everyone saying this ' and then some of it it 's like ` what the hell are these people thinking . ', 
  if you hover over the word ` militaristic ' in the city state 's panel , it 'll say something like `` this city state will gift you comanche riders once you 've researched military science '' or whatever - each militaristic city state will gift the uu of a civ not in the game to its allies at some point, 
  nah , not that unfortunately .
