  it 's shaking back and forth , like those '' ________ intensifies '' gifs, 
  used to work for saudi arabia or bin laden ? 
  should 've been a blank video since diameter 's down, 
  yep , sounds about right . 
  do you lot get the whole ` people wearing pyjamas to the dairy ' sort of thing too , and the utes all over the show ? 
  they know no national boundaries, 
  we do n't know why , which is the point i made in my post . 
  it could very well be discrimination , but it could just as easily be any number of other factors - choices made by the employees , educational or socio-economic differences , even a lack of willingness to go for the jobs because of a belief they wo n't get them , or a mix of different ones . 
  simply hiring people just because they 're a minority or female does n't solve the underlying issues , and until we know what those issues are it 'll still persist, 
  still working on it , promise ... 
  nah come on , it 's clearly time for a nz based diameter, 
  was down for me too . 
  biscotti and i were off wiping the floor with the yanks on centra, 
  civfanatics has much more coverage of the older games ( still has active discussion for civs 2 and 3 ) and the nature of the forum means that it 's easier to follow a topic for weeks , whereas / r/civ discussions typically last a day or so . 
  it also has a lot more involvement with modding , and a lot of the modders have active project threads where you can discuss ongoing work and in some cases get input into the designs . 
  things moved quicker than expected , we were anticipating going down later this week then were informed this morning it would be happening today . 
  we tried as best we could , posted on facebook , twitter , here and made an announcement on our front page , but obviously there would n't have been enough time for everyone to see it . 
  hopefully everything goes as planned and we 'll be up again before too long, 
  yeah , we were n't told either . 
  we only found out through a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy, 
  but i frequent both here and cfc , and i know the merits and detriments of both systems, 
  why have you gone with that version of sparta :(, 
  no , i spent the last 24 frantically whipping up a version from the upcoming greek pack because tpangolin said that he 'd use it in the new br , then after i 've finished it and sent everything off he turns around and uses a completely different one instead, 
  mine is n't out yet , it was made quickly for this . 
  it 's part of a greek pack coming later this year, 
  yeah , that 's the one . 
  we inherited it from project civ and it 's finally nearing completion, 
  definitely , you 'll know as soon as i do, 
  politics of the flag referendum aside , given the state of most of the suggestions i 'm kind of despairing about the vote, 
  it 's got all the art that 's needed for the battle royale , but not much beyond that, 
  as another aspect to this , if geographic proximity to the theatre had no impact on deployment , did experience with the terrain ? 
  like , would draftees from new mexico be more likely to be deployed in north africa because of experience with deserts ? 
  edit : reworded for clarity, 
  mine is ` get your damn hands off my wifi ', 
  also as a guy , i 'll take what i can get, 
  then why not 63 civs ? 
  bonus spot to kilwa :d, 
  have you considered giving all the island civs early embarkation , instead of just the poly ones ? 
  i 'd say it 's the mod , official napoleon has a * ui * instead of europe-conquering super-lancers, 
  it 's an aboriginal australia civ, 
  what mods do you want ? 
  i have about 200 so i might be able to help, 
  i thought that was player 64 ? 
  the churchills . 
  screwing over new zealanders since 1915, 
  then it gets too much warmth and becomes venus 2.0, 
  and the time before that too , i remember the same conversation about it being the top comment last time last time, 
  can you explain why & sometimes turns into & amp and does n't become an infinite loop from the & not displaying properly ? 
  yeah , but if the bug is there then why does n't the & in & amp ; then become another & amp ; and so on ? 
  new zealand here , you can take our winter if you want . 
  -20 is n't fun, 
  because that 's absolutely how international affairs work . 
  [ guide to maori pronunciation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qczoc8y5x5s ) - it 's pretty similar to a fair few other non-english languages , i know japanese is the same pronunciation at least . 
  you act as though winston is n't immortal . 
  he 's still going to be there in 50 year 's time as kingmaker, 
  to be fair , the world ca n't really handle myanmar , but i think that 's more to do with the politics behind it than the name itself . 
  did n't ceylon become sri lanka upon independence too ? 
  * well , ah , look , at the end of the day , we could stand here and debate the finer details of whether or not they may or may not have broken some aspects of their agreement , but the fact of the matter is that on the whole ordinary kiwis are largely unaffected by this and have nothing to worry about . 
  we 're still fairly optimistic about our arrangement with serco , and the last thing we 'd want to do is get in the way . 
  not that we 're ruling anything out yet , of course . 
  now , about that flag . 
  [ where the streets have no name ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fsrpeut2dg ) by u2 - joshua tree is the best version of it since it 's got the longer intro , unless you 're counting live versions , in which case some of them absolutely hit the song for six, 
  serial downvoter never left . 
  i find it kind of funny , personally, 
  although that said , from my experience with nz music month music is incredibly polarising , and people are n't afraid to downvote stuff they do n't like, 
  i prefer [ the roots ' cover ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0mbpjykd98 ) of it , which was essentially a mashup with one of their songs, 
  all depends on housing too - if the prices start to stagnate or collapse then it 's potentially game over, 
  hey , come on now . 
  you ca n't just go around shooting black people , you need to be reprimanded for that . 
  take a couple weeks off , full pay of course, 
  as long as we 're still ahead of stuff , i 'm happy, 
  i 'm pretty sure them looking hilarious was the whole reason we get them to do it in the first place, 
  nah , it 's not your fault . 
  as far as i know , the official name according to the country itself is myanmar ( or the republic of the union of myanmar , ) but many countries including the united states refer to it as burma because of the controversy surrounding the name myanmar ( for an explanation on the controversy see / u/redmeanstga 's excellent post on it below ), 
  word of advice , if you do come here do n't ask / r/newzealand for advice . 
  we 'll tell you to watch our for moa and convert your dollars into cheese at the airport, 
  shit , manu bennett does a mean haka . 
  for some reason they 're always the ones who face down the haka the best . 
  i remember another time we were playing wales over there and the whole stadium was dead silent for the whole thing , and there was just an unnerving emptiness for the whole thing . 
  just as a bit of history behind it , the guy that wrote ka mate was one of the greatest maori rangitara ( chief ) during the colonisation period of nz history . 
  he became known as the napoleon of the south seas as a result of his conquests , in which he conquered much of the upper south island , employing the use of europeans to cover his approaches and laying siege to a fortified village just north of christchurch for three months . 
  during the nz wars he was able to play the brits and his opposing iwi ( tribes ) against each other , and traded with both to advance his own cause . 
  he also was able to maintain reasonably close ties with britain , which he used to arm the resistance against them through trade ( so britain was essentially arming and funding their enemy . ), 
  when the brits eventually found out , they captured and imprisoned te rauparaha . 
  despite his capture , he gave a message to order his iwi not to declare war on the brits and was still able to keep the peace between his tribe and the british . 
  during this imprisonment he wrote ka mate , which was celebrating his escape in a battle from death . 
  he also founded the oldest maori church in the country after he was released , which is kind of cool . 
  where i went to school down on the south coast of wellington , we had kapa haka class every friday . 
  we 'd learn ka mate , but also lots of different waiata ( maori songs ) and go on overnight marae trips every couple of years . 
  it can vary a bit from school to school too , my school was a real diverse one in a very left wing area with a large maori / pacific island population , so the fancy schools in rich predominantly white neighbourhoods normally have less maori in them , but on the whole it 's reasonably common . 
  but the big thing is beyond this , where maori is just used in the classroom - the teacher would say * e tu * ( stand up ) , * e noho * ( sit down ) , * tena kotou tamariki ma * ( good morning children , ) to which we 'd respond * tena koe mrs ____ * or whatever , and so on . 
  all our classroom names were maori names for native plants , our houses at school were maori colour names ( kakariki for green , whereo for red and so on ) and we 'd learn to count in maori alongside english ( tahi - rua - toru - wha etc. ), 
  maori words are also reasonably commonplace in nz english too , if something was good you say it was * ka pai , * if you 're greeting someone you say * kia ora , * and [ our mps threaten * utu * ] ( http://www.3news.co.nz/politics/aaron-gilmore-threatens-utu-on-enemies-2013051313 ) - revenge - in their speeches . 
  it 's just part of the culture . 
  getting back to the haka though , it depends on what haka it is . 
  i learned ka mate as part of kapa haka , but at high school the 1st-xv rugby team learned their own haka which was a school specific one . 
  many other groups have their own haka , but i do n't know enough about proper maori culture to answer it adequately ( i may have grown up learning parts of it , but i 'm still pakeha ), 
  politik for me , such a powerful and raw song, 
  i thought it 'd be cool if hell had a special discount code in one of their ads on there , but guess there was n't that much involvement in the decision from them, 
  it 's all starting to come together now ...
