  that 's just about enough out of you, 
  yeah , but it 's not `` make the prc collapse by 1991 instead of the ussr '' it 's * what if it did ? 
  * so we 're acting on the assumption that it 's already happened , and as such what are the ramifications of this ? 
  eh , casual sort of stuff can sometimes gain a bit of traction . 
  we 're working on rules against it now to try and provide grounds, 
  so you 'd happily let people say that gay people are perverted and unnatural , or that immigrants are destroying new zealand and need to fuck off home ? 
  i fully thought it was a kea and wondered why there was no orange , then i realised nowhere else has them and there are other alpine birds, 
  goodbye . 
  did the citizenship ceremony include a beer bong ? 
  nagasaki on the school trip to japan with a girl i liked at the time - we 'd taken the wrong streetcar to get to chinatown so got lost on those , then i 'm pretty sure we got lost in chinatown once we actually got there . 
  not that i really minded ... 
  do n't think so , we had the whole day and it just meant we got to see more of the city, 
  where 's that beach in # 14 where the trees are right up to it ? 
  removed under rule 5 , see the other comment for the link, 
  best thing that could happen to labour at this point , far enough out that it does n't look desperate and means labour does n't look as dated, 
  '' / r/newzealand : doing journalist 's jobs since ages ago '', 
  i feel like he 'd support it and then make a move after the election if labour lose - the last thing labour needs at this point is a leadership challenge, 
  no , people * are * saying that , and that 's what we 're talking about putting rules in place against . 
  we 're not wanting to ban differing opinions , just hateful ones, 
  so you 're saying the collapse of the prc would have absolutely no ramifications for anything ? 
  wonder if they 're not selling as well because of people boycotting or something, 
  yeah , but that 's not the point . 
  the question asks * what if * this happened , not * how could * this happen . 
  it 's literally rule 1 in the sidebar , we 're supposed to look at this question as `` okay so this has happened , what next '' instead of `` there 's no way this could have happened '', 
  actually have n't seen him round all that much lately . 
  still enjoying auckland / u/antisock ? 
  and you can get yourself a rock solid alibi !, 
  just went through and did the sort-of monthly addition of new music to my library . 
  30 songs from about as many artists today , ranging from irish-american jigs to six60 to communist surf rock, 
  langley calling ? 
  labour 's never going to get a majority ( mind you , maybe given bill 's election history ) - they 'll stand a chance at a plurality and govern alongside the greens though, 
  sounds like an old price ticket with the price having since gone up . 
  take it back to the store and point it out , assuming the manager 's not a dick they should definitely work something out for it, 
  damn guppy just did n't want to run any more by the end did he . 
  those were some massive sixes, 
  ca n't wait for the organisers to accidentally put them next to the polish society at orientation, 
  i figure there 's a difference between having propaganda for something like that and actually adhering to it . 
  mates of mine have a bunch of propaganda , including this awesome piece from the ussr , but they 're not out calling for the overthrow of the bourgeoisie, 
  you must have some damn tasty dust, 
   they like ` european culture ' , even though anthropologists are n't entirely convinced that such a thing exists ;, 
  wait what ? 
  i 'd have thought anything cultural from europe counts as european culture ? 
  i would say that any culture from within polynesia is part of polynesian culture , yes, 
  bans are definitely on the cards , depending on the severity . 
  currently most people posting hate speech are repeat offenders anyway , it 's very rarely a one-off occurrence . 
  like i said , it 's obviously a very grey area and one which we 'll have to decide on a case-by-case basis . 
  comments between aussies and kiwis have a very different connotation to ones made against other ethnic groups . 
  it 's also a decision that we would seldom make alone , and will usually be a joint call , for what that 's worth, 
  oh for sure , we 're not wanting to change this sub . 
  just provide grounds for removing the low level neo-nazi accounts and so on, 
  you 'd be surprised at the number of people who whinge about it if it 's not written in stone, 
  it 's a case by case basis - attacking cults is okay , but attacking someone because they 're scientologist is n't, 
  we wish we knew :(, 
  where are what ? 
  as long as you 're not a complete dick about it . 
  if they 've actually done research or are asking a specific question they deserve an answer imo , but if it 's just `` how do i move to nz '' then feel free to take the piss, 
  i feel like you could easily make it into a really nice place with a decent set of furniture and by tearing up half of that concrete on the outside, 
  no , provided it 's a legit study and not something like breitbart twisting statistics to fit a narrative . 
  the only other situation i can see it being removed is if the post overtly has hate speech in it but then throws in some statistics to try and get around the rule, 
  that 's the goal . 
  i mean , we 're all supporters of our own narrative , but we do n't let that drive our moderation, 
  shit i forgot to get tickets, 
  i feel like you 're missing out if you 're not being attacked by colour, 
  the boss is shouting drinks tonight , only think there 's like 15 of us going too . 
  more booze for us then !, 
  glad you like it !, 
  that assumes said person could change their views due to an internet argument , which often is n't likely, 
  of course , we were n't expecting everyone to be on board . 
  but we needed an explicit rules to deal with the new accounts that were spamming stormfront levels of racist comments , with no ` normal ' comments, 
  yeah , we 've been trying to stop it from becoming a big issue , and complaints are why we 've brought the rule in . 
  we hope it wo n't have much impact on the normal running of the sub, 
  to be fair , it says * european * secession movements . 
  kurdistan 's not really european but turkey is counted sometimes so i dunno . 
  we also have mmp here in new zealand , albeit in a slightly different format . 
  since we 're so small we have no federalisation , and we got rid of our upper house in the 50 's . 
  mmp was only adopted in 1996 , but it 's seen a dramatic increase in the number of parties in parliament . 
  while i love it as a political system , there are still a few issues with it :, 
  `` microparties '' - in order to game the division between list and electorate seats , we 've seen the development of microparties which receive close to 0 % of the vote , but win an electorate seat due to deals with a major party . 
  most obvious of these is in epsom , a right-wing electorate where the act party ( who received fewer votes than the aotearoa legalise cannabis party in 2014 ) wins the electorate seat due to a deal with national ( the main centre-right party ) . 
  while national could easily win the seat should they choose to , they instead make a deal with act so that act wins the seat and is essentially an extra national seat . 
  this has the effect of making the national seats x % + 1 instead of x % as it should be . 
  5 % threshold . 
  in the 2014 election , the conservative party ( a right-wing socially conservative party , further right than national ) received 95,598 votes , making them the fifth largest party with 3.97 % of the vote . 
  yet because they did n't win an electorate and were under the 5 % threshold required to enter parliament , they received no seats at all - despite gaining over twice the votes of the maori party , act , and united future combined , all of whom gained seats . 
  ideally the threshold would be lower in order to foster greater representation . 
  coattails mps - the opposite of the above is when a party receives less than 5 % , but gains at least one electorate seat . 
  this allows them to bring extra mps into parliament in accordance with their party vote % . 
  in 2014 , despite gaining just 1.3 % of the vote , the maori party could bring an extra mp in due to winning the waiariki maori electorate . 
  ideally were the threshold lowered this would n't be an issue , but at the moment it gives greater importance to certain electorates ( alongside microparties ), 
  most of the other issues i have with nz 's political system are n't related to mmp directly so i have n't bothered to talk about them , but i could mention them too if you wanted, 
  i can fully see him with a tommy gun in the passenger seat, 
  it 's run by the former editor of the herald and the former news boss of tv3 iirc from back when they were both good , so hopefully it should raise the bar a fair bit, 
  we try to deal with them before they become too obvious, 
   e : the mods seem to be fine with us calling all australians racist . 
  just to go on this point as well , the relationship kiwis have with aussies is very different to one we have with any other group , so obviously things are going to be treated differently there . 
  obviously if someone is talking overt hate speech etc against australians in a serious manner we 'd look at that , but for the most part stuff against aussies is fairly tongue-in-cheek, 
  pretty much what / u/naly _ d said , there 's been articles with them talking about it for a while now . 
  wish i had ties to it, 
  yeah , i figured i 'd give op the benefit of the doubt by saying kurdistan is a turkish separatist movement ( which it only just counts as ) and that turkey is part of europe ( which it only just counts as ) but it does seem kind of weird . 
  shane jones is the only real possibility imo,
