  it 's okay to feel like shit about it , when grandma died i tried not to show any emotion or anything , which is tough for a nine year old . 
  took until the end of the private ceremony for me to just break down , but i definitely felt better after that . 
  you 're allowed to grieve , like what prince harry said bottling it up does nothing but harm you more . 
  take support from your family around you , they 'll support you just as much as you 're supporting them . 
  and remember we 're all here for you if you need someone to talk / vent / cry to, 
  said in reply to another post it 's akl, 
  it 's easier when you 're 9 because the support is pretty much just a big hug and an ice cream . 
  lots of u2 's songs have multiple interpretations , especially the religious ones imo . 
  i 'm agnostic atheist too , so did n't pick up on the religious connotations in lots of their stuff until i actually dug deeper . 
  stuff like i still have n't found what i 'm looking for and breathe have big religious meanings , but you can interpret them without any religion whatsoever . 
  in a little while has like three or four meanings , same with moment of surrender . 
  i actually miss jumper cables . 
  found that way funnier than the undertaker for some reason, 
  jorge garcia ( also from lost ) does n't come in until a couple seasons later iirc, 
  just as a heads up to whoever did [ this report ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dfnfsa9.png ) , unfortunately we ca n't control the laws of physics or bend time, 
  same country that sent the disease to us in the first place ... 
  i did n't think it was rushed , moe was tossing up what to do the whole episode which set the scene for the ending . 
  maybe it would have been better if margie did n't completely forgive him for everything , but i enjoyed it, 
  yeah , but i like that it had the different premise of being all that money for just a wager this time, 
  i end up in this vicious cycle where i try to find new stuff because i 'm tired of what i 've got in my library , then i do n't like my library because all the stuff i like is diluted , so i have to find more new stuff and so on, 
  yeah we could probably just skip to those four , i do n't even recognise any of the others, 
  that was n't his point at all , he 's saying it 's understandable our accent is close to australia 's because they evolved closely , unlike south africa 's, 
  1984 is n't it ? 
  how can it if he 's not reading the comments ? 
  when you say non-verbal , do you mean sign language or something else ? 
  holy shit, 
  i love that bridge , last time i drove over it it was pissing down and we could barely see out the front window through all the rain . 
  good times, 
  59 or the 64 aero for me , i think . 
  love them old cars, 
  yeah i never know whether people will take it well if you try to correct them or not , so i tend not to unless they actually ask, 
  banks peninsula is pretty barren , but it 's all volcanic so i 'd imagine the soil is good . 
  the roads are mostly unpaved except for the sh to akaroa , but there 's definitely a fair bit of farming there . 
  some guy has single handedly rebuilt native forest out there too ( hinewai reserve ) so that could be something you use some of your land for as well, 
  it 's a great song , the version on pop is just rubbish . 
  [ bono 's version with jools holland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gidopzzjlxo ) is one of my favourites , hands down, 
  because if he did that then he 'd never be imprisoned in the speedforce in the first place , so he ca n't get free to go and kill her , so she would n't be dead and could go and create the bazooka anyway, 
  i think it could work , have that chanting go in the interlude and then have the guitar come in . 
  still would have rathered streets open the concert though, 
  i know they are n't ever gon na play it live , but i reckon an acoustic version of acrobat would be amazing . 
  finish the main set with exit darkening the tone and then mothers of the disappeared in that dark space , with el pueblo vencera closing it out tempe style to keep the tempo up . 
  fade out to black etc , with that desperation of the shit stuff in the world . 
  then , when coming back for the encore , have the edge playing acoustic upbeat to a similar beat as the drum , kind of like in the chorus of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faxjzkxqc8y ) version . 
  just have it as bono and the edge with this raw emotion from exit coming back , until the solo ( after * what are we gon na do when it 's all been said * etc ) - have the guitar for a bit on its own , then in one of the bits where it 's going up the notes you slowly bring in adam and larry for a full band climax . 
  ideally it 'd go between exit and motd , it plays really well off the energy of exit and then motd at the end after the raw emotion of acrobat . 
  maybe lead into love rescue me , i think you need a slow song after acrobat for sure . 
  that would have been great, 
  yeah , that 's the one i linked . 
  i 'm not too keen on that segue to be honest , zoo station does n't seem like the right fit after such a passionate acoustic song like that . 
  maybe even the wanderer ? 
  i think the black stands out too much against the pale colours of the rest of the flag , personally, 
  i 'd love to see acrobat played to open the encore ( assuming they 're playing jt in order and it ca n't be slotted between exit and motd . 
  copying my post from the other thread :, 
   i know they are n't ever gon na play it live , but i reckon an acoustic version of acrobat would be amazing . 
  finish the main set with exit darkening the tone and then mothers of the disappeared in that dark space , with el pueblo vencera closing it out tempe style to keep the tempo up . 
  fade out to black etc , with that desperation of the shit stuff in the world . 
  then , when coming back for the encore , have the edge playing acoustic upbeat to a similar beat as the drum , kind of like in the chorus of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faxjzkxqc8y ) version . 
  just have it as bono and the edge with this raw emotion from exit coming back , until the solo ( after * what are we gon na do when it 's all been said * etc ) - have the guitar for a bit on its own , then in one of the bits where it 's going up the notes you slowly bring in adam and larry for a full band climax . 
   ideally it 'd go between exit and motd , it plays really well off the energy of exit and then motd at the end after the raw emotion of acrobat . 
  maybe lead into love rescue me , i think you need a slow song after acrobat for sure . 
  bad , tuf , walk on etc would all be great too . 
  hoping for some stuff from r&h as well , maybe love rescue me / hawkmoon 269 / heartland , and i 'd die if they played hallelujah here she comes, 
  so convenient that the murder just happened to be right underneath it too, 
  i live in my country 's second biggest city and it would n't even get into the top 50 in america, 
  i love how edge 's biggest change is the lack of a hat, 
  why not just print everyone ? 
  tripp , ward , hope, 
  oh right , i thought you were meaning being printed in general, 
  plus i want backstab-but-the-right-way ward back, 
  to be fair , half the time the [ armenian kingdoms ] ( https://i.imgur.com/p25strw.png ) were no relation to the current country of armenia either, 
  turks only came to the balkans with the ottoman empire though , did n't they ? 
  i really wish they 'd not gone down the batshit crazy route just yet with ophelia . 
  having to deal with all these new emotions , and wanting to help yet constantly being shut down because people do n't trust her , despite doing the right thing . 
  have that for an episode and focus on the lmd army / the russian , or trying to rescue mack . 
  ultraviolet was played ? 
  oh sweet , must have missed that bit, 
  that 's why we made it !, 
  how do you find the a5000 to use ? 
  i 'm looking at getting a new mirrorless and need opinions, 
  i think the line at the end about how people rarely change was supposed to be more self-reflective than it appeared at first, 
  as someone on the left in nz , i fucking hope so, 
  mods are still the only people who can do text flairs, 
  getting the same issue in firefox 53.02, 
   ( i 've made a new account because my main one identifies me too easily ), 
  hah , my one 's literally just my name, 
  any repercussions ? 
  that was my first thought too , originally i thought it was the girl who was killed in that case , but they 'd have revealed that this episode if it were imo, 
  people can see it , some just turn it off in the same way some turn css off, 
  sicily also made a guest appearance amongst all the present and former countries , just outside the picture to the left, 
  i 'm a poor student , nyt has a student price so i 've subscribed to them but washington post does n't have anything ( unless you 're in the states ) so as much as i want to , i have n't been able to subscribe, 
  i feel like they 'd get a lot more credibility if they had a name that was n't tarred with the clickbait brush , though i suppose their brand recognition would be more important, 
  shit , really ? 
  i only found ones that were like $ 10 a week . 
  got a link ? 
  yeah , i 'm international - they have it free for us students , but nothing for students outside of the states, 
  can we have another spot for framework / shield grant ward , and another one for hive grant ward ? 
  i 'm kind of upset we did n't have him , hope , and tripp printed, 
  i did n't realise i was highly allergic to shrimp until the third time i ate it , if that helps, 
  could always be something normal that was prepared poorly ? 
  i was fully about to reply with lyrics , then i finished reading your post and saw i was beaten to it,
