  i can see it might be like that for the functional reason that the header bar needs to be very long to cater for all screen widths , but if that is why then i still think it should be possible to extend the in-focus part of the image across a further distance . 
  at least 1000px instead of the ~ 600 it is currently i would think . 
  ideally around 1600 as that is a pretty common screen resolution width . 
  unless the blur is purely stylistic ? 
  in which case we are going to have a major disagreement about aesthetics haha :p, 
  the blur is stylistic , yeah . 
  having it as mostly a blur with a sharp image on one side means we can keep it looking crisp and easy to read while still sticking with the theme and having a bit of an image on there . 
  if we had an image across the whole thing it makes it way more difficult to read , as well as making it clumsier and meaning that it looks completely different on smaller screens . 
  i almost thought it was going to be a joke subreddit and was actually just photos of forests, 
  socialised medicine may be closer to pharmac , which is another crown entity which heavily subsidises medication so that everyone can afford it . 
  it 's something like $ 5 for 90 pills in some cases with pharmac, 
  do n't , it 's literally a cross between / r/trees and / r/gonewild, 
  you would n't happen to have a version of [ this one ] ( http://ekanttakephotos.com/?attachment_id=94 ) or another one which has a similar sort of sky in it that i 'd be able to try and use for one of the banners , would you ? 
  nah , does n't need to be of queenstown , just that sort of late sunset sky that has the orange glow fading to black, 
  from what i 've heard , only 30 % of the population there are casual racists . 
  the rest are full time . 
  was first year of high school for me , but yeah . 
  almost definitely . 
  looks like them , and the motion he described of rising , then floating down and drifting in the same direction ( most likely wind direction ) is pretty much exactly what a sky lantern would do, 
  it 's good to see them setting such ambitious targets and being so optimistic, 
  nah , cia do n't need papers to get in, 
  sounds like a good case for chinese investment then, 
  that add is n't saying vodafone has the biggest , just that you can rely on the biggest . 
  nice of them to advertise for ~ ~ telecom ~ ~ spark, 
  i was talking about sumner , which is n't really a city , but yeah . 
  i doubt the whole of christchurch would be underwater, 
  i 'm the opposite - just over 15 metres above sea level but about 50 km inland , hoping that 'll be far enough away not to be an issue, 
  i ca n't do anything , i just see the coat of arms and nothing else while on my ipad . 
  how do i get in ? 
  just be cautious of any spreedsheets floating around, 
  i was going to suggest testing whether you 'd be able to avoid a t. rex by not moving , like in jurassic park , but then i realised that might be a bit difficult . 
  so other than the existing top gear car myths and life pro tips , maybe a couple from indy 4 , mainly would you be able to use a tree to drive safely off a cliff ( the bit that happens right after the ants ) and is there any way a person could survive flying that far in a fridge ( could include the atomic bit if you want . ), 
  maybe they were just really annoyed ? 
  you just completed it , then ? 
  ^ ^ ^ socialism, 
  you must always blow on the pie . 
  safer communities together . 
  good morning , today is thursday the 9th of july . 
  on this day in 1900 australia was split into different colonies by queen victoria , in 1981 the game donkey kong is released , and in 1986 new zealand officially legalised homosexuality . 
  also today , in 1944 a finnish army defeated a soviet invasion force three times its size , putting an end to a soviet offensive . 
  today 's facts are brought to you by having to work a 14 hour day today, 
  i know i missed whinging wednesday but fuck it . 
  fucking management . 
  dad came back the other day after a month overseas . 
  the week he left i talked to my boss and asked for three tuesdays off - two because i had exams , and one because the rest of my family was away and i needed to pick up dad from the airport when he came back . 
  manager 's response was that work needs to come first , and my dad could take a taxi . 
  so the manager wanted me to be working at my non-essential two-hour shift while dad came back ( on his birthday , no less ) after a month away to an empty house with no way of actually getting inside , despite me giving him a month notice that i needed the time off . 
  i 'm still officially on a casual contract though , so i pretty much said that i was turning down the hours and would n't be coming in . 
  then , when i sort out hours and pick up some time tuesday morning instead , i find out he 's decided that he 's going to take the whole school holidays off , despite having just had five weeks holiday a couple months ago . 
  nah , he refused when i asked straight away . 
  my role is one where there 's no fixed time requirements , except for one part which can easily be covered by one person, 
  yeah , i realised this now, 
  that 's probably going to look shit at 20px , but i can give it a shot, 
  does he have a logo or should i use / u/dark _ souls ' one ? 
  in the latest installment of my amazing employment luck , was helping out at open day for uni yesterday , and ended up being stationed outside in a gazebo for 10 hours with no heating whatsoever while the temperature probably did n't get above 2 with wind chill . 
  five layers did nothing , it was bloody freezing . 
  to top it off the other two did n't show , so i was there on my own and could n't leave to get a hot chocolate or have a break inside for most of the afternoon . 
  are we designing him a logo now ? 
  oh nah , this was a different job - was just a one-off thing at uni instead of actually working at my proper job . 
  still , i 'm hoping i 'd get a better job if i signed up again next year . 
  spent five hours wednesday packing goodie bags ( and throwing my back out in the progress ) and then a couple hours today unpacking the leftover ones . 
  i think it could turn into a syria sort of deal . 
  three sides , all at war with each other . 
  jamal and abuddin , basaam ( and maybe the new heir ) as a standard rebel faction and ihab and the islamists as an isis faction, 
  i reckon black and white would look better , although i 'm not sure how it would be pulled off . 
  kids are wild animals , got it . 
  and then what happens when everyone torrents and the companies that make stuff go bust because of lack of income ? 
  not defending them or anything , just devil 's advocate, 
  reminds me of high school , where everything was racist . 
   * we went to an asian restaurant last night . 
   * that 's racist !, 
  so do i , i think the point they were making though is there 's the potential for them to be interpreted that way , if you were looking for something to be offended about . 
  if you go into it actively looking for sexism then you 're going to find it eventually, 
  two b + , an a - and an a. 
  reasonably pleased given some of my results , although one of the b + courses is n't a surprise at all given every single piece of work i submitted in it had the exact same mark , but yeah . 
  rules section is fine where it is , otherwise you need to scroll to submit and that 's annoying . 
  so maybe we just finish up this and night mode then get that shipped over , and look at different themes at a later point or something ? 
   can you screenshot me what it looks like for you ? 
  honestly , i 'm completely opposed to having plain image backgrounds . 
  i get where you 're coming from , but from a style perspective i think it 's a really bad move and will make the subreddit look worse overall , even if they are mamba level . 
  you look at any subreddit that does it , and they never look as good as ones that do something different . 
  what we 've got now is unique and still allows us to a bit of the photo there , and i really would n't want to change that to a plain photo, 
  good morning and welcome to saturday the 11th of july . 
  on this day in 1735 pluto moved inside neptune 's orbit for the last time before 1979 , making neptune the outermost major body in the solar system ( although pluto might not count since it 's only a dwarf planet , i dunno . ), 
  also today , america takes control of detroit from the british in 1796 , the vice president of the us duelled with the former treasury secretary in 1804 , a revolution successfully takes power in nicaragua in 1893 , and in 1960 the state of katanga declared independence from the democratic republic of the congo during the congo crisis . 
  wrong kana , dammit . 
  b + i think , do n't know what i got on the essay though . 
  you ? 
  yeah , must have nailed the essay since i 'm pretty sure i screwed up the exam, 
  or watch the almighty johnsons . 
  it 's a kiwi tv show that has a bit of interaction between norse and maori gods, 
  it was probably done with less of a budget than one episode of an american show , so they 've done a pretty decent job with what they had, 
  he might be comparing the cost in yuan to the cost in nzd , which would make it seem like that . 
  it 's like how if you forget the exchange rate an ice cream is 300x more expensive in japan because it 's 150 yen instead of 0.5 dollars , when in reality it 's only like 2x more expensive, 
  creative differences at this point , hopefully we 'll resolve them soon and finish it up but yeah, 
  hmm , none of them were working properly . 
  might try the ones you put up this morning , or go for something different entirely . 
  i 'll keep at it though , thanks for letting us use them, 
  that depends on how good my reply is to halcyon, 
  it could be anywhere from a couple days to a couple months .
