  it reminds me of the game of pool with lindsey graham on the daily show , which actually served to humanise him a bit, 
  turned 20 a couple months ago, 
  not really the right dimensions , but i could give it a shot, 
  tighter moderation , sure . 
  but the best way of doing that is by having clear cut rules and enforcing them , instead of arbitrarily removing / locking posts at the mods ' discretion, 
  honestly it sounds like the landlord is the one being the dick in this case, 
  it truly is the city of the future, 
  you had to go and mention out of control 's lack of votes , did n't you :( - they 're in second place for most votes , which it really does n't deserve, 
  canterbury ? 
  is n't there that new political party that 's said they 're eyeing up mt roskill as their first election ? 
  just tracked down the article , it 's the [ nz people 's party ] ( http://www.newshub.co.nz/politics/nzs-first-political-party-dedicated-to-immigrants-2016082919 ), 
  any chance you 'd be able to share some of the unreleased songs on the bonus cd ? 
  i was looking for them a while ago and could never track them down, 
  editorialised titles typically are n't factual though, 
  welcome to / r/newzealand , you must be new here . 
  in all seriousness , we tend to leave a post if we do n't get to it soon enough , such as in this case . 
  i 'm happy to be overruled though, 
  fair enough , let me know if you run into any road blocks and ca n't get a pc sorted or whatever . 
  process is pretty much still the same as it 's been for as long as i 've been doing it , though to be fair i do use itunes, 
  cheers - just had my last lecture as an undergrad , and i have to return next year since i signed up for an exec so it 's looking like honours next year and we 'll go from there . 
  yeah it could have , the first turn is turn 0 - he would have moved across the salt to the plains hill on turn 0 , then turn 1 moved to the desert hill where he is now, 
  you obviously have n't met balchy or seen his parenting methods, 
  do you want my pin number too ? 
  if someone can get me a decent pic i 'll totally put her up in the sidebar, 
  if you could update the sidebar pic to helen kelly or something while you 're at it that 'd be awesome, 
  also might pay to double check / r/nzcss is up to date with the verified account flairs and the spritesheet for normal flairs, 
  just had a look now , love the shorter flairs . 
  the highlighting on the sidebar seems to be conflicting with the existing highlighting though , i 've got the new boxes surrounded by the current grey . 
  as a liberal arts student , i 'm as annoyed by this post as you are . 
  please do n't lump us all in with them, 
  no , i 'm saying that posts like this are why people treat the cause like it 's a fucking joke . 
  nah , anthropology was kind of cool ( though it did have some bits like this , but the classmates made up for that ) - it 's probably more sociology or gender studies, 
  does n't that defeat the purpose of highlighting it though ? 
  actually , i have an idea . 
  if we get rid of the subheader formatting from them ( ie . 
  the two ## before the word ) in the sidebar then we do n't have that background , and the highlighting does n't have that issue . 
  can make them look more like standard buttons then, 
  as a heads up , threatening to doxx someone is a pretty big no here . 
  do it again and we 'll have to ban you, 
  have * you ? 
  eh , i 'm liking it . 
  something good might come out of it , and if not then it 's fun anyway, 
  still seeing the grey bars though instead of the highlighting , hmm . 
  wish we could figure out the issue with the headers on res too, 
  huh , something must have gone really wrong for you , because not even two weeks ago [ you were getting excellences in level 3 history ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/55h3xx/should_young_kiwis_just_get_trades_these_days/d8alibg?context=3 ) . 
  case in point exactly, 
  it 's for stuff like textbooks , a one off payment to get the stuff you need for the course, 
  bit of both , she stops in from time to time but is fairly busy since moving to welly, 
  you mentioned a couple times wanting to do some proper political satire type stuff , can we expect some of that from you in the future now ? 
  yeah , fun 's definitely the wrong word for the coast to coast, 
   lessens the perception of professionalism . 
  i would disagree , and say that it shows they 're not wanting to bite off more than they can chew and are making sure that they get ios right first before expanding . 
  hello games could have learnt a lot from that , and even firaxis / 2k are doing that with the new civ game . 
  hey , that 's my question :d this is what i actually meant to ask but i worded it wrong so it was too ambiguous , i 'm glad it got asked again properly, 
  shit , i always thought you were way older than me , turns out you were only a couple years ahead of me in school and in a similar part of town . 
  different schools though , it was a normal school day for me on the 22nd . 
  that 's pretty cool , good luck with your new business too !, 
  ~ ~ ( got any job openings ? 
  given your comment on space , how hyped are you about rocketlabs starting up ? 
  i can field this one . 
  basically , there were a few factors . 
  the biggest one is the location - while the 7.1 was right out on the canterbury plains about half way across the south island , the 6.3 was [ right next to town ] ( http://www.infohelp.co.nz/pix/lyttelton-gns-010311.jpg ) , and very close to banks peninsula ( the remnants of a couple big volcanoes . ), 
  the impact of this was not only that there was no warning and that the shaking was more intense , but because it was so close to the volcanic and hilly terrain of the peninsula that a lot of the shaking bounced back and hit the city again , giving a bit of a double whammy . 
  another key factor was the ground acceleration , which was the largest ever recorded in nz and up to four times greater than that in the t\u014dhoku earthquake ( side note : this is claimed by geonet , but wikipedia claims that the t\u014dhoku earthquake had a peak ground acceleration of 2.7 g as opposed to 2.2 g of the february quake ) [ this image ] ( http://www.gns.cri.nz/var/ezwebin_site/storage/images/media/images/billsmap/35074-1-eng-gb/billsmap.gif ) gives a fair indication of the ground acceleration , and as to why the damage was so much worse on the east side of town compared to further west ( though this was also due to the east being more marshland and unstable ground . ), 
  so while the 7.1 quake was larger , the acceleration was nowhere near as much as in february and as such the shaking was much more intense . 
  there are other aspects which contributed to it that include the geological makeup of chch city and the surrounding rock which you can go into [ here ] ( http://www.gns.cri.nz/home/news-and-events/media-releases/multiple-factors ) if you want a bit more reading since i ca n't really explain it any better , but as far as the human cost and the effects to that regard were worse , it 's largely got to do with the timing of the quake . 
  where the september earthquake occurred at 4am ( so everyone was at home for the most part ) , the february earthquake occurred at 12:51 pm , in the middle of the lunch hour . 
  my brother and i were at our schools , mum was at work and the cellphone networks were down , which caused panic . 
  the vast majority of deaths were due to the collapse of the ctv building , and had the earthquake occurred at night when the building was empty then the collapse would n't have resulted in 115 deaths . 
   also , why no gardens ? 
  highly illegal, 
  i 'm really not a fan of the electric co at all , so i 'm glad out of control is in the finals, 
  sweet as , best of luck !, 
  not quite papanui , i 'm a fair bit closer to the airport and uni, 
  * things were worse in 2008 !!!, 
  as well as that , i 'm almost certain i 'd never be able to push a straw through it like that without creating a bigger hole around it to the point it 's not water tight either, 
  did n't someone come and pick him up ? 
  i assumed he was taken out there by someone and then the capture bit was when he was found sneaking onto the ship, 
  each to their own - personally i think of driving on like a coastal highway in morocco or the uae or something at sunset, 
  have n't really got anything to say except thank you - baba yetu was great , but in my opinion this is a whole new ballpark and is just amazing , been listening to it on repeat all morning !, 
  ( also i hope you do n't mind , i used kia hora te marino as the maori peace theme in my polynesia split mod - can change it if you want though ), 
  rip social life, 
  i had the same issue today , except as pericles . 
  $ 130 for the deluxe edition ( but you get the first four dlc free ) or $ 100 for the base game itself, 
  it 'd probably need to be up petone way , or in the hutt valley . 
  i did a pretty shit street circuit design for wellington one time , but ca n't track it down for some reason . 
  iirc [ this ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/dir/-41.2866163,174.7780076/-41.2882471,174.778306/-41.2882131,174.7752495/-41.2863864,174.7762096/-41.2794883,174.7769901/-41.2801013,174.7784712/-41.2816775,174.7789003/-41.2866115,174.7780218/@-41.2843529,174.7767606,16z/data=!4m15!4m14!1m0!1m5!3m4!1m2!1d174.7764209!2d-41.287868!3s0x6d38afd6826d3aa9:0x5c1294809c76eb8c!1m0!1m0!1m0!1m0!1m0!1m0!3e2?hl=en ) was the rough route, 
  i swear to god , i leave them alone for two seconds to be ` responsible ' and not reddit while at work and they go and set the place on fire . 
   if ya want to be a mod you have to be able to take all kinda of bizarre harrassment from all directions and handle it maturely and discretely , not act like a diva . 
  am mod , can confirm . 
  you 've got to be able to handle a lot when shilling for every major political party at the same time, 
  from what i understand , dead rooster made a comment about the kid who kicked the goat and janraye took offence at it - he then changed her flair as often happens and things got out of control, 
  because nothing says `` i hated watching my mate get injured '' like wishing it on other people, 
  island plates , too . 
  gon na go for the island hopping achievement, 
  tongariro crossing ? 
  imagine if there 's like one on every leader or something, 
  and is n't pat for st. patrick ? 
  well did you expect it ? 
  because it 's the spanish inquisition of course , nobody expects that,
