  okay , that 's just about enough of you . 
  that 's not something exclusive to muslims though . 
  i 'm sure you could find a muslim doctor that would have helped you , just as much as you could have found a christian doctor who would n't have . 
  did a stuff editor just reveal himself ? 
  the dreary weather must remind him of the uk, 
  been a pretty good day so far . 
  got an a on the politics project worth a total 70 % , then just now released a mod for civ 5 i 've been working on for over four years . 
  combined , it 's a hell of a weight off my shoulders, 
  [ here you go ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=494241#greeceop ) , linked to cfc instead of steam since it looks fancier there, 
  wait , since when were we talking about malaysia ? 
  yeah , a bit . 
  though i think i 'm going to keep modding civ 5 as well, 
  check the link i posted on the other response , it 's got all my new civs on there . 
  i 've got a bunch of wonders too , and a new era , so there 's also [ my workshop page ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/pouakai/myworkshopfiles/ ) which might make things easier . 
  ( feel free to add me too if you want ), 
  i dunno , i 'd say america has a longer tradition of motor oil that it 's understandable theirs would taste better, 
  hi , someone that likes u2 here . 
  just turned 20 last month too, 
  is there a genre name for their sort of music ? 
  like that where the streets have no name / beautiful day sort of grand soaring song . 
  coldplay and all them do it too , or at least they did with viva la vida, 
  what did you have in mind ? 
  mods get it on their moderated subreddits anyway , so i do n't need to worry, 
  sounds like fun - i was going to catch up with a real good friend of mine that i have n't seen for ages yesterday , but then her boyfriend decided he was n't going to let her . 
  ew , text flairs, 
  at least with mt eden i would believe all of it , given what we 've been hearing out of there, 
  shit , $ 67 is * really * low . 
  is n't that illegal ? 
  yeah , could swap it out for sure . 
  hurry , boy , she 's waiting there for you ... 
  couple of the guys at work were trying to explain pokemon go to our manager yesterday , and why it meant we were going to have fewer sales per customer since people will be coming into the store to find the pokemon we have hiding in it . 
  the look on his face said it all, 
  i 've got no idea , i was 10, 
  i 'm at uni with an hour to kill if you wanted to catch up and grab a coffee or something, 
  checking with advisors and all that shit, 
  as long as you do n't get rid of 105 ... 
  404 pls, 
  still not good enough . 
  first you dodge the coffee offer , then you come and say you 're not doing 105 - i 'm disappointed i 'm you, 
  reply here for friday drunken shitposting, 
  so i got to tour sofia , that 747 which nasa converted into a big flying telescope , this afternoon . 
  that was kind of cool . 
  also found out i 'm able to graduate this year instead of next year , which was a surprise . 
  do n't forget to try and fix the top corner on the subreddit navigation panel, 
  the guy came into work after an hdmi cable and i gave him a decent discount . 
  nah , they were supposed to be offering tours all through their time here but had to cancel when the plane broke . 
  i think they 're trying to get as many people though now that it 's fixed before they leave next week, 
  we 're not shrinking the text , just the width . 
  changing `` unflaired post '' to `` unflaired '' and making them based on the `` travel advice '' width instead, 
  you could see the telescope bit , but i was more excited about being able to check out a 70 's era pan-am first class deck on the upstairs ( had n't been changed since they bought the plane , ) and the cockpit . 
  retail , just a tech store in the mall . 
  i 'm not even sales, 
  there ca n't be * that * many people getting tours of nasa planes for selling hdmi cables ... 
  maybe that 's why you 're so lonely ? 
  i think he was meaning nostalgia for the time period it 's set in, 
  we 'd need all of destiny church to declare themselves pope before we even stood a chance . 
  screw it , let 's work this out . 
  new zealand has a land area of ~ 268,021 km ^ 2 , compared to vatican city 's 0.44 km ^ 2, 
  vatican city has 2 popes currently , so they have 4.54 popes per square kilometre , or p/km ^ 2, 
  in order for new zealand to beat that , we need at least 4.55 p/km ^ 2 , so using the formula x =p / a ( where x is p/km ^ 2 , p is number of popes and a is area ) we can rearrange to get x * a = p. substituting in numbers , it becomes 4.55 * 268,021 = p , which we can then work out to be 1,219,495.55 . 
  according to the 2013 census , there are 491,421 catholics in new zealand ( the largest single religious denomination , though there are over three times as many people who were non-religious , ) as well as 459,771 anglicans , and 316,329 presbyterians . 
  in order to beat vatican city 's p/km ^ 2 score , we 'd need all of them to declare themselves pope , and somehow not launch a crusade in the process . 
  of course , the question now is whether we can afford to construct that many basilicas . 
  tl ; dr : it 's possible , but we 'd need to undo the reformation and tell henry viii to keep it in his pants . 
  7/8 books from book depository arrived yesterday . 
  i need a bigger bookshelf ( or some self control ... ), 
  yeah , iirc it was british and the rest was italian, 
  yeah , mum used to do that all the time . 
  problem is that most of my books are non-fiction or historical accounts instead of stories , so it 's a bit different from most of the ones on there . 
  plus i 'd need to have read them first, 
  hopefully . 
  my ideal scenario would be scotland becoming independent , n. ireland sorting out differences and joining ireland , then england realising its fucked up and asking to join the eu again - at which point scotland vetos out of spite, 
  why are you hoping for the far right to win in france ? 
  i remember mum and i walking right up to the airbridge with dad before he went off to the uk before 9/11 , now you ca n't even get in the same departure lounge, 
  jeez , china on that list is pretty much cheating . 
  there 's so many cities i 've never heard of from them that are massive, 
  two weeks time is term again, 
  got a bookstore voucher for my birthday , so went in to spend it today . 
  found a couple books that looked decent , went up and bought them , put my hands in my pockets as i was leaving and sure enough , the voucher was still there . 
  went back to ask if there was anything they could do and they 're like ` nah sorry , too bad . ', 
  so i had to find another book to get instead, 
  i think the guy had only just started , he was pretty nervous and had to go off and talk to his manager . 
  i 'd blame the manager more than i 'd blame him, 
  university bookshop , it 's as bad as steam for returns, 
  reminds me of taking sociology back in first year . 
  i started work on an essay at like 10am on the day it was due , just talked out of my arse rehashing stuff from earlier essays and managed to get an a + on it, 
  there was no-one on the road this morning when it 'd normally take about quarter of an hour to get out of the driveway , it 's insane . 
  there was one i absolutely loved on the origins of the syrian conflict a couple years ago , but it was like a 2012 / 2013 one so it 's gon na be hugely outdated now . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x123vmj_a-history-of-syria_shortfilms ) , it 's mostly historical so may be okay . 
  though there 's been accusations of bias so treat it with a grain of salt . 
  it 's on youtube too but has that horrible border thing, 
  i 'd bought the books and forgotten i had the voucher , had to use it on another book because they would n't let me use it on the ones i 'd just bought . 
  yeah , noticed you running around all over the show . 
  thought you were just avoiding me !, 
  girl at work was in tears because she got an a - and a b , and that her gpa slipped from like 7.3 to 7.18, 
  of course - she 's decided she 's going to go to all of her classes now though , instead of not going and getting a 's, 
  only time i 've gotten lower than a b was an anthropology course in first year where the lecturer spoke with a monotone and i did n't put any effort in at all, 
  yeah , that 's what i 'd assumed would 've been able to be done , but from the sound of it the manager did n't want anything to do with it . 
   i 'm not * that * petty :p, 
  sure , sure,
