  it 's the home turf of the tyrannosaurus . 
  but in water ? 
  i did n't think it went that bad , the conservative party one was pretty bad, 
  [ top one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5v9lxx/hey_geoff_simmons_from_top_here_to_do_an_ama/ ) was n't that bad , up there with david seymour ( and maybe jacinda ) imo, 
  removed under rule 5 - an article on this has already been posted, 
  i 'm kind of freaking out right now at how close it is , given i hit the wrong one by mistake and it may very well come down to that . 
  i did this this time too by mistake , voted for ultraviolet instead of the fly . 
  fully gutted at how close this is too, 
  kundu would have been a nice nod to the west wing, 
  half the time i wish the show went this route - still have the investigation and all that shit , just do n't have this massive conspiracy to overthrow the country . 
  more * west wing * , less cliche conspiracy plot, 
  vice president i 'd assume, 
  i mean there 's always the option of sabotaging her chances there if you 're really desperate , but even then it 's a pretty dickish move, 
  how were you using it ? 
  was this supposed to be a reply to someone, 
  as part of the agreement we 're not allowed to make our media partners looks bad , so we must keep in line with they 're grammatical stylings, 
  your post does n't conform to our new rules on public-friendly news , please reconsider your wording before you post again . 
  please see our [ announcement post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/62nfck/announcing_rnzs_syndicated_media_content_program/ ) for further details, 
  your post does n't conform to our new rules on public-friendly news , please reconsider your wording before you post again . 
  * soon to be a major motion picture !, 
  holy shit it 's actually a thing, 
  we should expand it , harder to fuck with it if everything 's two wide instead of one, 
  like many platforms , reddit actually has a clause in the terms and conditions you agree to upon signing up that states all content posted to reddit becomes the properties of reddit and its local affiliates , in this case the subreddit moderators . 
  we 've been working alongside them to ensure all aspects of this are perfectly legal and above board, 
  your post does n't conform to our new rules on public-friendly news , please reconsider your wording before you post again . 
  your post does n't conform to our new rules on public-friendly news , please reconsider your wording before you post again . 
  your post does n't conform to our new rules on public-friendly news , please reconsider your wording before you post again . 
  it is , it started with april fools day here in nz, 
  do n't die, 
  have you still got that archive link ? 
  we had some legit hate mail come through too , it was 50/50 ` fuck you corporate media shills ' and ` fuck this is a shit joke ', 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/1a33224198fad810ea65b6cdf2495a00/tumblr_mf2b40vwtk1qkfwf2o1_500.gif ), 
  hey you did a pretty good job in the comments too, 
   underneath, 
  nice try, 
  but then it 's twice the battle . 
  either side by side or kiwi on top , and we might have a deal . 
  why are we fighting ? 
  we received your delegation who proposed two flags side by side in solidarity , we 'd love to take you up on the offer of building another aussie flag under the kiwi one already there, 
  nice try we called dibs on top bunk, 
  side by side has already started , new flag to the left, 
  we 've started to the left, 
  we 've already started it , come and help out, 
  yeah , the joke was n't meant to be the funny bit , the reactions were, 
  you 'd better damn well do that boxing kangaroo too, 
  we 're being diplomatic and building a new flag to the left , so feel free to work on the kangaroo . 
  we 'll have one as a kiwi flag and one as an aussie one , no point in fighting over it, 
  foreigners liking us is what keeps the lazer kiwi in health , i 'm sure the boxing kangaroo would have the same effect, 
  they 've all got art protection treaties in place , so we should be safe, 
  it was n't me that started it being mirrored !, 
  if you look at the flag in the bottom left above the purple square you can see nz and australia fighting constantly over the star colours , until nz decided to take the high road and make a new flag to the left, 
  i feel like we should make our flag the right way round too, 
  removed under rule 5 , it 's already been posted, 
  the button has n't been configured properly - just change the url and get rid of nm . 
  at the start , it 'll take you back to normal reddit, 
  i had a dream i was choking on a passionfruit the other day, 
  oi lazer kiwi is under attack , he 's being erased from the top, 
  help switch the kiwi flag round eh ? 
  awesome , was going to suggest that . 
  the whole thing is looking like a bit of a dog 's breakfast at the moment, 
  we tried with the 100k users thing . 
  dr vetoed it because we have irc, 
  nah we went with both, 
  yeah , do n't need a background though, 
  removed , rule 6, 
  yeah i 've had this a couple times , took me a bit to realise - it does n't save though, 
  hey , just a heads up - i 've noticed some of you replacing the line i 've been drawing under the face with black to try and defend the artwork . 
  we 're not trying to overwrite your stuff , just help build defences against the void . 
  hope we can work together on this, 
  your mates at / r/newzealand and / r/straya, 
  yeah , but assuming an 80 % turnout you 're going to need nearly 140,000 people to vote for you . 
  if you do n't reach that , all of those people have no say in the state of the government by voting for you . 
  if it 's a particularly close election , those figures could easily have swayed the election in the other direction , meaning that by voting for you they could end up having the opposite impact on the direction of the country than what they wanted, 
  that 's not answering the question though . 
  if someone is wanting to achieve a higher education for whatever reason , we should support them in that call and not make it more difficult for them to get the degree . 
  alternatively , trying to emulate a certain other businessman-turned - ` reluctant ' - politician ? 
  we 're sorting out a treaty with them as we speak , we figured it 'd be easier to work around a pattern like you guys and offer you something in response compared to something which needs a fixed design like rick . 
  plus it 's more symbolic having the maori flag on the nz side and the aboriginal flag on the australian one, 
  / r/newzealand here - please stop attacking our heart , we have n't got one and there 's nowhere else for us to make one :(, 
  hi romania , / r/newzealand here - you guys have four hearts but we have none , could we please have one heart to put our flag on ? 
  we have a design [ here ] ( https://images.discordapp.net/.ejwvyesohsamamc7cacqn6xepkfeexvc68q8u784y3nvm061qf2k82lmenbuy9usbvaturzwz0l9yj3bzuie8n6vw9g4tc7yfgb0maa8wfceiaxojrbxiuimpbjnixvydl-r-v0baboiwa.sjcwzlk9c8bxfgra3yzbftttsum ) that we 're trying to make, 
  yeah , that flag is impossible at small sizes, 
  thanks , you guys are cool . 
  i 'll owe ya a beer if you 're ever in town, 
  we tried them first , they have some sort of deal and fought back hard . 
  it was the rainbow warrior all over again, 
  could maybe do that tomorrow , though it 's very late here now and i 've got work early so need to get sleep, 
  removing under rule 12, 
   `` son , your sons dad is kind of nz famous, 
  shit , only 11 and he already has a kid ? 
  you start them early in the tron, 
  i normally base it on how i feel - if i 've woken up groggy or with a headache / neck pain or whatever i 'll try and go back to sleep , but if i 've actually woken up feeling half decent for once i 'll get up because i know i 'll ruin it if i go back to sleep, 
  yeah , we did n't expect it to go on for as long as it did , then at the point we realised balchy was whinging about it so much it was almost worth it keeping them separate just for that, 
  youse are no fun , i enjoyed it for the most part . 
  i can see how it could have been annoying if you did n't follow it having everything posted , but let others have their fun eh ? 
  i bet you lot call noise control too, 
  speak for yourself , i 'd love to see one of those in action, 
  to be fair , eating something 's heart tends to do that for most things, 
  i dunno , i 'm kind of with trevor on this one .
