  i did for a bit , until i got sick of mum saying `` you 'd have known that '' `` you should have done this '' after every question . 
  that said , i did know the picture one they both messed up straight away , and the geography ones . 
  what was the u2 question ? 
  i need to add a springbok flair for / u/appexxd anyway , so i 'll add those to the list too . 
  as for code stuff , any idea about why the triangles under the subreddit headings are only showing up on a few of the headers , or why the link flairs have no backgrounds on the recently viewed links section ? 
  i was thinking more like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/83/south_africa_national_rugby_union_team.svg/1280px-south_africa_national_rugby_union_team.svg.png ), 
  it saves me a lot of work though , and i 'm really lazy . 
  if you 're a gazelle i 'm probably more like a leopard or something . 
  looks like he does stuff , but actually just sits in a tree all day, 
  i honestly still reckon just going with the logo is the best bet , it 'll be the only thing recognisable at such a small size, 
  that 's literally the colour a springbok is though ... 
  wait what ? 
  the logo is a beigey-white springbok , not green and gold ? 
  [ here 's the triangle thing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mrl5wsl.png?1 ) , other one can wait until later if we end up doing it, 
  but you 're the bourgeoisie, 
  pretty decent day at work - bbq reggae over the speakers , choice of star wars and back to the future on the tellies and nothing pressing to do . 
  combined with the weather and it 's a pretty chill day, 
  bbq reggae is the kiwi stuff like katchafire and fat freddy 's and all that, 
  i feel like they could be a bit further over to the left , like in the original pluto image, 
  any chance you could position europa a bit further over , like in the original ones ? 
  wrong comment ? 
  i 'm still partial to the evening post, 
  glad to see / u/ballchynz 's reign of terror over the thread names has been ended . 
  united , like the title says, 
  nah , [ ballchy did it for gold that he never got ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/3p05pa/new_zealand_morning_random_discussion_thread_17/cw2kcck ), 
  yeah , i meant the picture of europa over a bit more . 
  sorry , should have been clearer, 
  i 've actually guest starred on a podcast once , although i 'm pretty sure my real name is there somewhere so i wo n't share it ( plus i sound like shit ), 
  nah , i just wanted to contribute something to the conversation, 
  i 'm not sure whether auckland is a smart investment , maybe look at some other cities with better long term potential ? 
  we watched that in my politics class . 
  pretty shitty what the allies did to try and win, 
  you should n't reward such abuses of power , i 'm disappointed . 
  problem with that one is that it 's literally a corporate logo in nz licensed out by trade and enterprise, 
  or keep the current one and have a canton in a canton ? 
  god i have such a love-hate relationship with that show . 
  just as i start to like it they pull out a `` you hate our freedoms '' moment that feels like it was written by dick cheney and george bush, 
  we had a couple girls run out of the room in tears , but that was about it, 
  been having trouble sleeping last couple days . 
  dunno whats up , i 'm tired and all that but then as soon as i actually try to sleep i ca n't . 
  end up just sitting in front of 24 hour news until i pass out, 
  to be fair it was politics , so yeah . 
  i mean , people were emotional and all , but the only outward signs were those girls, 
  but is n't brazil spelt brasil in portuguese ? 
  that 's a wee bit far outside of auckland though is n't it ? 
  eh , ballchy will just register 20 alts and give himself 110 % of the vote, 
  i find the like thing even worse - had a sort-of-ex-it 's - complicated message me an apology last year , and i read it at work but was going to respond later . 
  accidentally hit the thing which sends a huge thumbs up , which in the context is like the most passive aggressive fuck you thing i could have done . 
  had to frantically go on break and try to smooth things over , but yeah . 
  they 're not that lot on the corner of maidstone and waimairi are they ? 
  there was a flat there on friday with their speakers out on the deck blaring music out over the intersection so loud i could n't hear the music in my car, 
  can we just kick all the white supremacists and fendalton lot out to make their own bastion of racism ? 
  shit , i wonder how many stereos were confiscated over the weekend , and how much money the police made between those and liquor ban violations ? 
  i dunno , i almost got into it with a guy the other day because he stole the last one of those damn lindt chocolate balls, 
  based on the responses here i should start cataloging for nz music month round 2 next year . 
  personally , i like a fair chunk of it . 
  shihad and the feelers are pretty cool , so are the nz reggae bands . 
  then there 's the classic rock ones that mostly got stolen by aussie - split enz , dragon , crowded house etc along with the dozens of dave dobbyn bands . 
  there 's also the ones from flying nun and the dunedin sound , and from the suggestions last time a bunch of cool small indie sort of bands forming up recently . 
  i 'm also partial to the warratahs because they were my grandmother 's favourite and she knew them , most of my memories of their songs relate to her somehow which cheers me up a bit . 
  depends on what you consider ties , i assume . 
  ties could mean anything from a loose alliance out of necessity to being an offshoot faction , it 's a really broad term . 
  i 'd say within the context of syria it 's more the former than the latter , but i do n't know enough about the whole mess to comment with any certainty, 
  the term mujahideen is just a plural for the term of someone who engages in jihad , so it 'd apply to anyone who is fighting a jihad - i 've mostly heard of it used in the balkan wars and crimea outside of afghanistan , but that 's the literal definition . 
  do n't know if there was a specific ` mujahideen ' organisation in afghanistan though, 
  oh right , yeah . 
  plan was to have the background darkened a bit like on the tekapo one , but we opted for it to be a bit lighter . 
  can darken it back down a bit if need be, 
   they seem to think that they ( maoris ) obliterated the mori ori people, 
  i can understand getting confused about this because iirc it was the prevailing view for a while , but how this is at all connected to the auckland housing market i have no idea, 
  * find your soulmate , homer !, 
  i think it 's the flag of republican spain, 
  what scrollbar ? 
  i just tested it and both of mine are showing as normal , maybe it 's a skin for your browser or something ? 
  sounds like something a drunk person would say, 
  i do n't think so ? 
  i 'm just running firefox , never had any other issues . 
  does seem to be showing up though , no idea why . 
  / u / - halcyon or / u/honourandsacrifice , any ideas ? 
  the amount of times i 've had people fall-over drunk tell me they were sober has led me to never believe people at their word . 
  although you did manage to spell abstinent , which is bonus points . 
  could you elaborate a bit ? 
  not sure what you 're meaning by that perspective or what sort of thing you 'd be using as examples, 
  have you tried only drinking in moderation ? 
  i probably would n't down 6-7 rtds in a single night , let alone in two hours ( but that 's because that shit is nasty , i could do 6 beers or ciders easy - not in two hours though . 
  maybe four or five ), 
  we 've got a bug report doc , / u / - halcyon just has n't posted the link yet so i 'm not sure if she thinks it 's ready, 
  nah , it 's good - we want to make it as good as possible so that we do n't need to update again , much to the chagrin of / r/nz, 
  oh right , resources as in resources , not as in sources or whatever . 
  yeah , i 'd probably do a course like that depending on how it was set up . 
  if you 're covering the whole colonial era then i 'd be down for that definitely , as well as anything which gives an excuse to write about interventionism and oil . 
  i remember last year in one of my anth classes we had a guest lecturer who was kanaka maoli come in and give a lecture on the impact of the sugar trade on the kingdom of hawaii . 
  it resulted essentially in a businessman coup against the king and an american invasion , and even today means that hawaii 's water does n't actually belong to hawaii . 
  most uprisings per captia ? 
  just a couple test threads, 
  if you go into the post there 's an option to ` sticky this post ' up above the reply box , next to the sorted by top thing . 
  i 've sorted it out though , cheers . 
  i can send you my google account email thing ( which just has the same name as this account set up as the name so i 'm not too fussed about anonymity of it or whatever ) but yeah, 
  it 's in the css somewhere , just search / r/nzcss/about / stylesheet for `` pvtfishes '' and it should show up how to change it, 
  it 'd be a difficult course to sort out - most obvious way to break it up would be by resource , but then you 'd be jumping around and all the stuff on the colonies would be disjointed .
