  not a bad song though , cheers, 
  that depends on which part of africa you 're talking about . 
  western africa ( think mali / niger / burkina faso way ) was home to several fairly expansive empires , most notably the ghana , mali , and songhai empires . 
  these empires grew rich off the saharan trade routes , which also brought islam to the region ( mansa musa , one of the better known kings of mali , famously brought so much gold when he went on his hajj that it devalued gold in egypt . ), 
  there were several more states in the sahel that followed a similar route , including kanem-bornu , sokoto , as well as smaller empires further down towards the coast that were more involved with the european trade networks once those started up in the ~ 1400s , particularly in slaves . 
  over towards the east , the nubians ( in modern day sudan ) were renowned for their bowmanship , and at one point even conquered egypt and installed their own kings as the 25th dynasty . 
  this continued after egypt became more absorbed in other empires - first alexander , then rome , and right through to the muslim conquest of egypt . 
  nubia had been invaded by aksum ( modern day ethiopia , we 'll come to them in a minute ) and then when that collapsed it was replaced by three christian kingdoms - nobatia , makuria , and alodia ( in order from north to south along the nile . ), 
  of these , makuria was the strongest , and absorbed nobatia at some point around the 7th century . 
  around this time too , the rapidly expanding rashidun caliphate conquered egypt and attempted to conquer nubia . 
  however , nubia 's prowess with archery and its home field advantage led to the nubian states holding off arab expansionism . 
  these christian states continued to last right through until the 1300s , when the muslim north were able to conquer them and begin the islamisation of sudan . 
  we mentioned aksum earlier , who were based in ethiopia . 
  they were one of the first states to convert to christianity , and were one of the most powerful states in the region - the christian influence in nubia came from an aksum conquest of the region . 
  though aksum eventually declined in power , the region continued to be home to some fairly powerful empires , and eventually gave rise to ethiopia , who was one of the few states not to be colonised ( until italy invaded in the years before ww2 ), 
  further down the east coast , you get a bunch of city states and trading empires centred around the indian ocean trade . 
  these were largely the swahili city states , and connected the african interior to empires as far away as india , indonesia , and china . 
  these were also the launch point for most of the early victorian expeditions into the interior , as the explorers were able to tag along on slaving missions run by the arab slavers in these city states . 
  in central africa , there are myths around great kingdoms in the great lakes region that we 're not entirely sure about the accuracy of due to a lack of evidence , but there are also some kingdoms we definitely do know about in the area . 
  one of the main ones is the kingdom of kongo , centred around the congo and northern angola . 
  these guys were one of the first points of access when portugal first came down the coast , and quickly became a valuable trading partner . 
  they were also quick to convert to christianity , and many of the kongolese kings were baptised and given christian names ( nzinga a nkuwu , manikongo when portugal arrived , became jo\u00e3o i of kongo when baptised . ), 
  finally , further down south we have more empires that were involved in the trade routes , as a source which traded to the swahili city states . 
  these were mainly the mapungubwe , zimbabwe , and mutapa ( in chronological order . ), 
  of these , zimbabwe is the most well known , as it created vast cities out of stone ( the best known of which is creatively called great zimbabwe ) that were so impressive , european accounts initially refused to believe that they had been constructed by africans ( such was the racism of the time ) . 
  these kingdoms controlled the flow of resources from the african interior out to trade routes , and so quickly grew rich ( though as such also became targets . ), 
  this is a pretty basic overview , i can provide some sources and further reading if you want as well as go further in depth in some of the areas if you 'd like more info on certain areas in particular . 
  congrats , have an awesome day !, 
  heavy drinking in store tonight like a true uni student ? 
  you may remember me from such modding-related threads as * ` do n't hang your noose on that semicolon ' * and * ` what to expect when you 're extracting ' * . 
  now , i 'm just a humble modder , and i know we 're not the most popular folk round these parts , but if you do n't mind as to indulge me for a moment i 'd like to make our case and try to clear things up a tad . 
  as a disclaimer , i was n't involved in any of the shit that went down between you lot and the modders , but from what i caught of it it sounds though you wanted to design a civ and then get modders to make it ? 
  the issue with that is that you 've got to imagine what it 's like as a modder . 
  you make civs you want to make because you want to make them , and then because people see you 're a modder you end up getting a bunch of requests every week saying ` make serbia ' or ` can you do pakistan next ' and so on . 
  now i 'm not saying that 's what you were like , but as a modder it gets tiresome getting such requests on a regular basis . 
  and then , certain members of the community belittled the work that modders do , which did n't really help the case . 
  again , not saying everyone did that , but some people certainly did . 
  the amount of work which goes into making something where a single typo can break the whole thing is a fair bit , so for someone to come in and say that it 's nothing can be a bit annoying . 
  now i 'm not saying that the modders were completely innocent , and they acted like dicks too . 
  but just try and see it from out side too , and their frustration might make a bit more sense . 
  and who tried to leave that one time , but loved us too much to go through with it, 
  i thought one of the varieties the skin was edible and it was n't on the other ? 
  i dunno , i feel like it could have really been a great show had it not devolved into what it did and did n't have the whole caliphate war approach thing, 
  i assumed grave 1 was the islamist guy, 
  nah , it 's [ this screenshot ] ( http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/3316080236176928749/448dbe5cca0729ac5769fd520234db3cefc584cd/ ) from my [ india split mod ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=242272997 ), 
  oh my god , that 's my mod . 
  was this actually in a lecture slide or something ? 
  oh wow , that 's pretty cool . 
  yeah , it was the india civilisation split - [ first screenshot even ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=242272997 ), 
  i figured that as well , but i 'm not sure what he would have googled . 
  all the results come up with gandhi or other games or whatever, 
  oh huh , so it is . 
  that 's kind of cool in and of itself though, 
  i thought someone was trying to organise one for when / u/hsmithakl comes down ? 
  feel like i may have misjudged no man 's sky a bit - spent the last hour holed up in what may as well have been camp taji being shot at by robot dogs and flying hal-9000s with lasers , then running out , lobbing grenades at them and grabbing super valuable orb things that were all over the show . 
  sure most of the planets are the same , but the ones that are n't are pretty cool, 
  i love how that could pretty much be just english with an accent , if someone said that to you you could probably figure out what it meant without knowing the language, 
  touch anything and you turn to gold ? 
  completely unrelated , but while you 're here , what 's your view on [ 360 \u00b0 music videos ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qohtnubq7xq ), 
  not sure how you came to the conclusion about the mods, 
  yeah , but that does n't mean we 're fine with it . 
  we just need time to try and figure out how best to go about dealing with it, 
  yeah , though all of the empires in the image are spread out over 2000 years of history, 
  i 've been stuck on 19 for ages , every ship i find always has fewer slots than i do, 
  please stop spamming our subreddit . 
  if you wish to advertise , you can do so through [ official channels ] ( https://www.reddit.com/advertising ), 
  yeah , except literally all the ships i find are 19 or less for some reason, 
  most of them , yeah, 
  bulk buying, 
  have n't had an invisible one , but i did come across a building underwater with no doors whatsoever, 
  july 4 ( because murica ) and christmas probably, 
  initial savefile ? 
  new zealand definitely needs a new ( and decent ) news website , i 'd be down to help for sure if you wanted / needed any, 
  cas is probably my favourite summer album , it just works so well . 
  hopefully their new one is the same , i 'll need something for the summer that 's coming up soon, 
  communist building projects may have overshadowed reconstruction , since the east did n't take up the offer of the marshall plan, 
  in case you ever wonder why we remove duplicate links , the front page of / r/politics was [ fairly consistent today ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wntkf2d.png?1 ), 
  it 's the pinnacle of something , i 'm just not sure what that something is, 
  / r/accidentalrenaissance - it 's either the same ten photos being posted over and over again , or a / r/pics clone . 
  whole place has declined in quality and the mod refuses to do anything about it, 
  just as a clarification ( i do n't know a single source myself , was meaning more for others that it might help ) , are you meaning the first time they were explored by humans in general or the first time they were explored / discovered by europeans ? 
  for example , the maori have been in new zealand for roughly 800 years , but it was only discovered by europeans with abel tasman in the 17th century, 
  there was one time a kid left his facebook logged in on a public pc that some mates and i came across , he was probably only about 13 or 14 . 
  so naturally someone messed with him and changed his relationship status to in a relationship . 
  we were checking in on it every now and then , and at one point saw that he had a bunch of frantic messages from a girl who looked like she had been his girlfriend up until she dumped him over facebook three hours before we found the pc . 
  having seen he was apparently already in another relationship she was begging him to take her back , which is the last we saw . 
  not sure how it turned out in the end , we either screwed that kid 's life up or saved it for him, 
  hah , finally know your username, 
  just as a heads up , might want to remove your instagram link since it 'd come under personal information according to reddit ( unless you 're cool with that i suppose ), 
  ah , the / u/jpr64 approach to meetups, 
  if colmar brunton could sort their shit out and not have a bunch of swings every time that 'd be great, 
  hell , it 's better than me . 
  at least you get trips to exotic locations , i just get shit timing with health and family dinners, 
  i would be so down for that , their christmas version is awesome, 
  yeah all good , i 'm reaching the tail end of uni myself so i know what it 's like . 
  i fully expected that to be the point , but i did n't expect it to be anywhere near that steep, 
  gizmodo is hardly the pinnacle of scientific research, 
  based on my experience it feels like everyone else is in stable relationships , so i 'm not sure, 
  yeah , though i do n't have access to read the full article .
