  probably better to get a car . 
  we may look small , but you ca n't really do day trips and see most of the country . 
  queenstown you could check out milford sound , arrowtown , paradise , cadrona etc , christchurch you can go to akaroa , hamner , arthur 's pass , wellington i 'm not sure , maybe kapiti ? 
  i think you 'd probably be better just doing a tiki tour sort of thing yourself instead of having just one home base and going from there . 
  oh fuck , i did n't realise they did that . 
  shit , i 'm worried now, 
  google is your friend - hundreds of slow cooker recipes on there, 
  how do you lot know it exists , then ? 
  i 'm about to start my third year of a ba in political science down at uc , and have signed up for first year law as well with the intention of potentially doing a conjoint degree . 
  problem is i 've got no idea whether i 'm actually going to keep up with it or not , or what i 've got myself into - given it 's extending my time at uni by four / five years . 
  do you have any advice on the degree as a whole , or whatever ? 
  what 's honours like ? 
  considering doing it for my politics degree , but not sure yet . 
  yeah , that was the plan . 
  my worry was that if we needed both slots for other stuff , then the daily would replace it every twelve hours and make our life difficult, 
  sounds like a motel that 's not counting on there being much sleeping, 
  there 's actually 29 million results , with most pages containing more than one recipe , so hundreds might be underestimating a tad, 
   do n't do law simply because you do n't want to have just a ba . 
  you should have a good reason for studying law , typically you want to be a lawyer or work in an adjacent profession which requires a law degree or legal training . 
  academica is even more competitive than the private sector and the current generation of academics are staying on later and later . 
  yeah , definitely not wanting to be a lawyer , but i figured that the political sphere in all aspects of it would require at least some knowledge of law , so it would n't be out of place . 
  have n't signed up for the actual degree yet , just the first year stuff , so worst case scenario i can just scrap it and finish up politics next year , maybe throwing in history and doing a double major or something . 
  cheers for the reply, 
  quick , someone add a ` without prior approval ' bit to give us a loophole, 
  i think we 've got enough weekly / daily threads as-is , could see if it takes off though . 
  been meaning to re-look at them anyway , i want somewhere level-headed to discuss world politics . 
  might see if we can have one comment chain a week on it within the discussion , hans-style . 
  nah , i 'm out of minutes, 
  i think it 's the chocolate to surface area ratio , like how flakes are better than normal dairy milk, 
  i dunno , i need to go to the post office to check, 
  fuck yeah , what do you think of the book ? 
  yeah , figured you would ( on both counts . ), 
  you should read * blood river * too , i 'd say it 's tied with the trigger as one of my favourite books , if not slightly pipping it at the post . 
  * chasing the devil * was still a good book , but i did n't like it as much as the other two . 
  i could probably lend it to you if you did n't want to buy it outright . 
  have n't read any of his yet , but radio hauraki used to play a bit of the audiobook of * a short history of nearly everything * every night , so i heard some of that . 
  i 've been meaning to give him a look anyway , so i 'll give it a shot , cheers . 
  eh , seems doable, 
  i 've been terrible loss on it when playing , and occasional lag spikes . 
  but the loss is the big thing, 
  yeah , it does feel like that holiday period again for some reason . 
  might be the weather, 
  well that 's no fun . 
  nah , time for a wellington server, 
  i 'm wanting to take some time off to travel , would you suggest i do that before starting honours or wait until after ? 
  seems like with that level of employment i would n't really have a chance afterwards , but i 'm a bit hesitant to take a year off in the middle of my studies . 
  also , could you give a quick overview of what honours actually entails ? 
  i 've got a brief understanding of it where there 's eight courses and something else on top of it , but not much beyond that . 
  god that would 've been a cool shot though . 
  like how some performers have those fireworks go off on either side when they enter the stage , he has beer fountains as he walks into the fight . 
  this is cool , would you mind if we had it as the sidebar pic on the subreddit for a bit ? 
  sweet , thanks . 
  is there any chance i 'd be able to grab / use a version without the watermark , and maybe crop it a bit to fit with the dimensions we need ? 
  it 'll be too small for anyone to actually use outside of it , and i 'll credit you in the caption for it, 
  yeah , it 's just to write her real life pregnancy into the show - they would n't be doing it if she was n't pregnant, 
  this is how i see it :, 
  start of the episode , we see the attack on the cleaners . 
  one of them says to mr. kaplan that she 's kept alive to let red know that he knows , or something to this effect . 
  this lets red know that someone is onto him , and based on mr. kaplan 's description he 's able to determine that it 's marcus or his associates . 
  red knows that marcus would need proof to convince the others at shell island that red was a traitor , and what better proof than the live testimony of someone in the fbi . 
  now , the list of who within the fbi knows about reddington 's involvement is small , which narrows down the target list substantially . 
  from that , you 'd need someone who you 've got leverage over ( eg . 
  a family ) and who is going to be easy to break ( eg . 
  not an agent . ), 
  i 'd wager that 'd narrow it down to just the woman who got kidnapped . 
  then it 's just a matter of tracking down her movements fbi style , which red is more than capable of doing . 
  either that or he had a man on the inside . 
  maybe a calippo ? 
  i tend to think of it as something to watch in the background - watched the game last night on one screen and played civ v on the other . 
  was a decent night, 
  i 'm a u2 fan , so i have to say something from the joshua tree , even though it 's not that 80 's new wave sort of thing per se . 
  in which case , it 's got to be [ where the streets have no name ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fsrpeut2dg ) , hands down . 
  the intro is absolutely gorgeous , still gives me chills . 
  should n't have left the fan on, 
  that mongol rally might be a decent option, 
  [ pearl jam 's cover ] ( https://youtu.be/pwcw3wsr7hk?t=46s ) of it is pretty awesome too , eddie 's voice really suits it . 
  oh god , we have family friends that are scottish ( well one of them is ) - was talking to him one night and it took a hell of a lot of work to stop myself from talking in a scottish accent back . 
  what sort of teacher are you ? 
  my dad just took me out on a straight , quiet backroad and got me to drive in a straight line , then let him turn around and drive back to the start . 
  mum on the other hand took me to a business park and threw me in the deep end , roundabouts and everything . 
  had to learn manual too, 
  yep - i 'm needing to get all four out sometime this year . 
  originally booked for two weeks time , but it was too much of a rush and the guys hardly filled me with confidence , so i rebooked for april . 
  holy shit , i actually have days off in that time !, 
  sure it 's not a wasp nest ? 
  i remember seeing this in one of the minecraft patch notes years ago - `` 26 bugs are now features '' or something like that, 
  yeah , wasps do n't leave stingers behind . 
  that does seem weird though that they 've built it underground, 
  do you remember your trip plan ? 
  the photo was taken on the evening of the 13th according to the exif data, 
  it 'll likely be somewhere in southland or south otago , in that case . 
  props to the dj for playing * fall at your feet * there, 
  damn , i thought you were going to link to one of / u/appexxd _ 's posts where he said that exact thing . 
  the basin reserve dj playing * fall at your feet * when the pakistani bowler tripped over has to be one of the best things i 've seen all week, 
  dammit appexxd, 
  went there once on a tour , some little shit of a kid decided it 'd be funny to shout - loud noises scare them , and all the lights go out . 
  ruined it for everyone, 
  you 're on . 
  never specified it was a foot race, 
  i thought we moved on to appexxd deleting his account,
