  john key enrolled to vote in the helensville electorate in 2002 , which he sought to represent . 
  he owned a house there but he did not , then or ever , live in it . 
  key , like english , had legal advice telling him he could do this . 
  he says he originally intended the house to be a weekend home , and that the electoral commission told him he could do it . 
  as the herald implies though does n't actually say , this looks like a clear breach of the electoral act . 
  further , it 's different from the situation of students living away from home , because the law allows them to remain enrolled at a place they regard as home , provided they have previously lived there . 
  key did n't qualify under that provision . 
  [ this has been updated since first published . ], 
  metiria turei appears to have committed the same offence , but there 's an important difference between the two overlooked by the herald . 
  key submitted his enrolment form when he was a serious candidate for parliament . 
  turei submitted hers when she was a candidate for the joke mcgillicuddy serious party ( for whom she got 150 votes ) . 
  that is , turei 's sin clearly belongs in the category of youthful indiscretion . 
  key 's sin was the foundation declaration he made when he started his parliamentary career . 
  the herald concludes that the accusations against key are `` close , but not quite a cigar '' . 
  key was widely condemned for it at the time , but he laughed it off . 
  i 'm with southern cross through my parents , they 're really good . 
  covered all of my wisdom tooth stuff with just a $ 200 excess , which saved me roughly 10 times that, 
   always felt like someone was watching, 
  i hate that feeling , eh . 
  my brother gets it a lot , he 'd refuse to go into shops or rooms or whatever because of it , i get it sometimes going down the hallway but that 's because the door and window are at the end of it, 
  i 'm the opposite - woke up briefly at 7am but then passed out and did n't wake up again until like quarter to nine . 
  i 'm a bit pissed off because i 'm trying to get back to nz time instead of being jetlagged from singapore, 
   edit : or at least show the number of up & down votes . 
  a score of -10 is very different with 100 up and 110 down compared to another comment with only 10 down . 
  res used to do this , but then reddit disabled the thing they used to get the info, 
  bringing up bad memories ... 
  that mot was the biggest let down , it was so bad, 
  removed , given that we were contacted by / u/thezizekiest telling us he was n't dead, 
  check his flair, 
  that 's entirely up to him , we all need breaks from time to time, 
  agreements with various involved parties and whatnot . 
  we 'll sort something out, 
  that 's the idea behind my one, 
  can confirm , learnt to drive in one and the damn thing still did n't give up, 
  most of labours donations total up to just one of those ones , bit of a different ballpark, 
  say that again, 
  already done , is n't it ? 
  calling someone a fruit loop is hardly debating, 
  got woken up at quarter to seven by my cat crying to be let back inside , have a feeling she was out there for a while as i 'm home ( pretty much ) alone and she has n't left my side since she came back in, 
  op has provided us verification that they are who they say they are, 
  edit : automod got excited and was removing all the comments from op due to them being a new account . 
  should be all fixed now, 
  sorry , it was the same overactive spam filter that caught your post originally . 
  should be all good now, 
   you could probably chalk up a lack of foreign policy to the fact that top does n't want to be in government . 
  that seems like a pretty weird thing for a candidate for that exact party to say . 
  surely the goal of any political party is to be in government ? 
   3 hours and no answers is n't a great look, 
  sorry , that 's our fault . 
  automod got a bit excited, 
  where do you stand on the issue of top splitting the left vote and as a result giving national the advantage in a lot of tight races ( like chch central ? ), 
  going off of that , have you got access to any election-specific polling ? 
  would be interested to see how the race in chch central is shaping up, 
  place an order by phone , you can skip the whole queue and pick it up on the side, 
  if only there was some sort of mode where all the political stuff was hidden ... 
  there 's a no politics mode on the sidebar . 
  if you do n't like the politics stuff , you can hide it, 
  we do n't force them onto anyone , people choose to do those flairs . 
  i did read your comment , my point was that people make the choice to have such a response by flairing themselves . 
  we have such flairs there as a way for people to voluntarily express where they sit on the political spectrum . 
  we also have generic left and right wing flairs , and flairs representing political figures ( such as yours . ), 
  we are n't going to stifle people 's ability to express their political opinions , least of all in an election year . 
  i 'm not 100 % on that , but we 'll be following it regardless and shutting down any content of the sort on that day, 
  i think it depends on the situation , it 's a similar sort of thing to the debates people have about other traumatic / controversial events , such as the earthquakes . 
  personally , i feel like humour is good as it helps people cope with what 's happened , and is a case of not letting them win . 
  of course it differs based on the exact circumstances , but it 's definitely not a case of humour = bad imo, 
  it got unstickied for this , we 'll swap it back out tomorrow, 
  hey , it 's still tomorrow, 
  the second one must have cancelled the first one out, 
  what 's your version of * oh , berlin * like ? 
  hi david , thanks for doing this ama . 
  what 's your approach to instances such as mt. 
  eden prison , where attempts at privitisation have seen poor results and there is evidence that it was due to the privitisation ? 
  are you still in favour regardless , or do you think that if a privitisation has proved to be a failure that it 's not worth pursuing ? 
  do you think it 's fair that the voters of epsom get influence disproportional to that of an electorate due to the deal which has been done between yourself and the national party ? 
  can i be a pain and say [ danny lanois remix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzyc8mtlliw ) ? 
  oh berlin is awesome , i really wish there was somewhere to get it without having to get the whole super deluxe thing, 
  we try to keep on top of the flairs , but it requires users to keep an eye on them too . 
  political amas are still going to be flaired as amas as that 's the bigger aspect of it, 
  mor type songs ? 
  yeah , ask questions here or message them to me and i can try and post them on your behalf, 
  national - 42 %, 
  nzf - 8 %, 
  greens - 6 %, 
  act - 1.4 %, 
  top - 0.7 %, 
  i 'm worried it 's going to be 4.5 % with the left losing by a narrower margin, 
  i can see it being similar , just from the reserved one news team instead of super excited paddy, 
   james shaq - ( source ), 
  i would n't be surprised , at that inlet you 're getting near constant westerlies which would blow the sand up the beach onto the dunes, 
  i would n't recommend it to be honest . 
  abel tasman itself is awesome and if you 've got time it 's worth a visit , but this spot requires a 4wd track to a small ` town ' and then it does n't show so much as a walking track to that spot . 
  you can get fairly similar views down the coast a bit in punakaiki , which is far more accessible and a better choice in my opinion, 
  the nikau palms and glaciers are only separated by ~ 150km if that , the west coast is fucking insane . 
  you walk through rainforest to get to the glacier, 
  yo , looks like you 're shadowbanned . 
  hit up the admins, 
  i mean sure , if gareth morgan was replaced with jacinda then go for it, 
  removing this under rule 12, 
  top surge posts are definitely becoming circle jerk territory .
