  oh right , i just assumed that since it 's the evening thread you 'd had a bit much gin, 
  all this work on a fancy new one trying to one-up the aussies and you like theirs better ? 
  that 's fine , i swear ... ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  oi , i ai n't making this new css just so this lot can go and steal it ... 
  although , i do like the idea of their subreddit looking like a kiwi tourism website, 
  enough that it 'd be worth adding a flair for them ? 
  talking about link flairs and adding one for the cultural exchanges , figured i 'd ask whether we need for the recommends too . 
  maybe we could expand it into a recommendations thing for those threads and overarching stuff i 'm wanting to launch ( the / r/nz road trip , / r/nz summer playlist or whatever ), 
  love you too :(, 
  why do you hate the subreddit so much ? 
  jeez , living in hamilton really has taught you the art of vicious insults, 
  careful , if there 's anything i 've learnt is that if you get meat from a guy in hamilton it 's probably disease-ridden, 
  was it actually over policies though , or was it trying to send a message ? 
  we recently had a by-election over here in nz in a seat which since it was created has always voted national ( our version of conservatives ) - they felt neglected because it was always seen as a safe national seat and so saw no ~ ~ election bribes ~ ~ development , so during the by-election they voted for a central populist party to send a message to national, 
  it 's because otherwise facebook and texts and all that think they 're being smart and replace them with godawful emojis, 
  have you checked out some of the other parts of it ? 
  the daily discussion threads are strictly non-political and have a fairly decent bunch in them , as do most of the threads that are n't political . 
  we 're working on a new css too , which will have a link filter allowing you to completely avoid the political stuff altogether . 
  you expecting us to go all french revolution on them ? 
  wrong show ? 
  compared to the league of nations it 's a success that we have n't died in nuclear hellfire, 
  so we 'll have a huge war followed by the rise of the united europe ? 
  essay saga epilogue # 1 : results for both politics 1 and politics 2 back , a on both :d, 
  i 'd also be interested to see whether it has any impact on immigration . 
  i 've got a fair few chinese friends whose families moved out here because of the one child policy , and they were either having twins or wanted a second child or whatever . 
  now that a second child is allowed , i wonder whether people will still move out here at similar levels to now or whether the numbers will slow down a bit, 
  do they not try to get them back before exams ? 
  surely it should be wellington since they have their meetup game down pat and it 's in the middle of the country ( well , technically nelson is , but who wants to go there ? ), 
  he 's either never drunk or always drunk , and i 'm leaning towards the latter, 
  rule number one is never let anyone know your username , so good luck with that, 
  pretty much , it 'll come back to bite you . 
  showed a friend something i 'd posted once , then shit happens between us and a year later she stalked my entire post history to find a post i 'd made about the shit that happened and showed it to the other girl who was involved in it , bringing everything back up after a year or so . 
  and now both of them know my reddit account , so i need to be careful what i post, 
  ah well look , at the end of the day it 's not a question of whether i like or dislike any person , but rather one of what ordinary new zealanders think about the issue at hand , and indeed what that issue is decided to be . 
  and i think that at the end of the day , while this is clearly an important issue , ordinary new zealanders would not think of it as the most pressing issue facing the country , especially in light of our boys facing off against the wallabies tomorrow . 
  so while we do have several important issues facing us as a country , this is actually a question of our priorities as a government , and i believe the most urgent priority we 're facing is to get a flag which better identifies us as a nation and could proudly fly over richie and our all blacks beating the aussies and taking home the webb ellis cup, 
  it 's relative - they 're great compared to loans with interest or no loans at all , but pretty average compared to a state funded education . 
  it 's a question more of what we 're aiming to be like , we should be aiming more for scandinavia and europe when we 're heading more in line with america, 
  i 'm up for starting a news website if the rest of you are . 
  not that i have any qualifications for it , but i 'm sure it 'd at least be better proof-read than stuff, 
  i like this one , but i think those groups of two spikes up on each side of the top of the map are going to be really annoying , since you 'll end up hitting them each time you try to corner too fast and hit the boosts . 
  love the idea of having two different end zones for each team though, 
  yeah , you 'll still have those people , but now that the policy is reversed it 's a question of how many families there are that would n't have moved out here if they were allowed to have had a second child back in china, 
  yeah , i 'm not disputing that . 
  what i 'm questioning is how much of a factor it was , and whether the rate of immigration will change now that the policy has, 
  you work in retail , how the hell do you intend to get boxing day off ? 
  what the fuck, 
  ptsd from multiple boxing day sales, 
  that was a pretty pro brush off of the ` where do you live ' question, 
  i thought that was just the virgin ones that they worked out the partnership with on ? 
  the enlightenment era , the century of lights , the age of reason . 
  those are but a few names people have dubbed the eighteenth century , one hundred years that pushed the world into the direction of scientific and social progress . 
  propelled by philosophers , scientists , explorers and politicians alike , the enlightenment era transformed the face of europe and the americas , and the mindset of their inhabitants likewise . 
  originating from the grand humanist ideas of the renaissance , the principles of enlightenment shifted man 's attention from the divine to the profane , from the heavens to the earth , from faith to science . 
  whilst earlier eras of history saw - on occasion - matching levels of freedom or progress , the age of reason pushed the boundaries of human curiosity , research and exploration much further ahead . 
  the ideas of personal liberty , secular politics and scientific method - those were the concepts that defined the epoch . 
  concepts that found their greatest achievement in the creation of the united states of america , and their biggest caricature in the self-destructing bloodshed of the french revolution . 
  whilst marked by near-constant war , social upheaval and the crumbling of absolute monarchies of old , the enlightenment era paved the way for the industrial revolution with its intrepid pursuit of science and the perceived expansion of the human mind . 
  just as the industrial revolution sped the world up , this prior epoch first turned the world around . 
  what 's included :, 
  * completely new enlightenment era, 
  * 11 new technologies, 
  * 11 new units, 
  * 12 new buildings, 
  * 9 new wonders, 
  * new extension of scouting unit line, 
  * fully voiced era , tech , and wonder quotes, 
  download links and more info :, 
  * [ enlightenment era manual ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tn6mx9i5nrti17urs9cs7npvrzsjhle7lecv4w1kxyg/edit# ), 
  * [ steam workshop ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=544452801&amp;tscn=1446199040 ), 
  * [ civfanatics thread ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=551446 ), 
  * [ direct download ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/pbmliw6pix4j12z/enlightenment%20era%20%28v%201%29.civ5mod?dl=0 ), 
  how you can help :, 
  now that the mod is released , we need bug reports on anything which is n't correct so that we can fix it . 
  there were a lot of changes in the final days prior to release , so it is likely that some may not have been updated in all places . 
  we also need feedback on the pacing of the era , so that it is in line with vanilla and does n't pass by too quickly ( or too slowly ), 
  * please note that this only includes direct contributors . 
  many additional people have helped , either in part or through providing unit models which have since been used . 
  the list will be updated as more information on that regard becomes available *, 
  / u/charlatanalley - quote voiceovers, 
  / u/janboruta - art , design, 
  jfd - code , pedias , design, 
  pouakai - code and compilation , design , pedias, 
  proffy - pedias, 
  / u/reedstilt - pedias , design, 
  sukritact - art , design, 
  superwaffle - pedias , text, 
  viregel - pedias, 
  game pace is actually something we need feedback on - we 've tried to adjust the tech costs so that you 're still able to get to the end of the game by 2050 , but naturally this means that everything costs less and thus is quicker to get . 
  what we need now is feedback on how the pacing is , and whether we need to increase costs a bit so that you 're not flying through the era too quickly to enjoy it . 
  as with most mods it has been tested etc on standard speed , but it may work equally well on other speeds, 
  finally released [ a mod for civ 5 ] ( http://imgur.com/a/u7fuy ) which i 've been working on for probably a year and a half now , such a relief to finally have that done and out of the way . 
  now for the one i 've been working on for three years ... 
  oh whoops , completely forgot to add it in . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't use cbp personally , so it 'd need the people who made it to work on compatibility since they have a better grip on the balance of the cbp and what would need to be done, 
  we thought skirmishers was a more generic name , and it did n't overlap with rawsasquatch 's csa mod which has sharpshooters as a uu, 
  and once they upgrade to battleships it 's even worse , since you 've now got a four range ship with a powerful attack and indirect fire . 
  i 've leveled cities in the middle of a continent before with them, 
  go with one of the civs which has uniques in the era , i 'd suggest spain ( the conquistador is an earlier cuirassier , ) sweden ( uus both replace ee units , ) or england ( they have a new uu which replaces the ship of the line ),
