  yeah , we 've even got warnings on our escalators about them . 
  but they 're not that common , you 'd be far more likely to see someone walking round barefoot than in crocs, 
  how far has the line moved in the half hour since you posted ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  literal translation is a bit different , but it 's always used as a greeting . 
  would something like a photo of the $ 1 coin or the nz flag really be subject to copyright though ? 
  iirc the nzru took exception to it being included or something , so it was removed from the long-list . 
  same thing happened with the green and white koru flag, 
  okay , anyone with last minute flair requests ? 
  ` cept i 'm still not a proper mod :(, 
  ah , fair enough . 
  thought that was what the plan was , must 've gotten confused . 
  do you want users to be able to assign their own text flairs ? 
  shit , that sucks . 
  both mine on my dad 's side have died ( granddad a couple weeks before i was born ) but thankfully both mum 's parents are still around, 
  sorry :( the one for stickied self posts is a tiki though , i would put up a new css post and sticky it but i ca n't sticky posts, 
  there is one already , check the flairs - right at the end, 
  hmm , yeah . 
  might try to give it a background or something , i 've got the same issue . 
  what browser are you using ? 
  they 're showing up as 10-12 for me , not 1, 
  it is n't really , i just fixed up a bunch of stuff still to be done and shipped it over . 
  night mode still needs doing and any other bugfixes , but yeah . 
  / u / - halcyon 's probably gon na have a fit when she sees i 've ported it over, 
  you can choose between the fern and the fern . 
  that 's how it works , right ? 
  yeah , it 's a bunch of pictures taken by people on the subreddit . 
  some of them are mine , some are / u / - halcyon 's , some are some others who i 've forgotten ( and feel bad about it ), 
  the banner should only appear if you 're not logged in or not subscribed to the subreddit , do n't know why it 's showing up otherwise . 
  bottom scrollbar is confusing too , it does n't show up for me . 
  do you still have it on / r/nzcss ? 
  do the voting slips come out in the mail ? 
  i have n't seen it yet, 
  be honest , and do n't be a dick about it ? 
  i 'd still say a cop would help keep things civil if you can get one, 
  okay , that 's weird . 
  what resolution is your screen ? 
  the last two were fantastic , they came in and pretty much polished everything up damn nicely . 
  fixed a bunch of the bugs and actually got us whipped into gear to actually finish it . 
  ca n't help it , i feel like i 'm half canadian or something, 
  damn , same as me . 
  makes sense , maori and hawaiian cultures are both polynesian and along with most other polynesian cultures are fairly similar to each other, 
  i absolutely hate brutalism . 
  my uni 's buildings are all that style and i 'd much rather they were something better . 
  we had an earthquake a couple years back which knocked down a bunch of them though , and we 're getting fancy new buildings which a ton of glass, 
  if i 'm gon na be a mod i better get used to telling people to get fucked anyway , so sounds good, 
  i 'm on firefox too though and it looks fine to me ? 
  i have photos !, 
  i can prove it !, 
  wait , the mobile apps show css ? 
  i 'd have thought getting out of the house would be better for mental health than going back ? 
  you 're the only one so far that has n't given feedback on * why * you do n't like it, 
  i chose the fern simply because it was the first kiwi thing that came to mind which was easily recognisable , a simple design , and the right shape to work as a self post . 
  could 've probably gone with a kiwi too , but could n't get a decent shape one that was n't clip art or any of that rubbish, 
  oh nah i was meaning getting out of her family 's house , not the donor 's house . 
  unless i 'm confused ? 
  any idea on how to get the link flair filter to look decent ? 
  it looks pretty rubbish as it is now ( i just did a botched job so that it would hide under the heading , which only seems to work if it 's a list ), 
  that makes a lot more sense . 
  i thought for some reason the donor house was the one that took her in for the night . 
  right , okay . 
  yeah , definitely get out of there asap, 
  hell i dunno , most people would n't call their families donors either but there we go, 
  it was kind of funny , at first / u / - halcyon was in favour and i was really opposed to the idea , then at some point it reversed and i was campaigning to keep it while she wanted to scrap it, 
  she 's supposed to be iirc , but i do n't think / u/ballchynz has added her yet . 
  nah , the messages were just what i needed to get my arse into gear over it . 
  your help was much appreciated, 
  thanks , it 's one of mine . 
  it 's the road up to franz josef glacier , and you can see the glacier a tiny bit in the valley ahead ( it 's more obvious in the full image ) . 
  took it about 10 years ago when the glacier was still close , it 's much further back now afaik, 
  might pay to do a full nz css thread with a bit of an overview and all that too . 
  introduction to the flairs and joke about the lack of referendums would be good too, 
  hang on , i 'll port the css back to / r/nzcss and let you take a shot to see if it works . 
  though i imagine we 'll need / u/mraliasundercover to confirm it, 
  that reminds me , you accidentally overwrote the tongariro one instead of the ruapehu one with your ruapehu image . 
  have n't got either there at the moment , but we 've potentially got room to double the image count since currently each header has two slots . 
  though i think that can wait until after christmas ' pohutukawa one . 
  that 's actually not a bad idea , has anyone got small enough versions of them ? 
  actually , / r/vexillology might , i 'll take a look, 
  eh , it 's okay . 
  check the new tongariro one , which i 've done with a smaller gradient that does n't show up on normal 1920x1080 . 
  if you 're okay with that i can go through now and do the others like it . 
  i 'd say just the one ` christmas ' banner would be better imo , definitely not until december but we 'd need to make sure we can get a nice , high quality image that works as one first . 
  awesome , sounds good . 
  although posting replies in the bug report thread should be fine too . 
  let / u/ballchynz know when you post it too so that he can sticky it ( since i still ca n't ), 
  gah , that 's weird . 
  what resolution is your screen ? 
  awesome , best of luck in the air force !, 
  thanks for all your help over the course of the css , you 've been a huge help and it 's been awesome working with you on it . 
  let us know how it goes too !, 
  there is one , it only shows up for people not subscribed, 
  no politics mode is still coming , i 'm going to try implement it later on today . 
  we 'll just need to finalise the flairs we 're using first ( i think we need an `` n '' flair for news that 's not political too ) and then it should be fairly simple . 
  though it 'll cause grief with night mode, 
  2000 x 200 , with a fade to black on the left hand side, 
  well are n't you fun . 
  feel free to disable it then, 
  yeah we tried that , problem with that is that the fade is so that high res monitors do n't have a sudden cut to black , and by using css on the high res monitors it sticks to the left , defeating the purpose of having it, 
  so if there was a horrible and bloody war where you live , you 'd be an migrant worker if you tried to flee it ?
