  it 's not just today it 's for free , it 's now through to the physical release on the 13th of october, 
  u2 fan checking in . 
  i feel like there 's quite a few of us , but we hide for fear of the hivemind, 
  i do n't know about that - i 've just turned 18 . 
  i remember dad coming home having just bought * all that you ca n't leave behind * when i was a kid , but that 's it . 
  did n't really listen to any more of their stuff other than that , * rattle and hum * and * achtung baby * until a couple years ago , and now i have most of their discography, 
  i 'm sorry , i must have missed the part where you have to pay to sign up to itunes . 
  and us diameterites get both ? 
  i 'm not sure what other cost would apply to signing up for itunes, 
  i turned 18 a couple months back and just cast an early vote for the greens in my first election ever . 
  having the voting booths on campus definitely makes it a lot easier, 
  all it needs now is wile e. coyote to run into it , looks great !, 
  he 's really worried because attila is a notorious warmonger and attacks early with great unique units . 
  and he 's stuck on an island with him , meaning he has to fight him off with a smaller military most likely, 
  resenting being ruled by the english in chch ? 
  probably on a wall , most likely facing a street, 
  that sigh while looking right down the camera when they started arguing before the break was perfect, 
  is winston the other 1 % ? 
  if you 're using other mods , mada'in saleh and mesa verde make it even more insane , since they both add yields to desert tiles too, 
  author of the nazca here , i 'm out of the house at the moment but will give a direct link when i get back, 
  great initiative tpangolin , if you need any help running it let me know !, 
   since this is the first month , i 've chosen some of my favourite mods at the moment . 
  in the future though - the mods will be chosen via popular vote . 
  on the 1st of each month i 'll post a voting thread , and the most upvoted mods will win . 
  this is the only bit i 'm a bit uncertain about . 
  the goal of this should be to showcase mods people may have missed as well as the occasional popular ` definitive ' mod . 
  having people vote only ensures that mods which people already know about get featured , instead of featuring more unknown or less widely known mods , be that in the community as a whole or just on / r/civ . 
  maybe instead we separate the modded civ of the month out , even make it a modded civ of the week with a focus on other mods once a month ? 
  just because there are so many civ mods and they kind of form a separate type of modding from other add-ons ? 
  you still need to click on it to download it , right ? 
  yeah , but in your cloud and in your library are different things, 
  dammit china , i 've already told you once not to go and separate yourself from the planet . 
  what a time to be alive, 
  i like it - i do n't think it 's worth 5 stars since there are a couple of songs i 'm not too fond of ( song for someone seems a bit bland ) but barring that it 's a great album . 
  there 's no point having duplicates , so usually one is downvoted so that we do n't have two posts with the exact same thing at the top, 
  edit : wait , nevermind . 
  saw what you meant , and now agree with you, 
  i can see the advertising campaign now : * be healthy . 
  drink beer . 
  i must have missed the alcohol part , i never saw it in my news feed ( which was full of people throwing ice on their heads for about three weeks before the us started getting popular with it ), 
  they said it decreased , not increased, 
  w. . . wh ... what 's ^ the ^ difference ^ ? 
  if you do n't me asking , to whom ? 
  did n't fly on it , but have a vague memory of touring one years ago when it came into wellington - not sure if it 's the exact same one , but it was an air nz 747 , probably at least 14 years ago , probably 15 or 16, 
  i think it 's the romanticism of it - 747 's were * the * jet airliner , and brought about a new age of flying where you were n't necessarily cramped in like sardines . 
  people likely have a nostalgic view of that age , which is then linked with the 747 - talking badly about it in their mind talks badly about the entire age, 
  i like the sound of that, 
  ^ ^ ^ greece ? 
  ^ ^ ^ babylon ? 
  if you wanted to include modded civs too , then you 've got the kongo , about three more in west africa , kilwa sultanate , oman , the ayyubids , the garamantes and the boers , and soon there will be the ashanti too, 
  my brain hurts . 
  hey , i 'm a descendant of the british colonists too , but if they try to take us back i 'm going full braveheart on that shit . 
  what gave you that idea ? 
  you should spend some more time on / r/newzealand , pretty much everything is hard to detect possible sarcasm . 
  of course i have n't . 
  why would i have seen flight of the conchords ? 
  because [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vtamjzj ) is a godawful flag . 
  at the very least , you 'd have to centre it , but even then it looks [ a bit plain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gnegfcz.png ) . 
  i mean , you could make it sort of a [ tricolour with two colours ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eieo5ow.png ) which [ do n't even need to be red and blue ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yayy2po.png ) . 
  failing that of course , we could just become [ new prussia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nzgrrr2.png ), 
  * national has announced its education policy , saying that `` school sux '' and that the school day is to be dropped to three hours , including a one hour lunch break . 
  examinations are to be dropped , and instead students are to be given automatic excellence grades in exchange for voting national . 
  i agree with them , and have never called our prime minister ` donkey ' . 
  unidentified guest once or twice , but that was more of a humorous reference instead of a jab at him . 
  does that count ? 
  it 's secretly tamati coffey, 
  i think they 're being replaced with dreamliners, 
  huh , you 're right . 
  maybe it 's the 767s that are being replaced with the dreamliners ? 
  same here down in new zealand . 
  beautiful day friday and today , last night was cloudy and terrible . 
  poor penguins :(, 
  * gcsb anti-dissent determines the person you are trying to contact is a threat to national security and has blocked the communication in order to keep ordinary kiwis like you safe . 
  there 's still a bunch of the smaller regional crafts , but i miss the days when the in flight booklet would have a whole page full of the planes of their fleet, 
  i 'm holding out hope that once the baby boomers start to decline we 'll see a political shift, 
  no , i 'm pretty sure they still do , but now it wo n't have anywhere near as many planes on it . 
  used to be most current airbus and boeing models , now it 's just three and some small prop planes, 
  [ it 's extrapolating , but it 's not wrong ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/58/nz_govt_debt_1990-2011.svg/578px-nz_govt_debt_1990-2011.svg.png ), 
  i need to find me a soapbox . 
  i 've been wanting to try and do something about it but there 's no way to get an audience with the general populace . 
  maybe stuff nation ? 
  let the author know , he may be able to figure out what 's going wrong and fix it . 
  but then i have to talk and not just type :(, 
  i shall call it beef stew whale meat !, 
  but we 've already had the last crusade !, 
  i do n't want crusades to be like judith collins now . 
  is there any reason john key looks like richard nixon ? 
  yeah , but even with that he still looks like john . 
  here he 's got full nixon going on, 
  oh of course , because our dear leader could n't possibly lie to us !, 
  he 's an ordinary kiwi just like me , and some day i too may be able to live like my eternal prime minister in a hawaiian beach house !, 
  that part about nz , french nuclear testing and anti-apartheid was pure / r/frisson, 
   where will it be ? 
  `` i am a right wing conspiracy theorist politician who is anti-gay , ama ! '', 
  i think that would be even worse than here, 
  i feel like taking bets on how many insults john key slings tomorrow, 
  have you voted national already , and if not are you still planning on doing so ? 
  it could have something to do with spending two years cooped up inside an embassy, 
  well , she gives a shit about politics , so probably, 
  i think it 's c. ) all of the above,
