  getting rid of the - ers and just making it new zealand 's richest sounds better imo, 
  that 's the same with every party though , however it is more than what their current size would typically get, 
  * privatisation of state assets, 
  * opening up of conservation land to mineral resource exploration, 
  * exploration of privatisation in both prison and education sectors, 
  * slashing of public sector budgets and performance as a result, 
  * massive increase in housing unaffordability and homelessness, 
  * growth in wealth inequality, 
  the fact that our country is more stable than others does n't mean we should be complacent about politics or aspire to have such extremist elements within the political sphere . 
  it should mean that we 're in a position to actually work together to make the country a better place, 
  to be fair they 've both been in government this term too , have n't they ? 
  to be honest a round of my kid could draw that would probably have more substance, 
  simple solution is to just declare independence and have the venetian flag separate, 
  did someone say dakota ? 
  / r/malefashionadvice is your friend, 
  my favourite thing about that transcript is that he got an e in a course literally entitled `` labour economics '' - it could n't be set up any better, 
  god i miss the south coast, 
  i think living remotely with all the convenience of city living would be perfect, 
  rumour is about midday gmt on the 6th, 
  hans ... what if * we 're * the bad guys ? 
  i mean i 've got the i voted flair already so \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  did they jump in on ordinary love too ? 
  i thought they just did angel of harlem together ? 
  the whole way through the interview joyce was claiming that labour changed their story, 
  i remember that video now , every time since it first came out i just assume it 's edge and bono doing an acoustic version and forget about everything else, 
  i 'll give you $ 20 if you send those to stuff / newshub , not even joking, 
  yeah , it 's looking that way, 
  you 'll likely only see it as a weird moving cloud bank sort of thing if anything , we 're still a bit too far north to see any decent colour unfortunately . 
  add to that the full moon at the moment and it 's probably not worth it unless it 's a massive storm ( as in , threatening power grids massive ), 
  so , is it going to be a new song and an old song ( like on kimmel , and the last time they were on fallon ) or two new songs ? 
   it 's way different than blackout, 
  it 's still got a bit of that grunt in the verse with the guitar and drums being so pronounced , which is awesome, 
  i think people are being too harsh on them personally . 
  they 're not going to put out an album of bads and ones , this is still a pretty cool song, 
  what did you fail on the last two times ? 
  mine were stupid things too , i did n't slow down to 20kph going past a school bus or slow down to 30 to cross railway lines, 
  surely they need road signs to fail you on that though ? 
  that 's bullshit, 
  there 's absolutely a difference on which way you go in terms of scenery . 
  the west coast looks so much nicer going north to south than it does vice versa , and i 've heard passionate defences of the mackenzie country favouring either direction . 
  though i just realised you were talking about the islands ... 
  i 'd do the north island first because the scenery in the south wo n't ruin it then . 
  though that said i 'm pretty sure the desert road is better driving from south to north so yeah . 
  what 's the itinerary you 're working with ? 
   i 'm voting labour too . 
  why are n't * you * voting greens ? 
  oh man , that 's much more of an itinerary than we normally get here !, 
  south to north sounds like the better option here then , it wo n't make too much difference in the scheme of things . 
  if you were able to get to christchurch you could do both the west coast and lake tekapo as a round trip . 
  the east coast is n't really that interesting , kaikoura 's fantastic but may not be open yet due to the earthquake . 
  if it is i 'd strongly suggest going there on the way to the ferry instead of the inland route . 
  skyline is a good idea , there 's also the earnslaw if you want to do a bit of a tour of the lake but not a jetboat . 
  milford and doubtful are both amazing , doubtful is probably a 2 / 3 day trip though so i 'd probably stick to just milford if you 're pressed for time . 
   i did n't make it to abel tasman myself . 
  is there a good tour option that does n't require self-hiking/kaykaing/etc . ? 
  there are a fair few small tour operators and water taxi things you can take just to get a look around , but even beyond that i 'm assuming you 'll have a car , in which case you can just go for a drive up to kaiteriteri , pupu springs , farewell spit and so-on . 
   she is hesitant about helicopter ( never been ) - is there an option to visit the glaciers that does n't require dangerous hiking around on them ( but still be on/extremely close to them ? ), 
  there are scenic flights on planes too , or you can walk up to them from carparks . 
  it took me about 40 minutes one way , though that was when it was pissing down with rain . 
  [ this ] ( https://scontent.fwlg1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t31.0-8/16463020_1252715918143519_3835108318765029653_o.jpg?oh=9c3c349092f46bc5d0608ae65a22cfcc&amp;oe=5a534a20 ) is as close as you can get at franz from the carpark , though it 'd look better if the weather had n't packed in . 
  you get great views of it up the valley though and the valley itself is pretty cool . 
  helicopter is your best bet for sure though . 
   what could we do in wanaka area ? 
  i do n't know enough about wanaka other than it being a drive through between queenstown and the coast i 'm afraid . 
  arrowtown and the crown range are worth it for sure though . 
   what could we do in lake tekapo area if anything ? 
  never been ... 
  jan / feb not a lot . 
  you could go up to mt cook for the day , and if you 're willing to wait until like 10pm for it to get dark then there 's a great observatory tour up to mt john that 's run from the town . 
  there 's also generic hot pool stuff and so on . 
   anything else in the park to see/do that is n't too much hiking ? 
  iirc you can do a mini cruise thing on the glacial lake , but the park is pretty hiking-oriented, 
   is there a `` boat tour '' of the glow worm caves that is safe/doesn ' t require trekking ? 
  and is it still worth it at that point ? 
  not really , though all the walking is fairly safe and easy-going, 
   hot water beach, 
  keep in mind that you 're going at the height of summer and the majority of auckland will be in the coromandel , so expect this to be crowded . 
  i 'd strongly recommend the west coast of the south island if you 're not headed that way already , it 's fantastic over there, 
  i think it 's a bit gruntier than soi , and it has n't got that sterile overproduced feel about it , which i 'm happy about, 
  i 'd probably do it in the reverse - head from christchurch over to the coast , pop up to punakaiki for a night before heading down to queenstown , then back up through the middle to chch and up the east through kaikoura to picton ( and abel tasman ) , see my original comment about which direction roads look better driving . 
   what does one do in arrowtown/crown range ? 
  crown range / cardrona is mostly a drive through but with the scenery aspect . 
  you 've got to stop at the pub for a drink up there , but that 's about it . 
  it 's a gorgeous road though , well worth it . 
  arrowtown is mostly a big boutique shop , you can get 4wd tours into the wops from there that go to some of the lotr filming sites if you 're into that too . 
  beyond that it 's basically just the nicest looking little town the country has to offer, 
   simply ca n't do, 
  respond to messages on time !, 
   refuse to do ? 
  i 'm gon na second balchy and go with dance on this one, 
  yeah , you 'd stop off in chch again , but there 's very little overlap between the two - you can get away with just one intersection if you really want to , although a night in chch either side might not be a bad idea even if only to act as a rest stop, 
  i 'd probably do something like this :, 
  day 1 : chch , recover from jetlag , see earthquake stuff etc, 
  day 2 : chch - punakaiki, 
  day 4 : franz josef - queenstown, 
  day 5 : queenstown ( do touristy stuff , skyline etc ), 
  day 6 : queenstown ( arrowtown and maybe glenorchy , not that much there though unless you 're there for the races ), 
  day 7 : milford sound ( here you can do two things . 
  either do a day bus trip from queenstown and have all the driving and commentary and shit done for you , or go down to te anau for two nights and drive yourself up for the day . 
  this takes longer but means you 're able to get to milford earlier , miss all the tour buses and not have to jostle for photo ops .
