   can be recruited by : rome , athens , epirus , macedon , sparta , and syracuse, 
   whilst large-scale beekeeping for agricultural purposes was a later innovation , the humble honeybee nevertheless held an important place in ancient greek culture . 
  a trio of mythical nymphs , the thriae or ` bee maidens ' , were loved by apollo and poseidon , bearing their children . 
  bees also have a practical application in battle , as a swarm of angry bees will always cause troops to stall and panic . 
   \u2022 scorpion pot ballista, 
   can be recruited by : pontus , parthia, 
   home to the most lethal scorpions in the known world , whose sting can paralyse and kill a man within an hour , it was only a matter of time before a wily middle eastern general used them against his enemies . 
  spare a thought , then , for the roman emperor severus ; whilst besieging the parthian city of hatra , his army was showered with pots of scorpions from atop the city walls . 
  like trajan before him , severus failed to breach the defences , even after two attempts . 
   \u2022 snake pot ballista, 
   can be recruited by : carthage, 
   perhaps the most famous use of potted animals was hannibal barca 's tactic against the fleets of eumenes ii of pergamon . 
  hurling large clay pots full of venomous snakes onto the decks of eumenes ' ships ; he panicked the enemy fleet and won the day . 
  any unit struck by writhing , venomous snakes will pause to consider the wisdom of marching onwards !, 
   \u2022 camel cataphracts, 
   can be recruited by : parthia, 
   the roman general macrinus was not noted for his experience , although had another fought the battle of nisbis in 217 ad , it 's hard to imagine he 'd be any less stunned by the parthian cataphract camels fielded that day . 
  wearing coats of tough , yet flexible , scale-mail , they made an awesome and terrifying sight as they punched through the frontlines and spooked the roman horses with their camels ' earthy stench . 
   \u2022 celtic warhounds, 
   can be recruited by : iceni , cantiaci , caledones , demetae , dumnonii , brigantes , and ebdani, 
   dogs have always been useful for guard , patrol and scout work . 
  with skilled handlers they can also be used effectively on the battlefield . 
  attack dogs were specifically bred and trained to ignore the noise and chaos of combat . 
  the celtic tribes of the late iron age put them to great use . 
  their speed and ferocity made them ideal shock-troops , and perfect for running down fleeing stragglers . 
   \u2022 mercenary syrian armoured elephants, 
   can be hired as mercenaries in : dura , antioch , tyros , and palmeira, 
   indian elephants first came to the middle east when seleucus , one of alexander the great 's successors , invaded india in 305 bc . 
  500 war elephants were handed over as part of the peace treaty between the seleucid dynasty and the mauryans of india , and the seleucids went on to breed many more from this initial stock . 
  war elephants remained an important part of the seleucid army until their defeat by the romans at magnesia in 190 bc , following which they were forbidden from breeding more . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm overestimating how much work is involved in the industrialisation and development of a country , but ~ 20-30 years since the revolution for the ussr and ~ 80 years since the us civil war seems like a really short time for the two countries to become superpowers, 
  [ we even have fancy recruitment posters ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gbnet ), 
  the cfc war academy is a series of in-depth strategy articles aiming to provide coverage of strategies relating to a specific topic ( these topics cover pretty much every single thing in the entire game ), 
  or at least , that 's the goal . 
  the war academy is community driven , which causes a catch-22 in that we need people to be interested to write articles so that people get interested so that they write articles ... 
  it started off well with vanilla , but since the expansions came out has largely fallen by the wayside . 
  since bnw came out there 's only been a couple of new articles , if that . 
  which is why we 're calling for help . 
  we need people who would be willing to help out with the project - even if you do n't have time to write a full article , we need people who can comment on the draft proposals so that the published articles are the highest quality possible, 
  if this sounds like you , then joining is easy . 
  once you have an account at civfanatics , simply follow [ this link ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/profile.php?do=editusergroups ) and select *** civ5 war academy contributors *** from the list . 
  once you 're approved ( which should take less than 24 hours ) , you 'll have access to the [ war academy discussion forum ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/forumdisplay.php?f=434 ) where the magic happens . 
  i look forward to seeing you there , and if you have any questions i 'd be more than happy to answer them for you !, 
  be sure to also follow civfanatics on [ facebook ] ( https://www.facebook.com/civfanatics ) and [ twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/civfanatics ) for updates about the community and all it has to offer !, 
  for reference , the current five are the us , russia , france , britain and china , or the five ` most powerful ' countries when it formed, 
  i 've put peaceful in apostrophes because i 'm not sure it 's the right word . 
  but basically , in recent years most middle eastern countries have been on travel advisories , and you hear about car bombings , kidnappings and all that on the news . 
  while i 'm not going to generalise and say that that sort of thing is run-of-the-mill in the middle east , i 'm wondering if it was always dangerous , or if that 's come about more recently with the rise of islamist extremism after the end of the cold war ? 
  chopping the end off allows a larger hole for the air to escape , meaning that the balloon can slowly deflate quietly ( and in one piece ) instead of popping and having it go everywhere with a bang, 
  is fury actually dead ? 
  it seems to me like they could n't kill off such a major figure in the mcu in the show , ( which has n't affected the movies yet to my knowledge ? ), 
  but i have no idea because they keep saying `` fury 's dead '' `` oh wait , no he 's not '' `` yes , he is '' and so on, 
  i was looking up some stuff about mexican history , and came across the wikipedia page for the [ republic of the yucat\u00e1n ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_the_yucat%c3%a1n ) . 
  i already knew of some of the bigger ones ( republic of texas , upca , california and so on , but it seems there was also the rio grande , baja california and all sorts of other self-declared independent states . 
  my question is what these ` states ' were like , were they actually functional and potentially legitimate , or were they just a bunch of guys saying `` we 're independent now , too bad '' ? 
  oliver queen is the mayor in the comics , right ? 
  given the sudden opening of the position , i 'm thinking he gets elected or something as a way of honouring both moria and sebastian ( who was kind of good in the end ) and facilitating the rebuild to redeem his family 's name ? 
  i just bought a new toshiba satellite l50-a ( running windows 8.1 ) , with one of the points on most reviews as a positive being the good audio quality . 
  however , the audio quality overall is terrible , and the sound is very tinny . 
  it makes no difference whether it 's from itunes or youtube , nor does it make a difference whether i 'm using the speakers or headphones ( the headphones work perfectly on other devices , too ), 
  i 've tried playing around with the equaliser , which helps a tiny bit but it 's still really low quality . 
  the laptop has both realtek and nvidia sound managers , could it potentially be a conflict between the two ? 
  does anyone have any idea what would be causing the poor quality , and if so how to fix it ? 
  let me know if you need any more info, 
  was working fine earlier , then came back to play another round and it looked like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0jp636e.jpg ) - no timer or countdown , all the text was black and outlined only . 
  even the `` blue team wins '' at the end of it was just a thin black outline , not the whole text . 
  text on the overview screen ( when you press esc ) showed up fine , and the flag still showed up when someone caught it ( i tried to get a screenshot , but the others were n't buying it ), 
  i completely upgraded alexandria in my egypt campaign , but never got the rome was n't built in a day ( fully expand and upgrade a province capital . ), 
  achievement for it . 
  seems the issue surrounding the achievement was fixed with the second patch , but i 'm on patch 14 and it still did n't work . 
  any ideas ? 
  apologies if one of these has been done already , did n't see one so thought i 'd do it . 
  basically , what do you reckon 's going to be the result of the election ? 
  bragging rights go to whoever is closest, 
  i 've been last person alive about five times , but have never been able to run down the timer . 
  i think it 'd be a lot better if the axe went to anyone who 's the last person alive , instead of it being the only person alive at the end of the five minutes . 
  is there any reason for this ? 
  seems a bit odd given how many achievements there are in coh 2 already , and how there 's a precedent already for dlc to add achievements . 
  edit : probably should have clarified , i meant popular amongst the soldiers while serving in vietnam , so that being associated with the war is reasonably realistic . 
  but i suppose tastes would have been similar both in america and with those serving , so either works, 
  map : http://maps.jukejuice.com/save/5678#, 
  this was the result of wanting to try a pinball style map out , and about a couple hours to make the map , followed by a bit more polishing . 
  still not sure how to make some portals one-way , so for the moment the top four just do n't lead anywhere . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oxfrohl.png ) a map of which teleports lead where , which kind of shows their purpose . 
  they ca n't be used to move down the map , instead they help clear the flag or give some breathing room . 
  the current map of control in libya is roughly [ this ] ( https://pietervanostaeyen.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/2000px-libya.png ) , so i 'm imagining either libyan dawn 's controlled area breaking off or a standard east/west split , potentially with the tuaregs too . 
  but up to you , i guess, 
  i do n't know what they 're actually called , but yeah , seems weird having blue and red balls leave green splats when they die, 
  we 've been getting some bad scenarios again ( alien tech ? 
  gay popin sex ? 
  come on . ), 
  so i thought i 'd go with a broad and simple prompt . 
  write out the chain of events that lead up to and consist of the collapse of the country of your choice , or their balkanisation into a bunch of smaller states, 
  i 've created a pinball style map , which requires the launchers to have permanent boosts in them , but i have no idea how to do this . 
  anyone able to lend a hand ? 
  seems like a fitting sendoff . 
  every week when top gear would normally air we rewatch one of the specials , starting right from the first one ( us or winter olympics ? ), 
  and have a discussion thread like we do for new episodes ? 
  as far as i know , the only sources we have on cyclopes are from greek accounts , which are inherently going to be biased due to the nature of their encounter . 
  do we have any accounts from the cyclopean side of the conflict that help to provide a more balanced view ?
