  exploited by foreign investment , then leaves the country in ruins and rife with corruption when they leave ? 
  yeah nah that 's fine , i 'll sort out the flairs when i 'm more sober tomorrow or something . 
  need to get a squid for someone too , i think we were going to go with the one from / u/paulfknwalsh 's mural for it ( actually if you 're any decent with graphics scraping that might be a good idea since i 'll just do a rubbish botched job of it ), 
  non-regional subreddits will probably go in a page on the wiki , with maybe a few on the sidebar itself . 
  regional subreddits can still go on the map as-is , the star just goes in the middle of the region - hawkes bay and bay of plenty are already on the map, 
  pls, 
  but what if the bison penis is served with the bison 's potatoes mashed ? 
  either we work for the same franchise or it 's uniform across the industry , we 've gone so far as to limit them to 10 per customer per day, 
  that reminds me , read links on the new css are n't purple , they 're grey . 
  i think we should go back to purple, 
  true, 
  true, 
  are we talking highest common or highest ever ? 
  because like america used to have a 1000 dollar note and it 's still legal tender but it 's not one of the proper notes anymore, 
  false, 
  false, 
  true, 
  true ( unless you 're talking about native robots and not earth invaders , in which case probably false but the universe is a big place so i 'd probably go with true based on probability anyway so true ), 
  true, 
  true ? 
  true, 
  false, 
  take a trip over to te puke and visit the kiwifruit place ? 
  well yeah , but there could still be a large note which is n't common usage . 
  i 'm gon na say true for # 3 and # 7, 
  working mainly , although i 'm trying to sort out a road trip with mates in january, 
  iirc the soldier that was killed was a sniper , and the guy in the suit was from his unit or something, 
  so that you 're stopping people from using you as a supplier for their own businesses , but you 're still allowing for normal customers to come in and buy them as gifts even if they have lots of people to buy for . 
  same reasoning behind stores saying `` limit 1 per customer '' on stuff during sales, 
  went to three schools , two primary and one secondary . 
  all public co-ed , i think deciles 9 , 8 , and 7 . 
  first primary was awesome , really cool feel to it and super involved community - working bees would get pretty much the whole valley coming out to help - and had heaps of different nationalities without any of the prejudice stuff normally associated with it . 
  every year we 'd have a food thing on a summer evening and you 'd get all the different families coming down and setting up stalls with their traditional food as a fundraiser , same thing with the school fairs - the principal would give motorcycle rides round the field as an attraction . 
  he 'd also show up in hawaiian shirts on friday and blare music out his window . 
  there were overnight marae trips every other year , which alternated with a ` space camp ' where we 'd stay overnight at school and have people from the observatory come out with telescopes and show us all about space . 
  there was a real cross-section of society too , just as much as we had that whole community approach and multicultural / polynesian influence , we also had kids of prominent nzers and fancy art auctions as fundraisers . 
  every day after school the teachers would be out talking to parents and all that sort of thing . 
  second primary was pretty much the complete opposite , and i 'd say reflects the move to christchurch just as much as the first one reflects wellington . 
  majority of the school were wasps ( or maybe wasa , but that 's getting into religious discussions which are a whole other kettle of fish . ), 
  there was religious education during class and a whole chunk of casual racism . 
  school community was barely involved , teachers would hide in the classrooms or staffroom so they did n't have to interact with parents and they did n't have anything close to a fair until mum came in and sorted them out . 
  was very firmly pakeha too , the only extent of biculturalism or presence of maori culture was a maori guy coming round once a year and showing us how to use a taiaha . 
  third school was closer to the first , you had a much wider cross section of society due to the catchment area and had a lot more polynesian and asian students than school 2 did . 
  the teachers were really involved and passionate about their subjects , involvement of maori was better than school 2 but worse than school 1 . 
  lots of extracurricular options for all students though , tons of sport but also academic stuff like debating . 
  there were a couple international trips too , languages would go to japan or france while geography and history could go to vietnam . 
  it was the biggest of the three schools but still small enough that you 'd know pretty much everyone in your year by the end of it . 
  i 'd say this one and school 1 were miles better than school 2 , but that 's probably just because i hate arrogant so-and-sos, 
  i 'd almost suggest only spending two days in tauranga and adding a night in rotorua instead - as well as the luging there 's a bunch of other stuff to do in the area which could easily fill up the time . 
  the area is the most geologically active in the country , meaning you 've got a lot of geothermal areas with hot springs , geysers , mud pools etc , some of which are set up as day spas if you like that sort of thing . 
  it 's also a good place to get an idea of ` traditional ' maori culture ( even though it 's set up as a tourist attraction and is n't an actual village . ), 
  there 's also a bunch of lakes in the area ( the name rotorua means two lakes ) , one of which ( lake tarawera ) is the site of a huge volcanic eruption back in 1886 which destroyed the [ pink and white terraces ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pink_and_white_terraces ) and buried nearby villages . 
  you could probably even shoot down to spend a day or two in wellington , although that 'd mean a hell of a lot more driving ( roughly 650km or 8 hours non-stop each way ) - it 'd probably be worth it , but i love wellington so i 'm biased in that regard . 
  alternatively you could also drive round northland a bit more , it 's probably a bit more rural ( for lack of a better word ) than most of the country but there are some decent attractions up there , though i have n't been myself yet . 
  this is a really happy song , wow, 
   speed cameras are set to a tolerance of 10km/h over the limit , some might be at 5kmh . 
  doing 61km/h in a 50km/h area or 111km/h in a 100km/h area will get to a ticket, 
  as a bit of an expansion to this , during holiday periods this sometimes drops to 5kph . 
  if you 're coming out now you should be fine since afaik there 's not another proper holiday road period until christmas , but it 's still worth keeping in mind, 
  yeah , but i 'd say the ones in rotorua are more accessible and specifically cater to tourists, 
  it 's awesome up there . 
  i went up back in 2010 on the day of warbirds over wanaka , was amazing being there in the middle of nowhere with ruined buildings and having raaf fighter jets flying over, 
  i 've got one on the 10th , which would imply that they go to the 14th at the earliest, 
  titanic 8 : we should probably stop calling ships * titanic *, 
  nah , secret societies and all that is starting to get into national treasure territory . 
  i liked the use of biblical legend for the setting of raiders and the last crusade , and the whole lost city thing worked for crystal skull , but they 're all fairly ancient stuff . 
  going modern with secret societies and corruption changes the films completely , and while it could work if done properly in place of the commie-nazis i 'd still prefer it on a global scope in the 30s, 
  he could pull it off if he was snr . 
  in the movie , like connery was in the last crusade . 
  do n't know if they 'd pass the baton to shia though given the average response to crystal skull, 
   they 're like `` driver chooses , no skips '' . 
  god , even if it was my music i 'd probably skip every other song, 
  i hear they like that sort of thing there, 
  should n't we eat the people that want to eat people , so that we have less people wanting to eat us and thus a better chance of survival ? 
   just one of upwards of 300,000 possible flags new zealanders will be able to vote for in november 's referendum . 
  please , get your facts right . 
  at most there are just over 1200 options ( 6 ^ 4 . ), 
  come on civilian , get it right . 
  how would dole pineapple feel about this ? 
  dunedin to queenstown seems an odd route to roll out though - it 's not like it 's a long and difficult road journey , it 'd probably take much the same time as it does to drive when you factor in everything on either side, 
  okay , so i do n't know how bad your colourblindness is so this may not help at all , but it 's worth a shot imo . 
  i 'm going off the assumption that you can see the lines but have no idea which one is which . 
  just off the coast of vietnam , below the parcel island speech bubble you 've got the two lines which start there . 
  the one which goes down past vietnam in a sort of reverse s shape which goes all the way around the spratlys and right up to the senkaku islands is china , so they 're literally claiming all of it . 
  the other one which sort of goes in a nice loop up and around parcel and spratly is vietnam . 
  then by where vietnam finishes down off the coast of malaysia there are a the two more which start . 
  the one which goes in a nice little circle just around the spratlys is malaysia , while the one which goes up a bit further and around to scarborough shoal is the philippines ' claim . 
  japan 's only involvement is their little circle around the senkaku islands up the top , while taiwan 's claim has the three straight lines and goes down around macclesfield bank and scarborough shoal . 
  hope that helped , let me know if i screwed up or whatever, 
  oh , i was assuming the quadrants had to be the same , like the bottom right always had to be one of the bottom right quadrants . 
  i also included the original flag , which in this case gives 24 ^ 4 , which gives a result of 331,776 . 
  so i guess they did fact check , assuming this is the case, 
  it 'd be a lot easier just to set it up to vote on each quadrant , could probably fit each one onto one page meaning you 'd need just four pages instead, 
  any word on when the 100 % hours are going to be ? 
  i 've got an exam on saturday and work on sunday and i do n't want to miss it like last weekend, 
  yo / u / - halcyon and / u/dirtyformal , we should include a cultural exchange flair for the new css . 
  / u/baraka _ bama , you still doing the / r/nz recommends posts ? 
  is this the exchange thread ? 
  anyone want to give me a hand translating this ? 
  i feel like the first and last words are right,
