  i remember last time there was talk of extending it to the east and having it the whole of europe , would that still be something you were interested in doing ? 
  if we get another us + europe tour before they come to the rest of the world i 'm going to be so pissed off, 
  volcano, 
  a symbol and a seal are pretty different though . 
  india 's flag would look much worse if [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/55/emblem_of_india.svg/603px-emblem_of_india.svg.png ) were in the middle instead , or if argentina had [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/coat_of_arms_of_argentina.svg/744px-coat_of_arms_of_argentina.svg.png ) on it . 
  move the eagle slightly to the right and shift the three centre stars to the left of it ? 
  i do n't mind the one in the op as a design , but i do think there 's something to be said about the current flag . 
  it 's iconic af , i do n't think you 'd get any other flag with nearly as much associated with it ( maybe the union jack ? ), 
  sunrises you get stuff like op 's photo more , but sunset can get pretty intense . 
  if we 've got a nor ` wester and the arch is just right then you 'll get times where the whole area is literally covered in golden light , it 's really eerie and freaks you out if you 're not used to it . 
  we had some planes coming back up from the ice a couple years ago in it and got some awesome shots of them coming in against the sunset clouds, 
  for real . 
  we went when i was a kid and you could do a half hour walk and be amongst icebergs with the glacier face in full view ; went back earlier this year and it was twice that , a scramble up the morraine and even then you could only see a bit of it, 
  what ? 
  regardless of what happens , i want their final show to close with 40, 
   and then man and the final tour in 2025 and 2026 when they 're 65 . 
  what 's this man album everyone 's talking about ? 
  oh lol , that 's kinda cool . 
  i thought there was a legit rumour about a lost album or something, 
  removing this , it 's essentially an ad, 
  maori 's on track to win 2 electorates i thought ? 
  which article was that ? 
  deal . 
  are there no kapa haka groups or something to that regard ? 
  we 've considered it , but since it 's only possible as a css solution it does n't really do much to fix the issue, 
  removed under rule 5, 
  yeah there were about three or four all within a few seconds of each other , i just went by whatever had the most comments, 
  has bono just confirmed the opener ? 
  do n't forget smash hits beautiful day ( do n't let it get away ) , if you walk away i will follow , and i ca n't live with or without you, 
  pfft , as if we have n't got automod doing the heavy lifting, 
  we did full contact at school , we just had to yell out a code word if someone saw the teachers coming, 
  unless it 's so close there 's two weeks of scrambling until specials come in, 
  going down to the student pub and watching the results come in with a bunch of other politics people, 
  yeah , i like it . 
  it 's no longer a contest of parties or whatever , it 's a day for the people of the country to get together and exercise their rights, 
  there are a few , http://newslink.nz looks like it 'll be pretty good, 
  radio new zealand ? 
  gaslight anthem 's changing of the guards is legit , there 's a few great covers on that album actually, 
  all of our parties are fairly left wing - national ( our major centre-right party ) is probably around where the democrats are , maybe slightly further left . 
  gay marriage was passed under them , they 've reformed the welfare system and there 's a euthanasia bill currently on the cards ( though the leader of national has come out against it ) . 
  act is a one-seat party who is probably the only one you could say is classically liberal , outside of one electorate in auckland they have no influence whatsoever ( although the euthanasia bill is actually his ), 
  the rest of our parties are further left , labour ( major centre-left ) and the greens ( smaller left wing environmental / progressive ) are both hovering around bernie on the spectrum , with labour about half way between there and the democrats and greens about the same as bernie . 
  nz first is the outlier , they 're normally hovering above the political spectrum going wherever the fuck they want . 
  immigration is very right wing , but other policies are more on the left . 
  it 's basically a party around the personality of winston peters , one of the longest-serving politicians in the country and about 20 years past the point of giving a fuck . 
  he 's the smarmy son-of-a-bitch who gets to decide who can govern after saturday 's results, 
  that 's a bit disingenuous though - voting for parties and a pointless and dangerous referendum designed to further marginalise an already marginalised group are two completely different things, 
  get in touch with vice , at the very least they 'll tell you where to go and give you a camera, 
  fuck hayfever so damn much . 
  have n't stopped sneezing all day . 
  you 're missing an [ before forest and bird, 
  too late, 
  most of the country did n't get colour tv until the mid 70 's , there 's a good chance parliament did n't have colour cameras at this point, 
  had a tough time wording the question to try and avoid people just saying 9/11 or anything , so this is pretty much any non terrorist / plane falling out of the sky situation which has been the worst one you 've faced on the job . 
  edit : apparently my question is confusing , so i 'll try to make it clearer . 
  aside from the obvious cases of a bad day on the job ( 9/11 , plane crash ) what 's the worst situation you 've faced while working for the airline , customer related or otherwise ? 
  had the laptop ( dell xps l502x ) for a while now ( c. april 2011 ) , issue only started in earnest last november . 
  basically , although the system specs of the system are well within the specs required for the games , after a period of playing video games ( such as civilization v , any recent total war game , portal 2 etc. ), 
  that can vary between 5 minutes and a couple hours , the system shuts down . 
  sound and frame rate lag completely , takes about five seconds for one frame / note change and i have to do a manual shutdown . 
  tried re-installing windows etc , did n't fix the issue . 
  i think it may be an overheating issue , since propping the laptop up on breath mint containers to allow for more airflow underneath initially fixed the issue , but it comes back fairly quickly . 
  neighbourhood pc shop guy does n't think it 's a ram issue ( which was my first guess ) , so any advice from you lot would be greatly appreciated . 
  specs are [ here ] ( http://www.cnet.com/laptops/dell-xps-l502x-15/4507-3121_7-34748724.html ) ( with the exception of the graphics card being a nvidia gt 540m ) and if any other specs are needed i can look them up . 
  ^ ^ hopefully ^ ^ i 've ^ ^ done ^ ^ this ^ ^ right, 
  okay , so first of all sorry for the title . 
  my situation is horribly complicated and i was having trouble putting it into short form . 
  any advice is appreciated :, 
  so first thing 's first . 
  last year , was on a school trip to japan . 
  during said trip , became very close with one of the girls ( first one in title ) . 
  over the course of 20 days , there were about 80 times when it was just us , including whole afternoons walking around kyoto and nagasaki . 
  i meant to say something after the trip , but did n't see her for a while and eventually ` got over ' her . 
  fast forward 10 months and we start seeing each other around the place , talking and so on . 
  feelings came back , and ended up asking her out , to which she said yes . 
  a couple weeks before that , however , another girl told me she liked me . 
  i did n't feel the same way , but valued her as a friend so tried to turn her down politely . 
  she took this as me feeling the same way , and preceded to tell people that i had feelings for her . 
  in response , i told her more directly that i did not , which she took as an attention ploy on my part . 
  as it turns out , the two girls were friends , and on the night after asking the first one out , the second one was talking to her about guys , and confessed that she liked me . 
  first girl felt guilty and told the second girl what had happened . 
  girl # 2 assumed the relationship was also an attention ploy , and began to talk to my friends about it ( most of whom did n't know ) and how the whole thing was rubbish and i did n't actually have feelings for the first girl . 
  this lead to another ` discussion ' in which i confronted the second girl about what she had been doing , including mentioning that one of her friends had screen-grabbed a conversation between them online and showed me ( to which she claimed said friend had edited facebook 's code to change her words ), 
  at the same time , the second girl decided to change her relationship status to ` in a relationship ' . 
  given the circumstances , it was assumed it was me and led to a lot of questions from friends and the first girl . 
  it turned out the change was just an attention ploy , with a self-righteous post following the day after about how people care more about relationships than syria etc. 
  this continued , and then at about a week from asking the first girl out ( still before first date as i was going for license test the day after ) she decided she felt too guilty and would prefer not to start anything yet . 
  i was naturally disappointed , but took it well and was understanding of her situation . 
  i do n't like calling it a relationship since we did n't even go on a date , so i try to avoid that . 
  post being turned down , second girl continues accusing me of `` complex mind games '' to get her attention . 
  she then gives me a letter , signed and all , detailing her side of the story in a page-long sentence . 
  she continued to talk negatively about me behind my back to my friends , which led to two of them having a ` talk ' to her ( which they referred to as an intervention ) . 
  this , in addition to another ` discussion ' with her on my part , caused her to claim that she had gotten over me . 
  when i was talking to the first girl she said that we should still give it time , as the she believed the second girl still had feelings for me , whether she knew it or not . 
  the day after the second girl admitted she did , and the day after that she told me that `` we should just stop trying '' and that she was throwing out anything we 'd had . 
  since then she has cut all communication with me and my friends . 
  so basically , i need advice on what i should do now . 
  i would like to try and get together with the first girl , but i 'm not sure if it 's too soon or if she wants to or anything like that . 
  i also do n't know what i should do about the second girl , since that seems to have been a major wedge between myself and the first girl . 
  i can clear stuff up if necessary or provide more information if needed .
