  who the hell invited those dawn of war guys anyway ? 
  this was supposed to be a coh vs tw grudge match, 
  i only had one other guy in my car , so there was still room for more anyway . 
  ^ ^ ^ everyone ^ ^ ^ else ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ scared, 
  as long as he knows how to find south using the southern cross , we just made up something that sounded right, 
  ever considered doing a seminar / tutorial thing on post-processing , since that seems to be almost just as important as the photography side of things ? 
  sign up for the uc health centre , free doctor 's visits and all that shit . 
  i 'd also suggest looking for a new job now , it 's much easier while you still have one ( assuming that 's what the talk is about ), 
  both us and gears of war were on 130 % last night , so if this is true then it just confirms the fucking thing is rigged, 
   it 's only who wins . 
  and given the past three it 'll be anyone but us regardless of how much we fight for it, 
  whatever the other third wheel was, 
  i figured she was going to be part of the nola team before they introduced percy, 
  yeah , i picked up on that . 
  not sure if it was actually something or tony just looking for dirt on mcgee though, 
  iirc , we used to have it as local only but it changed recently to any new zealand retailer , so it 's quite possible that the guy in the shop did n't know it had changed or had forgotten or something . 
  the biggest caveat you 're likely going to face is that the product has to be in stock at both places , so if you go into our store because the other one is sold out they may put up a bit of a fuss , depending on the size of the discount ( dick smith 's 10 % off macs absolutely killed us ), 
  pretty sure it only changed recently from local to nationwide , could just be someone missed the memo, 
  i 'm all for reparations to try and uphold the treaty of waitangi and right some of the wrongs that were committed against the various iwi , be that financial , returning land , or some other form . 
  but to come in and say `` nah give us that '' after a nationwide and citizen funded drive to make the beach publicly owned through doc just reeks of opportunistic scavenging of land , and an attempt to take advantage of goodnatured people who pledged money to have it public land . 
  if the drive was instead `` make the land iwi owned '' i doubt you would have reached nearly as much, 
  the reason you never see any discount off mac and apple products ( and why all the interest free deals say `` excludes apple and gaming consoles '' ) is that there is so little margin in selling apple products that we pretty much buy them from apple at the same price we sell them . 
  when we were having to price match 10/11/12 % off a mac , we were essentially losing $ 200 on each sale . 
  would n't have helped over the holiday , harvey norman and pb tech were both doing 11 or 12 % off macs too, 
  time for another tune thursday - since summer is almost at an end , we 're looking for summer songs today . 
  something that you 'd listen to when you 're our on your deck in the warm weather , enjoying a beer after a long day . 
  spotify playlist is [ here ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/pouakai/playlist/6zez5vxr0uoi0bvdypyu1b ), 
  how long until the biscuits are on sale again ? 
  i need my fix, 
   i 'm sure it was a significant blow to her ego but i doubt she was actually considering doing it . 
  i dunno , having not seen the transcript there was an awful lot of horrible things being said about her as soon as she lost . 
  could have easily been more than just the loss that made her consider it, 
  oh fuck yes, 
  added both, 
  god , santeria is perfect on days like that . 
  added both, 
  added all of those ones, 
  pffft , only 3.7 ? 
  do n't think i 'd wake for a 4.7 now, 
  how much is in a carton ? 
  added it, 
  hah , definitely fits the theme i suppose - added them both, 
  added the first one , let me know if you have any suggestions for the others, 
  added both, 
  but that 's just the same as a normal sign then , and people do n't seem to mind at the moment, 
  i 'd want to hear the full response if you still have it, 
  oh right , forgot about that . 
  surely it would n't be too difficult to have a little solar powered spotlight on it ? 
  you realise there are more busses south of the bombay hills , right ? 
  how soon until your first liquor store run ? 
  make sure to post drunken ramblings in the pm thread, 
  i love flying , personally . 
  being able to sit up amongst the clouds watching the world go by is just so fucking cool , especially once you drown out all the usual complaints with noise cancelling headphones . 
  better bloody well be if we got sir ritchie, 
  that 's why i call you hans , it sounds better, 
  moving to the moon ? 
  shit , if he played like he did today he 'd be able to nearly get that in an odi, 
  damnit , really wish i was able to have come to the other meetup now . 
  examples always help, 
  leugi did a pretty damn awesome cuba already, 
  might still give you a head start on it though if you were to try picking it up ? 
  yeah fair enough . 
  i can normally cobble together something if i really have to , but i normally make about twenty errors and just do n't have the time to learn it proper . 
  can you please say `` chur '' when someone gives you something or whatever , and report back with the response ? 
  have n't actually done one , but i live through other people doing it and always look into them . 
  i 'd suggest emirates on the way over - the christchurch-london route stops off in sydney , bangkok and dubai while the auckland-london route only stops off in australia and dubai ( the australia stopover is optional too , you can fly direct from march on a 17 hour marathon flight . ), 
  dubai is a pretty cool stopover if you have the money for it , plus there are some fucking amazing driving roads if you 're a petrolhead . 
  most flights from dubai into europe are direct too , but if you have time ( and the money ) a flight to istanbul and train through europe would be cool . 
  from the uk , wow airlines does real cheap flights to the states and canada via iceland , which is a neat stopover . 
  then you just hop across there and island hop back to nz - not one of the round the world tickets per se , and probably a damn sight more expensive , but it 's something i want to do at the very least, 
   14 teenagers ( 5 drunk ), 
  this ratio seems a little low, 
  i 've heard that flying westward lowers the severity of the jetlag , which might be a consideration . 
  though air new zealand is flying the dreamliner over to the states , which helps a whole heap more than the direction of travel . 
  to be fair , some of the cheap and early hdmi cables struggle with 4k content . 
  it 's no reason to buy an $ 80 one over a $ 30 one , but it 's a reason to avoid the $ 5 one . 
  that said , i thought the chromecast plugged straight into the hdmi port . 
  or at least the first one did . 
  makes me wish i went to a hall , feel like i 'm missing all the fun, 
  oh absolutely , my loan is probably about 1/3 the size it would be if i 'd gone to a hall , but i dunno . 
  still feel like i 'm missing out, 
  try [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi6trtbzumm ) - slightly different as it 's not so much a war haka as a funeral one , but gives a bit more of an idea of what it 's like when it 's more than fifteen or so sports players, 
  did you get education discount ? 
  god yes , go with this awesome retrofuturistic vibe . 
  would be so fucking cool, 
  probably should have added a question mark to the title , i got all excited for a second there, 
   if he does n't have a career-ending scandal . 
  non-american here , has he managed to pull through the broken record thing from that debate ? 
  you know the recording is n't a real person , right ? 
  i love internal politics , provided i can steer clear of the brunt of it, 
  not in the sidebar , but it can probably go in the wiki once that 's more updated, 
  i thought a powder room was a separate thing , like for doing up makeup when you have people round or whatever . 
  maybe use ` loo ' instead ? 
  clearer than saying bathroom , but not as blunt as ` toilet ', 
  just say no ? 
  for fucks sake , changing the title does n't make it editorialised . 
  adding opinion does, 
  i had a history course in first year where the lecturer wrote the textbook and uploaded the whole thing to the course page, 
  good job , have some gold . 
  might have saved someone 's life today,
