  as for that post , my comment was in reply to the user above me ignoring the fact that labour had a leadership change which accounted for their rise in the polls . 
  it was n't a political bias comment in any way, 
  more like cautiously optimistic breathing out, 
  pffft , there are n't any cops here . 
  we 're all totally legit people who definitely are n't looking for admissions of illegal behaviour . 
  nope , not at all, 
  i 'd have thought it 'd be bigger in welly ? 
  in one poll maybe , but it definitely was n't consistent, 
  edit : for context the post above was talking about the left being above national before bill took over, 
  removing this under rule 6, 
  this puts the left quiet a bit ahead of national does n't it ? 
  quick reminder that we 're looking for some new mods - feel free to shoot us a modmail and throw your hat into the ring, 
  because you 'd be too focused on dancing along ? 
  how do you find the ones that are n't daredevil ? 
  i enjoyed season 1 of daredevil and jessica jones , but season 2 of daredevil almost felt like a chore, 
  37 +8 is 45 , which is 5 % ahead of national and outside the margin of error . 
  winnie 's still kingmaker but it could easily change, 
  oh good , * this * term again . 
   researchers who study extremist groups in the united states say there is no such thing as the `` alt-left . '' mark pitcavage , an analyst at the anti-defamation league , said the word had been made up to create a false equivalence between the far right and `` anything vaguely left-seeming that they did n't like . '', 
  i was about to get annoyed until i saw it was satire . 
  conservatism in the same place as socialism ? 
  they 're more comparable to the centre left , surely ? 
  quick , someone post it to / r/oldschoolcool for the karma, 
  no politics, 
  depends , can you afford a house there ? 
   tenure may not `` mean shit '' to you but it does to some of the mods . 
  we 're not going to give you leeway because you 've been here a long time . 
  as for the submission , it could go either way but it 's removed now so just accept it and move on, 
  unless those 34 % voting for dunne were all national supporters voting for him the same way they do in epsom, 
  bit early for the 2017 rankings is n't it , if the news about december is true ? 
  that said , of course i 'm going to go and create a ranking too :, 
  the joshua tree, 
  zooropa, 
  all that you ca n't leave behind, 
  no line on the horizon, 
  war, 
  rattle and hum, 
  boy, 
  the unforgettable fire, 
  how to dismantle an atomic bomb, 
  october, 
  songs of innocence, 
  pop, 
  original soundtracks 1, 
  that was harder than i thought . 
  albums 2-6 could probably be interchanged depending on my mood , as could 4-9 . 
  there 's a pretty big gulf between 11 and 12 too, 
  removed under rule 6, 
  it was n't the greens, 
  first one is across dunedin and otago in 11 years , then two more total eclipses across the middle of the north within the next decade !, 
  that sucks , sorry to hear what you 're going through . 
  if you ever need someone to vent to i 'm pretty much always online, 
  but is there one disproportionately awarded contracts , and are there any links between their shareholders / directors and campaign donations ? 
  be nice . 
  got a message from a really good friend of mine the other day telling me about her new job , then just casually mentioned that it was in preparation for her parents splitting after both her mum and sister tried to commit suicide . 
  i have no fucking clue how to respond , wish i could be there for her but she 's on the other side of the country and i do n't know anyone up there i could call on to look out for her, 
   10 cent a litre figure some suggested, 
  jesus christ , is that really what they 're up in arms about ? 
  i have n't seen that sort of figure anywhere, 
  we played poi e five times in a row the other day to fuck with someone , it was great, 
  so , had a lengthy phone call today with the friend from the am thread . 
  long story short , it 's everything i mentioned and more , and there was all this stuff i 'd never even heard before about her being checked in under the mental health act for a bit and lots of other shit . 
  i feel so powerless being down here while she 's up in auckland , no idea what to do . 
  not since australia took away their self-governance afaik, 
  are you talking about the symbols and numbers or that if you sub them back in it still spells bullhsit ? 
  click the flair , it 'll be a bit iffy since it uses the search function but should work, 
  slowly expanding our reach over zealandia . . 
  slight issue with that itinerary is that the coast road north of kaikoura is n't currently open , and has n't been since we had an earthquake in november last year . 
  it 's supposed to be open by christmas , but if not you may need to change that portion of your trip, 
  oh yeah i know , i was just meaning this instance, 
  i 've eliminated every incorrect party, 
  whichever party has been guessed that i have n't ruled out, 
  rough exam yesterday - i 'll be happy if i pass it to be honest . 
  we all went to the nearest pub afterwards to drown our sorrows , but i had to bail and get to work so it was n't quite as effective as i 'd hoped . 
  woke up today with a really sore eye too , dunno what happened since it 's usually the good eye, 
  i 'm assuming the colours etc, 
  this is the first i 'm hearing of it, 
  national, 
  i live in the second biggest ( might be third now ) city in new zealand - you can drive half an hour out of town and you can see a big band of stars across the sky . 
  you ca n't see all the cloud type bits in op 's photo ( the white and brown in the galaxy ) but you just see a whole host of stars . 
  it still has n't gotten old yet , i get goosebumps every time i go out there, 
  i do n't think the correct term is * dream *, 
  jesus christ , that 's about enough of that, 
  both of you calm down now, 
  what 's terrifying to you about it ? 
  i love long haul flights , provided it 's a decent company which gives legroom, 
  i 'm down in chch - you could still get it driving out of auckland , though you 'd probably want to be a bit further out . 
  [ this map ] ( https://www.lightpollutionmap.info/#zoom=9&amp;lat=-4427560&amp;lon=19427936&amp;layers=b0tfffffff ) is a good guide , you 'd need to be almost out round piha to get a dark sky, 
   in the dining room . 
  hair 's long enough to wear in a ponytail , checks out, 
  it 'd be the only reason he 'd announce it at such a weird time , to try and get out in front of it, 
  edit : apparently this was newshub and not newsroom 's one, 
  reminds me of the [ war room in dr. strangelove ] ( http://i.vimeocdn.com/video/521369234_1280x720.jpg ) with the lighting, 
  nah , it 's not . 
  article says he was contacted by newshub, 
  it 's not, 
   winston peters has admitted having to pay back a pension overpayment , ** after being contacted by newshub . 
  does n't seem to have newsroom anywhere near, 
  and whoever said ubi was n't a thing, 
  we got fibre about a week or two ago , and ever since upgrading the router my internet randomly cuts out for about half a minute or several times a night .
