  troubles i agree with , but never really been a fan of slabt, 
  i think she 's realising that , and that she does n't mind it . 
  i kind of feel like neither of the two want to leave , but both think the other one does, 
  i dunno , i think a sort of `` they 're lucky to have someone like you '' would be normal , could have been a poorly construed version of that, 
  either you have a completely messed up political spectrum or you have no idea what either of those things are, 
  what was the ending ? 
  my recording cut out with a shot of philip 's legs just after he walked up the stairs, 
  cool , thanks - this adds to my theory that they want out , but do n't actually want to admit that they want to stay in america, 
   then they sit there in heavy silence looking broken down as shit as the scene ends . 
  why did i expect any different , cheers !, 
  i hope so , it 'd be such a great song . 
  even if it were just acoustic like they soundchecked before zootv , there 's so many ways you could do it . 
  20 here , i listen to them a hell of a lot - it 's become a bit of a joke at work . 
  from what i 've heard from talking to people , it 's a mix of the itunes thing , getting shitty at bono for his humanitarian shit ( which i do n't understand at all , like fuck someone for wanting to do good , right ? ), 
  and then just bandwagoning because `` dae u2 is shit '' and because south park made it cool to hate them, 
  well that site certainly does what it says on the tin, 
  watch out , or i 'll call 94 ( a ) on you, 
  been diagnosed with some sort of ear infection called labyrinthitis , which is an absolute bitch not because it hurts ( it does n't ) but it completely throws off your balance , and everything starts spinning if i so much as look down, 
  it 's supposed to go away on its own after a couple days to a week , i 've got some anti-nausea tablets for the meantime, 
  i was n't so bad this morning , jumped up at 4 when the cat got in a fight outside my window and then woke up normally at ~ 7ish , did n't get dizzy either time . 
  yesterday morning though , felt drunk for like five minutes, 
  why 's that ? 
  i 've grown more accustomed to it recently , i love it now . 
  average album but full of great songs, 
  nah , just bought it on itunes, 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  to be fair , it 's a new zealand source , we 're still waiting to find out who won the us election over here, 
  it 's definitely mum, 
  his songs are a bit of an earworm, 
  last poll has corbyn just three points behind did n't it ? 
  it 'll be interesting to see what impact this has on the political landscape as a whole . 
  traditionally red states have been the bigger proponent of states rights , but now the hardline blue ones are going full bore on the devolution route, 
  yeah , true . 
  i do feel like it 'd be a long shot if he were to win , tories stand much more of a chance, 
  i think i heard a new verse in streets , but none of the others sound redone, 
  that reminds me of some really weird spray painted pieces of plywood in a paddock on the road to akaroa , the first one says `` liberty first '' and the second `` safety third '' - it raises so many questions i 'm never sure where to start, 
  vicky at that point , but yeah, 
  one of the girls at work is a very obviously western girl , went with another one , and absolutely loved istanbul . 
  might not be the best idea if you 're travelling alone , but i 'd be gutted to miss out on istanbul . 
  maybe try and meetup with someone else wanting to go there ? 
  how is this determined ? 
  you must be seeing something i 'm not, 
  just wait until the shadow man starts harnessing it in the middle of exit, 
  i miss 45, 
  i second this - i 'd probably also make the westward bit a tad wider so it feels more realistic, 
  you would n't happen to have a psd version you 'd be willing to share ? 
  would love to have a play around , see first hand how you did some of this stuff and whatnot, 
  i 'd argue that the two points are n't mutually exclusive . 
  there 's still a ridiculous number of nukes , and we should collectively take any chance possible to further reduce that, 
  follow the valley in the centre-left with the lake in it towards the mountains , aoraki is the one with the two peaks cutting into that, 
  i think it feels unfinished - even though the hair is grey , it should still be coloured grey instead of just left ? 
  we ( or at least i ) definitely did n't mean it like that - i was just trying to offer some feedback so you could try and improve for next time . 
  it was definitely better than anything i could 've done, 
  would n't make much difference if they were n't, 
  what do you think of the sony mirrorless cameras ? 
  looking at getting a 6000 series one since i do n't want to carry however many kilos of gear around all the time, 
  yeah , at this point it 's either the 6300 or the 6500 for sure . 
  looking at the 16-70 zeiss too, 
  where did you get it ? 
  they might have a right of return within a couple weeks, 
  i love unknown caller , it could have done with a bit of a rewrite to get rid of the techno-buzzwords but it 's not too much of an issue, 
  oranges from a tank is a legit thing that happens though , so that does n't count really . 
  i love that line too, 
  everything is relative, 
   we are missing only vikings and indians :p, 
  could even extend the timeline and bring in timurids / babur through dlc to get india in there, 
  thanks for your valuable feedback on how we can improve it . 
  the sa concerts will be fantastic - hopefully this means we 'll get el pueblo vencera back again, 
  got back from wellington in one piece . 
  as it turns out , if you 're going with a craft beer aficionado and staying in town you 're going to end up in several bars . 
  oh wow , that 's something special, 
  have they got a bandcamp or something ? 
  i have no idea how on earth you can be disappointed with this result given the position of the parties when the election was called, 
  so much schadenfreude, 
  were , not where i think, 
  nah like no joke , it 's one of my bday things and has been on the cards for a while . 
  is the next election 2022 or 2020 now ? 
  still slightly hungover from wellington , so not drinking tonight . 
  that , and craft beer has blown my alcohol budget for the next month, 
  how many of your alts are going ? 
  yeah , this system does tend to allow the higher-ups to remain for as long as they want . 
  i think only one of our major party leaders currently stands in an electorate , the others are all list mps . 
  it 's definitely an issue , but there are still means to get them out . 
  the main thing it comes down to is the list rankings . 
  these are determined by the parties , and each has a different way of going about it . 
  our green party , which has no electorate ( constituency ) seats but is the third biggest party , just announced their list for the election in september , and then adjusted it based on party member consultation . 
  so if there 's someone really unpopular , they would fall in those rankings and someone lower down that was better liked would rise . 
  another frequent way is through reshuffles , so a member who fucked up would be demoted significantly . 
  one of the big ones here was judith collins , who went from the front row and police minister to a backbencher over an email leak which revealed she 'd undermined the serious fraud office when it was investigating her - she could n't be removed from parliament because she was an electorate mp , but any responsibility she had was taken away swiftly . 
  that said , you do get unpopular mps hiding , but no moreso than you would when an unpopular mp gets placed in a safe seat to get into power through an electorate, 
  i can hook you up, 
  you 're still at uni right ? 
  come to one of our events next semester, 
  the issue i have with those is that it makes voting much more complicated and has potential to drive people away, 
  no drama, 
  are you me ? 
  and even if we did , what are the chances it 'd still be there ? 
  it 's off okarito lagoon, 
  gah , found out about orakei korako in the pink and white terraces thread . 
  so fucking pissed off right now,
