  it 's an awesome song, 
  i dunno , at this rate i 'm kinda expecting ruapehu to blow tomorrow, 
  i took op to be referring to someone alone working a night shift or whatever , not someone off the clock, 
  [ fez - being born , by u2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz2zzqavucy ) - it 's an awesome song for while driving , especially when we were coming back from north shore over the bridge and had the city lights ahead at night . 
  always play this song heaps when traveling by plane too , it has that sense of an exotic destination sort of thing which helps . 
  i loved doing skills , if there are any specific parts you 're having issues with i 'm more than happy to help . 
  basic general tips are that the skills themselves are always the same , just with a different setting . 
  so you 'll always have to read a map and identify points , you 'll always have a graph or two to interpret / draw and so on . 
  i also find that just name dropping the concepts helps a fair bit, 
  as you can imagine we get a fair few of these posts . 
  try doing some research of your own first , and come back once you 've got a rough idea and ask for feedback on it, 
  ca n't remember off the top of my head all of them , but i found [ this page ] ( http://seniorsecondary.tki.org.nz/social-sciences/geography/key-concepts ) which has an overview of them all, 
  should probably mention that in the op , that 's a very different situation, 
  fruit picking would probably be a good bet either in hawkes bay or down in central otago if you can get there as far as a seasonal job goes , or christmas work in retail, 
  op has actually done research and is asking for a local perspective , and from the looks of things he 's pretty much got most of the details sorted . 
  posts like this are fine and we should actually respond to them instead of being the same dicks as always, 
  i do feel like rotorua is a pretty big part of the tourist circuit , but you 've obviously got reasons for not going there so that 's fair enough . 
  the maori village is essentially a tourist trap afaik , but it 's not so much poverty tourism as it 's not really a legit village . 
  as far as other stuff goes , you could always do some more of the coromandel - i know you said you do n't like geothermal hot springs , but there 's a beach where you can literally dig your own in the sand there which is kind of cool . 
  there 's also the forgotten world highway if you wanted to spend a bit more time in the wop wops of the ` naki , i have n't done it myself but i 've heard good things . 
  i 'd also strongly suggest spending a bit of time in wellington at the end - it 's reeling a bit from the earthquake , but it 's a bloody cool city and definitely worth the time . 
  are you on mobile / using the css ? 
  depends , what are your current plans ? 
  if you 're coming here to chch and heading south then do n't cancel plans , you 'll be fine . 
  if you were going to head up the coast to kaikoura you should adjust your plans a bit probably, 
  yeah , everywhere else should be fine, 
  i do n't know anything about your friend i 'm afraid , but the good news is that if he was in queenstown then it 's likely he was n't affected by the earthquake at all , as it 's in a completely different part of the island, 
  not this shit again ... 
  okay , this has reached circlejerk status . 
  removed under rule 12, 
  mod of / r/newzealand here , we were a bit slow getting it up because the mod who usually posts them has n't been heard from since the earthquake . 
  so i was a bit behind the 8-ball on it and am trying frantically to fill in . 
  getting the thread set up now , should n't be too much longer hopefully, 
  yeah it is , / u/nilnz was in the middle of organising it when the earthquake happened so i 've had to whip it up in the past hour since she was n't around to do it, 
  just a little annoucement : we 're doing a cultural exchange with / r/canada , head on over to [ our thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5dems8/kia_ora_rcanada_cultural_exchange_with_our/ ) for info and to join in !, 
  i know they say you should never talk about politics , but it 's my major so i ca n't help it . 
  seems a bit of a heavy topic to get off at the start , but oh well . 
  forgive me if it 's a bit of a touchy subject , but i was wanting to ask about what the current situation is between canada and the first nations . 
  i 'm vaguely aware of a few issues in the past in this area , but i 'm not sure about their scope or as to whether they remain contentious or if they have been largely resolved ? 
  also , is quebecois independence a legit possibility , or is it just a vocal minority of dreamers ? 
  on a lighter note , what are some decent canadian bands and music i should look at ? 
  i would say we are traditionally fairly liberal - there 's an old joke about one of our prime ministers talking to a bunch of us students , and saying that `` we have two major parties - labour , who are like your democrats , and national , who are like your , um , democrats . '', 
  our centre right party is still fairly centrist and has a fair few left wing policies , but on the whole we are very neo-liberal politically and have moved a tad further to the right under key imo . 
  to be fair , everything takes a couple weeks longer to reach us . 
  we 're still waiting to find out who wins, 
   but nobody holds that against him . 
  speak for yourself , i do n't trust anyone that does n't know how to get hammered, 
  there 's a shitload of immigration , it 's a contentious issue right now and is driving house prices through the roof in auckland . 
  temperature in winter depends on where you are , it 's typically about 10 degrees or so in auckland , single digits where i am in christchurch and often freezing further south . 
  does n't normally get colder than -5 or so unless you 're in the wops on a clear night and high up or something ( this is all celsius , not sure if you use that or if you 've been corrupted by the americans, 
  so do we , we have n't heard from her since, 
  i 'm the crook that you 've looked for, 
  come and help me escape, 
  kiwi here , love that name and vastly prefer it to new zealander, 
  i would have loved a new flag , but the committtee went and fucked it up by choosing the worst flags possible as the alternatives, 
  queen of canada or queen of new zealand ? 
  pretty wide variety , i 've got a ton of u2 and other 80s stuff along with indie rock , blues , latin and so on . 
  dr is an old tyrant , his time is coming to an end . 
  lol no memes can get fucked, 
  i do n't get the issue with your name personally - all issues around taking an `` english name '' aside , in my experience it typically happens more when the name is difficult to pronounce . 
  but ekant does n't seem that difficult at all to say , and imo anyone who thinks it is probably is n't trying that hard . 
  beyond that though , i do think it 's something that varies from person to person . 
  i 've had friends who took a name similar to how their actual name was pronounced , some who took the direct translation of it , and others who just took a random name they liked . 
  i try to make an effort where i can , but probably do n't do a very good job, 
  the first one , i should probably know better than to use an ambiguous sentence as a uni student, 
  we 've got a ton , most of kiwi identity is brand identities . 
  l&p , whittaker 's chocolate , pineapple lumps , buzzy bee and so on . 
  you have been banned from / r/newzealand, 
  that 's great news , thanks !, 
  bad timing though, 
  maori is an official language , and it 's taught along with maori culture at primary schools to everyone , regardless of race . 
  at high school it 's still offered , though often as a second language option alongside stuff like french or japanese, 
  work all weekend with a 21st tomorrow night, 
  vastly prefer kiwi to new zealander as the adjective . 
  and it 's based on the bird , as the fruit is a kiwifruit here , not just a kiwi, 
  reminder to go and check out the [ cultural exchange with / r/canada ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5dems8/kia_ora_rcanada_cultural_exchange_with_our/ ) and help answer some of the questions with less attention . 
  also to those of you who did n't see , / u/nilnz popped in to say hi and let us know that she 's okay , but is just taking a well-deserved break from reddit for a bit, 
  so having come back late friday night i forgot to write up my thoughts from the trip up north . 
  already did auckland on the first day , though i stand by my comment about how you lot have far too many cars and no idea how to use them . 
  the coromandel has jack shit to do when the weather is bad , and in the off season . 
  nice enough place , but we ended up leaving a day early . 
  all joking aside , i was blown away by rotorua . 
  all the service we got was amazing , the food was insanely good , and petrol is thirty cents cheaper than we get it back home . 
  plus all the fumaroles everywhere makes things really eerie , especially when it 's just coming out the side of the footpath . 
  the cruise on lake rotomanaha is pretty cool too . 
   my only worry is being so high up after having come up from the welly shakes . 
  we were up the 16th floor of a hotel up there when it hit , you can definitely feel it but it 's not too bad . 
  if it 's big enough that it 's dangerous up there then that 'll be the least of our worries, 
  i thought you were air force ? 
  first of all , ships in the above in order from front to back : hmnzs te kaha , hmcs vancouver , hmas darwin , hmnzs endeavour , uss sampson, 
  taken from [ this album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/hgo5n ) with more pics from the mission - ships from around the world were coming to nz to celebrate the rnzn 's 75th anniversary when a magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck the northeast of the south island , so the aussies , canadians , and yanks all sent their ships down with supplies and equipment to aid in the relief effort along with two of the nz navy 's ships , while a further two ( the hmnzs wellington and the hmnzs canterbury ) were already operating in the area and had previously evacuated all stranded tourists from the region to christchurch, 
  sorry , just remembered about this - for food we went to [ abracadabra ] ( http://www.abracadabracafe.com/ ) which has a mix of latin and north african food , and the guy treats you like a regular even if it 's your first time there ( i swear he was having about four full on conversations with different tables at the same time . ), 
  feels like you 're instantly part of the family when you go there , which is really cool , and the food is damn tasty . 
  also went to [ fat dog ] ( http://www.fatdogcafe.co.nz/ ) for breakfast the next morning , which had really good pancakes as well . 
  accommodation wise we stayed at [ red rock ] ( http://www.redrockmotel.co.nz/ ) , which from the outside looks like a little kind of iffy motor lodge type place , but the rooms are really nice ( for what they are , it was still a one bedroom place with an extra queen bed in the main room ) and the owner had that country hospitality thing where he came and showed you around the room and the mineral hot spring they have , helped you with your bags and went far over and above to help out wherever possible, 
  just replied to the above post with where we went - abracadbra is a tad on the pricey side ( the meal cost more than our room for the night by the end of it , ) but god was it worth it, 
  first proper shift of my full time christmas hours . 
  how about you ? 
  whereabouts are you coming from ? 
  if you were sensible and did n't try to do everything you could easily do a decent north island trip in 10 days - just got back from a 7 day one myself .
