  wish i could make it ( and that it was n't in the middle of the semester ), 
  sod off , he 's our cop , we get first ama dibs . 
  should focus on building your sub up first though , still looks a bit drought-ridden, 
  ^ ^ ^ please ? 
  so did i !, 
  this is so cool , have you got one for the north island too ? 
  could combine the two as well , would give you room for a key and all that stuff, 
  do you guys seriously not have a css yet ? 
  even / r/chch does - hell , even / r/dunedin has more of a css than you, 
  oh shit , he actually responded . 
  you 're screwed now, 
  are there bigger versions of those ? 
  they 're awesome, 
  yeah , [ i changed mine this morning ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ux5vupg.jpg ) using the original version of it, 
  that looks bloody freezing, 
  it 's what the main geonet account has , unless you wanted to have everyone on their own account ? 
  more to the point , who goes to lectures and does n't reddit in them ? 
  nah , it 's still like mid 20s . 
  i love it , could go for a couple more months of this, 
  stick a fan on ? 
  fewer sheets ? 
  smack yourself over the head ? 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  try the daily thread ? 
  if 110 % of the vote comes back for the new flag i might agree, 
  i think this has to be a record low number of comments , ca n't remember the last time we had less than 50 in a daily . 
  the name suppression rule will probably stay as far as i 'm concerned , though if you genuinely think we should look at some of the other rules ( or introducing some more ) then it could be something we talk about going forward . 
  there 's definitely a bit of ambiguity in some cases that could be addressed , and some gaps in it ( as you pointed out earlier . ), 
  if you wanted to expand a bit on some of the other suggestions that would be helpful in making the case for a discussion on it, 
  removed , rule 6, 
  [ there is one ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/downloads.php?do=file&amp;id=19920 ), 
  not a bad idea , tried something similar a while ago with a one-off friday foreign affairs thing where you could talk with people here about shit which was n't directly related to nz and was removed from the daily under the no politics rule . 
  seemed to go well , but did n't gain traction . 
  main worry i 'd have with something like that is that it 'd likely devolve into a circlejerk `` dae hate john key ? '', 
  type thread , especially with memes and all that shit . 
  if we had some standards it might be worth a trial go , though we do have the members day posts for most of the normal goings on and news articles for other shit, 
  a fair few since that shitstorm a couple weeks back . 
  a bunch of them wiped their accounts and took off for good . 
  it 's a shame , really . 
  miss seeing them around, 
  come on , you ca n't just say that without showing off the photo !, 
  to be fair , they had better things to worry about at the time . 
  i thought they had old guys outside who felt a moral responsibility to drive you ? 
  at least that 's what tv ads have taught me, 
  shit , it must have been good advice if a canadian is saying we 're overly helpful . 
  glad you liked it here !, 
  looks like it 's a promo shot for their live show, 
  some bots can delete their own posts without being a mod , so it should be possible, 
  no politics . 
  oh right , i thought he meant he 'd seen another bot delete its own posts , not a bot delete another bot 's post . 
  that said though , having a bot might not be such a bad idea - i 've got big plans, 
  should play civ or total war , you 'd hear prussia a hell of a lot more there, 
  yeah , but you 'd have to put up with the australian wildlife ( and the australians , ) all of which wants to kill you, 
  i feel like i 'll either love or hate this map , and i 'm not quite sure which, 
  i love the look of this map , though i 'm not a fan of the spikes after the boost corner, 
  could always just annex american samoa, 
  just a quick correction , it 's actually / r/thesimpsons now - / r/simpsons just redirects there, 
  definitely , and maybe put some rules in about reposts ? 
  i swear there 's like ten photos which get posted every couple of weeks, 
  it 's nice having a couple public holidays which are actually guaranteed days off too . 
  you might be better trying / r/askhistorians on this - it 's outside their 20 year rule so it should be fine, 
  he could have been offering a variety of drugs . 
  could have done some , but not others . 
  then you 're still doing the drugs and not doing the drugs , it just depends on which drugs you 're talking about, 
  [ funny you should mention that ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coober_pedy ), 
  eh , you never know - i once had a guy message me to answer a question i 'd asked there like 10 months beforehand , so even if you do n't get any answers right away you might still get something . 
  eh , the account was n't created just for this purpose ( op actually uses it to contribute normally to reddit ) so i 'm gon na defer to the others on this one . 
  come on / r/auckland , this subreddit has only been around for a couple of hours and it has a css . 
  up your game . 
  was speaking to a girl i used to work with , she has no interest in politics whatsoever , and was barely 18 for the referendum , but was still voting in it because she actually cared about this one . 
  i think it 's not impossible to get young people to vote , it 's just a matter of getting them actually interested . 
  bernie sanders whether he wins or not has done an amazing job at that, 
  as a young voter , this is pretty much my view on it . 
  dad and i both want a new flag , but where he 's voting for the new one because he does n't think he 'll get another shot i 'm voting for the old one because i think we will and there 's no point shooting yourself in the foot with a rubbish design just to get a new flag, 
  hell , i 'd be down for it . 
  you open to a filthy east-coaster ? 
  eh , two of my modded subreddits have a non-existent userbase , and the other two i snuck in with css work, 
  i love it when that happens . 
  had a presentation about nz bilateral military relations with the states , and the day before it was announced we were taking part in war games with them . 
  political science is great for stuff like that, 
  i do n't , i want summer to last another month :(, 
  i figured he meant as in according to geography - ie instead of their being the seven continents we have now , including zealandia . 
  might be interpreting it the wrong way though, 
  looks like there 's something weird going on with the spam filter , your post was caught up in it . 
  we 'll need to take a look at that, 
  yeah , camp at high school was up by lake brunner , so i 've been up round that way a fair bit . 
  hated the camp , but was an awesome setting for it . 
  we 'd go and see glow worms in an old mine on the overnight tramp, 
  i 'm good with prussia , [ let 's do this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nzgrrr2.png ), 
  they 're not a country because they kind of bullied all the other german states into unifying , then changed their name to germany and dominated the country for half a century . 
  not a bad run, 
  not bad , but i think i 'd make it a tricolour instead of a quadcolour ( ? ), 
  and i 'd probably play around with the shades a bit more . 
  in all honesty , i would n't mind having aotearoa as a name . 
  would mean we 'd be above australia , and we would n't have to wait through half the parade of nations at the olympics to see our guys . 
  yeah , from my experience it 'd say `` removed by automoderator '' if it was something set up on our end , but it just said `` removed '' - which tends to signal reddit 's sitewide spam filter . 
  i 'll have a look through and see if i can find something, 
  yeah , it 's gorgeous out - nice and warm , too . 
  someone should do an impromptu meetup , either / r/chch or / r/canty, 
  it makes sense when you think about it , given diem is day and meri is the same base as it is in meridian , so mid-day .
