   mod please ? 
  yes ? 
  you obviously have n't been around here much . 
  we have the most subreddits per capita, 
  i know , it was a shit attempt at a joke . 
  the dc-3 is so cool , we still have it fly over here during summer as air new zealand operate scenic flights with one . 
  you can hear it from miles out , i 've always wanted to fly on it but have n't had a chance yet, 
  they 'd still be pronounced the same though , would n't they ? 
  i thought so too , though i 'll admit i have n't had a proper look at the original one recently, 
  i think we 're too small to do a proper epic race sort of thing , plus go to far and you 'd end up on a state highway . 
  could do a proper undie 500 type thing i suppose , kaitaia to bluff, 
  yeah , those mods are a piece of work alright . 
  in all seriousness , we 're still trying to work things out . 
  the rules only recently got expanded as well as the place getting its first proper facelift in pretty much ever and two new mods along with it . 
  we 're still getting things sorted , it 's never going to be perfect ( as people kept telling me with the css ) - people have been complaining about rule 6 , and we 're working to make sure we 're all on the same page with it . 
  the other rules are the same . 
  travel advice is normally heavily downvoted anyway , and i do n't see it ruining the place . 
  as for your specific case , it 'd probably depend on what it was that you asked . 
  city-specific stuff ( eg . 
  best souvlaki in chch ? ), 
  is generally better to post in the city specific subs , but travel advice ( eg . 
  in nz for a week , have a day off in wellington - any suggestions on what to do ? ), 
  would be fine . 
  you should show up in a singlet and jandals , with a chilly bin full of beer . 
  say you missed the memo, 
  it 's most likely people using the suggested title and not noticing, 
  if it makes you feel better , [ i 'm in the middle of nowhere ] ( http://www.karmalb.com/user/tehokioi ), 
  or a / u/paulfknwalsh one, 
  i 'm going to say a fitbit , just because we got about 600 of them in at work last week and i hate having a huge pile of them out back, 
  get him a 30cm remote control one, 
  paintings of his photos ? 
  fuck yes . 
  you two . 
  get on this now . 
  we normally put sold tape on anyway , and all the receipts and purchase histories are stored on our system , so receipts are normally just an extra for personal accounts / records, 
  or you could not be a dick to someone who gets enough shit there as it is, 
  some places ( like where i work ) store all the customer purchases on their system . 
  if you know your phone number we can look it up and get all the relevant info on there with no need for a receipt, 
  we always give the option not to give a phone number for people who are iffy about that sort of thing , but it 's used for so much stuff that in that case you 'd be shooting yourself in the foot fairly badly, 
  no uprisings . 
  i just use my web browser to check reddit when i 'm on my phone , so i 'm not sure . 
  do they really not have any option to choose a flair ? 
  yeah , that 's a fair enough comment , i 've noticed it too . 
  we went with what we thought were the major ones , but if anyone has any suggestions as to other flairs which could work then i 'm sure we can figure out how to implement them somehow ( though / u / - halcyon might hate me for saying that ), 
  still does n't really help the problem , though . 
  maybe a slice of life sort of thing like / r/europe has , though i 'm not sure how that could be better represented with a letter or whatever . 
  by that logic the new css is pointless though , but we did that anyway, 
  hmm , looks like [ some subreddits ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/oneplus/comments/35c7mh/mobile_users_you_can_now_add_flair_to_your_post/ ) have found a way around this . 
  might look into it and see if we can figure something out about it, 
  per-capita bragging too ? 
  at least your work do is sorted out properly . 
  my manager decided yesterday that we 're going to have one on sunday , and changed venues five times in three hours last night . 
  it 's down to a shortlist of three now i think, 
  jeez , is everyone going to whangarei ? 
  feel like i 've missed a memo , or something, 
  i 'd actually like to go on a trip up north , simply because it 's one of the few parts of the country i still have n't been to ( along with east cape . ), 
  problem is my mates are all shit at agreeing on stuff, 
  it 's a bit of a shame the red and black one did n't make the shortlist instead , i might have actually voted for that one, 
  manager : * books thai place *, 
  employee : `` eh , i do n't like thai '', 
  manager : * books chinese place *, 
  ( chinese place is n't byo ), 
  manager : * books another place *, 
  something else wrong , repeat process . 
  no need to tell me twice - i think for memory some of the issues were valid though ( not taking the method of payment the store uses or whatever ) but yeah , the whole thing is a bit of a mess, 
  what happens if the votes are exactly the same in the end ? 
  no , i did n't know . 
  the images will be taken from the subreddit unless it 's something big , like jonah 's death . 
  so if you want to see the image change , then you should contribute to the subreddit more, 
  it 's mainly been there that long because nothing 's come along to replace it . 
  name one which had as much of a response across the country, 
  just because you 're not a fan of rugby does n't mean it 's not important either . 
  the post about it on here was one of the top all time , and it was one of the few things everyone was talking about at the time . 
  or because people actually gave a shit, 
  no politics . 
  seriously ? 
  god , i wish . 
  slept on the sofa until about four , then crawled back into bed until 7 when i got woken up by my bloody cat banging her head against the door to get water, 
  wait , that 's how it works ? 
  the travel ones are generally pretty good , it 's the other stuff that is n't flaired, 
  i 'm enjoying it way more than i do base game attila . 
  i 've played the campaign three times so far , each one as a different faction , and each time it 's felt completely different . 
  the little historical mission things are kind of cool too - conquer certain regions as asturias or mercia and you 'll form the kingdom of spain or england respectively - and give a historical immersion to it which i enjoy . 
  the factions all feel different too , which is decent . 
  i think with a bit more work i 'd be more than happy to have that as a version of m3, 
   today : double murder verdict in the singh/kaur trial for a start . 
  yep , let 's honour a murder accused on our sidebar . 
   also the stranglers have announced 3 dates in new zealand next year which is definitely the most exciting news i 've heard all week . 
  never heard of them , must n't be important . 
  they should have [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/mbrg3ck.png ) as their new flag just for the sake of it, 
  given the gazelle reference i 'm guessing it 's / u/appexxd - he 's deleted his account too . 
  tell that bastard he better not forget about us , okay ? 
  and to give us a yell next time he 's down here in chch, 
  it 's amazing that twitter is already old fashioned . 
  every now and then , but i still have four movie vouchers to use by february so i need to start going more . 
  you know shit 's getting real when you can hear the weather inside westfield 's, 
  mine was up on the roof at the mall , hoping it 's not fucked when i get back to it, 
  i was in at work , you could hear massive claps of thunder over the music and busy-ness of the mall . 
  it was insane, 
  but if they had agreed to the demands , what are the chances that russia would have stopped there as opposed to taking even more land ?
