  almost looks like stills from a movie, 
  wonder how much it 'd cost to put in decent railing and open it up again fully ? 
  they were talking to a guy on breakfast just now about the fire whose last name was burn . 
  i feel kind of bad for laughing, 
  why not just [ empire-state ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/5pxksvrc4d4/maxresdefault.jpg ) style railing ? 
  removed as a duplicate link under rule 5, 
  i really feel for the sign of the kiwi people . 
  literally only opened like this time last month after the earthquakes , and now it 's in the middle of the fire, 
  modder here , we ca n't do better civs / leaders than they can . 
  we * might * be able to make more interesting civs , but firaxis have much more flexibility with what they can do ( if something ca n't be done , they can just make it possible - we ca n't ) and they have the ability to source native speakers and create fully new 3d animated leaders . 
  we can probably get the animated ones eventually , but that takes time and is often lower quality than vanilla leaders . 
  voice acting for non-english civs is often right out, 
  i feel like planting days with the local community could be a big thing - guy i know is already trying to organise one for the port hills when the fire goes out , plus it 's always a great feel-good thing to do . 
  get it organised through doc / local community boards or something , would definitely be a goer, 
  light rail for chch would be amazing , especially given all the outlying satellite towns which are rapidly growing due to property prices / lack of earthquakes, 
  [ citation required ], 
  i can admire a guy 's ability to grow facial hair and be certain i 'm still straight, 
  shit i 'm almost considering getting some couriered . 
  how much would delivery to chch be ? 
  we noticed the same about the smell when we were there last year . 
  you noticed it for sure in a couple places , but it was often more of a whiff than anything substantial, 
  nothing quite like naming the northern-most part of the country southland, 
  [ 50m , apparently ] ( http://www.greenpen.london/blog/district-energy-centre ), 
  removed for having personal information - the mp is fine since that 's the subject , but the others ca n't be displayed, 
  nah dividing by zero fucks everything up so it does n't count, 
  but both of the americas are one landmass , as is afro-eurasia . 
  [ open a portal to mars ? 
  ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/53/ ), 
  i feel like the market is starting to slow down , maybe give it a year or two first, 
  good idea , made the change, 
  they were right at least once there - if it is going to collapse it 's going to do so soon imo , so give it a little bit longer and then go overseas then, 
  yeah he does - though i 'm still not sure what the campervans were doing, 
  this is the case in australia too - bushfire prevention leads to more material to burn , so when it does go it goes big and ends up with bigger fires, 
   typhoon scare, 
  i must have missed this one ? 
  got ta collect your 50 cents somehow, 
  i 'll be at work , so ca n't make it sorry, 
  closet south african confirmed, 
  you mean that comment ridiculously taken out of context by the media ? 
  i mean technically it should be `` my girlfriend ( 12 ) and i ( 18 ) love this game , '' but sure . 
  dude ... 
  stay out of gore and you 'll be fine, 
   no moose, 
  [ do n't be so sure ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&amp;objectid=10865715 ), 
  yeah , that explains voting him in back in 2008 . 
  but he was hugely popular for some reason ever since then , moreso than just `` not cunliffe '', 
   sounder economic policy, 
  seriously ? 
  major party leaders tend to resign here after an election loss - the exception being cunliffe , but that 's because they need to construct an extra wing of parliament to fit his ego, 
  give him time, 
  that would n't surprise me , i can see there being a huge chunk of undecided voters as people wait to see more of policies / electoral stuff this year having not followed it in the off season, 
  removing this under rule 6 , feels a tad too editorialised to me . 
  feel free to resubmit with a better title , or message the mods if you 've got any issues with this call, 
  preferred prime minister ratings go up a fair bit when you 're incumbent , so yeah that 'd work, 
  1996 was the first mmp election , was n't it ? 
  it 's pretty much happened every time since then, 
  works as a hipster too !, 
  yeah , which i do n't get . 
  national debt ( national as in the country as a whole , not the party ) has skyrocketed under national ( the party ) and finances are shaky at best while tax cuts are constantly offered as election bribes , while the left has to try and get that under control ( and the greens actually use economists for their economic policy ), 
  if he loses , labour 's best shot is robertson without a doubt, 
  huh , i was always told that was grammatical too , and the way it was corrected first was wrong as well, 
  every election year they would hint at potential tax cuts, 
  if you do astro stuff , it also can show you the position of the milky way and galactic core from any location at any given point of time , which is really useful for planning shots, 
  similar situation to labour after clark ? 
  i still feel like that 's the case with national - the only reason bill is seen as viable is because he 's already pm , had key left after an election they would have been fucked, 
  pretty sure it 's a joke, 
  went down there at about 10pm one time when i was down there . 
  there were probably around fifty people with tripods all trying to get a shot of the church with stars . 
  shit , five comments and all of them are about jobs and employment ( even the fucking slacker automod , damn lucky his 90 day trial is up ) , suppose that sets the tone . 
  guy at work has decided that because audio is his area to look after , he gets sole authority over what music is played in the store and that even though the managers have asked for music videos to play he does n't need to listen to them . 
  so of course i 've been petty as fuck and antagonised him about it constantly . 
  i can fully understand the mentality of going with whoever will be in charge to give you a better position to further your cause , but such loyal support is n't really the way to go imo, 
  i mean he 's more than welcome to have input , we all do and everyone puts stuff on there . 
  but just because it 's his area does n't mean he gets automatic curatorship of it, 
  that 's not providing a source . 
  warehouse actually has real decent entry wages too afaik , better than mine at least, 
  bit of both , we use a lot of videos we 've got the license for or have worked out other arrangements with . 
  spotify and youtube are helpful too, 
  unless they 're not double glazed, 
  you do n't make it easy when you 've only got two pages of history - i 'm sure i give away way too much , but eh . 
  i 'd say you were an alt of / u/jahemian if she was n't so attached to the limelight !, 
  i 'm always down for meetups , i just have absolutely shit luck with the timing of them . 
  legit almost always have something else on the same night . 
  wo n't get any easier now either , now that i 've started postgrad . 
  at least that 's just a one year thing, 
  we 're in talks with a few , but they 're a bit more reluctant than the opposition . 
  if you had some inroads they 'd always be welcome, 
  i must be missing something here, 
  i do n't recall any deadlifting talk, 
  yeah , honours . 
  which sounds like it 's gon na be a shitload of work , but if i can actually manage my time i should be fine . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  til herbs were actually calling for measures against sea level rise, 
  i actually saw some investigative reporting in it yesterday, 
  not by our standards , but when you see a busload of tourists stopped on the side of the road in the middle of the canterbury plains taking photos of nothing in particular it gives the impression that things are a fair bit better than elsewhere, 
  yeah , i 'd have thought a border levy would be easy, 
  you 'd want to set it at a level which does n't raise the cost too much , or you risk putting people off . 
  $ 20 ( or even $ 40 ) would be fine because it does n't add that much , but once you start getting up there an extra $ 100 could put people off ( plus it 'd be an extra $ 100 not invested locally ), 
  yo , looks like you 're shadowbanned - hit the admins up to sort it out, 
  hi geoff , thanks for stopping by -,
