  no idea what 's causing it or how to fix it , though seem to remember getting a similar issue before . 
  i tend to find them a little bit right wing , but that could just be a case of being more critical of the opposition than the government . 
  it 's very different with paddy and duncan than it was when john campbell was around , he was very left wing, 
  to be fair , the content is from safe , who are obviously going to be in favour of animal rights and whatnot , so it 's not so much a case of the sub 's bias as it is that this was reposted from an interest group, 
  newsroom - tim murphy is the one talking it up on twitter . 
  though editor of the sunday star times seems to know what 's up too, 
  supposed to be , though they might put it off because of this winston stuff . 
  removed under rule 6, 
  as an aside , i 've heard him say his solution to mental health is to medicate and get them in jobs, 
  / u/therealballchynz someone 's trying to steal your gig, 
  maybe a bit of the chain in the chorus too ? 
  i ca n't see hone working with national at all, 
  and that 's coming from this guy , fastest of the lot of us, 
  this is the secret show where they filmed videos for two upcoming songs , not a normal concert, 
  are you saying she does n't wave nicely ? 
  it 's not so much that one debate - it 's the trend of not showing up to any commitments to do with his electorate . 
  i think you 'd find even if they rescheduled he would still not attend, 
  i think he might actually face a bit of a challenge this year from raf manji , who 's running as an independent and seems to appeal to both sides equally, 
  given i was the person talking to his people for one of these debates , i 'm well aware that he was n't going to provide us with a date . 
  seems that way, 
  live in the west , our infrastructure 's a piece of shit, 
  how much of that was satisfaction with brownlee though , and how much was the lack of a viable alternative ? 
  which will help raf too , having just won the local election last year, 
  at least you 're awake - it 's 4am nz time , they 're fucking over nz and australia again, 
  huh , still working for me . 
  let me know if it 's not shown up yet and i 'll sort out a cache link or something, 
  raf 's a former investment banker and financier from london who won in the fendalton ward for the council last year . 
  he 's got a shot with those folk too, 
  i dunno , i feel he 's still representing us , just on a larger scale, 
  i make sure to offset the blue of my suit with red or green tops whenever possible, 
  is anyone able to film this on the off chance it 's not available afterwards ( ie . 
  when i wake up ? ), 
  so knowing u2 's track record with singles this will be the far better song than the mass release single, 
  i 'm loving it , at least you 're not judging it off the snippet though . 
  some people on the forums are saying how shit the whole album will be off of this one clip, 
  that bass line is insane, 
   that 's what being right-wing means . 
  no , because if labour is in power then they 'd be more critical of national than labour by virtue of national being the opposition, 
  that bassline is awesome , loving this song . 
  ca n't wait for soe, 
  okay so two questions :, 
  why is there a floating stop sign ? 
  why does the police car have a utility box on it ? 
   i still think bono is a little douchey , but the band makes good music and that 's all that matters . 
  as a pretty big supporter of the band , i think we all feel like that to some extent . 
  it 's the same with other bands too , i 've heard that kol are dicks but that does n't mean i do n't like their music, 
  did you forget that nloth was a thing ? 
  welly central probably , rongotai would be bad for labour to pull out of, 
  the crowd lost their shit when he said that where i was watching it, 
  season 5 's were fantastic . 
  that was what got me . 
  we were trying to organise some election stuff in july , but had to postpone it to september because nobody was thinking even remotely about the election in july despite being two months out, 
  mfw reddit did n't warn me, 
  probably about as much as that ` fact check ' twitter that was actually run by national, 
  gotcha , later bot, 
  rnz have a poll of polls too ? 
  i feel like we need a poll of polls of polls at this point, 
  interesting how the antarctic has a little point for the minimum around the same time every year compared to a much smoother pattern for maximums and for the arctic , any idea why that is ? 
  you 've basically got two options :, 
  the first is to get something like / u/ekanttakephotos suggested , a prime lens ( as in one that does n't zoom ) . 
  they get you much better photos , but are more specialised and less versatile . 
  you 'd probably need something like that for starscapes , as they have much faster apertures ( f/2 .8 for example , as opposed to f/4 .5 - ish ) and therefore can shoot better in low light . 
  your other option is to get a cheap zoom lens , like an 18-55 or something . 
  the quality and night performance is n't as good as a specialised lens , but it gives you much more versatility in terms of learning what sort of lens you need and being able to use it in many more situations . 
  if you 're still starting out i 'd almost be inclined to suggest this first instead , and then get into more of the primes once you 've been able to have a play around and get a better idea of what specifics you 're after, 
  my favourite bit was how he kept shoehorning ' 1970s industrial relations ' as though he was trying to make it a soundbite , but it never worked and it felt forced, 
  depends on how much i shill and show off my stuff, 
   she said when they left oklahoma for california that it raised the average iq of both states . 
  we have that joke in nz about australia too , even our prime minister said it, 
  why has it got that cool curve on one side but not the other ? 
  definitely agree there , have n't heard adam this funky since mysterious ways, 
   labour and nz first : 65 seats, 
  just a correction , this is labour / greens / nzf , not just labour / nzf, 
   probably hovers around these numbers for a while, 
  it must do , surely . 
  there 's not much room for labour to keep rising without it turning into a landslide, 
  yeah , i 'm expecting national and labour to level out at ~ 41-42 % each , then have greens and nzf at about 7 % each , with maori acting as kingmaker, 
  except that the maori party is winning in at least two ? 
  removing under rule 12, 
  removing under rule 12, 
  you probably should n't be buying those, 
  also a reminder that we 've got an ama with top co-deputy geoff simmons , tonight from 6:00, 
  there was talk of a big-four ( lab / green / nat / nzf ) debate on the 13th , dunno if that 's still going ahead now, 
  you got temporarily banned for breaking rule 12 , which explicitly says `` any circlejerk posts will see the op banned for seven days and the post removed . '', 
  so i 'm not sure why you 're complaining that we enforced the rules as they show up , most of the time people complain that we do the opposite, 
  report the others , we have rule 5 for a reason . 
  hi geoff , cheers for doing this ama . 
  given how close this election is , and that top is at the very least left-leaning and campaigning for a change in government , how can you justify the party continuing to run when it 's almost certain to not break 5 % , while the votes it does get could spell the difference between a left and a right wing victory ? 
  removed under rule 12, 
  i took this to be a what if too, 
   top are constantly overlooked by the mainstream media . 
  we are n't invited to debates , and it looks like we wo n't get into the rnz , tvnz or tv3 debates . 
  i would argue you get far more coverage than a typical party of your size gets, 
  i 'm of the opinion that those should have been removed as well , though around this time it becomes really difficult and mostly comes down to judgement of one of us at the time, 
  the only time either of those two got news was when their sole mp was doing something , beyond that they get nothing . 
  even the maori party barely gets coverage, 
  okay , i 'm sorry but this is fundamentally wrong and is one of the core problems with the perception of our political system which contributes to voter apathy . 
  labour and national are n't `` pretty much '' the same , nor are nz first , the greens , or any of the other parties which will actually make it in to parliament . 
  each party has fundamental ideological differences from all the others , which mean that while national and labour are centre versions of their respective political wings , there are differences and they will both govern differently , especially when coalition partners are considered . 
  to say they 're the same is disingenuous and misleading .
