  oh nah that was different , this was the auckland meetup, 
  to be honest i 've been considering having it start earlier - there was a great feel to the first few when it started mid-afternoon, 
  well not with that attitude at least, 
  god damn that elmiraj is a thing of beauty, 
  [ this should give you an idea of what happened ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/3a3zv5/on_meetups_doxxing_facebook_and_collation_of/ ), 
  it 's a legit question , you ca n't just laugh it off when someone challenges your views, 
  there 's nothing stopping op from posting his view from within the comments , is there ? 
  as opposed to your thoughts about the rule , which are just plan i-don ` t-like-it-so-it-must-go ? 
  okay , how is the rule intolerant ? 
  surely having no rule and allowing editorialised titles is more intolerant , as it ostracises opposing viewpoints in the subreddit much more easily . 
  we introduced a similar rule on / r/newzealand about a year ago , and the sub has become much more diverse with differing viewpoints as a result of it , where before it was nearly just as bad as / r/nzcirclejerk at times, 
  they 'll probably talk to the school or something , i was in level 1 in 2011 and we were pretty much offered derived grades for everything and got whichever grade was better, 
  mate of mine when we were back in level 2 missed out on getting it endorsed with excellence by one credit, 
  each assessment is worth a certain number of credits ( normally 1 credit = 10 hours of work , though this is rubbish ), 
  credits can be either achieved , achieved with merit , or achieved with excellence ( in order of how good the grade is , excellence being the best ), 
  there 's three levels , which are for the three senior years in high school ( year 11 = level 1 , year 12 = level 2 and so on ), 
  getting 50 credits at a certain grade for a level means you can get that endorsed with that grade ( so at least 50 merit credits at level 2 means you get level 2 with merit ), 
  80 credits at any grade for a level means you pass that level . 
  when you arrive in the subreddit , if you see all the titles going one way ( eg . 
  anti-national party in / r/newzealand ) then it creates the impression that you 're not welcome if you have a differing viewpoint . 
  i 'd love it if you did n't twist my words too, 
  i 'm not doing an assessment on it but i 'm interested in the period , any chance you could send the bibliography my way too ? 
  the uc version of that is literally just flats at the moment, 
  only if it 's dramatic, 
  i could talk about mine , but that 'd require me to have one, 
  they 'll legit send it to any address other than the intended one if it 's on the packaging . 
  we 've had packages return to us on a couple occasions as a laugh by courierpost when we forget to cross out / remove the address put on it by the supplier . 
  whisky comes in pill form ? 
  i feel like the cheesiness is part of the charm personally , last crusade is a fun film . 
  sure there 's a few cheesy scenes , but it 's still much better than doom imo, 
  i dunno , i feel like it 'd be a close one between those first three you mentioned . 
  head out somewhere decent and take some sweet sunset shots, 
  i disagree - they should have added winter in there for sure , maybe swap out go crazy or go for the remix they played live instead , but there 's huge potential there and i do think breathe and some of the other songs could have easily made it their fourth * big * album, 
  shit get a room already, 
  nah we 're chocka with european backpackers over the next couple months, 
  surely if the greens get a larger portion of the vote this year they 'll have more ability to change it ? 
  cherry picking argument there - what about the other rivers , like the selwyn , that run past lots of intensive farming and are currently dangerous to come even in contact with ? 
  suppose you could argue that 2014 was implicit approval of the practice, 
   for # 2 : farmers are spending serious money cleaning up their act , and infringers get fined heavily . 
  what about excess irrigation , which does n't seem to have any repercussions ( at least in canterbury ) , or the recent image of cows wading in the headwaters of lake pukaki - where there was no resulting fine for the farmer at all ? 
   urban waterways are usually in the bottom 25 % of all rivers , and urban councils dump raw sewage and rarely get even lightly fined . 
  urban waterways are a problem too , no-one 's denying that . 
  that does n't mean we should n't focus on waterways in areas with farming . 
   for # 5 : agriculture has a high number of deaths because it 's the biggest industry in nz . 
  and in the last 8 years , there 's been a huge increase on worker safety programmes, 
  i 'm sure you 'd find that even if you worked out the injury rates per capita ( as it were ) , agriculture and other primary industries such as forestry would still be among the most high risk industries . 
  yeah and it 's in the worst 25 % for multiple other categories . 
  more cherry picking . 
  also :, 
   * december update : due to an error , the overall risk grade is not being displayed . 
  this is expected to be rectified in the new year . 
  so yeah , i definitely would n't swim there . 
  not with e coli being so bad too, 
  * guaranteed viewers !, 
  nah that 's another regular, 
  we talked about it in the daily a couple days ago , people suggested an earlier start time because people tend to stop posting on the am thread about now and forget what they were going to post on the commute home, 
  shit if only i 'd written it in the description, 
  surprise eviction ? 
  surprise disownment ? 
  you 'd just remove any photo that was n't yours to get more karma, 
  guess i should go to the chch one then, 
  i feel like you 're kind of missing out by not going down the west coast of the south island - could easily fly into chch instead and spend an overnight in franz josef on the way down to queenstown , though it would cost a couple of your buffer days . 
  i 'd also suggest doing one of the other geothermal areas while actually in rotorua - there are a few closer into town - and then do wai-o-tapu when driving to taupo , since it 's like a third of the way there already . 
  ( also , go to abracadabra 's while in rotorua . 
  it 's a tad pricey , but it was bloody amazing when we went ), 
  not a fan of the early start ? 
  oh fuck this brings back bad memories, 
  oh cool , glad at least someone did, 
  he 'll be conquering the levant in no time, 
  did you tell hans he needs to come back and say hi ? 
  i was on a school trip to japan , and we stayed in this little hostel in tokyo where we took up half the rooms ( 15 of us . ), 
  the five of us guys were in one room with bunks on the top floor ( the only room on the top floor ) and you could climb out our window onto the concrete roof , then up a ladder to the roof of our room . 
  so it 's maybe the second night , we 'd just come back from harajuku , and maybe half of us are sitting up there drinking and shooting the shit and whatnot . 
  one of the guys had brought his guitar and was doing all sorts of fancy acoustic shit in the background , it was still like 23 degrees at 10:30 pm , and we could look out over tokyo . 
  we ended up going inside when this thunderstorm started to role in , but watching it come in over tokyo while we 're all up there having a good time was bloody cool . 
  either that or going off to explore chinatown in nagasaki with a girl i had a massive crush on later on in the trip , did n't even mind when we got lost . 
  [ yeah they were n't bad ] ( https://scontent.fwlg1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/75096_368644286550691_889413994_n.jpg?oh=e5f7d18dbfe1658ebdb2c4aec1d734f4&amp;oe=591594f9 ) ( sorry for potato quality ), 
  / u/kochipoik how could you do this to us, 
  i got overruled, 
  was bored and so decided to start voting some flags today on [ flag vs. 
  flag ] ( http://flagvsflag.com/ ) , and came across [ this gem ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uquplhy.png?1 ), 
  eh i 'm leaving it - it 's the same as asking what time any other event starts , you 're not making any political statements . 
  question though , if the whole point of the flag being marked controversial is that people might get in trouble in their workplace , is n't that * by definition * nsfw ? 
  it was a bloody good night for sure . 
  though i think nagasaki might be a better memory now that i think about it, 
  there 's a joke in here somewhere, 
  d'urville you might still be getting a touch of light pollution from wellington . 
  i 've been in doubtful sound on a clear night and it 's insane how vivid it is . 
  not on the same level as this photo of course , but not far off, 
  nah they 're just whinging, 
  no politics, 
  we have talked about it . 
  several times . 
  you * can * post a reasonable title , and it * does n't * need to match the article . 
  in fact , we 'd * prefer * you to have a title that does n't match if the original title is rubbish . 
  you 're complaining about something which is n't even an issue as far as the rules are concerned - if you have an issue with the way the rule has been enforced in a specific instance , then message us about it and we 'll have a look into it . 
  i can see where / u/sehrah was coming from in removing that one you linked to as it required additional context to figure out what was going on ( what thread about prostitution ? ), 
  but at the same time i can see where you 're coming from on it . 
  ideally we want the titles to not be opinionated , and for them to give a decent indication on what the link is about so you know basically what it 's going to cover when you click . 
  if you 're left with a blank ( eg .
