  if time = pm then, 
  set time ( 12h +12 ), 
  else end, 
  ^ disclaimer : ^ ianap, 
  i met him once , he was at a unesco conference i went to a couple years ago . 
  seemed like a decent enough guy, 
  heh , i 've moved twice since i was born and all of my houses that i 've lived in are in this shot, 
  so the boss has decided that the best time possible for a whole staff meeting is n't just after work finishes mid-week , but instead 9am sunday morning . 
  probably just so he does n't have to shout pizza too, 
  nah , it 's one of my days off, 
    dick . 
   this triggers me . 
  thanks a lot , shitlord . 
  i agree with this . 
  we should teach about christianity and the bible in schools , as well as the history associated with it . 
  we should also teach about islam , judaism , buddhism , hinduism and any other denomination with sufficient representation to merit it , along with their histories . 
  even if this is n't done until intermediate / high school , it still has merit as it means children would have a greater understanding of the cultures of others , and would hopefully then be less likely to be prejudice against them . 
  scary , is n't it ? 
  part of me wants to test this , the other part does n't want any more earthquakes ... 
  those are pretty cool , i love cars like that . 
  i wish i was more mechanically minded so i was able to build my own car like that, 
  yeah , it 's part of a thing related to civ 5 - each civilization / faction represented has a unique unit , which are what these are focusing on . 
  polynesia 's is the fantastically generic maori warrior ( along with easter island heads and a leader from hawaii : / ) , one of sweden 's is the carolean , byzantium 's is the cataphract and so on . 
  it 's a thing relating to the game * civilization v * , which has one of the playable empires as `` polynesia '' , which consists of kamehameha i as the leader , alongside a ` maori warrior ' unit and a moai ( easter island head ) improvement unique to them . 
  it 's a horrible amalgamation of the whole of polynesia , but a couple months ago a group of people ( including myself ) released a [ modification ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zwnvo ) to it which split it up into separate factions for hawaii , the maori , tonga and rapa nui, 
  it 's possible that they came from both the west and the east , or at the very least had contact across both of them . 
  while the language has similarities to early micronesian and east asian languages ( and some traces of pottery also bear similarities , ) one of the staple crops of the maori was the kumara , which originated in south america . 
  maori mythology also talks about the homeland of hawaiki , which was said to be in the northwest . 
   new zealand is practically one of our states . 
  at least our settlers * wanted * to be here , yours were just convicts, 
  * september 21 , 2032 : prime minister john key has just won his ninth term as leader of new zealand with a whopping 110 % of the vote . 
  leader of the opposition ben uffindell congratulated key on his success in the polls , citing ` deceased key voters ' as the reason for his party 's -10 % result . 
  only times i 've seen it used like that have been on things like facebook or skype or whatever , where using it the right way around automatically changes it into a horrible emoticon image, 
  should add / r/earthporn as / r/newzealandpics, 
  as opposed to a talking dog ? 
  what do you mean it 's not ? 
  it was right after ww1 , just before desert storm !, 
  the boss could even be fired over it , like what happened with james may when he [ did something similar ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6b/jamesmayautocar.jpg ), 
  throw a sentence in the middle somewhere about having an irrational fear of tangerines , see if he picks up on it or if not , if anyone else does, 
  * fire the port cannons !, 
  i get uruguay and paraguay mixed up , but that 's it usually, 
  their houses likely had ethnic russians in need of protection inside them , putin had no choice, 
  i maintain that he 's developing alzheimer 's , and that we should be worried for his health, 
  well this is going well . 
  first day of uni yesterday , and i 'm not too keen on either of the courses i choose that had lectures that day . 
  thinking of switching one of the history papers to another one i sat in on , which seemed better , but then not sure what else to do . 
  kind of considering switching some to the first year law paper , since that 'd probably be good with politics , but then i 'd need to sacrifice one of the courses i have in second semester , which would mean either getting rid of some politics courses or dropping a history one , which would mean i would n't have enough for a minor this year . 
  would also mean i was with people more my own age though , instead of all at least a couple years older . 
  plus people i 've talked to who took it all seem to like law , so i dunno , kind of having a meltdown bout the whole thing . 
  do n't want to end up with a massive student loan either . 
  good to just rant and get it all out and see if anyone has any opinions / suggestions . 
   turns out have a few friends who have never been past the north shore, 
  sounds like me . 
  i 've been pretty much everywhere in nz except for east cape ( closest was napier then through to rotorua / tauranga ) and past north shore . 
  therefore , piss taste like salvation and productivity in the morning ? 
   but they will still have ways of getting their money back . 
  why do i have a feeling this involves kneecaps as collateral ? 
  nah , given it 's in rotorua the lake itself would probably do a number on you . 
  although , we did used to have snakes and crocs millions of years ago ( flamingos too ), 
  it 's one paper , but it 's a full year one . 
  political science is my major , so if i was doing law too it would probably be from more that sort of perspective than a judicial one, 
  whenever a political issue comes up and i 'm talking about it at home , dad always says something along the lines of `` when i become dictator of nz , what i 'll do is ... '' . 
  i 've concluded it 'd both be amazing and terrifying at the same time, 
  he 's wellington born and bred , i think his stance is obvious . 
  it 'll replace the union jack on the flag , from what i can gather, 
  need a server in hawaii so oltp and mltp can have decent bouts, 
  it 's australia . 
  that should be as much of an explanation as you need, 
  but they had that attitude , so it 's okay that i have it !, 
  i broke the no-preorder thing a couple weeks ago and pre-ordered atilla total war . 
  got a free dlc that i 'd eventually buy anyway , and got 25 % off , so i think it 's justifiable . 
  when did you last play rome 2 ? 
  the patches improved it tonnes , it 's a great game now . 
  attila has a lot more features and would be a great game , but coming from rome 2 it 's still in that phase where it 's pre-patches and everything is still new , so i 'm having to get used to new buildings and all that . 
  do n't get too carried away , it looses points for having western sahara and somaliland as independent, 
  i 've got the same map , and it 's only those two which are designated as separate . 
  kosovo too , from the look of it , but at least in that case it 's reflecting us foreign policy . 
  i should n't be allowed in bookshops anymore for my own good . 
  had to go in to buy a textbook , walked out with an extra $ 150 worth of books to add to the pile of books which i have n't read since last time i had to buy a textbook . 
  there goes the paycheck for the week, 
  any chance we could squeeze an african factions pack for rome 2 in there ? 
  there 's still one unused dlc slot from the look of it ... 
   pretty sure they 're asking for evidence of age and that student id really is n't a legally accepted version thereof . 
  they may accept it , though i doubt it , cos if shit comes down to it they 're responsible to the dla . 
  i went there a couple times last year , they asked for both student and proper id ( one of my mates had a student id but no actual id and she could n't get in until someone dropped off her passport ) . 
  students are allowed to bring a +1 in though , even if the +1 is n't a student, 
  there 's a new rooftop-ish one that just opened up by the corner of clyde rd and riccarton rd too ( in the idylic setting between ilam toyota and the old lawnmower shop ) . 
  have n't been in yet though , so do n't know what it 's like or whether it even is a proper bar and not just a bar / restaurant, 
  i 'd rather have a good quality proper nz news website, 
  i always thought that was the public gallery, 
  i 'd like to think that wheeler being called a dingo had at least something to do with this, 
  isis are in auckland !, 
  maybe we should deploy the troops here instead ? 
  nah , peak beard is just a myth perpetuated by big razor to scare people away from investing in beards, 
  from what i can gather , if national ( or act ) do n't win then it means they have to rely on united future or maori to pass votes , which means it 's not as much of a given as it is now with the puppet of the act party, 
   dunne could pretty much block whatever he does n't like, 
  unless the maori party supports it, 
  maybe they 're just open for breakfast at this point , and they 'll open for dinner / drinks later on ? 
  normally it 's because they do n't like the cities . 
  i mean , [ look at it ] ( http://www.livesaildie.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/auckland.jpg ) .
