  20 years down the track , when we 're worse off for this government , a possible surplus in 2015 wo n't mean jack shit . 
  you 're slowly infiltrating all of reddit , airz . 
  i 'm onto you ... 
  not just victoria , it comes up every couple years . 
  i think the denniston plateau has been approved for an open cast mine recently as well, 
  so we find ways to diversify the economy there . 
  economic prosperity does n't need to come at the expense of our most ecologically significant lands, 
  that article is bullshit , i read all the time !, 
  as much as i love the psych references , half the time they do n't make any sense . 
  i mean , if there 's an argument over a term and someone says `` i 've heard it both ways '' and then someone else says `` come on son '' that 's fine , it make sense . 
  i love seeing that . 
  but then someone says `` you heard about pluto '' and it makes no sense at all, 
  you did n't read the article , did you . 
  yeah , i should have clarified . 
  i do n't have an issue with it here , it fit perfectly in that thread . 
  he 's the reason there was n't a third - he would have thrown it back at them, 
  but not a third that was used, 
  must have been a good night, 
  well yeah , i get that . 
  but even with headphones which are perfectly fine , the sound quality is terrible . 
  that leads me to think that the issue lies with the drivers somewhere , and not with the speakers themselves . 
  hmm , that made it better but it 's still not right . 
  disabling and re-enabling the nvidia sound managers had no effect , would there be a different result if i removed them altogether ? 
  that got it to a point where i can listen to it and only a couple songs are still sounding tinny , which is miles better than it was . 
  thanks !, 
  [ according to that website ] ( http://unethicalhacks.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/unethicalhacks129.jpg ) , tax evasion and establishing bank accounts in the caymans is a life hack . 
  huh . 
  what if she tried to go tell the fbi about it , and they had to act against their own daughter ? 
  it 's not ironic , but it 's not a coincidence either, 
  bro , monique says you 're dumb . 
  only / u/airz23 has got a higher upvote count from me on res . 
  it used to be unidan , but then i switched computers and it reset . 
  it 's just as bad when you have none . 
  there 's a lagoon on the west coast ( either okarito or saltwater , i forget ) that has no visibility at all , so you 've got no idea what 's below you, 
  that 's not a challenge i hear , is it ? 
  should i bust out some nz scenery shots ? 
  i 'm sure / r/earthporn would beg to differ, 
  if netflix were looking to expand here next year , they 've likely already begun talks to acquire rights for the programs , meaning sky would already be in the discussions . 
  but the majority of programs seems to be aired on free tv at the moment , the only thing i can think of that would be major for sky would be soho and the movies , and i 'm not sure what sort of licensing movies have here, 
  oh sweet , just us then, 
  he 's on fire lately, 
  behind behind the wheel of a car on an empty open road sounds like heaven to me, 
  build self driving car, 
  remove ability for humans to control it, 
  convince everyone to use them, 
  remotely lock doors and override controls, 
  drive off cliff / to re-education centre, 
  google rules the world . 
  calling it now . 
  i 'd probably rather drive as far as i can and then walk . 
  although that reminds me a bit of [ the pedestrian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_pedestrian ), 
  that would be awesome - garamantes , nubia and axum , maybe with the gaetuli as a free-lc, 
  i think that 's more a case of the artist than in reality . 
  there 's a place you can go in new zealand where the mountains are along the fault and you can see how straight the alignment is . 
  the best image i can find at the moment is [ this one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/alpine_fault_srtm.jpg ) from wikipedia , which is pretty good for showing how ( relatively ) straight the line is, 
  eh , i 'm not going to argue whether it 's the longest . 
  that 's just what it 's called here when someone 's describing it, 
  it 's times like these that i 'm grateful for second hand car dealerships, 
  i just looked it up on google earth , the line is around just under 370 km long, 
  should call the engine the velociraptor , since it 's involving speed . 
  and then we could have space velociraptors . 
  oh god . 
  i think the names of the space shuttles reflected the mission rather well, 
  i think by that point you 'd be done with being scared , you 'd walk outside , sit down on the ground and make yourself a cup of tea . 
  i think their petrol station is actually on the fault line , if memory serves . 
  which makes it a fair bit worse, 
  depends on the cup , i suppose, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qqaxn.jpg ) does n't look so straight to me, 
  / r/imaginarycityscapes is my personal favourite of them, 
  there 's also botticelli 's [ the birth of venus ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nv3wxvd.jpg ) , although i think it may have been an earlier piece, 
  i just tried restarting my browser and it worked fine . 
  i did update my graphics driver between the two games though , so maybe that had an effect on it ? 
  imagine the reaction of the religion studies lot if the last supper showed up on one of the tables, 
  nah , i tried refreshing and closing / opening the tab and the issue persisted . 
  nah , they 're compiled photos from a vic facebook group, 
  kinda hard to do in the middle of a lecture hall, 
  nope , have n't got any scripts, 
  do n't blame him , he can not recall what counts as major, 
  it 's actually part of a semi-submerged continent , which would reach from hudson bay to haiti or from sweden to sudan, 
  why not ? 
  would n't it also mean that theoretically you could use it for fast transportation of cargo ? 
  singapore to london in ~ 2 hours ? 
  get it to where it 's economical and that would be huge, 
  wow mamba , that 's the second follower account i 've seen for you , you 're getting around, 
  but the same applies for everyone else in regards to it being speedtest.net , so the results would likely be based on the people interested in speed everywhere, 
  i dunno , a couple people i talked to said they might vote for the internet party simply because it 'd be a laugh having john minto in parliament . 
  terrible reasoning , but at the end of the day a vote is still a vote, 
  except the presence of colin craig also means two ( ? ), 
  other conservatives , which is too much of a price to pay, 
  i thought getting the electorate meant they could bring in people ? 
  but an electorate vote does n't count for a party vote , right ? 
  so they could win north shore but get 0 % of the party vote ? 
  sorry , first time voting this year . 
  frantically trying to brush up on it all . 
  it 's sunny but it 's bloody freezing . 
  it would be interesting to see how three major parties would play out . 
  national would stand no chance of winning since the left would have two major parties to the right 's one , so you 'd still need a coalition between labour and the greens . 
  but at the same time the greens would have more influence in the policy matters and may not necessarily have to require support from labour in every proposal, 
  it 's much better than the u2 subreddit , / r/u2band , which has under 400, 
  well yeah , i was meaning more if there were three major parties on roughly equal standing,
