  drama is a form of literature ( you 're not going to go and say shakespeare is n't literature ) and ( certain shows on ) television is simply a modern medium for drama performances as far as i 'm concerned . 
  therefore , i 'd count any tv or movies as literature , especially if games are being counted too, 
  last i checked , tv shows * are * written , they 're just performed in the public sphere, 
  just since i could n't add the context in the title , this is the prime minister of new zealand joking about a child abuser and rapist / murderer escaping from prison here and jumping on a flight to chile . 
  reddit gold , you say ? 
  how soon would you need it by ? 
  i * may * be able to get a photo in front of the chch cathedral sometime by the end of the week, 
  okay , i may be able to figure something out . 
  would holding up a copy of the local paper be okay , or does it need to explicitly be in nz ( ie in front of a kiwi icon thing . ), 
  a lot of the place names here where i am ( christchurch ) are english , so it could n't really be distinguished from the place name, 
  okay , so sorry for the weird facial expression , it 's a combination of not being used to smiling in photos and sun in my eyes , but hopefully this is okay . 
  edit : removed the link , i do n't want you buggers knowing what i look like, 
  awesome , thanks for the gold !, 
  good luck to him !, 
  the link for this is [civcolors.imgur.com ] ( http://civcolors.imgur.com ) too , in case anyone 's interested, 
  i thought / r/earthporn * was * / r/nzphotos ? 
  damn , is that all it takes ? 
  almost wishing i was n't doing a politics degree now, 
  i think the rule is that as long as it does n't interfere with the picture it 's fine . 
  since the lights here do n't have a major role in the image and it would look pretty much the same without it , i 'd assume it 'd be okay, 
  could we give nz first independence , please ? 
  yeah , i take photos too . 
  but mamba said he took one of his students out , and he 's part of a different faculty than what i 'm studying in, 
  oh yeah , most reddit silver per capita !, 
  must be high time for another one ? 
  have we figured out if it 's just the public games , or if it 's happening for groups too ? 
  i searched for kkk first , thinking nobody would leave it out of the title . 
  guess i was wrong : /, 
  i love how casually she said `` oh nah , i just denounced them to the secret police '', 
  because they 're free , and they have to give it to her , because if they do n't , isis ebola mcputin wins, 
   she begun yelling about how i am breaking consumer laws and something about isis , mall security proceeded to escort her out of the mall . 
  oh god . 
  i work retail in nz too , you know they have no idea what they 're on about when they start yelling `` but the consumer guarantees act says you 're wrong . '', 
  i 'm sorry , we actually get trained on the cga . 
  i 'm 90 % sure you just know it because you saw it on * fair go * once, 
  the achievements for the greek campaign were removed yesterday from the db , so i 'm guessing there was some sort of hold up and either they scrapped it or delayed it . 
  either way it 's a shame , hopefully we get it sooner rather than later or not at all, 
  what data ? 
  i thought that just said greek campaign , did n't mention persia at all, 
  honestly , there 's lots of great places ( as mamba has pointed out ) , but i 've found that pretty much going for a half hour drive in any direction is enough to get a pretty decent view of the starts on a clear night . 
  i got merit and excellence endorsements at level 2 and 3 respectively ( excellence at l1 too , but that was irrelevant ) and got a $ 3000 scholarship at uc because of it . 
  if you 're going with the organ , you could probably blend it into the end of one tree hill somehow that would sound amazing . 
  but they generally do n't perform one tree hill outside au/nz, 
  i reckon lemon into streets would sound great . 
  kind of like what they did with all i want is you , but instead of repeating `` all i want is you ! '', 
  repeating `` midnight is where the day begins '', 
  i , for one , welcome our new moa overlords . 
  merkel would just catch them and throw them back at you, 
  she 'd fit in well here, 
  serious question , is south park really so influential that as soon as they do something on their show it completely affects the public image of the character ? 
  ever since south park had lorde on it , i 've seen yayaya on every single thing about her anywhere , and references to randy marsh . 
  same thing happened with bono iirc . 
  not really , i mean i see references to psych and the simpsons all the time , but they hardly change the public image of a real person . 
  and if south park does that , why does it have such a huge effect ? 
  do n't beat yourself up too much , could easily pass off as an up-side-down satanist tattoo !, 
  you must say their name three times as you sacrifice a someball on a spike, 
  does this deal allow corporations to sue the government for doing their job ? 
  should wear a guardians of the galaxy t-shirt , or some obscure 80 's reference, 
   conservapedia is not, 
  oh shit , really ? 
  i always thought it was ... 
  now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'm going to go cry in a corner now that i realise they actually believe the dribble they write . 
  i do n't think he mentions them , but on the map it shows them controlling most of the middle east and retaining their european possessions in the balkans and around the black sea, 
  yeah , i do too . 
  i do n't have conversations with myself or talk for the hell or it or anything , but if i 'm trying to rearrange or stack stuff i 'll often end up going like `` okay , so if i put that there , and that over there then ... '' and talking myself through the process so that i can make sure everything 's going to work . 
  i find it 's also a lot more difficult if i do n't say anything and i just do it in my head, 
  after the cia she moved to the fbi ? 
  i wish they decided to call her kate now ... 
  i wonder if they 're going to burn all the bridges and make it clear the show is done , or whether there 's going to be a chance of someone else picking it up . 
  why 's it being cancelled , anyway ? 
  if it 's sorkin wanting out , why do n't they just do what they did on the west wing and keep going without him ? 
  i mean , the later series are n't as popular as sorkin 's ones , but they 're still pretty damn good imo, 
  emirates have reasonably cheap fares to the uk , and they do a sort of bus stop type thing . 
  sometimes there 's the extra stop of bangkok between sydney and dubai . 
  just took a quick look on webjet , a one-way trip on emirates is on average $ 400 - $ 500 cheaper than singapore airways , and up to $ 1000 cheaper than air nz . 
  so , back when a bunch of latin american countries were ruled by military dictatorships , critics of the regime ( or anyone who was deemed an enemy by the state ) would often be `` disappeared '' , that is abducted by the secret police or military and they would for all intents and purposes , ` disappear ' - no trace of them ever again , nor any acknowledgement of their disappearance by officials . 
  the song is about the * mothers of the disappeared , * a group of women who had their children ` disappeared ' during the dictatorships . 
  in this performance , the mothers joined u2 on stage with pictures of their children , shouting their children 's names through the microphone as it was broadcast live across chile . 
  and from the look of the comments , they want as little to do with reddit as possible . 
  god , that just shows how far stuff has declined . 
  first of all , they 're making a story out of a two second joke on a show that has taken jabs at nearly every possible target . 
  then it went completely against the title , by pointing out that milhouse in fact compliments the nz film industry . 
  next it goes off on a tangent about a hobbit themed couch gag from a season ago , which it then uses in the closing line to for some reason claim a win over australia using one of several simpsons references , which makes no sense at all in relation to the article . 
  tl ; dr : stuff is the person sitting at home on a friday night complaining to the broadcasting standards authority, 
  / r/newzealand : for all your unbiased news needs, 
  i seem to remember it used to be better than this , at least . 
  that said , it could have just been my low standards as a new year 9 high school student, 
  can this be his new name ? 
  i 'd also not be opposed to changing babyface mctraitorson to it , but i 'm not too fussed, 
  yeah , and skye 's father said he did n't realise they were so close . 
  could just be they figured it out at the same time ( hopefully ), 
  and here i was thinking nz internet is bad . 
  i just got an unlimited data plan with a standard speed of 20mb/s and a good speed of 30mb/s . 
  plus they 're rolling out fibre broadband down my street , but stopping at the intersection before my house and continuing at the one after it : /, 
  no , i think the co-worker ran them off the road because the navy guy reported him for drug use and got him dishonourably discharged . 
  then the co-worker framed the racecar driver by using his truck and then murdering him in it to make it look like a suicide, 
  do n't worry , they wo n't get to surplus * this term * . 
  but come election year , we 'll be * on the path to surplus !, 
  * and our economy will be ~ ~ run into the ground ~ ~ * on the right track !, 
  eh , it 's not that great .
