  only in this case the balloon is full of hot air and is surrounded by denser cool air on the outside, 
  so i 'm 20 today . 
  here 's hoping that the next 10 years are slightly more eventful than the last 10, 
  what i mean is that it 's the same principle . 
  the air in the balloon is less dense than the water , and when the air in a hot air balloon is heated up it becomes less dense than the surrounding air . 
  essentially , since less dense objects are lighter than more dense ones , it rises up and the balloon membrane is simply keeping it in place . 
  i 'd assume a fish tank pump would be fine , given some tanks are salt water, 
  mod of / r/newzealand here , when we found out about the doxxing on / r/auckland we investigated and then immediately got the admins involved . 
  we refuse to endorse any meetup run by them now unless we 're assured that those responsible have no involvement in the planning at all, 
  where did we make the front page ? 
  no politics . 
  no politics . 
  if that were true , we 'd also do the opposite , in which case you 'd be long gone, 
  removed , rule 12 . 
  i did n't see the posts in question when that happened , but dead rooster made a call as to their nature and thoroughly explained it to you , to which you responded with insults . 
  in the occasional cases where we do treat a post slightly different , it 's because we give a bit of leniency to users who seldom break the rules , as it 's likely they just made a mistake . 
  repeat offenders like yourself on the other hand , we 're less likely to do so for . 
  removed , rule 12 . 
  we 've got a couple 24 '' tellys at work that could work , but you might also want to look into just a standard [ pc monitor . 
  ] ( https://www.noelleeming.co.nz/shop/computers/computer-accessories/computer-monitors/c8001-c10198-c12351-p1.html ) most have hdmi input , and a fair few have built in speakers too ( my 23.6 aoc does , though the quality leaves something to be desired ), 
  the joke was that he posted it to / r/civ first by mistake , then it spread to every other strategy sub other than the proper one, 
  removed , rule 12, 
  everything 's a conspiracy to you , is n't it ? 
  in reality , we just got sick of the constant posts about it , and decided to enforce rule 12 since the posts had just become circlejerks on the topic of gardening . 
  thanks for taking the time to actually outline some of the concerns you have instead of just hurling abuse - we 'd definitely be open to reconsidering further down the line , but given the state of the subreddit and the amount of posts on the matter in such a short space of time we had to do * something . 
  * putting a blanket ban on all new submissions on the ban was the easiest way while we figure out where to go next , especially when most of the new submissions were essentially circlejerk shitposts . 
  once things calm down a bit we 'll look at redoing the rules and clarifying how things are handled here , so yeah . 
  hope that helps ease concerns a bit and explains our motivations behind the ban , let me know if you 've got any more issues and i 'd be more than happy to address them !, 
  the posts had become just a circlejerk . 
  we have a rule against circlejerk submissions . 
  what part of that is so fucking hard to understand ? 
  yeah , but for some reason there were a ton of shitposts with it this time, 
  oh shit , you went along ? 
  what 's it like ? 
  i actually kind of feel like the whole album centres around the middle east, 
  we had five of the six newest posts relating to gardens , one of which was literally john key with an avocado for a head, 
  if we let the votes decide , this place would literally be an anti-key shitposting circlejerk . 
  we need to have rules in place to keep this place reasonably on track, 
  as i said in another reply here somewhere ( though like all the others it 's been heavily downvoted so may not be visible ) the ban 's intended as a temporary measure while everything cools down a bit , at which point we 'll take stock and work out what we can do . 
  the simple fact of the matter is that there was beginning to be a garden ban circlejerk , which is against rule 12 . 
  until we work out where the line is that a post becomes part of a circlejerk , we 've classed all of it as one . 
  what about people who work weekends too ? 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  i suppose in some instances it 's true ( i work with a couple people who have taken every sunday off since they worked there just because of big nights on saturday ) but the problem is that higher-ups tend to paint everyone with the same brush on it and assume everyone 's the same in that regard, 
  antisock was banned for posting a pic of john key with an avocado for a head , which is pretty circlejerky anyway . 
  but we will go back and look at what happened for sure, 
  the garden ban ban or the user bans ? 
  at work right now , will let loose on a tirade later on, 
  most of the changes seem within the margin of error , but i 'm liking this downward trend for national now that it seems fairly consistent . 
  i always made sure to pass the ball as soon as i got it to make sure i never got tackled by the massive pacific island guys on the other team, 
  avocado shortage and price hikes were absolutely legit , they normally get expensive around this time of year when they 're out of season but for whatever reason they 're nearly inflating in price as fast as the auckland housing market . 
  it just so happened to coincide with the latest flare-up of the gardening ban joke , so we ran with it, 
  shit i thought the aussie one was the original and i 'm a kiwi, 
   who was it that made the call to make the ban, 
  we talked about it and decided that in light of how much it was taking over the subreddit and how it was becoming a circlejerk that it was the best course of action to impose a temporary ban while things cooled down . 
  it was never meant to be permanent , something which probably did n't come across in my post . 
   why was it you that posted it ? 
  contrary to how it might appear , i 'm one of the mods who looks more favourably upon the joke . 
  instead of just an outright `` posts about the garden ban joke are banned , '' i wanted to write it in such a way that it could still pass scrutiny and keep up the joke for people who were having it on elsewhere . 
   in an earlier thread you jumped the gun in assuming that additional mods were required . 
  completely unrelated , that was a result of a lack of a decisive call on the matter when i was drafting the post . 
  case in point is / r/accidentalrenaissance , which has become essentially / r/pics and a lack of moderation has led to the death of what made it cool, 
  it was a proper ban , but i kind of liked the joke before it got out of hand , so i tried to word it so that it could withhold scrutiny when the joke came up again elsewhere, 
   it 's american . 
  wait , seriously ? 
  i thought it was italian ? 
  damn , that 's a gorgeous map aesthetic . 
  great job , would love if you 've got more of them, 
  i thought you did n't drink ? 
  well i can only see that ending well when booze is involved . 
  most of my study is done the morning of the exam, 
  could probably work it in somewhere with matariki, 
  spoken like a true uni student , good job, 
  day off today . 
  probably gon na work on the civ 5 mod i 've almost finished , maybe go for a drive, 
   but without any of the crowds . 
  some places can get pretty crowded in the tourist season , milford sound in particular, 
  what if every ` studio ' episode is followed by another episode where they have to drive to the next location ? 
  like , after the south africa episode they have to drive to kenya / egypt for the next one ? 
  half the episodes start with drunken bets at the pub, 
  i would argue that regardless of other states our rate is objectively appalling , and if other states are worse then it 's more a case of them being worse than us being better, 
  well , not * really . 
  * i mean , if it were `` more people love john key than other politicians '' then maybe , but at the same time more people dislike him than like him . 
  it 's one of the reasons statistics can prove or disprove anything . 
  but that 's just being pedantic, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  umm, 
  i 'm working ? 
  but nah , i am working until 6 but i 'll see if i can knock off early . 
  still need to try and sort out logistics and all that , but i 'll do my best, 
  if not , i 'll shout you a drink at uni sometime to make up for it, 
  i was using studio to refer to the bits filmed with the audience in the giant tent, 
  i actually think this might be the case . 
  their description of the villain in the article above is much more grounded , like s1 - none of the magic / superpower / evil supervillain shit from later series . 
  imagine if flashpoint resets the last two seasons , and we 're back to having oliver star in a gritty daredevil-esque show alongside the black canary and everyone else , with felicity back to being a half-decent character . 
  working both , full day saturday and sunday . 
  and blue man group on sunday night, 
  whoops , sorry - meant to reply last night but forgot . 
  you 're probably better talking to / u/dirtyformal , he handles most of the css stuff now . 
  what was it you were wanting to do ?
