  [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/605/ ), 
  are the jokers christmas specials ? 
  are you referring to extremism or islam ? 
  either way , i do n't see them going anywhere anytime soon . 
  mate of mine is bi and as a result gets a bunch of guys pretty much straight out asking her for a threesome . 
  since it typically results in anything from just no to `` if you wanted to disappoint two people at once you could just have dinner with your parents , '' i 'd probably advise against doing that, 
  we do n't like to talk about hamilton ... 
  the rwc opening ceremony was awesome , but i think this is a very different sort of thing to it . 
  it was a lot more relaxed and open , like how cricket games normally are out here . 
  shapeshifter played a decent set with the fireworks after them . 
  they started around 10:15 local time, 
  to be fair , the top part ( which i 'm assuming is supposed to be the first mention of it ) mentions the part that 's not together with the stuff in the air that you breathe , which implies that it 's hydrogen, 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  i was beginning to get worried there . 
  well , we have n't heard about it on the news yet , so i think my advice of closing the curtains paid off, 
  * the * mit , or the one in manukau ? 
  the fireworks were apparently twice as big as usual , we were down at hagley park and there was a noise like thunder in the background that was the sound echoing off the port hills . 
  that 's a dll modification though , which wo n't be able to work with the 42 civ mod since that 's also a dll mod , and only one can be active at a time, 
  except that if we make a move without being formally invited then technically we 're invading iraq , which is n't the best move for international relations . 
  edit : did n't realise a general invitation had been made , so it 's slightly less of a warmonger-ish move, 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  i just discovered / r/showerquestions ... 
  i swear everyone in there is high, 
   pretty much the only civ in east africa is ethiopia . 
  what about kilwa ? 
  * it is a little known fact that gandhi actually had a close relationship with famed physicists albert einstein and robert oppenheimer , and that these men were great supporters of the indian independence movement . 
  in fact , they had a secondary means to indian independence planned in the event that the british did not concede and grant self-rule to the subcontinent . 
  this involved supplying gandhi and the independence movement vast quantities of atomic bombs and the means with which to deploy them , allowing them to rain nuclear hellfire upon the british empire until their demands are met . 
  it is rumoured that in late-stage negotiations with the british , gandhi made the threat that his words were ` backed by nuclear weapons '' *, 
   slightly off, 
  i must be way too tired , i ca n't think of any meaning for this other than you being electrical , and i 'm pretty sure you 're not a robot, 
  longbeards !, 
  there was a website which said `` longbeards culture pack '' , which could be a bunch of people with long beards or it could be a mistranslation of lombards, 
  i 'm not mad , i 'm just disappointed . 
  i 'm pretty sure even the small dogs count as full ones , not 1/2 ones . 
  flicking through the channels , and noticed good guy tv2 playing a kids movie in primetime louder than usual, 
  wish i 'd heard about it earlier , i 've got work at the same time . 
  last time they did it per capita iirc , so the population advantage rome 2 had was negated . 
  not sure if they 're doing it this time , but given they seem to be cheating a fair bit i do n't know, 
  i think it means cars are n't allowed in on weekends , except if you 've actually got a reason to be in there and are n't just driving through, 
  eh , groups like that do n't really look good on cvs for the sorts of jobs i 'm probably going to be going for , diplomacy tends to require fairly neutral policy positions, 
  yeah , but why make it for the whole weekend ? 
  why not just do what chch does and have it during night time hours all week ? 
  the africa ai only game had the boers get absolutely hammered into the ground by the zulus , ~ ~ it was great ~ ~, 
  should 've voted for the kilwa :(, 
  use the large scale ui option in the game options - disable `` automatically scale ui '' and `` use small-scale interface '' and the unit panel ( along with other things ) shows up like that, 
  parihaka , on the north island . 
  all of the polynesian civs also come with some form of embarkation immediately ( hawaii and rapa nui have ocean , other two coastal ) so that they can get off their islands . 
  the maori should be able to found anywhere up to six cities in nz , iirc, 
  i hope so , but given only one mc civ has made it through so far i 'm not sure . 
  plus now that tpangolin cut oceania down to three , plus put his philippines in it too despite them being better suited for oceania , i 'd be surprised if we get one : /, 
  i guess that explains why there are n't any hardware stores in indian films , all those screws all over the show, 
  but all of those are n't split between two countries . 
  well , unless you count cyprus . 
  but that 's a bit problematic . 
  i 'd say it 's more the same reason that abbott got in over in australia - the left had had leadership coup after leadership coup , and could n't guarantee a stable govt . 
  key and abbott both represented an alternative , which was united behind one figure and could guarantee a stable government in comparison . 
  if labour had stuck with just one leader throughout the last term we very may well have had them in power now, 
  we need to figure out a way to get people interested in politics . 
  make it so that they * want * to go and vote instead of feeling like it 's a chore or that they ca n't be bothered, 
  i heard they were protesting the sale of state houses, 
  i would have thought deciding who runs the country you 're living in would count as something which has some impact on your life, 
  depends if you 're doing it because of that , i guess . 
  yes they can . 
  all the polynesian civs ( and indonesia when using the poly civ pack ) can embark immediately on tsl maps . 
  rapa nui and hawaii have ocean embarkation , tonga , the maori and indonesia just have coastal, 
  official author announcement : all polynesian civs ( and indonesia ) can embark immediately on ynaemp tsl maps . 
  hawaii and rapa nui oceans , the rest coastal only, 
  you mean like i 've been for the whole goddamn competition ? 
   its ua is completely dependent on city-states, 
  you get the bonus from meeting civilisations too, 
  because base polynesia is terrible and as inaccurate as having elizabeth lead a civ with a nau uu and a chateau ui, 
  [ yep ] ( http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/law-order/balcony-fall-death-of-nz-tourist-warriena-wright-as-gable-tostee-fights-murder-charge-highlights-the-dangers-of-our-social-media-obsession/story-fni0fee2-1227051285017?nk=ab51e0caaa6df1fd947336b61d20ec02 ) :(, 
  in ynaemp they do, 
  the maori already have moas , so australia is screwed, 
  totally just a coincidence that the leader of it is hosting the competition , right ? 
  would depend on what timeframe we 're looking at , primarily the end point . 
  if it 's just attila then we 're extremely limited ; if it 's more of a medieval 3 then we 've got a bit more scope, 
  or while ynaemp is active , yeah . 
  i 've always wondered why australian cattle farms can be out in the middle of the outback , but cattle farms here need to be lush green paddocks all the time . 
  we should totally have a playoff section with sibirs vs huns, 
  yeah , defeated them and then proceeded to become japan-like in their warfare . 
  fought massive wars between iwi , invented trench warfare and used it to gain the upper hand in wars against the british ( to the point that the brits decided to solve things diplomatically instead of militarily because they could n't win , even with better weaponry ) - the palisades of maori pa were great at defending against gunshot too , since they 'd just bend instead of break, 
  only when using ynaemp , along with the rest of the polynesian civs and indonesia, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq_phyg9klc ), 
  we should catch them all and send 'em back to where they came from . 
  this is the only time my immigration views align with nz first, 
  the quote itself is meant more in a political context , i think . 
  something like how you had stalin locking up people who were critical of his rule or whatever . 
  in this context , i think it 's more a sign that his tinfoil hat is a bit loose, 
  or bigots , depends on how forceful you want to be, 
  eh , depends on the context . 
  if they 're talking about `` all these bloody ______ coming and buying houses '' or whatever then they 're xenophobic , but if they 're talking about a race / ethnicity / nationality in a general standpoint , such as in this case , then it 's not really xenophobic so much as bog-standard bigotry . 
  but do they have more cows per capita ? 
  but caused a fairly substantial amount of casualties to the brits in the process , which was more detrimental to them than the maori because the maori had home field advantage and could replenish quicker than the british , who were literally on the other side of the world . 
   also , i 'm pretty sure you 're just another troll . 
  i 'm having trouble figuring out if * you 're * a troll or not , to be perfectly honest . 
  i think we 're all in agreement here when we say that / u/ellaek56 was being a racist dickhead when he said `` fuck the jews '' . 
  but now you 've come in , and you 're lashing out at anyone who does n't agree with you 100 % , while making constant references to the holocaust . 
  and as / u/omgsauce said , and as all people with common decency would say , the holocaust was truly horrible , and one of humanities darkest periods .
