  the new leaderhead [ looks absolutely awesome ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ntdulb7.png ) . 
  or you could play them and intentionally lose ? 
  jfd 's a guy, 
  in the winter , no less . 
  imo , invisible sounds quite similar to some of the stuff in the all that you ca n't leave behind album , maybe check that out ? 
  so would becoming a republic open up a whole new kettle of treaty complaints ? 
  or they like it so much they 've left it alone ? 
  was looking through posts about the new u2 songs to see if reddit still hated them with a passion, 
  there 's a basic outline on how to get the feel of the image [ here ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=499730 ) , but a lot of it is finding motifs that fit . 
  i was lucky with sicily because of their flags , but for example with my [ maori map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fy1sfws.png?1 ) i had to search everywhere for a taniwha which fit the image , and with my [ seleucid map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ct1adad.png?1 ) just used their sun motif and a couple coins . 
  that said , if you want to check out some true masters at it , i would suggest you check out the maps of [ sukritact ] ( http://sukritact.deviantart.com/ ) and [ janboruta ] ( http://janboruta.deviantart.com/ ) , who are heaps better than i am at them . 
  * this just in : obama to use magical kenyan unicorn tears to power socialist spaceship to the stars *, 
  no , we would n't . 
  we 'd only have moon bases if the soviets were going to build them, 
  there 's got to be something [ in here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism ), 
  i think there 's a difference between flights . 
  i mean , i 'd happily put up with a cheap , no frills service on a short flight . 
  but if i 'm flying from here ( new zealand ) to london , i 'd spend a bit extra and have some of the extras you get from flying someone like air new zealand or emirates, 
  i 've had no experience with ryanair personally ( never been to europe yet ) , my comment was more in general with that type of service, 
  what about new zealand ? 
  we had a big one here a couple years back , but it was n't on the actual plate boundary . 
  what 's the situation looking like for us ? 
  aha , now we know the origin story !, 
  well that 's a good sign . 
  i suppose we could n't get much more munted at this point though, 
  oh , well aside from the eastern suburbs sinking into the pacific , of course, 
  assuming everything goes to plan . 
  i really wish they knocked down a few more buildings though instead of repairing them , you 're going to have ugly old buildings in the middle of an awesome new city, 
  i do have a worry though that the rebuilding is going to get rid of the vibe the city has got over the past few years with gapfiller and stuff like the pallet pavilion and all that though, 
  of course , but even if we had a couple open spaces for temporary installations or whatever , allow people 's creativity to be part of the city, 
  that , and i really want restart to stay, 
  we 're slowly putting tsl into our modded civs - currently only india and the buccaneers from the more civs project have it , but there 's a patch for it and we 're updating the original civs as we find time, 
  indeed , and if you ask them they are the only upvotes and having an upvote gif with reddit coloured ones is blasphemy, 
  tell them the soviets got there first , which is why it 's red . 
  need to go and give mars some space-freedom, 
  op is the trotsky to / u/sovietbear 's lenin, 
  that post has had over 60,000 upvotes . 
  i do n't think it 's necessary, 
  i get that every morning on diameter - being in nz means i 'm awake before the aussie players , so i 'm usually alone until about 7am or so when some other kiwis show up, 
  should be able to get it once we get the episode proper, 
  if five policemen emptying their guns on one of the mirakuru guys does n't kill him , an arrow stabbed into him wo n't either . 
  he 's back and fighting , i guarantee it, 
  wo n't work if sarah dies, 
  i think there 's a lot more than two, 
  but with wwi and wwii they only need to add one extra letter , which they can then add onto again for wwiii !, 
  [ comment deleted or removed ], 
  maybe it 's because of what happened at the end of the last episode ? 
  would there be the howling commandos ? 
  that could be a cool tie-in with shield if we had triplett 's grandfather show up in agent carter, 
  not really , that was the photo shared on twitter by a reviewer or something, 
  they 're in the box together , i ca n't see how only one of them could die unless they got separated or something, 
  that sounds more likely , but the way moviebob words it makes it sound like he wo n't make it out of the box, 
  it could very well be simultaneous . 
  he ca n't be in two places at once , so he has to choose between rescuing laurel and felicity in different parts of the city, 
  i hope that the writing for ncis : nola is better than ncis is at the moment, 
  i do n't think it would be too bad , given what it 's been like with deeks and kensi . 
  most of the time , if anything comes up it 's right at the end of the episode when it 's the `` we 're going for drinks '' bit . 
  video is n't loading either for me , and i know how bad our media can get with their stories ( did somebody say witch hunt ? ), 
  so probably best to take the whole thing with a bunch of salt, 
  maybe a mcu network kind of thing with all of the subreddits for the tv shows and / r/marvelstudios ( are there other ones for the separate movies / characters or not ? ), 
  i looked at it and could have sworn he was [ bashar al-assad ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lac0vfc.jpg ) ( the syrian dictator guy ), 
  do n't forget richard pearse , the guy that some say flew before the wright brothers after building a plane in his shed . 
  but yeah , pretty much . 
  it 's a number 8 wire kind of thing, 
  i 'm beginning to think it 's almost time to ban pen islands . 
  but there 's no specific rule against it , except maybe the one about oc, 
   nyet , is capitalist propaganda comrade . 
  ftfy, 
  my primary school had a kid going around selling raro ( powdered cordial ) in little ziplock bags ... did n't go down well when the teachers found out there was a kid selling powder in little bags for $ 1.50 each ( would probably make close to $ 20 off a single packet of raro ), 
  i 'm thinking it cures the insanity , which is why roy is able to fight alongside oliver against slade 's army, 
  that could be why the shares were doing well , if he was buying them all up, 
  disclaimer : i have no idea how any of this sort of thing works, 
  the white bars are what make it appear 3d , without it the effect is ruined, 
  what did it say ? 
  i reckon it 's going to be 2016 - it 's the 25th anniversary of the launch of civilization 1 , they 'd be stupid to not have fanfare, 
  the res upvote count next to your name just keeps getting higher and higher , great job on this one !, 
  i 've always wondered , how do you get a night shot that looks like day , like you 've got here ? 
  is it just a case of a long exposure , or is there more to it ? 
  i 've taken 30 second exposures at night before that are pitch black , so i think i 'm doing something wrong, 
  we 've pretty much conquered / r/earthporn , nz posts are almost always extremely popular, 
  i first released this back in december 2011 , but it never got updated to bnw because i was waiting on a cover image . 
  well , i finally got around to releasing it and even included a brand new wonder as compensation !, 
  avenue habib bourguiba, 
  requires steam power, 
  provides +5 culture, 
  a free stock exchange appears in the city, 
  great mosque of aleppo, 
  requires physics, 
  provides +3 faith , +2 culture, 
  +3 production for every religion in the city, 
  martyr 's square, 
  requires military science, 
  +20 xp for new land units in this city, 
  pearl monument, 
  requires electronics, 
  provides +2 culture , +2 great engineer points, 
  receive a one-off payment of 500 gold upon completion , and a free great merchant, 
  requires archaeology, 
  +2 culture, 
  +10 happiness upon adopting an ideology,
