  to give an example , cl 's mexico ( which is commonly thought of as tpangolin 's ) was coded by leugi , who also did art alongside janboruta , with pedias by viregel . 
  the only involvement which tpangolin had on the civ was a hand in designing it , which leugi also contributed to . 
  in much the same vein , tpangolin is now collecting donations for hosting a game in which civs from eleven different projects with 59 authors between them ( that 's on the civs alone , the extra mods push the number even higher . ), 
  while i get that running one of these requires a fair bit of work , it does n't negate the work of those people who worked hard to make it even possible in the first place . 
  now , if the modders who made those civs also saw some of the proceeds there would n't necessarily be as much of an issue , as it means that everyone who has been involved in making the battle royale a reality is fairly compensated . 
  i would n't say i deserve any given how shit i am at updating civs , but jan 's work has come to define a lot of the major mods which form the backbone for both the civ 5 modding community and the battle royale and yet he has n't seen a cent from anything here yet as far as i know . 
  as it stands now however , despite the work of dozens of people in making the equally numerous mods which are being used , tpangolin is collecting all of the money simply because he is the one who takes the screenshots and presents the results ( i 'm aware that i 'm underestimating the work involved , it 's just to emphasise the point ), 
  as far as a donation being fair , i 'd agree that it 's fair for the consumer - it allows them to choose whether or not to contribute and still get access to the same content . 
  yet for a modder , seeing someone make just under $ 300 a month for clicking next turn and taking screenshots of their civs can be a little insulting , especially when this is just supposed to be a hobby . 
  okay , so i still forgot to do a full write up , but i have n't just come with apologies this time . 
  i 've worked up a loose route map which would encompass most of the stuff i 'd suggest seeing . 
  i probably would n't recommend following it completely because you 'd miss out on some awesome areas ( kawerau gorge and paradise come to mind ) but it 's a start . 
  it also boasts not having any double backs except when it 's impossible not to , ie . 
  on a one way road like milford . 
  [ part 1 ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/jiytz ) is from picton to cromwell down the west coast and through southland , while [ part 2 ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/atmbb ) covers the rest of the drive criss-crossing the centre and east of the island on the way back up to picton . 
  if you want i can outline what i 'd suggest seeing across the route ( hopefully tomorrow , but i wo n't promise it this time ! ), 
  sorry , forgot again - just posted a map now , can still go over some of the highlights too if you want, 
  oh , then i 'm sorry but i ca n't support you . 
  if you were talking about palmerston north , on the other hand ... 
  paid mods are a completely different kettle of fish . 
  i think they can work , but they way that it was done was a complete mess and resulted in skins for $ 99 or whatever . 
  they can work , but not like it was done there . 
  at any rate , that 's still different to what we 're talking about here . 
  i think they were talking more in the context of general history , not just in ca games, 
  my little brother now officially has had more luck with girls in his first half of high school than i had in the whole thing . 
  not quite sure how to feel about that . 
  yeah , that sounds about right, 
  what , you mean / u/terriblebob was n't the one to post that ? 
   the last time i played billiards , i struck my cue into a guy 's stomach cos he was standing behind me , so i ca n't say i 'm too confident with billiards xd, 
  last time i played pool i put the pool cue through the guy 's roof because i forgot i had it, 
  nah , was a low roof and i cheered because i finally sunk one, 
  yeah , he 's in one of the ncea years . 
  ca n't remember which, 
  oh , um , i 'm busy that night . 
  wo n't be able to make it . 
  but nah , all seriousness i 'll try to come this time - looks like labour weekend is before all my exams so that should be fine . 
  although bloody pols has one on the first day of exams and the last day so my exam period lasts the whole time . 
  as long as the vegetarian place has steak i 'm happy . 
  i 'm going to keep telling myself that, 
  dad pls, 
  nah , i always end up having to cancel last minute , which is why i made the joke . 
  pretty sure i already know some of you though , which will make things interesting, 
  edit : just realised how creepy that came across as , promise i 'm not a creep or whatever . 
  just remember someone here being besties with a good friend of mine , so i have a feeling i may know them already, 
  you ca n't / thread yourself, 
  i think he was at about 30,000 feet somewhere over the pacific ocean, 
  iirc it 's also against the eula , since we 'd be making money off of firaxis ' product, 
  holy shit , / u/convertstometric has a flair, 
  strongly discourage is still just a suggestion , though, 
  except you do n't have it to yourself any more, 
  this has nothing to do with the use of the mods , it has to do with tpangolin profiting off using them, 
  could also be that this is using 2014 data or something and they were degraded since then, 
  and they 're still going to abandon each other when they break down, 
  i kind of wanted to , i never show up in these at all, 
  managed to come down with a cold just a couple days after getting over the last one . 
   along stuff created and distributed freely , such as your mods, 
  distributed freely because it 's against the eula to monetise mods - we 're not allowed to make any money off a game created by another party, 
   * savings in bank = bad, 
  is this only for interest rates , or would the money there be at risk ? 
  oh okay , so if i 'm just putting money away and any interest is just a bonus it would n't really have any effect ? 
  oh shit , that makes sense . 
  so is the ocr the amount that increases ( so $ 1000 would be worth $ 1027.50 ) or is that something different entirely ? 
  sorry , i 've never been taught finances or anything . 
  is n't that what happened in 2007/2008 though ? 
  what 's stupid about it ? 
  iirc the creyke or whatever it is has some , but that 's not the greatest place, 
  do you have a pool table ? 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  yeah definitely - was fine outside with blue skies and sun one minute , five minutes later it 's dark as anything outside, 
  ** turn-based strategy / 4x **, 
  given i have over 4000 hours between civ 5 and it 's modding tools i feel like i should recommend that . 
  rome 2 is pretty good too , although it 's sort of a mix between tbs and rts, 
  patches improved it hugely , it 's an amazing game now - probably my favourite total war game . 
  currently playing a game where i 've conquered europe as sparta and now have a [ giant front line ] ( http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/420313597247021150/7390a63133478439877270f1d979d13d1e019cba/ ) spanning from kazakhstan to oman, 
  it stands for explore , expand , exploit , and exterminate , the four things you tend to do in the games, 
  how long are you planning to have out here ? 
  what 's the most efficient solar panel currently ? 
  you still moving out next year ? 
  good , then i wo n't go on about it again, 
  as long as you do n't wimp out and stay again, 
  eh , i could n't get in to euiv - too complicated . 
  civ 5 is the perfect middle ground imo, 
  do you use mods at all ? 
  because if not you 'll probably love-hate me even more, 
  what mods do you use ? 
  can i have the save ? 
  i 'd love that start !, 
  there should be an autosave from turn 0 in the files, 
  where he is now though he can settle a second city on the northernmost land tile there, 
  do you use any civ mods ? 
  i feel like i should plug [ my ones ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=494241 ) , but there are a bunch of others that are really good to use . 
  there 's also quite a few which add new mechanics that are worth checking out - events & decisions , piety , exce , mercenaries and so on . 
  beeline optics , monument  shrine first then depending on how far optics is off either a trireme or a pathfinder . 
  after that , get the workboats sorted out quick while researching the infrastructure techs and then build a worker and start improving the tiles, 
  nah , pretty sure that was someone else, 
  i 'm guessing it 'd be the `` imagine there 's no heaven '' verse - might be troubling to someone who just lost a loved one . 
  you 'd need to explore , but there 's a chance that a city there would have control over a strategic waterway , which would be a big advantage - especially with the extra tiles of the shoshone, 
  definitely similar , but nowhere near as bad as having the nzte logo as the flag . 
  this one is a logo of a small engineering company on the east coast of the us with a slightly different aspect ratio and colours , which on the surface has no link to nz . 
  the nzte logo on the other hand is a prominent corporate logo within new zealand , which is much closer to the original design and colours than otherwise .
