  david cunliffe is pissing me off at the moment . 
  he 's refusing to step down , ensuring labour is going to be divided for at least another six months and allowing national to play the ` house divided ' card in 2017, 
  extrapolation time !, 
  so far , based on one data point , we 've got a 100 % turnout for the greens . 
  they are now the leader of the opposition, 
  has n't he already said he wants a primary ? 
  ffs man , have a bit of respect . 
  i 'm non-religious too , but i do n't go shouting from the rooftops `` god is n't real '' . 
  and if you 're doing that , you 're just as bad as the religious people whom you presumably despise . 
  personally , i 'd love to have a national anthem praising zeus, 
  careful there , tame iti . 
  is that stewart island ? 
  god knows the only reason someone would go is if they 're forced to, 
  edit : stewart , not stuart . 
  probably , but i think one candidate needs at least 60 % to stop a primary , meaning if they split vote between three or so candidates they 're going to a primary, 
   if it 's held and no expense is required, 
  except for the [ `` colossal waste of money '' ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/political/218494/referendum-an-utter-waste-of-money,-says-key ) that is a referendum , according to john key himself, 
  the voting paper should come with coloured pencils and we have to draw what we want in the box provided . 
  was n't labour improving in polls before he took over ? 
  i 'm sure it would have been closer if he 'd been leader the whole time , but he 's been defeated in an election and i 'm not sure he 'd be able to win if he stood again in 2017 . 
  i love how the ad is right below the link to the article about how it 's illegal, 
  functionally changes little , but symbolically it means that national did n't win a majority on its own and still needs a coalition to govern . 
  [ link for the interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nwnzyx4tb4&amp;sns=tw ), 
  they only give units if you 're not already at war , so that you do n't get ten units each when city state allies attack, 
  of the whole show ? 
  not legally , but the last week tonight youtube channel has a lot of the main segments uploaded to it, 
  if you want a park , hagley park is just to the west of you and is the third biggest inner-city park in the world ( behind hyde park and central park . ), 
  i 'm not an expert on the night life of the city , especially since a lot of it got damaged after the earthquake , so i 'll leave that to someone more experienced, 
  he 's from chch , the earthquakes do n't come round here much anymore . 
  i think it 's more if kids are playing around , and one shuts the other inside the boot then runs away . 
  the kid is now trapped in there , with his parents oblivious . 
  although , i do n't know how anyone could afford kids and a ferrari ... 
  hell , i could have sworn that was true . 
  maybe it 's the third biggest within a cbd or something ? 
  looks great on pixelvision, 
  at the end of the day it 's what ordinary kiwis want . 
  or we could say that every day was christmas and nobody would ever be able to advertise, 
  election night , maybe ? 
  indy was secretly ssr, 
  damn , your username is right, 
  i think for information purposes it 's okay to refer to him by his original name, 
  just realised that if you 're playing as the inca it 'd be 12 move , would n't it ? 
  edit : okay , apparently it does n't . 
  that 's a shame , i was looking forward to an army of incan super bazookas, 
  also , was n't she like that when they were stuck at the end of s1 ? 
  i was wondering when tv subreddits would start trending , now that they 're coming back on . 
  glad to see / r/gotham is the first, 
  and i would never have thought ` piano ' could rhyme with ` bandana ' and yet [ here we are ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rfoqajbbfi ), 
  i think it 's going to be more like napoleon was to empire , personally . 
  a more polished version of the game in a similar time period and region focusing on the conquests of a single great figure . 
  i think the lean is a serif , like this :, 
  not official , but we 'll find out in a couple hours, 
   for an addition 5,000 gems , we will also gave you the u.s house of representative , free of charge . 
  free of charge for only 5000 gems ? 
  what does it say about the mod that put it there if they do n't think this is wtf ? 
  omg i ca n't even, 
  i think if you buy it as a gift and store it to your steam inventory you 'd be able to redeem them from there once you get rome 2 . 
  do n't hold me to that though, 
  god i hope so . 
  labour needs to be a united front for the whole term this time, 
  pretty sure you 're the only person here that does n't understand what / u/bitkrow13 was doing there . 
  what the governments of the world are doing now is exactly the same as what the nazis were doing to keep their population in check . 
  iirc the nothing to hide argument is from them as well, 
  holy crap that would be great . 
  ~ ~ plus it would paint the right as homophobic , because you know they 'd pull that card out ~ ~, 
  edit : okay , apparently the left is just as homophobic . 
  my first thought hearing the name was a mix of helen clark and david cunliffe , which was pretty terrifying . 
  how so ? 
  afaik fots was a standalone expansion , napoleon is a standalone game focused on a similar time frame around a main figure in history, 
  would it be naive to hold out hope for a new dlc or two ? 
  i was more holding out for an africa faction pack , i want to conquer the world as axum . 
  i thought it was robertson as leader and ardern as deputy, 
  i had the sand empires pack active , but for some reason i could n't launch the emperor edition with them, 
  that just gave me some hope on it , thank you !, 
  i think it 's also there in civ , to some extent . 
  sure , there 's a wait of about 5-6 years between the main games in the franchise , but since civ 4 ( i do n't know about anything earlier ) you 've generally had a few years of support , expansions etc then a standalone game on the same engine , based on a time-frame . 
  civ 4 had colonisation after bts but before civ 5 , and civ 5 has beyond earth after bnw and presumably before the continuation of the franchise, 
  to be fair , the ` tradition ' ( for want of a better word ) is that the leader of the opposition steps down after the election , so a few leadership changes are to be expected . 
  what was detrimental was the coups and primaries which labour saw through the entire second term in opposition , which hopefully wo n't happen this time if labour wants to get in in 2017, 
  unit standards were scrapped with the new curriculum for the most part , i think . 
  well , they 're sort of still there , but you can get merit and excellence now , so they 're essentially the same thing as achievement standards . 
  also , the endorsement thing is 50 credits . 
  if you get 50 credits at excellence level you get an excellence endorsement ; if you get 50 total credits between merit and excellence but not 50 excellence credits you get a merit endorsement, 
  i 'm not sure what it 's like where she goes to school , but where i went you needed to get 14 credits to move up a level . 
  i think nzqa requires 12 to pass the subject , but in order to take the subject at level 2 my school required you to either have special permission to do so from the hod or get 14 credits in the subject from taking it at level 1 . 
  another thing that 's worth mentioning are subject endorsements . 
  iirc , if you get either 14 or 15 credits in one subject at a level you can get that particular subject endorsed . 
  so , if the girl is really good at maths and was routinely getting merits and excellences , there 's a chance she 'd be able to get `` level 3 mathematics with merit '' or whatever , even if she did n't get an endorsement on her course overall . 
   ( ie anything higher than an achieved ) . 
  for clarity , this is anything higher than or including achieved . 
  it 's only standards which she gets a not achieved result in which wo n't count towards the total, 
  as long as one of them is african i 'll be happy, 
  i do n't know , i would have been only a few months old in ' 96 . 
  all i remember is english resigning after ' 02 , brash resigning after ' 05 . 
  clark resigning after ' 08 , and goff resigning after '11, 
  ah , so it may have become a thing after 2002 ? 
  seems every leader of the two major parties since then has resigned after losing, 
  so ... if i have a plane to catch or something at 2:30 , does it disappear into the mists of time ? 
  skipped a year at school ? 
  either north africa or down axum / meroe,
