  fair enough , i assumed since we do n't know the full member list that the burned accounts were all people involved trying to cover their tracks . 
  i 'm not trying to plead anything or play a role - as a mod i ca n't do my job properly if people do n't trust us . 
  and doing shit behind closed doors is what caused this mess in the first place , so i figured that addressing people 's concerns in the open was a better course of action . 
  if people saw a silence when someone asks about this stuff ( which is always what brings it up ) then there would just be more rumours and questions than if i address it head-on . 
  oh fuck , i completely missed that link . 
  yeah , that looks bad . 
  i 'm still not cool with you constantly having him up about it , but unless he 's able to provide proof that his claims were well-founded then i 'm inclined to agree with you about it . 
  sorry about the accusation of it , though like i said i 'm still a bit iffy about the reminder side of things, 
  i think you 'd need to get waterproof socks to throw for a start, 
  it 's single digits outside already , and the sun 's only just coming up now . 
  i 'm not ready for this shit, 
  cheers , hopefully that 'll help calm things down . 
  if he keeps badgering you about it then that 'd be grounds for harassment too , so give me a yell if he does n't let up, 
  yeah , i 'm counting anything by a new zealand band, 
  there was a norwegian political drama thing i watched the first episode off too , that seemed decent enough but i ca n't remember its name . 
  trapped sounds decent , is it somewhere legal to watch ? 
  been meaning to give the night manager a shot , have n't had a chance yet . 
  just had a look into it , was thinking of [ okkupert / occupied ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/okkupert ), 
  yeah , the west 's real screw up was creating a massive power vacuum and then abandoning it to leave the country collapse in on itself . 
  had we stayed a bit longer and helped mediate the construction of a stable political system amongst the rebels you would n't have anywhere near as much of a shitstorm there as you do now . 
  shit , this might have more than the space one did . 
  should probably give me enough bands for nz music month too, 
  yeah , came up on netflix one day and figured i 'd check it out . 
  cheers for the suggestion , i 'll try and track borgen down . 
  i 'm guessing it 's subtitled ? 
  at least we lasted longer than the aussies, 
  iraq was a mess , and much of what they did was more like colonialism than statebuilding - giving foreign companies unhindered access to iraqi oilfields , lacking any local involvement in top levels of government , having the main presence as a military one and so on . 
  similar story with afghanistan , though it was n't quite as bad and you actually had the un involved in the statebuilding side of things . 
  instead of having it as a military occupation like you had in iraq , you 'd have a peacekeeping mission as the main force on the ground while foreign advisors work with local government to create the state institutions instead of seeking to replace them . 
  yeah , was occupied . 
  there 's a version with subtitles on netflix which is what i was using , have n't found a dubbed version, 
  i think the implication is that it 's a fairly big assumption, 
  have you tried x-posting to / r/newzealand ? 
  shit , [ this graph ] ( http://graphtv.kevinformatics.com/tt2193021 ) shows just how bad it is . 
  even s3 was largely steady , but s4 has taken a nosedive and 4.16 is the first episode ever to score less than an 8 . 
  yeah , but there are people in christchurch that do n't browse / r/chch , and people in / r/nz that might know someone down here that could help, 
  my drive to work is 20 minutes on a bad day , normally under 10, 
  apparently lydia is n't on spotify for some reason ... 
  [ is this them ? 
  ] ( https://play.spotify.com/artist/7heilktjzgbxw0pbczf77l ) seems to be a couple of different artists under that name, 
  looks like it 's greyed out along with a bunch of the other songs , which seems a bit shitty but oh well, 
  sorry , [ this one ? 
  ] ( https://play.spotify.com/artist/5gmyheuetpzuwgev0dbqqa ) your link just went to a search page, 
  can either just post the same thing over there or a link to this post with a bit more of a descriptive title, 
  awesome , added a couple of their songs . 
  you 're seriously not going on with that ` all muslims are terrorists ' bullshit are you ? 
  did people say all irish people were terrorists during the ira attacks , or that all french people were terrorists after the rainbow warrior ? 
  yeah , it 's insane . 
  / r/europe used to be cool , now it 's pretty much a clone of / r/european, 
  there are no-go zones in american cities too , are you ignoring them because they do n't fit the narrative ? 
  as opposed to what , exactly ? 
  are you implying that most muslims agree with the actions of the extremists ? 
  or that you do n't have muslim forces fighting against isil or al-shabab ? 
  [ citation required ], 
  it 's funny how people try to beat the terrorists by doing exactly what the terrorists want, 
  okay , nothing in that thing says anything about beheadings * at all * . 
  it says a majority in * some * countries are in favour of imposition of sharia law , and also says this :, 
   how do muslims feel about groups like isis ? 
   recent surveys show that ** most people in several countries with significant muslim populations have an unfavorable view of isis ** , including virtually ** all respondents in lebanon and 94 % in jordan ** . 
  relatively small shares say they see isis favorably . 
  in some countries , considerable portions of the population do not offer an opinion about isis , including a majority ( 62 % ) of pakistanis . 
   favorable views of isis are somewhat higher in nigeria ( 14 % ) than most other nations . 
  among nigerian muslims , 20 % say they see isis favorably ( compared with 7 % of nigerian christians ) . 
  the nigerian militant group boko haram , which has been conducting a terrorist campaign in the country for years , has sworn allegiance to isis . 
   more generally , muslims mostly say that ** suicide bombings and other forms of violence against civilians in the name of islam are rarely or never justified , including 92 % in indonesia and 91 % in iraq . 
  ** in the united states , a 2011 survey found that 86 % of muslims say that such tactics are rarely or never justified . 
  an additional 7 % say suicide bombings are sometimes justified and 1 % say they are often justified in these circumstances . 
   in a few countries , a quarter or more of muslims say that these acts of violence are at least sometimes justified , including 40 % in the palestinian territories , 39 % in afghanistan , 29 % in egypt and 26 % in bangladesh . 
   in many cases , ** people in countries with large muslim populations are as concerned as western nations about the threat of islamic extremism , ** and have become increasingly concerned in recent years . 
  about two-thirds of people in nigeria ( 68 % ) and lebanon ( 67 % ) said earlier this year they are very concerned about islamic extremism in their country , both up significantly since 2013 . 
  so next time before you try and use statistics to back up your bigoted arguments , how about you read the fucking article yourself first . 
  only every so often ? 
  must be too busy doing shit behind the scenes . 
  hopefully have another ama coming up soon, 
  we 've got some massive fuck-off sound systems at work that 'd do the job . 
  only ever brought by farmers so that they can hear their music across their property, 
  [ you have to start with hello ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3s6tfia8c8 ), 
  pig and pigeon islands is it ? 
  what 's the valley in the background ? 
  my creative project is going to be bullshitting an assignment before it 's due at 5, 
  have you tried going to one of the / r/chch meetups ? 
  there 's normally drinking involved , but / u/jahemian seems to make everyone feel welcome and i know there are a couple of non-drinkers that go too and that 's fine, 
  working on an announcement post now , but figured i 'd just make a quick post in here saying that we 've finally sorted out the details after a couple months of back-and-forward , and somehow we 've managed to get an ama with the right honourable prime minister , john key , for the subreddit . 
  looks like it 'll happen in the back end of april at this stage , but this is huge so if people can try and be on their best behaviour for it that 'd be awesome . 
  ( replies to this do n't count as political ), 
  yeah , that 's what his people were worried about . 
  managed to convince them with the ones from last election year though , and the geonet one, 
  every year, 
  read the date , it 's a legit press release . 
  no , i 'm meaning it 's from 1997 , when jim bolger actually retired . 
  it 's not an april fools day thing, 
  was wondering how long it 'd take, 
  we were actually fairly well behaved for the colin craig ama, 
  oh , that 'd make sense . 
  i thought the greenstone was further down , must just be the angle of the shot . 
  can it just run off a normal powerpoint , or do we need to look at establishing electric charging stations ? 
  yeah but vegetarianism is a choice , you 're not allergic to meat, 
  and there 's no fighting in the war room, 
  what happened to alliance ? 
  were they just replaced by the greens , or did something else happen to them ?
