  2 ( apr. , 1950 ) , pp . 
  click the one with the version number , i think it 's the top one . 
  it should download automatically , then just open the rar file and put the contents into your mods folder, 
  air new zealand did that once for an april fool 's joke - offering $ 9 fares on domestic routes for a handhold only . 
  the website got updated saying it was april fool 's so i have n't got the original link , but yeah, 
  the file that should download if you click on the link, 
  can you take a screenshot of what happens ? 
  mine comes up with a blank page but downloads the file in the background, 
  there are lots of them - chola gets a unique great admiral replacement , mughals get an enormous cannon , maratha has sepoys . 
  more will be revealed when they 're released ( hopefully soon ), 
  you should post a save over in / r/civsaves, 
  yeah , but people still regard it as a poor game because of issues that were left unpatched . 
  having an empire 2 would give a chance for ca to do it right , with new mechanics and have an expanded time frame . 
  i 'd love to see , as one user here put it , `` ca and paradox have a baby '', 
  but if you had empire 2 you could include those areas anyway , as well as africa , the americas and so on, 
  victoria could get away with omitting the americas and just having europe , africa , asia and australia . 
  but then you 'd be omitting the states , which seemed to have a bit of influence by this point . 
  i just want to see africa proper in a tw game, 
  i reckon it ruins them , personally . 
  they 'd look too much like theme park attractions in bright colours, 
  does n't it usually have more than one murder in an episode too ? 
  we get it over here in ~ ~ the colonies ~ ~ ~ ~ antipodes ~ ~ new zealand, 
  this is my favourite bit of hetty 's backstory since ' i was president of nicaragua ', 
  is this more serious than ncis : red , or is it still just on the drawing board ? 
  i like to think ( possibly overly optimistically ) that russia knows the cost of using its nuclear arsenal , and that doing so would result in an acting out of the mad scenario that was present in the cold war . 
  if there is a war , i would hope that nuclear weapons would not be used , and if they were it would only be as a last resort in a defense against a war of agression, 
  not if it 's on quick, 
  along with everyone else - conquering the world as venice is great fun, 
  i 've only been playing for a couple years , but have everything since medieval 2 . 
  i 've got quite a few mates who play too , some of whom have been playing for longer than me and some who only just started with rome 2, 
  always refreshing to see how objective new zealand media is, 
  i 'm taking bets on when the announcement that it 's delayed until 2016 will be, 
  these were from an askreddit thread a while back , were n't they ? 
  sounds familiar, 
  even more . 
  there 's [ this article ] ( http://www.atu2.com/news/last-gang-in-town.html ) from 2009 saying they were hoping to release a companion album to nloth back in 2009 :, 
   u2 expects to release a companion album , which band members say will have a more meditative and processional tone , before the end of the year . 
  why a bad feeling ? 
  surely if there are corrupt regimes then the people instigating a revolution in the name of freedom is a good thing , no ? 
  that makes me sound like a commie . 
  science , they do n't call it a bs for nothing, 
  i disagree , i love greece 's theme, 
  just the right amount of tyrian purple , good show !, 
  nah , it does n't . 
  and no , it is n't . 
  kiwi here - ditching the union jack is one of the main reasons for wanting to switch . 
  most kiwis do n't care either way about the monarchy . 
  it 's kind of like what religion is here - if you ask people they 'll say `` i 'm a christian '' but they rarely practice it or go to church, 
  there are icons for the three gorges dam and panama canal too , i used them when making the mods with the art ( available on steam workshop if you can excuse a shameless plug ), 
  what happened to the contests on this subreddit ? 
  were they moved or something ? 
  that 's going to be one hell of a wave, 
  given the faction lists of units in beasts of war and their role in the middle of the punic wars , i 'm guessing syracuse as a playable faction, 
  i dunno , i would n't mind seeing hannibal face off against napoleon, 
  `` baby poses with unidentified guest at park '', 
  i 'm not sure how true it is , but archimedes is also supposed to have invented naval defenses which consisted of a hook that the ship triggered when sailing over it , which flung up and pierced the hull . 
  could be a cool defense on naval siege battles, 
  garamantian warriors ... 
  i really hope that 's a sign that we 'll get the garamantes available soon, 
  that 's the one !, 
  i would love to be able to drive from buenos aires to istanbul or whatever , but i do n't know how feasible it is - even with a bridge , you 'd still need roads through alaska and siberia , which is where the issues would arise, 
  even though that 's from his facebook , i 'd count it as `` episode __ trailer '' instead of `` stephen just posted this to his facebook :d '', 
  it 's clearly santa claus, 
  why would the whole country have to vote instead of just veneto ? 
  persian wars would be a great non-roman campaign , and add the battle of thermopylae as a playable battle outside the campaign, 
  i think the screens would just be campaign dlc , not every dlc . 
  the guy wiping blood off his sword could be dacia , or it could be another one for gaul or something ? 
  what if the marc antony one was a roman civil war campaign ? 
  what if it 's a fall of rome campaign , and he 's one of the barbarian factions advancing on roman lands ? 
  i would expect so , but that does n't necessarily mean that it could n't be the one on here , since they might be including the large campaigns on it too ( if they were doing a roman civil war campaign i 'd imagine that would be fairly big too ), 
   i looked over at the vp 's pawn . 
  he 'd just hit the end of the board , and become a queen . 
  that line is straight out of one of frank underwood 's fourth wall breaking monologues , i love it, 
  sounds to me like greenland could use some *** freedom ^ tm ***, 
   ( pro tip : when the guy installing your new appliance offers to take away the old one for $ 10 , it 's not because he 's doing you a favor - you 're actually paying him to replenish his stock of second hand spare parts ), 
  this is n't always true . 
  at the place where i work ( sort of a general electronics / appliance store ) we offer to take away old tvs like what you mention while installing old ones . 
  they sit in our back room until we have 10 and then get taken off to the dump , as far as i know we do n't salvage anything from them, 
  save new york, 
  this is getting more and more like house of cards, 
  i would try / r/travel ; they seem to have a fairly good idea of where 's safe for tourism . 
  i really hope sana'a is safe , it looks amazing, 
  well that 's a bugger . 
  because the spanish decided it would be a good idea to fill in a lake and build a city on top of it . 
  would have been much better to leave it as-is and have another venice ( which is was beforehand , look up tenochtitlan ), 
  given the descriptions of tenochtitlan , i would imagine it would be amazing . 
  especially if the spanish added to the existing city instead of destroying it, 
  the only one i could find with a quick search ( in the middle of a uni assignment due tomorrow so it 'll have to do for now ) is apparently cortes ' description on entering the city :, 
   this great city of tenochtitl\u00e1n is built on the salt lake , and no matter by what road you travel there are two leagues from the main body of the city to the mainland . 
  there are four artificial causeways leading to it , and each is as wide as two cavalry lances . 
  the city itself is as big as seville or c\u00f3rdoba . 
  the main streets are very wide and very straight ; some of these are on the land , but the rest and all the smaller ones are half on land , half canals where they paddle their canoes . 
  all the streets have openings in places so that the water may pass from one canal to another . 
  over all these openings , and some of them are very wide , there are bridges . 
  there are , in all districts of this great city , many temples or houses for their idols . 
  they are all very beautiful buildings . 
  amongst these temples there is one , the principal one , whose great size and magnificence no human tongue could describe , for it is so large that within the precincts , which are surrounded by very high wall , a town of some five hundred inhabitants could easily be built . 
  all round inside this wall there are very elegant quarters with very large rooms and corridors where their priests live . 
  there are as many as forty towers , all of which are so high that in the case of the largest there are fifty steps leading up to the main part of it and the most important of these towers is higher than that of the cathedral of seville, 
  alternatively you could try ask over at / r/askhistorians , they should be able to find some more descriptions on it,
