  new zealand 's one is awesome too . 
  ca n't find any photos online , but all the pages are pretty much a history of new zealand , and have real cool designs showing the discovery by the polynesians and then the development of nz as a nation, 
  yeah , but what are the chances more than one of them is actually recognised . 
  look at somalia or the caucasus, 
  we brought them in following john campbell 's last show , since he deserved a knighthood . 
  so far he 's the only member , so we need to induct more people ( and actually sort out all the other official shit so it looks fancier . 
  reddit 's coat of arms is pretty crap ), 
  oh nah , i meant the official knighthood stuff like designing an / r/nz coat of arms and all that , but the css needs to be sorted out too . 
  just need to find time for it , and decide on what we 're actually going to do for it, 
  yeah , the somaliland thing is what i 'm getting at . 
  they declared independence and are a functioning state , yet have no recognition and are lumped in with the rest of the mess that is somalia, 
  replace this :, 
  . arrow.up {, 
  background-image : url ( % % south % % ) ;, 
  background-position : 0 0, 
  . arrow.down {, 
  background-image : url ( % % north % % ) ;, 
  background-position : 0 0, 
  with this :, 
  . arrow.up {, 
  background-image : url ( % % south % % ) ;, 
  background-position : 0 0, 
  . arrow.down {, 
  background-image : url ( % % north % % ) ;, 
  background-position : 0 0, 
  . arrow.upmod {, 
  background-position : 0 0, 
  . arrow.downmod {, 
  background-image : url ( % % northcolour % % ) ;, 
  background-position : 0 0, 
  % % south % % and % % north % % are just grey versions that have n't been clicked , while % % southcolour % % and % % northcolour % % are what we have now, 
  awesome , looks much better !, 
  i 'm not against changing the flag - i 've always thought that we should change it at some point , especially since it 's not really part of our national identity as much as other symbols are . 
  that said , i 'm opposed to this referendum . 
  as much as i 'd love to change the flag , i do n't think such a proposal should be used as a distraction whenever there 's something huge and controversial going on , like it has been used by key throughout his terms . 
  and given the current economic climate , and the ongoing issues with inequality and all that , there are definitely better things we could be spending the money on . 
   no `` christian '' or `` square '' southern cross : stars realigned, 
  i dunno , i kind of like some of the nordic cross flags, 
  except for the fact that it 's been on kiwi soldier uniforms since the boer war , but yeah, 
  it works out perfectly . 
  we 're an island based nation , and we 're needing to diversify our economy from dairy . 
  let 's adopt a pirate flag and raid trade routes throughout the south pacific , build an economy based on piracy !, 
  and lo , upon the seventh day did op deliver . 
  therefore , the seventh day has thus become sabbath , and upon the seventh day do we honour op and his deliverance . 
   the ^ ^ ^ attempted ^ ^ ^ character assassination of colin craig, 
  just a tad overdramatic ? 
  any chance i could steal this for the new / r/nz css i 'm working on ? 
  ( which can be seen at / r/nzcss if you want to check it out ), 
  absolutely , full credit would be given to you and the subreddit , would be nice to make the ordeal a bit more national anyway, 
  / u/dead _ rooster , mind weighing in on the appearance of the sub now ? 
  i remember you being hesitant about a taller sidebar , just wanted to check whether you 're okay with this or not ( and whether you prefer the more informal style of the current ` new zealand ' or the older one with the southern cross and futura ), 
  edit : or / u/ballchynz , since apparently you 're in charge while dead rooster is off getting drunk round the uk, 
  should still be able to see it if you use your phone 's browser instead of a reddit app, 
  praise you - fatboy slim, 
  anyone able to check out / r/nzcss quickly and give thoughts ? 
  / u / - halcyon designed a slightly less formal header image ( different font and a kiwi ) as well as played around with the header a bit . 
  wanting to get some feedback before going any further , in case people do n't like the direction or whatever . 
  figured it 'd be better to get feedback from everyone instead of just making the decisions ourselves ( especially since there 's only two of us , so if we disagree we 're stuffed ), 
  you sure ? 
  it 's showing up for me, 
  just on the top bar , next to hot / top / whatever . 
  where it normally is, 
  might be , i dunno . 
  could also be res acting up , does that for me sometimes, 
  or we could yell at him for you . 
  / u/onewhitelight , watch yourself mate, 
  i 've honestly got no idea what i 'm doing with my social life.i posted about what happened to me a couple years back with the girl that would n't accept no for an answer , but i do n't know whether i 'm fully over what happened . 
  both of the girls involved are in relationships now , and i guess i 'm happy for them and all tat , but i still have n't had a relationship yet , and i have real trouble even approaching and starting conversations . 
  i 've got no idea whether it 's got anything to do with what happened , but i do sort of feel like something 's wrong given the other two have moved on with their lives and are happy while i 'm still sitting here alone . 
  fuck i dunno , does this even count as a whinge ? 
  there 's an awful lot of things involving you happening here , might want to be a bit more specific, 
  is you cheating not gon na happen , us yelling at you not gon na happen or you watching yourself not gon na happen ? 
  or all of the above ? 
  oh good , just checking . 
  are we going with the rotating banner , then ? 
  i thought we were going to do a selectable thing ? 
  once i figure out how to configure the different themes ( something we need anyway for night mode ) it should be easy enough to rotate out the images and maybe colours , since that 's all that 'd need changing if we get a good css finalised . 
  oh , that reminds me - might need to up the size of that bar a bit again , i made it bigger originally because people had complained it was too small , and that the buttons were difficult to use on a touch screen, 
  that depends on when we actually agree on the design we 're going for , and how many bugs rear their heads in the process . 
  and what features people want in the css , we 've still got a couple that need doing so that 'll take some time too, 
  what i liked about the old size was that it was just tall enough for the userbar to fit in , but ideally i think it 'd be cool to have one that 's actually built into it instead of one that 's just sitting on top . 
  not sure how much extra work that 'll be though, 
  awesome , sounds good . 
  only concern now is that the sidebar will be too long with the different theme buttons and the link filter added in . 
  maybe we should add some stuff to the top bar ? 
  what browser are you using ? 
  i do n't think it 'd be as much a situation where i 'm still obsessing over what happened - that 'd be weird - but rather more that the experience affected me in some way . 
  it 's like that askreddit thread from a couple days back of people who have affected you for the worse , i 'm wondering whether as a result of me being friendly to someone and having it blow up so hugely in the space of six / eight months has made me more closed or reserved or whatever . 
  decent advice though , thanks, 
  not sure how he 'd think that would work ( although i think i 've accidentally been playing the nice guy role for about six years now ) but that 's a sure fire way to scare anyone off by saying they 're the one like that . 
  nah , i do n't hate girls or anything like that , hell most of the friends that helped me get through the ordeal were girls . 
  just ever since i 've found it real hard to actually approach people and start conversations, 
  not always . 
  on / r/newzealand it 's safer to assume everything is sarcastic , we never use / s, 
  nah , you 're looking for / u/nickrivieraphd, 
  when i was young i wanted the olympics to take place on olympus mons, 
  if you 're at uc the politics society is hosting an event to watch it , not sure otherwise . 
  although i would recommend alcohol as a viewing companion to make it more bearable, 
  i suppose rnz is a much less prolific spot than primetime on one of the major tv stations , so if you 're going to have him in any role it 'd be better to have him there than on tv3, 
  i thought i got it straight away too , but then i second guessed myself about three times .
