  that 's insane , monowai seems really interesting . 
  given how volatile it sounds though , i 'd imagine any chance of it breaking the surface would be very short lived ? 
   geonet : volcanoes cause zombies, 
  tomorrow 's stuff headline , i guarantee it, 
  crater mccraterface then ? 
  since nobody 's asked it yet , what 's the current status at ruapehu and is there any indication on where it 's headed from here ? 
  that would be hilarious if the whole last two seasons just got wiped out, 
  damn , if i 'd known i would 've shouted you guys some for all the work you do . 
  probably would n't get there in time now, 
  i 'd just like to thank all of them again for spending their wednesday evening here with us - i 've loved volcanoes and all that as long as i can remember ( might have something to do with being born while ruapehu was erupting ) and it 's awesome to be able to have all these questions answered about it all . 
  there may be a couple stragglers asking through the night , but should n't be too much of an issue . 
  yeah , but given [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-18040658 ) seems to indicate that it grew nearly 80 metres in a very short space of time , so i 'd have thought 100 metres would n't be that far in the scheme of things . 
  feel free to stop by and say g ` day whenever !, 
  ask me again at lunchtime , let 's see how things go, 
  edit : this class hates me i swear to god . 
  did n't you just get back from argentina ? 
  seriously though , tokyo 's awesome . 
  i second the comment about the yamanote line - how long are you there for ? 
  ueno fits in perfectly - we stayed about ten minutes from the minami-senju stop , and we 'd transfer onto the yanamote line at ueno station . 
  you 're real close to asakusa too , which is worth checking out . 
  did you refuse to serve someone who only wanted to speak american ? 
  just something that links your username with an employee there would be fine - normally people take a photo with their username on a scrap of paper with work credentials ( non-relevant info can be redacted and all that if need be ), 
  how long ago did you buy it ? 
  may be still covered under warranty / cga, 
   psephology spotlight, 
  disappointed you did n't cover the far right 's near victory in austria, 
  nah , i was going to talk to her but the class ran late and i had to get to my next class before she 'd finished talking with someone else . 
  it 'll have to be next time, 
  nah , just me being a wuss and not asking out a girl in one of my classes, 
  there 's increased funding for pest control , ca n't remember the other stuff, 
   david little 's, 
  freudian slip , or is everyone in labour called david now ? 
  does doing a fancy powerpoint on what nz should do re . 
  a certain international issue which has been going on since the end of ww2 count ? 
  seems to be working fine for me now , though it was rubbish this morning, 
  it actually does - if you go to the website , and compare [ dexter ] ( http://graphtv.kevinformatics.com/tt0773262 ) to [ arrow ] ( http://graphtv.kevinformatics.com/tt2193021 ) while making sure the `` scale y-axis from 0 to 10 '' option is ticked , dexter 's drop is way more noticeable than arrow 's . 
  though that might just be because dexter has twice as many seasons to fit on the screen , given they both ended up in the same place roughly . 
  yeah, 
  he 's saying it 's weird seeing words like k\u0101ua spelt k\u00e4ua , with the two dots instead of a line . 
  they denote different pronunciations, 
  this pisses me off so goddamn much . 
  everyone on reddit seems to be so bloody keen to go and say `` this post is rubbish and never happened , '' as though it 's impossible that other people can actually do interesting shit, 
  not really - tension between jews and muslims in the region has been , but the conflict between israel and palestine only started after ww2 because neither existed before then, 
  i just had a look , what sort of waffly bloody bullshit question is that ? 
  plenty of people submit their own photos with watermarks to reddit, 
  nothing 's able to top the monologue at the end of two cathedrals for me, 
  but going too far under the speed limit is just as dangerous as going too far over it - more often than not , dangerous overtaking on the open road is a result of someone going 85 and refusing to pull over . 
  if conditions are poor - a narrow , windy road , bad weather / visibility etc then by all means , i 'd agree with you 100 % . 
  but if you 've got a good road and conditions are good , there 's no reason for you to be holding up traffic by going 10km under, 
  i 'll admit i 've gotten a little angry a couple times at slow drivers , but that 's been mainly on yaldhurt road where the limit is 60 , they think it 's 50 , and go 45 to be safe . 
  the bit between curlett 's road and church corner is 50 , but past the traffic lights the whole thing is at least 60, 
  i work inside - not only will i have to go to work anyway , but there wo n't be any damn parks, 
  what you 'll need to know is that people will tear you a new one if you ask what you need to know without researching first, 
  in this weather ? 
  fuck , maybe i should 've joined when i got the invite then ... 
  ensoc seem to be much more what i 'd expect of a fraternity - binge drinking , controversial comments , huge parties , headline-grabbing stunts etc. 
  gentleman 's club seems slightly more ... civilised ? 
  i swear one of these days i 'll get around to putting your photos up in the header ... 
   bomb threat time . 
  living up to the hamilton standards , i see, 
  eh , apply for it anyway - worst case scenario is the same as not applying, 
  though that might be why i have the impression , gc market their stuff as much more high society style than ensoc does, 
  they 're the biggest club , and are routinely the one that makes national news for the shit they pull . 
  should be , i 'll have a look after work and see if i can get it looking decent . 
  might even be able to do something with the shot of lyttelton for a bit of variety, 
  just took a quick stab at it , both of them look fairly decent . 
  we 're about to update the css anyway , so now 's a good chance, 
  implying / r/canty has activity, 
  take some steps to make it more if a community - uc meetups or something , i dunno, 
   collingwood was going to be the capital at one stage . 
  wait , seriously ? 
  that 's insane , given how tiny it is today, 
  removed , rules 6 and 8, 
  his address is on a post-it in the patrol car, 
  [ the website ] ( http://omniatlas.com ) has a bunch of them , as well as making the maps interactive . 
  the one above is just the one for 1835 , it has a whole timeline of all the regions from about 1820 onwards, 
  [ the yaqui ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yaqui_wars ) according to the website, 
  oi , you 've been shadowbanned . 
  hit up the admins to figure out why, 
  ballchynz now sultan of hamilton ? 
  mods can manually approve comments from shadowbanned users , which i did in this case, 
  we watched it in year 9 english , which may as well have been a movie class since that 's all we ever seemed to do . 
  what if buzz aldrin showed up ... 
  removed , rule 8, 
  just had a look , ca n't see anything in the ban history for the last three months that even hints at this guy being banned . 
  not sure what he 's on about, 
  nothing in the history for it - i figured it was a recent thing since he was complaining about it now . 
  maybe he was banned from another subreddit ? 
  when the article mentions nothing at all about new zealand . 
  it 'd be like posting an article about apple just because they operate in nz, 
  shit , i 'm 20 next month, 
  so many comments i could make that i 'd then have to remove for politics, 
  he wants to expand his empire . 
  the north is growing stronger, 
  are they like the triad , but a more advanced version ? 
  that 'd explain all the kids, 
  we 've got code in the buccaneers that swaps out a nearby luxury for sugar , so that you 're always able to build the distillery . 
  i 'm guessing we did n't include provisions for it only replacing possible luxuries , so you 're going to end up with stuff like that, 
  we 're not sure what causes the issue , which is why we have n't got a fix yet . 
  short of replacing the model entirely,
