  or we just leave it on there permanently and develop new maps for it ? 
  colours is awesome on it , control the button and you 've got a huge advantage . 
  it 's the only time i 've seen a battle over the middle on that map, 
  oi - rule 3 . 
  wait , it 's kin-wah is n't it ? 
  i remember when they were all that bad , so pleased they gave them different yields, 
  you 'd need to have a bit that eggs can go through but not balls - like letting them go through green gates or something . 
  and in that instance they work , but barring that they should support what their constituents do . 
  unless they think of bernie as donald trump , but that 's hardly a rational argument, 
  i feel like there should be at least some checks and balances to make sure that someone like hitler ( really sorry for using such a cliche answer but it 's actually the best analogy i can think of since he was elected first ) is n't able to take power , but in cases like you have now where neither candidate poses a threat to the existence of the us or its population then they should vote the way their constituents do, 
  oh dear god, 
  but then you just end up with dictatorship of the majority . 
  would you still agree if the majority of people voted for someone who wanted to deport / imprison all hispanics or african americans just on their race ? 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  i still reckon there needs to be something in place , but determining what 's a threat is difficult . 
  at least this debate is n't as superficial a change , it 's actually something which we need to look at going forward alongside a proper constitution, 
  are you talking about your proposed election within parliament to elect the head of state or elections as a whole ? 
  because we finally got rid of this bloody system 20 years ago and i 'd hate to have it rear its ugly head again . 
  it 's already fucked up representation in the us and uk , do n't want it to fuck up here too, 
  not a written one we do n't, 
  i 'd prefer something that ensures the majority are on board with it - maybe add in a threshold and do what they do to elect the pope ? 
  ca n't wait for the invite :d, 
  i think you 've got your pizza companies mixed up there, 
  oh god , he 's still going . 
  just ignore that guy , he has a vendetta against this sub and keeps trying to stir shit up, 
  no - bad edge . 
  down . 
  leave the production table alone . 
  down . 
  i 'm not saying he 's better or worse , just that the e2nz guy is the one who keeps spamming everyone with screenshots and trying to stir things up on this subreddit . 
  the other stuff does n't happen here , and i 'm not going to go and say what people on this subreddit can or ca n't do elsewhere . 
  it becomes our issue when it happens on this subreddit or as a result of it ( eg . 
  pming users because they are a regular here ), 
  i think it 's one of those songs that does n't necessarily translate well to a live show on the side of u2 's ones . 
  maybe if they had gone with the original i&e plan and had a stadium sort of show like 360 on night one and a more intimate acoustic show for night two then so cruel could have fit in better on the latter , but it 's not really cut out to stand alongside songs like streets or the miracle when live, 
  mine hit 133333 on the way home from buying it, 
  that 's fair enough - i still do n't want to condone the actions given some of the material i 've heard about in there and its personal nature , but i 'd say you 'd deserve to know that . 
  if you have any concerns about the mod team here i 'd be more than happy to try and alleviate them for you , given a bunch of us were in the dark about area64 until it started up too . 
  if you want to send over the screenshots ( or screenshots of the pms ) you have via pm that 'd be good , do n't think i 've seen those ones and they 'd help to get a better idea of what 's going on . 
  it 's a shame that people have lost faith in the mod team after this , i 'd like to try and rebuild that as best i can and make ~ ~ america ~ ~ this sub great again . 
  honestly , how many countries could say they 've had a drink driving ad contribute so much to popular culture ? 
  not just once either , it happened like five times . 
  anything into streets is bloody amazing live . 
  zoo tv had [ running to stand still into it ] ( https://youtu.be/0sytbl1ysjg?t=4m08s ) , other parts of the elevation tour ( the one you linked to ) had [ bad into it with a snippet of 40 ] ( https://youtu.be/-ms6kz8u0zy?t=10m40s ) , and popmart had [ an emotional please ] ( https://youtu.be/fggywvunhkk?t=6m40s ) . 
  i 'm still holding out hope that one day they 'll go lemon into streets because that would be awesome , but in the mean time i 'll settle for [ mlk into streets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq08ouowiqq ) from the superbowl halftime show, 
  that 's something that annoys me with this . 
  i ca n't go and expand the images on the comment page like i used to be able to do with res - i can still do it on the main subreddit thing , but it does n't work as soon as it 's in the comment page, 
  i 'm not sure how i can convince you that i 'm not part of this secret group ( trying to prove a negative and whatnot ) and that i can be trusted , so firstly i 'm sorry about the lack of trust which you feel towards us ( me ? ), 
  - that said , if you have evidence that i 'm one of their targets then surely i have a right to know that for certain , like how you said you were grateful to that guy for the same reason ? 
  as for the rest of the post , have you got proof of the threat he made ? 
  that 's the first i 'm hearing of it , and it 's serious if it 's true ( to be clear , not doubting you , but i ca n't go around banning people or whatever without being absolutely certain and having proof . ), 
  it 's true that we 've got automod set up to notify us when those words are used - mainly because of people saying ` why have n't the mods removed this ' or whatever if we 've missed something - but i can guarantee that neither of those two have access to it as it 's done through modmail and restricted to mods only . 
  i ca n't guarantee that they 're not given the information by one of the others , but all i know is that they do n't have first hand access to it . 
  like i said though , if there 's anything i can do to try and repair your trust in us ( or at least me ) then please let me know , i feel really bad that you 've gone through that and have had your faith in the mod team destroyed . 
  and definitely if you have proof that he threatened you or your pets then let me / the admins know and we can take further action for sure . 
   i am somewhat flattered they thought i was finger on the pulse enough to send me such crucial information . 
  yeah , i 'd have thought you were just another of many . 
  i was counting a bunch from the ghost chips ad ( ghost chips , puzzletime ! , i 've been internalising ... , monique says you 're dumb , and pretty much the ad as a whole ), 
   the fact is that the well has been poisoned . 
  i am sure everybody thought it was swept under a rug and forgotten but shit like this always bubbles up . 
  yeah , starting to see that now - which is why i try to repair lost trust whenever it comes up , like i 'm doing now . 
  there are some definite issues that need addressing , it 's just a matter of going about them the right way . 
   would n't help . 
  first of all he is good friends with other moderators who can unban him , secondly he uses multiple names so he 'll just switch to another one . 
  he even got shadowbanned once and yet he is still here . 
  yeah , but if they 're really threatening you then something needs to happen . 
  not sure what , but it 's not excusable at all that they should do that . 
   what if he is one of the moderators ? 
  what if the moderators who are his friends told him about it . 
  what if that post was linked to at / r/area64 to let everybody there know ? 
  i 'm fairly certain he 's not a mod ( so many posts on both accounts , would be too much for an alt to keep up ) - the only possibilities are the two inactive ones , but they seem too mature for this shit and i feel like if the guy had mod powers he 'd sure as hell use them a lot more . 
  option 2 might be likely , but i do n't see any of the mods giving a shit about their situation enough to warn them instantaneously . 
  option three is probably the most likely , especially if the thread was linked as soon as area64 was mentioned and they were watching it to begin with . 
   why do you think his post consists of just one phrase asking me how my cat is ? 
  in what context does that make sense ? 
  how is that sentence related to the post he is replying to ? 
  oh nah i know there 's something going on there for sure . 
  but as it stands i do n't have any concrete proof of that , since it 's not something out of the ordinary for this subreddit to have a random comment like that as a joke , so they could easily pass it off as such to create enough doubt . 
  it 's like those cop shows where they know the guy is guilty but there is n't anything that can stick . 
  yeah , it 's so damn cool . 
  i think it would be something like the slane castle one , only with `` midnight is where the day begins '' instead of `` all i want is you ! '', 
  why does england need to be good at their sports all of a sudden , dammit . 
  in which case at the very least that 's still verging on rule 3 , and given i have no proof either way i ca n't just take you at your word that it 's not more serious . 
  so what , you 're saying i should n't give a shit what people think of me / the mod team / the sub ? 
  if i have a chance to repair shit then i 'm gon na take it , regardless of whether i 'm part of your little old boys club or not . 
  hopefully if soe is like they 've been saying we might get a bit more ab / zooropa stuff in the next part of the tour ? 
  i 'm still holding out hope for acrobat, 
  you 're assuming i would n't take action if i had proof , which is just plain wrong . 
  if the claims were true about the doxxing then you 'd better believe they would be banned outright and the admins would be getting involved . 
  oh please . 
  so you mean to tell me that you just happened to show up with your experience on the subreddit the day after a bunch of people from area64 deleted their accounts when it blew up in their faces ? 
  how stupid do you think i am ? 
  so it goes the whole way through ? 
  that 's awesome, 
  you have n't provided any proof , it 's your word against his . 
  as for the harassment side of thing , this is the first time it 's come up , whereas as you said you like to bring up the cat thing regularly , which makes it ongoing as opposed to a one-off like this . 
  time for another tune thursday - we 'll go with your favourite kiwi songs today , ~ ~ totally not because i need ideas for nz music month ~ ~ since that seems like something which will get a fair bit of responses . 
  ~ ~ spotify link will go up once we have a few responses to put in there ~ ~, 
  edit : [ spotify playlist !, 
  ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/pouakai/playlist/3iekdkr2rvkrtvmmx7yaxi ),
