  there is no other reasoning . 
  good morning everyone !, 
  today is wednesday the 22nd of april . 
  on this day in 1906 the 1906 olympics opened in athens . 
  the games were held outside of an olympiad year ( every four years since 1896 , when the first games were held ) partially due to the olympics constantly being overshadowed by the world 's fair . 
  despite the success of the games in helping the very brand of the olympics survive its formative years , issues in the balkans and a desire to have the games set every four years led to the ioc downgrading the 1906 olympics to a 10th anniversary celebration , and refusing to recognise the medals . 
  also today , 100 years ago marks the first use of chlorine gas in the first world war , where it was released during the second battle of ypres . 
  in 1944 an allied invasion of new guinea begins , and in 1992 , 206 people died with over 15,000 left homeless after an explosion in the mexican city of guadalajara . 
  finally , on this day in 2015 i reclaimed my position from false prophets . 
  happy birthday today to queen isabella of castile , who would have been 564 today . 
  ( you do n't look a day over 500 , your highness . ), 
  isabella was an instrumental figure in both the unification of spain , the reconquista of muslim holdings on the peninsula and in christopher columbus ' rediscovery of the new world . 
  also born today was j. robert oppenheimer , who would have turned 111 today . 
  oppenheimer is famous for reciting a quote from a hindu text upon seeing the first detonation of an atomic bomb , a weapon which he was involved in the creation of . 
  he uttered the infamous words , * `` i am become death , the destroyer of worlds '' * upon seeing the destructive nature of the bomb . 
  speaking of death , today also saw the death of infamous president richard milhous nixon in 1994 , and two popes . 
  today 's word of the day is *** imposter *** , a noun meaning * `` a person who pretends to be someone else in order to deceive others , especially for fraudulent gain . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by commemorative anzac coins !, 
  * do you want one or not ? 
  * `` oh , no thanks , i 'll just have a bite of yours '' *, 
  that was n't one of the fucking options . 
  not going to divert and see the red fort too ? 
  that 'd be four, 
  depends what sort of political books you want . 
  opposite the casino ? 
  go with machiavelli 's * the prince *, 
  i think it 'd be cool if they had the same actors from gotham play bruce and selina in a batman adaptation 20 years or so in the future, 
  sounds like proving alibis these days is going to involve a lot of race driving across the country, 
  it would benefit us corporations , not us workers, 
  the problem is that this is n't how the war is viewed by the west . 
  the conflict is seen as a rebel group threatening a state , with the only logical solution being to destroy said rebel group . 
  ( because that worked * so well * in afghanistan , vietnam , colombia and so on , but that 's an aside . ), 
  i think it 's assumed that given the staunch separation of church and state in much of the west , the same is true in the rest of the world . 
  but at the same time , there is some merit in intervening , namely the threat of crimes against humanity that is has made , including the near genocide of the yazidis and the recent acts against coptic christians . 
  maybe a peacekeeping force through the un that was neutral ? 
  although i suppose that would still be seen as an act against sunnis ? 
  come on now , no need to be rude, 
  god , that reminds me of the staff christmas dinner , where my manager got shitfaced and started yelling `` ariba ariba '' to the staff of the chinese restaurant to try and get a bottle of tequila, 
  i probably would have accidentally hit it and then left a note saying `` sorry , you were parked too close and there was n't enough room to get past '', 
  it 's / r/newzealand , i 'm pretty sure nearly everything here is satire, 
  i still have n't tried yet , it 's a bit difficult while still living at home with parents who until recently i thought would send me to boarding school at the very prospect of me drinking . 
  maybe once i move out, 
   none of you are as funny as you think you are, 
  can this be the new quote ? 
  technically / u/automoderator would be quoting you , would n't it ? 
  still involves having connections and being able to sober up / not show residual effects or whatever . 
  plus i 'd need a decent excuse to stay out late , i ca n't just say `` wo n't be back till morning '' or whatever, 
  wait , they 're different lists ? 
  just say one of the other mods did it ? 
  it 's funny , i normally think of [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/jfbigr_yc6k?t=44s ), 
  i had a friend who voted for national despite agreeing with labour / green policies because she thought that there would be violence / a revolution if the incumbent did n't win . 
  still used to philippines politics i guess, 
  is the trailer up online yet ? 
  i tried searching but all i found were mistitled earlier ones, 
  i normally wake up naturally around 6:30 -7:30 all the time , latest i 've ever slept in would have been when i was jetlagged from a trip to japan and even that was only 8:30 -9, 
  he did , we drove him off our turf, 
  it 's ` on this day ' - as you said , the most important bits happened either on yesterday 's date or in 10 days time . 
  it 'd be a bit boring if we had two weeks of `` on this day in 1945 the commies and nazis were still fighting over berlin '', 
   strong, 
  i mean , i guess it 's starting to get there , but i would n't call it strong . 
  especially when the epicenter is over the other side of cook strait , so wellington would n't have felt it at full magnitude, 
  good thing this had a camera , otherwise i would n't be 100 % sure it was him, 
  well , this and wanting to change the flag, 
  as a guy who works in a shop like that , i would n't worry too much about asking for a discount . 
  we get it all the time , some salespeople even offer one, 
  what gave it away ? 
  it all fits ... jfk was killed because of his role in an illicit polytail ring !, 
  to be fair , in many places the price is actually way more than is expected for it and haggling is part of life . 
  hell , even here the markup on some of the products we stock is massive . 
  i can get two sd cards for the price of one essentially just because of the size of the markup, 
  morning all !, 
  today is friday the 24th of april . 
  on this day in 1184 bc , it is believed that the city of troy fell to greek forces after a legendary ten year siege . 
  while we 're not sure how much of the war is actually true ( it 's likely that there were n't actual gods fighting in the conflict ) we do know that the city of troy did exist and that there was a large conflict in the area at that time . 
  also today is the 100th anniversary of the beginning of the controversial armenian genocide , with the arrest of 250 armenian intellectuals and community leaders in the ottoman capital of istanbul . 
  as well as this , on this day in 1916 ernest shackleton and five others set out from elephant island in a lifeboat in an attempt to rescue their shipmates who had become stuck in ice during an antarctic expedition . 
  in lighter news , on thids day in 1968 mauritius joined the united nations , and in 1970 the gambia becomes a republic in the commonwealth of nations . 
  finally , today is the 25th birthday of the hubble space telescope !, 
  today 's facts of the day were brought to you by the [ pillars of creation ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/68/pillars_of_creation_2014_hst_wfc3-uvis_full-res_denoised.jpg/982px-pillars_of_creation_2014_hst_wfc3-uvis_full-res_denoised.jpg ), 
  hopefully off to buy a car today . 
  late 90 's ford , needs a bit of work but pretty decent for its age . 
  spent a bit more than i was hoping to as well , but hopefully it 'll last longer . 
  i love how casually he brought up the supposedly huge secret thing in gonzales ' cargo hold, 
  was stopped at the blenheim rd / curlett 's rd lights , car was shaking side to side for a good 20 seconds, 
  i guess the plane that went down in the field was n't stopped by the passengers ? 
  do we know that , or is that speculation ? 
  i was really hoping that was going to be a gif, 
  soviet spy gone rogue and on an all out killing spree to avenge the death of his daughter , sounds like a movie plot . 
  see , i dunno about the use of that word . 
  i mean , in the context i 'd argue it 's pretty much synonymous with ` observe , ' as in ` we observe anzac day ' . 
  i do n't think anyone using celebrate means that we 're celebrating a bunch of kiwis and aussies dying in war , but rather just use the term because it 's most commonly used when describing the reason for a public holiday . 
  pretty sure uc ( and i assume other unis ) will have a dawn service , but does n't seem to be listed on the rsa site, 
  did n't the writers leave to go over to flash or something ? 
  so i finally bought and picked up my car yesterday . 
  seems to be good enough on the road , just have a few maintenance things i need to do ( gas struts in the boot need to be replaced so i do n't lose my legs when packing it ) but definitely seems good enough, 
  late 90 's ford laser - manual , ~ 130k on the clock , cambelt already replaced . 
  got it for 3.5 k all up, 
  do you mean hallowed ? 
  if it was hollowed i 'd be worried the fountain is about to collapse, 
  i never realised how much i wanted this,
