  most , if not all , of our sports teams use some version of the flag , in addition to the use of it by the nz tourism board and its support by several of those who are part or were part of the debate ( including jenny shipley and john key ) . 
  through its use as a sporting motif and the commercial use of it in souvenirs it has gained notoriety and recognition as a representation of new zealand . 
  if you took our current flag and asked people `` which country does this represent ? '', 
  i guarantee you less people would get it correct than if you were doing the same with the silver fern flag . 
  like it or not , it represents the people of new zealand on the world scale . 
  our olympians wear it , our champion rugby teams wear it , our yachting team wears it and so on . 
  while you claim this and the associated marketing is what invalidates it as the official flag , i say that that exact reason is precisely why it should be the official flag . 
  i mean , what 's the point of a national flag ? 
  to represent the people ? 
  to identify military forces of that nation ? 
  to showcase national identity ? 
  to signify national origin , such as the flairs here ? 
  in each , why is the new zealand flag as it is now better than the silver fern ? 
  the current flag is unoriginal , difficult to identify at a glance ( or on a small scale , again like the flairs ) , especially when trying to differentiate it from other union jack based flags ( australia and the cook islands both have the same shade of blue , not to mention the dozens of other flags which have the union jack ) . 
  in contrast , the silver fern is unique ( no other flag is entirely black with a design in the centre ) , already serves to represent new zealand on a global scale and subsequently is already associated with new zealand as a national symbol . 
  why bother with an entirely new national flag that would have to accomplish those goals all over again , when we have a flag that already serves to represent new zealand as a whole on the global stage ? 
  that would be weird , since i 'm pretty sure it was obvious i had a thing for her, 
  i have n't been accused of being gay , but people have said numerous times when seeing photos of me from a couple years back `` oh , you do n't look like a lesbian anymore '' . 
  then everyone around laughs and we proceed like it never happened, 
  yeah , i 've told her several times . 
  she just accuses me of `` complex mind games '' and assumes that she 's right . 
  i also briefly dated someone else while this was going on who turned out to be one of her friends - real knockout , but she felt guilty because of the other girl and broke it off . 
  in response to that , the obsessive one claimed it was all a ruse and i never liked that other girl , when in fact i did but now the whole thing is ruined because she felt guilty about it, 
  damn , so it was my naivety that ruined it ? 
  i tried approaching a couple that i knew reasonably well . 
  they talked to her , and she froze them out because she assumed that i was best mates with them all of a sudden, 
  that sounds like the best option - and i would n't be surprised if she did follow it up like that . 
  she 's already claimed ( as part of a three page letter addressed to me and my friends which supported me the most ) that we 've `` ruined her life '' , so i would n't be surprised if she made the jump to claiming suicide, 
  we have new zealand european here , it 's just as bad . 
  except we have the fancy name of pakeha , which is probably derogatory but we do n't know any better, 
  wait , rhys darby impersonated david lange ? 
  awesome, 
  i 'd like an alexander expansion , set earlier and with a map going further into india . 
  maybe a ` fall of the roman empire ' too , set around 400 ad with the roman empire in disarray, 
  i heard the first cicada of the year this morning too , summer really * is * here, 
  i think you accidentally posted ice, 
  although they 'll publicly be congratulated , the rest of the world ( particularly china and pakistan ) will freak out . 
  india suddenly has among the most advanced technology in the world , including powerful rockets which could be used as icbms . 
  second space race would erupt , china and other powers racing to match india 's achievement and secure resources in space, 
  `` great indoor-outdoor flow '', 
  it 's a bit different having seasons just covering france and seasons covering the whole of europe and most of central asia ... 
  the valkyries are coming ... 
  yeah , i think if any person with no understanding of japanese were to see the word `` mirakuru '' they would pronounce it as such , and not as miracle . 
  hell , i 've been taking japanese for four years and it took me a couple of times before i made the connection to miracle . 
  oh god . 
  crazy chick that had a thing for me ( i 've posted here about her earlier ) ambushes me on the way to class and kisses me right on the lips . 
  i was scared of walking through school alone for the rest of the year, 
  `` that 's where i saw the leprechaun . 
  he told me to burn things '', 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  instead of food or default focus , i like what maddjinn suggests - set your city to production , and manually assign food tiles . 
  this is because when a city grows , it grows after the food has been added - so you 'll be missing out on any food the new citizen would be working . 
  but by setting it to production focus , you still get the production yield of the tile that turn , instead of having to wait another, 
  not so pointless if it means you beat an ai to a wonder by one turn, 
  submit this to / r/earthporn - they wo n't know the difference, 
  yeah , imagine if you had 183/185 production and got beaten to a wonder, 
  if only this would happen to the rest of us as well , i 've got a fair few attractive girls as friends, 
  where i live air new zealand offers scenic flights on a restored dc-3 on the weekends . 
  i see it flying over all the time , but have never been on it before, 
  it 's because we could smell the uranium on their breath, 
  the internet 's not written in pencil , mark , it 's written in ink . 
  when you 're living paycheck to paycheck , you do n't have the sort of disposable income which would allow you to help other families in a similar situation to yourself , you have no choice * but * to think of how you 're going to get your family through the next months and put food on the table for them . 
  my family is n't poor , but we 're nowhere near wealthy either , and yet we still donate goods to the christchurch city mission and kidscan where we can , because we know that there are people worse off than us and that they could use the money much better than we can . 
  so no , poor people are not `` selfless saints that never think of themselves first '' , but they do n't exactly have a choice , whereas the really rich people who would have enough disposable income to feed a whole suburb and instead decide to go off and buy a yacht have a clear choice to make . 
  it 's stupid to put them in the same boat as those who ca n't afford to help . 
  but the point he 's making still stands . 
  i ca n't remember the actual amount of money made on the sale , but let 's say for ease of calculation that selling the shares in mighty river power made $ 1.5 billion for the government . 
  now , with an annual income of around $ 114,761,000 ( [ source ] ( http://annualreport.mightyriver.co.nz/header-links/annualreport.aspx ) ) , within 15 years you 're suddenly operating at a loss because the potential income of mighty river power has exceeded the lump sum achieved through eliminating that revenue stream . 
  for the record , i 'm aware that 100 % of the profit does n't go to the government , but my point still stands . 
  i just do n't have the figures to show how much goes to the govt, 
  they had gollum with some giant fish for the first hobbit movie, 
  i get lots of times where there 's something in game that would look really beautiful in real life . 
  i always want to try and draw them , but then i remember i ca n't draw, 
  i know , somehow i 'm breaking the laws of reddit, 
  yeah - mt sinai , uluru , sri pada and mt kailash came with gods & kings , while lake victoria , king solomon 's mines and mt kilimanjaro came with brave new world, 
  there are plenty of other markets we can trade with . 
  china is more than happy to draw countries further from the states , and anti-american sentiment in places like brazil and the middle east helps secure limits on how damaging sanctions would be . 
  besides , how would the world react if america imposed sanctions on a democratic country with historically close ties to them for failure to be a police state ? 
  i still have autosave set to every turn , from back on the first version of vanilla , which would crash every 2 turns . 
  saves a lot of frustration when a crash happens, 
  hell , i conquer empires in that time, 
  is there any chance that they would be able to have a un-sponsored agreement allowing the kurdish nationals in turkey to leave for kurdistan ? 
  since we typically always hear about the doom and gloom - genocides , wars , rebels and all that , from out of africa , i thought i 'd go with a slightly more positive question . 
  what instances in recent african history have been very positive but are often overlooked ? 
  legal age is 16 in nz ... 
  why did you do that to jimmy ? 
  james cameron likes nz , he was probably willing to help out nz 's film industry with minimal encouragement by the government, 
  that was the original plan , i believe . 
  avatar 1 was set on the land of pandora , avatar 2 in the oceans of the moon and pandora 3 elsewhere in the polyphemus system . 
  not sure about pandora 4 though, 
  i remember doing something similar . 
  was approaching a tight corner mountain biking , but did n't see it because of sun glare . 
  suddenly see it just before the actual corner , i 'm going way to fast and slam on the breaks while turning the handlebars . 
  somehow managed to slide the back wheel around the corner and continue on, 
  he moved here last year i think, 
  awesome !, 
  where are they ? 
  i live in christchurch and would love to go down and have a look around, 
  sweet , cheers . 
  there 's some awesome street art elsewhere in the city too , mainly just east and south of the restart mall .
