  when i got up it felt like about three hangovers all at once , despite having not had a drink in a couple months or so, 
  a tree probably is n't the best place for that, 
  i ca n't read that verse now in any voice other than the guy on the defense force ad, 
  might be breaking the 20 year rule though, 
  dad has chrome on his ipad , and apparently it keeps crashing or something, 
  or the maori / indonesia , both of whom would have early embarkation in ynaemp if you 've got the polynesia civ pack, 
  i do n't think your use of profanity is why you 're being downvoted ... 
  * the ray palmer show *, 
  cheer up , [ here 's some u2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueftz3owufq ), 
  we all get shitty days every now and then , and your situation at home probably does n't help all that much either . 
  insulting and belittling people who disagree with him . 
  where have we seen that before ? 
  plus then isis wo n't ever attack us , since they 'd think we 're on their side, 
  seriously , take one of the flats you 've had offered to you and get out of there . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , you 're past a point where you can care about what they think . 
  get a bunch of mates and a cop to help you , and just leave . 
  it 's for your own health at this point . 
  it was / u/appexxd 's day today , not mine . 
  blame him, 
  yeah , but that 's ken ring . 
  his weather forecast for my birthday was `` mostly fine , cloudy with rain and chance of snow . '', 
  have you got a cop or mates lined up yet ? 
  just find one with a towbar , you can ( or at least you used to be able to ) rent trailers from service stations . 
  pretty sure you still can at some slightly further out / in more industrial areas . 
  i 'd probably suggest getting a few mates involved too , not just the one with the car . 
  many hands make light work and all that, 
  sorry for posting a boring question about the book side of things instead of mythology , but is there any chance the book would be available on book depository or somewhere soon ? 
  i 'd love to get a copy , but shipping to new zealand on amazon costs about three times the value of the book , and the publisher website does n't seem to ship here at all, 
  cloudy and already dark here in chch : /, 
  just so you know , you do n't need an imgur account to upload stuff . 
  all the account does is keep everything in one place , so you can link to it again if you want, 
  if you 've got a cop there , i ca n't see there being an issue . 
  also , just checked , seems z on riccarton road ( down by the railroad line , past the mall ) has trailer hire . 
  either that or the hirepool place down on blenheim rd, 
  i 've never actually hired a trailer before , how much are they ? 
  see i dunno , civ 4 still has quite a bit of a following, 
  morning everyone !, 
  today is sunday the 12th of april . 
  on this day in 1961 , yuri gagarin became the first person in the history of mankind to leave earth 's atmosphere , and orbit the planet aboard the spacecraft * vostok 1 . 
  also on this day , forces of the confederated states of america fired on the union fort of fort sumter in charleston harbour , a move which kicked off the american civil war . 
  given the war resulted in the confederacy being defeated outright , maybe was n't the best idea . 
  and finally , today saw the death of president franklin delano roosevelt , who died in office after over 12 years in office . 
  during this time , he completely changed the course of american history , implemented the new deal to end the great depression and led the united states through much of their involvement in world war two . 
  massive stroke after years of poor health, 
  wait , what ? 
  fuck , they 're really going all-in on this , are n't they ? 
  i swear , when i have heart failure i 'm going to send him the bill, 
  oh i knew about them , i just did n't say anything to keep my job safe, 
  that said , i think ncea try to shoehorn nz history in too much into assessments for history . 
  for internal assignments the whole way through history , one of the questions you need to cover is `` how was [ historical event / person ] of significance to new zealanders . '', 
  now , i 'm not arguing one way or the other for specific teaching of nz history , but when you have to try and write about how the cuban missile crisis or the nuremberg war crimes tribunal was of significance to new zealanders then it 's a complete pain in the arse, 
  except one of them is n't even an american , they talk about moving to nz , america or hawaii, 
  i guess hawaii is far enough away that it 's sort of distinct . 
  like , i 've been to hawaii , but i do n't say that i 've been to america , because you 're still miles away and it 's pretty distinct, 
  oh , that was part of the garden wars , right ? 
  i 'm pakeha too , so i do n't cop much of it ( except for the odd comment about being a brit , since apparently my wellingtonian accent sounds british ? ), 
  but most of what i 've seen is the standard high school rubbish . 
  mate of mine was dating a guy who would n't kiss her because she was jewish , plenty of anti-asian comments , the works . 
  had a small group of guys decide to become skinheads , and then promptly got expelled for it , but that 's about it . 
  i have no idea . 
  they dated about four times , even after he dated and screwed over about four of her friends and treated her like shit each time . 
  oh awesome , where in japan did you go ? 
  i went on a school trip a couple years back , it 's an amazing country, 
  [ citation ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibson_citation ), 
   still , i 'm upvoting this because if enough of us do that it becomes true . 
  i 'm hoping that if it 's upvoted enough a mainstream media site would pick up on it and dig into it a bit , although they 'd probably stop with john 's offhand dismissal, 
  paul henry the other morning was trying to claim that winz should be run by private companies or something . 
  used to be a big fan , got pissed off with him during the election coverage and now i 'm not so keen on him, 
  that 's the first i 've heard of him standing for a party , i was n't really following politics when i was 3, 
  i 'm pretty sure they need to know your identity and link it to the account for anything here to be of any use . 
  and even then it 's a stretch , since you could just say it was a joke or whatever . 
  well , if you 'd done that then you 'd be shadowbanned , so yeah . 
  i was thinking more if you 've talked about doing stuff that 's illegal , like smoking weed or whatever, 
  personally i 'm partial to [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k1i1nls.jpg ) , perhaps a bit outdated still but 1970s would be better than 1870 's, 
  technically it 's still illegal , thanks ( in part ) to peter dunne 's son being a lobbyist for synthetic replacements, 
   ( with the exception of gallipoli ), 
  sorry , would you be able to elaborate a bit on this ? 
  i 'm from new zealand and as such have only ever heard an anzac perspective on the campaign , would be interesting to hear a turkish one, 
  you ca n't just say that without giving a story, 
  today is tuesday the 14th of april . 
  on this day in 1860 the first pony express mail service reached san francisco , which is why google today has a pony express game . 
  also today in weather-related facts , on this day in 1986 the heaviest hailstones ever recorded fell during a storm in bangladesh . 
  these hailstones weighed an estimated one kilogram . 
  this day also saw more hail-related incidents , with a hailstorm hitting sydney , australia in 1999 on this day . 
  despite lasting less than six hours , the storm was the costliest natural disaster in australian history , causing over two billion dollars worth of damage . 
  that show ruined brandon routh for me . 
  he just showed up in a main role on arrow and i can never trust him, 
  that 's currently the temperature in chch , although there 's wind chill too . 
  reminds me of [ that nike ad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnyfba9tleu ) from years ago, 
  yeah , played it twice . 
  seems the location of the mail does n't change , or the map . 
  limits the replayability a bit, 
  bottom right corner of the shield ? 
  * look , at the end of the day the fact of the matter is that the media should n't hold us to account . 
  television companies have a duty to their shareholders and to the people of new zealand to make money , and at the end of the day that 's all that matters . 
  the fact of the matter is that any benefit which this would have for me at the end of the day is purely coincidental . 
  now , about that flag . 
  what if this was planned as the april fool 's thing last year , but not everything got sorted out in time so they went with the hand thing instead ? 
  seems more in line with the orangered-periwinkle thing than last year 's one anyway,
