  the left needs to mobilise and encourage people to get out and vote, 
  unfortunately the voice actor has run out of time , so unless we can find someone with a similar voice tone i think we 'll have to make do with what we 've go , since i 'd rather have a voiceover with a few mispronounced words than have no voiceover at all . 
  as an aside , you would n't happen to know any good maori songs that would suit as a theme for the maori and fit within the general style of [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=civ+5+ost+peace+themes ) and [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl4ae3264412e78377 ) , would you ? 
  i 've been trying for months , but have n't come up with anything that is sufficiently maori in style while fitting the in-game style . 
  i was contemplating pokarekara ana , but the best version that i could find was kiri te kanawa 's version , which would be perfect if it did n't have her in it, 
   this is going to get tense . 
  people with much more to lose than i do will now fall in behind me and others who do n't break the law to hunt down everyone involved with this . 
   people with much more to lose than i do will now fall in behind me, 
   fall in behind me, 
  the only reason national would fall in behind cameron slater is so that he can take all of the shots and national can survive . 
  god knows he 's big enough to fit all of them back there, 
  [ / r/screamingleftwingconspiracytheorists ] ( http://reddit.com/r/newzealand ), 
  did you just create that ? 
  i hate to break it to you , but the country you 're living in has n't existed for ~ 20 years ... 
   ( who against popular belief , does donate his entire pay and runs nz for free ), 
  i call bullshit on this , have you got a source ( that is n't whale oil ? ), 
  edit : downvoted for asking for a source on a claim that sounds hard to believe ? 
  okay then, 
  dad used to work in a building up by the terrace that had a brother sign on top - ca n't remember if the sign is still there or anything , but we had a similar view out his window . 
  i loved it , ca n't wait until i get back to wellington, 
  national becomes the new mafia ? 
  phil goff could n't cut it on the streets of whanganui, 
  oh wow , so that 's why it looked so familiar !, 
  that 's awesome , thanks for sharing the photo - memories are flooding back, 
  all he 's saying is that he 's going to give her another chance after the next fuck-up, 
  at the end of the day , people do n't care how often i say at the end of the day . 
  and at the end of the day , surely it 's the policies which voters care more about , which at the end of the day it is clear that national 's are far superior to labour 's at the end of the day . 
  if national wins , i hope the next election is called by a drunken john key . 
  if it makes you feel better , you 're both hypocrites . 
  now kiss and make up, 
  yeah , or even ` new military units ' because we 're not getting new agents, 
  i 'll never understand this country . 
  * the reds are coming !, 
  the reds are coming !, 
  garner 's obviously aiming for political correspondent at * the civilian *, 
  how many times has winnie been kingmaker now ? 
  seems like every other election, 
  this makes me feel slightly better about the country ... 
  how long until someone uses it to build and run super mario bros ? 
  but that 's admitting defeat . 
  if anything , we should be more outraged because of the lack of outrage , and get people to be aware of just how apathetic they are . 
  nobody stamps passports anymore :(, 
  have you seen his election posters ? 
  `` new zealand '' and `` my rich mates '' are synonyms for him, 
  maybe even something like / r/worldnews , where there 's an option to hide all political posts if you want to ? 
  i have a feeling that it was sarcastic, 
  his diet and career choice do a pretty good job of that anyway, 
  keep in mind that the existing components of polynesia do n't need icons , so are n't shown . 
  there 's still kamehameha , the maori warrior and moai , they 're just not in the same civ anymore . 
  i reckon bill is the only viable option , he seems to be the only person in senior leadership to be sufficiently distant from the whole fiasco going on, 
  it 's a group of modders working on a modding project which makes high-quality modded civilizations . 
  other than me ( i just code and do a tiny bit of art - the rapa nui civ icon is mine ) they 're all extremely talented , we 've got / u/janboruta who did almost all of the icons for the pack , then / u/sukritact who did some of the lua and maps , / u/leugi who did the unique improvements and some of the unit models and chris sifniotis who does civilopedias . 
  beyond that are a ton of people who help out occasionally with civs - / u/viregel and / u/reedstilt do some of the pedias , then viregel and jfd cover lua , and a lot more authors are involved with little extras on some mods here and there . 
  tl ; dr : hi , we 're more civs . 
  you may recognise us from such civ mods as `` the buccaneers '' or `` the nazca '', 
  do you mean uis ? 
  all civs have a ua anyway , so it 's kind of difficult to overload on them . 
  despite what the image would lead you to believe , we only have two uis - the maori one and the moai . 
  the other two are uu / ub civs , mainly for thematic reasons . 
  the only civ that could have realistically had two uu was the maori , but we wanted to give them a cool defensive ui that 's a cross between a citadel and a terrace farm, 
  yeah , we 're working on it . 
  just need to try and convince jan or sukritact to make a cover image for it, 
  nothing says `` i 'm a communist '' quite like being a leading figure in a right-wing party, 
  this and the winter war . 
  it 's possible to have an hdr photo look good though , right ? 
  it 's more about not overdoing it ? 
  ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ let ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ case, 
  i oppose that as much as possible . 
  generally our civs only have one or two aspects of the ua ( oman , for example , had gold from domestic naval routes to conquered cities and a bonus for naval units vs cities dependent on how much gold per turn you had ) . 
  our civs mostly ( with a couple exceptions ) tend to be based around synergy , so that the uu , second unique and ua all play off each other . 
  so for oman , the ub and uu both supported a naval conqueror civ with a strong economic flavour . 
  for the most part , the same is here . 
  hawaii is specialist-focused , the maori are militaristic with a slight defensive twist , tonga is on expansion and exploration and rapa nui is faith / cultural . 
  the links are n't as strong as they were with oman , but they 're still there . 
  plus i think most of the uas only have one or two aspects , we like to keep our civs streamlined . 
  and yeah , they all have tsl . 
  but you 'd be insane to play rapa nui as tsl ( one tile island until astronomy :d ), 
  wellington 's still a city state , because it 's whanganui-a-tara on the maori city list, 
  yeah , we 've got about twenty civs in varying states of completion . 
  sukritact 's just waiting on a uu model for the khmer , then there 's a greek split ( because ancient greece was never unified except for macedon ) , the minoans , the gauls , ashanti and so on . 
  by the time we finish everything on our plate at the moment civ 6 will probably be out, 
  we 're even referencing the hangi pits and the kumara patches by giving the pa a base yield of food, 
  mostly wikipedia , the paradise found scenario and local knowledge . 
  being a kiwi helps . 
  i think / u/reedstilt also does some research at his uni when writing pedias, 
  close , the fourth one is tonga , not samoa, 
  when they 're finished ( hopefully in no more than a month ) and yes, 
  if you need any help with info feel free to drop me a line - i 'd be happy to help if i can, 
  that makes more sense . 
  for some reason i thought you said `` i saw someone call him a communist '', 
  if we could get everything out by the time be is released i would buy everyone in this topic a year of gold, 
  yeah , i know . 
  i was just making clear my position on the trend , and that i do as much as possible to avoid it . 
  it 's a reich reich . 
  wait , what ? 
  did i make a joke accidentally ? 
  that 's not a dirty joke though ... it 's a quote from hannibal when he was about to cross the alps . 
  it means `` i will either find a way or make one '', 
  even if it does , i doubt anyone will see it . 
  there 's a downvote brigade following him , most of his posts end up with -100 at least very quickly,
