  bugger . 
  there goes the theory about it being amd . 
  we may just try redoing the model itself to try and fix it, 
  so much pressure though , i dunno how you do it !, 
  your te reo word of the day is *** r\u0101tapu *** , meaning sunday !, 
  nah , he was meaning the child should stop riding a donkey around and start the proper triathlon . 
  over by lunchtime then ? 
  i love wellington but i ca n't for the life of me figure out where the photo was taken . 
  it 's not willis st , is it ? 
  and my reason for heavy drinking on election nights, 
  okay , if winnie wins northland , who does the list seat come from ? 
  is it overhang or is it stolen off someone else ? 
  if he is n't , he is now, 
  hit the ball and ran , then a fielder threw it to try and hit the stumps , missed and it went all the way to the boundary, 
  given past games , yeah, 
  oh , was he already safe ? 
  i was only watching out of the corner of my eye, 
  i dunno , they did better against us than australia, 
  you and i both know that 's not possible, 
  that 's no fun, 
  please stop checking it ( or at least check it more in the other team 's innings ), 
  breakers just won the nbl :d, 
  nah , last run is gon na be a six smashed right out of the park, 
  forever the optimist, 
  i do n't think it 's too out of the question , i mean australia lost to ireland in the rwc, 
  more like canada / us than india / pakistan ( no threat of war and nuclear annihilation . ), 
  it 's like we 're brothers - you fight heaps and have a big rivalry with them , but at the end of the day stand up for each other and love each other deep ( deeeeep ) down, 
   new zealand is n't madagascar !, 
  ah , so that would explain why it is n't where madagascar is, 
   drugs are illegal, 
   this includes all illegal drugs, 
  oh well that clears things up, 
  on the west wing , leo was written off towards the end because john spencer had a massive heart attack and died , a season after the character he played had one and nearly died, 
  rob was there for a few more seasons than just the first one , was n't he ? 
  iirc he was there for the first four , then had a couple episodes later on that he came back for, 
  need to throw in a `` totally '' or `` it 's not like '' or something . 
  compare , for instance :, 
   nz has no tourism industry anyway, 
  with, 
   it 's not like nz has a tourism industry or anything, 
   nz totally does n't have a tourism industry or anything, 
  the latter two have much more apparent sarcasm, 
  because it 's showcasing illegal contraband ? 
  yay , you 're back . 
  i 've already got a few more grey hairs from having to fill in over just two days, 
  i might have even posted this morning too , but i 've got a uni assignment due at 5pm that i only just started this morning . 
  calling it now , they 'll find a body in one of the hot pools, 
  i was planning on doing a song of the day post each day in may for nz music month, 
  [ * whoosh * ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/2nem47/can_you_have_a_garden_in_new_zealand/ ), 
  but we already have a free trade deal with china ? 
  to be fair , there was some trade with the new world and polynesia . 
  kumara ( sweet potato ) was ( and is ) a staple crop for the maori in new zealand , and it originated in south america . 
  so within polynesia , you had the immigrants come from east asia , spread across central polynesia , likely get all the way to rapa nui and on to south america before trading back through the islands to tonga and down into nz . 
  until the climate changed and rapa nui got cut off it 's possible that there were trade routes with the whole of polynesia and the new world . 
  not sure whether they continued into asia though , since iirc disease hit hawaii pretty badly too ( although i do n't remember any instances of it in nz ), 
  is n't it pretty much like a running joke that no-one ever stays dead in comic books ? 
  seems to be fitting at this point that ^ ^ ^ almost everyone keeps coming back, 
  not common , but not impossible either . 
  i grew up down on the south coast of wellington , and remember dad coming in one morning , waking me up and taking me outside to listen to the lions roaring at the zoo . 
  i look up and the sky looks like the middle image in the shot above , it was awesome . 
  can we please make this the sidebar image ? 
  not bad , but the guy behind him is now headless, 
  so wait . 
  iirc you 've got places lined up to move into , at least a couple jobs and you 're packing stuff up . 
  what 's stopping you from moving out at this point ? 
   the lesbian thing would throw a spanner in the works , but no offense , they dont sound like very nice people ( goddam flash backs of my younger days living with my dad ) if they ca n't accept your sexual orientation ( you cant help it ! ), 
  and you sound like you would be far better off not having them around in your life for a while . 
  i understood it as / u/404colournotfound not being lesbian , but saying she was so that she got kicked out instead of having to try move out of her own accord, 
  i 'm waiting for the tweet from cricket mauritania, 
  pleased they 've finally figured out boats and planes exist, 
  * we in the south island have taken your previous lack of supply to the south as indication that you treat us as second class citizens , and not as a part of new zealand . 
  therefore , we hereby declare independence as the republic of new munster , where we shall manufacture our own , superior chocolate milk . 
  except for the tuhoe , who stage a secessionist insurgency in east cape and break from new munster to form a tuhoe commonwealth, 
  eh , the constitution is more like * guidelines *, 
  pretty sure she 's working on her 3rd album now or something, 
  should 've got the 18 + card like i said, 
  dammit / u/appexxd . 
  i was counting on you to do the date again . 
  today is wednesday the 11th of march . 
  on this day in 1918 the first reported case of spanish infuenza was reported , signaling the beginning of an pandemic which would come to infect 500 million people worldwide . 
  it is also one year since russia annexed the crimean peninsula , and four years since the 9.0 earthquake and tsunami struck the north-east of japan , killing thousands . 
  just read the response in the op , she said her new album is out in spring ( although that could be spring in america , which would only be a couple months here ), 
  still trying to coordinate with catching up with friends from out of town , but getting them to commit to a date is like pulling teeth . 
  may not be able to make it this time , but i 'll do my best, 
  may , then ? 
  arrowtown in autumn is gorgeous , used to go down there all the time when granddad lived there . 
  drove up to macetown in the middle of autumn one time , the colours up there were even better, 
  seeing pete finding weird powerful stuff brings back good memories , even though he 's not pete :(, 
  winning with winston !, 
  they would have filmed the out of studio bits , but not the talking in the studio . 
  seems a shame to let those bits go to waste, 
  my concern is that they 'll be more likely to take harsher action because of his previous comments . 
  whatever it was that he did this time , if it was may or hammond i doubt the reaction would have been as severe . 
  and if his controversial comments are being taken into account , then i think that 's not justified, 
   3 . going to war :, 
   the government committed nz troops to iraq . 
  that may seem petty , but we do not have a presidential style system in nz . 
  we elect parties , who alone or in coalition form a government , the policy and decision-making body of which is cabinet , and the leader of which is the prime minister . 
  john key is our head of government , but he is not a dictator . 
  he can not do anything by himself .
