  if you do the latter add 2 days to the rest of these , as you would n't want to do te anau - mt cook in a day ), 
  day 8 : queenstown - mt. 
  cook / tekapo, 
  day 9 : mt. 
  cook / tekapo - chch ( if you 're in mt. 
  cook it 's far too long of a drive to get to kaikoura in a day , better to split the drive up ), 
  day 10 : chch - wellington ( more options here , if you 're wanting to go to kaikoura and do a whale-watching tour then add another day here and stop over there , though again this depends on whether the north road is open by that point . 
  it may still be closed in which case you 'd be better to avoid kaikoura and just go straight to wellington . 
  pay attention to ferry times too ), 
  day 11 : wellington ( spend at least a day here , it 's such a cool city ), 
  day 12 : wellington - taupo ( definitely do this , you get the desert road and all the geothermal stuff ), 
  day 13 : taupo - rotorua ( see above , check out the huge numbers of geothermal parks in this area . 
  waimangu has tours on a tiny fishing boat of lake rotomahana where the pink & white terraces were , which is a really cool trip , but other parks are better geothermally ), 
  day 14 : rotorua ( if you want more time to explore all of the stuff there , if not skip this day ), 
  day 16 : waitomo - whangamata ( this is the start of the coromandel bit , you can skip it and go straight to akl if you want ), 
  hot water beach en route , whitianga is pretty far from it ), 
  day 18 : whitianga - auckland, 
  day 19 : auckland, 
  day 20 : auckland - bay of islands ? 
  ( have n't been this far north sorry , ca n't give accurate info on travel times etc. 
  though i would allocate probably three to four days at least ), 
  i mean we were joking when we said australia would copy the kyle lockwood flag but sure, 
  what you could do is instead of going to kaikoura ( which may not be open anyway ) you go to nelson from chch on day 10 , then takaka on day 11 and have some time there , followed by driving over to picton either on day 12 or 13 depending on how long you want in abel tasman, 
  that 's why you go to nelson and stay a night there first , which is only a ~ 5 hour drive and probably easier than franz josef - queeenstown, 
  but if they do n't need winnie then he can deal with national all he wants , it does n't matter, 
  god if labour was where the right was in the future i 'd be so happy, 
  any recordings for us who missed it ? 
  she 's also no longer the leader or likely to be in parliament after the election, 
  still shadowbanned , find out more on / r/amishadowbanned or message the admins, 
  it 'd still mean you can have an inland port city , but given the state of the ai i 'm not sure that 's any safer than one right on the coast, 
  chose not to go out because we figured the moon and clouds would obscure it too much, 
  there was a guy on the news last night who said `` why should i care about climate change ? 
  i 've got no kids or grandkids , and i 'm not going to be around '' - most selfish bloody thing i 've heard, 
  we should absolutely deport the ones in op 's example , but his argument is that we did n't, 
  pretty much , although you do n't need to run until you 're out - you can stop at any time . 
  if you 've hit it about mid-way to the boundary , and the fielders are competent , you can probably run one time ( from one end of the pitch to the other ) and stop , but if you 've hit it further you can run back again or keep going . 
  the idea is to stay in for as long as possible , since you do n't get any points if you 're run out off the ball . 
  i 'm more wondering whether it 's an incumbent vs. opposition thing , and it 's only perceived as a national bias because they 've been in charge for so long . 
  anyone old enough to remember what it was like under clark able to weigh in ? 
  if they take you out to a secluded clearing with an altar in it , it may be for a blood sacrifice, 
  how many damn davids are there in nz politics ? 
  cunliffe , shearer , seymour , parker , carter , bennett , lee , hiatt ... 
  imagine if they 'd put * winter * on the album instead of stand up comedy, 
   crazy, 
  out of curiosity , what do you think of the redanka remix they played live ? 
  it 's not a shadowbanned comment , it 's a removed automod comment since op is a new account, 
  anyone know te reo ? 
  i may have been roped into hosting something for hundreds of people and want to make sure i do n't fuck it up, 
  oh the words are fine , it 's the grammar i 'm not sure about . 
  like whether the same words can be used to say you 're from an organisation as when you say you 're from a place ( n\u014d [ organisation / place ] ahau ), 
  imma be honest here , if there 's anyone shilling here i do n't think it 's the * anti- * top people, 
  a long time ago , a user named / u/pvtfish asked for a change on the users online option . 
  he got one, 
  i 'm sole speaker-ish , so i just need to make sure nobody speaks maori and i 'm fine, 
  he 's still on the discord under the legendary name, 
  fez is absolutely fantastic , i do n't know why people do n't like it . 
  it 's got such a rich and evocative sound, 
  there 's a difference between being familiar with the workings of another country and literally being trained by their intelligence agencies, 
  been picked up by stuff and ft, 
  removing under rule 12, 
  mfw forgot to actually remove it, 
  again , changing the title at all is n't editorialising . 
  changing it to add bias ( eg . 
  taxinda , `` bill screws over the country again '' ) is . 
  you can change the title to a better one for sure, 
  yeah for some reason reddit does n't let you reorder the rules , so we would have had to wipe all of them and add them again when we added rule 4 . 
  you should know by now we do n't put that much effort in, 
  shit why has n't that been used , that 's clever af, 
  the problem with where you 'd like to go is that they 're not really in any order , and they 're all in three separate directions . 
  you could potentially do a loop around , go up to mt cook , over arthur 's pass and back down the west coast , but to do everything in a week is a * really * big ask . 
  the glaciers and mt. 
  cook are literally on the opposite sides of the southern alps ( you can see mt cook from fox glacier ) and there are n't any passes anywhere near . 
  i 'd strongly suggest either extending your trip , or choosing only one of those two . 
  milford 's definitely worth it , some of our biggest and most famous walking tracks are around there , but again you would n't have time for them . 
  the glaciers and the west coast is much prettier than mt cook imo , but mt cook is more designed around tramping, 
  my bad , they must have resubmitted before i had a chance to approve, 
  the problem with where you 'd like to go is that they 're not really in any order , and they 're all in three separate directions . 
  you could potentially do a loop around , go up to mt cook , over arthur 's pass and back down the west coast , but to do everything in a week is a really big ask . 
  the glaciers and mt. 
  cook are literally on the opposite sides of the southern alps ( you can see mt cook from fox glacier ) and there are n't any passes anywhere near . 
  i 'd strongly suggest either extending your trip , or choosing only one of those two . 
  milford 's definitely worth it , some of our biggest and most famous walking tracks are around there , but again you would n't have time for them . 
  the glaciers and the west coast is much prettier than mt cook imo , but mt cook is more designed around tramping, 
  ( reposting from the other thread ), 
  entire article talking about her opinion piece in the guardian and not a single fucking link to it . 
  i 'd still suggest only an overnight stop in milford probably , though you could stop off in te anau beforehand so you 've got time to check out the milford road and the sound before all the tour buses from queenstown show up . 
  could do a little bit of some of the tracks there too , but most of them are three day tramps at the least . 
  round the glaciers you could go up to welcome flats - i think it 's an overnight one , but you go up to natural hot springs and get to relax after the hike, 
  i 've never done it personally , it rains * a lot * there but you might get lucky . 
  there 's guided tours , i think it 'd be a really cool thing to do but i just have n't had the chance . 
  there are a shitton of boats regardless that do cruises and tours , you can stay overnight on some too . 
  there 's also an underwater observatory you can go to , since milford is unique in that there 's a layer of fresh water at the top which means you get deep sea life really close to the surface , which the observatory lets you go down and see . 
  could easily be the setlist from any other show this tour tbh, 
  my guesses :, 
  australia, 
  sa / queensland / nt, 
  vic / nsw, 
  is it better than the bank centres ? 
  ca n't remember if it 's the anz or the bnz centre , but one of them ( maybe both ) just feels far too clean and sterile , definitely not what i 'd want the city to be like, 
  settle down young ` uns,
