  one time we were driving down round twizel way when all of a sudden the radio changed from kids songs to heavy metal - i 'm only assuming the other guys got the kids songs too, 
  i remember getting excited that we now had broadband , but before that i 'm not sure if it was before we had internet or before i was allowed to use it, 
  i 'd be down for that - hell , $ 10 a pop for petrol and i 'll be a driver, 
  as long as it 's not on a thursday or friday night , i have work late nights . 
  might pay to get / u/mamba _ 79 on side first though, 
  it was those damn commies all along !, 
  i knew it !, 
  i dunno , april fools last year was pretty good, 
  i 'd watch that movie, 
  could i get an imgur mirror on this ? 
  it 's not showing up for me , and saying it contains errors, 
  he never said he was keeping it together , just that he was more composed than an australian would be . 
  which is probably true, 
  i 'd be keen for sure . 
  gim me a list of stuff that 's good to take and i 'll bring twice as much as necessary . 
  hope whoever 's in my car likes u2, 
  in all seriousness , i reckon a photo / stargazing meetup trip thing would be cool . 
  sort out a meeting point ( / u/jpr64 seems to reckon bush inn ) and we 'll go from there . 
  i 've got a little telescope i won like eight years ago which might be cool for looking at stuff if people get sick of all the photos . 
  depending on how many are up for it , a couple cars might be enough, 
  also paging / u/jahemian since she seemed keen the other day, 
  tekapo is way too far unless you 're doing an overnighter , castle hill or birdlings flat or whatever you can get back that night . 
  i work thursday nights until 9 as well , and maybe fridays starting in a couple weeks . 
  pfft , you ai n't seen nothing yet . 
  back between late 2012 and about 2012 we had about 10,000 quakes in the chch region . 
  it 's mostly died down now , but every now and then you get something like this, 
  not enough to have any impact . 
  if you were lying down and relaxing you might feel it if you were sensitive to it , but if you were doing anything you 'd miss it . 
  it normally needs to be above a 6 to have been felt along that distance . 
  they had a sizeable quake just across the strait from wgtn last year and it was enough to make cars at traffic lights down here rock like they 're on a boat, 
  i stopped feeling anything less than about a 4.5 in the middle of it , it 's what you 're used to . 
  if you came from out of town you 'd be up under a doorway before anyone else realised there was shaking, 
  at this point we 'd have been three down if we were as bad as before , so we 're definitely doing better, 
  westfields riccarton is being evacuated , not sure if ` permanent ' or just a temporary thing, 
  also , your evacuations link is the same as your dust cloud link, 
  riccarton is evacuated , do n't think it 's back open again but i 'd give it a couple hours or so, 
  iirc there were a fair few during the early days of settlement , the cathedral was damaged a couple times prior, 
  ah cheers , was trying to figure out if it was severe enough that it was gon na be closed for longer or not . 
  guess i 'll be in come tuesday to clean it all up then, 
  here 's hoping they send out a message to let us know , do n't want to go and show up to an empty place on tuesday if not . 
  guess it all depends on the engineer report now . 
  are they making you lot all stay at the moment ? 
  if you were closed for the rest of the day i 'd have thought you could take off, 
  shit , good on him . 
  how bad was it in there ? 
  did n't get away with stealing , i take it ? 
  any chance i could put this up in the sidebar ? 
  good job , though i 'd say there 's probably some other stuff we did n't pick up on that 'll come up in stocktake, 
  looking like there 'll be a couple cars at least , so there should be room, 
  hah , we 're workmates - there 's another one of us on here somewhere that knows my username , but i do n't know his . 
  nah , that one was big enough to get under a door for . 
  other than that , just some drinks and geopolitical hypotheticals until it 's dark enough to go out and potentially shoot some night sky photos, 
  god i miss wellington . 
  wish i 'd gone to vic, 
  shit , are you lot all still locked out ? 
  gim me some details and i 'll shout a couple pizzas ( though i 'd imagine you 'd need more than just a couple for a hall ), 
  eh , i do n't know about the others but other than the unpleasant return of one quake it 's been fine . 
  must have been worse further east though, 
  sweet as , glad they did n't keep you out for longer than necessary . 
  as least the weather was decent enough, 
  pfft , i owe you enough as it is, 
  huh , wonder why they stayed open when everywhere else shut ? 
  how do you like snow sports ? 
  during the winter months , the skifields are a fairly big employer of people in your situation . 
  works best if you 're centered in queenstown , though elsewhere in the south island and in the middle of the north might give you some luck too . 
  i heard northlands and eastgate closed too , though i may have been wrong, 
  [ nzski ] ( https://www.nzski.com/employment ) is a company which operates three south island skifields - mt hutt ( about an hour and a half from christchurch ) , coronet peak and the remarkables ( both of which are in queenstown . ), 
  looks like recruitment for them opens either at the start of march or is already open , and given it closes at the end of march it 'd be good to look into that now . 
  i think most of them say on their website what to do , and some have their own forms on the website itself to fill out instead of actual enquiries . 
  there 's also [ cardrona ] ( https://employment.cardrona.com/home ) and a couple others which could be worth looking into, 
  well * duh , * public opinion !, 
  soon as it was in favour , so was he, 
  personally i found september to be scarier , given it was completely out of the blue and you had no idea what was going on . 
  at least with february i was out in the open and with mates , so was in no immediate danger . 
  suppose it would 've been different if i were inside or in town, 
  pretty sure that 's exactly how do it , if by it you mean drowning, 
  yo , looks like you 've been shadowbanned . 
  should contact the admins to figure it out, 
  are you over east ? 
  i 'm about half way between uni and the airport and other than a little bit of water out of the fish tanks we did n't have anything fall off shelves or whatever, 
  i thought the deepsea drilling was off kaikoura ? 
  need a third car ? 
  i could take the other two to make it a bit more comfortable - did n't end up going out last night anyway , was too cloudy, 
  how hard can it be ? 
   hold tourists hostage for cash, 
  hey , um , about tonight ... 
  the secluded quarry as a choice of destination is making a lot more sense now, 
  just to clarify , are we going out there regardless or is it still weather dependent ? 
  when is the call made ? 
  pfft , blowing off a once-in-a-lifetime chance to photograph with * the * mamba , for a movie ? 
  do n't know how many we will get , they were talking about having a moratorium on discussing new zealand apparently, 
  should be no trouble with that given next year is an election year, 
  cheers for a good night - shame the mozzies were so bad . 
  on a related note , what do you use to stitch the panos together ? 
  just tried with photoshop and my pc blue-screened from overexertion, 
  this brings up one question i have on it though - what 's the point if they 're not visible until after they 're sold anyway ? 
  shit , louisiana 's flag looks communist, 
  jeez , at the rate you 're meeting people i kind of feel cheated i missed out, 
  was a pretty good turnout too , we had more than the actual meetup apparently, 
  god , victorian total war with the scramble for africa and british india would be so fucking cool,
