  ccr - heard it through the grapevine, 
  the animals - house of the rising sun ( this counts , right ? 
  it was a traditional song , not their recording ), 
  desire - africa underground all stars ( officially a u2 cover , but it 's so different i 'm not sure whether it 'd count ), 
  but in this instance the person already knows about other colours . 
  op 's talking about whether you had a kid who only knew of the colour red for his whole life, 
  yeah , that 's the one . 
  shit , that 's impressive . 
  i hope you gave them a case of beer or something for that, 
  just noticed something - does n't look like there 's anything about name suppression anymore - is this intentional or just an oversight ? 
  eh , it 's not all it 's cracked up to be, 
  probably the flying fox at the playground . 
  mind you , i was three at the time . 
  lol , if this place had a no politics rule it 'd die fairly quickly . 
  my dad had to go on a business trip to some tiny town in southland and air nz put his bag on the wrong flight - they ended up getting it to invercargill and had someone drive it out to him an hour or so away, 
  huh , so it is . 
  that 'd give us a nice round number of 10 rules anyway , which would mean ballchy would be able to add moses to his list of titles alongside god-king of hamilton, 
  we 've already got some , check out / r/nzcss - i 've made them transparent too , so you do n't get the white squares around them . 
  let us know if there 's one you want that 's missing and we can look about adding it in, 
  not exactly random , she 'd had a thing for me for a while but could n't accept no for an answer, 
  might pay to give an explanation of what constitutes a novelty account somewhere then, 
  sidebar is chocka as is , i 'd say we should fire up the wiki, 
  / u/my _ usrname_of_choice for mod 2015 !, 
  i dunno , i think in some cases crowdfunding can be worth it . 
  like that time a couple weeks ago when / u/paulfknwalsh asked for help so he could paint some murals for a decile 1 school . 
  maybe allow exceptions with prior mod approval ? 
  but then you 're imposing on the market , and the poor landlords wo n't have any profit !, 
  wo n't somebody please think of the landlords !, 
  just the cop would be fine , lawyering up would be a bit far imo . 
  you have the cop come in and help you move , then if they start causing shit the cop explains that you 're legally allowed to do this, 
  yeah definitely , we need the room for the link flair filter and the other snazzy stuff , so setting something up to work with the wiki would be a huge help, 
  did you want it included in the sidebar or something ? 
   and i just feel like castle 's are getting a bit ridiculous . 
  i feel like that 's half the fun with this show , it does n't take itself as seriously as other ones, 
  there 's hover text already , might just be a tad slow in coming up . 
  should be able to see it normally by adding about/sidebar after the subreddit too , which is n't ideal but works . 
  as for the collapsing sections , i think it 's a necessary evil to keep the sidebar from becoming too cluttered like it is on / r/nz currently , but we 'll definitely take another look once we sort out what the sidebar is actually going to contain, 
  oh , right . 
  sorry , been a long day, 
  how old are you ? 
  if you 're around normal first year age ( 18-21 ) i 'd suggest looking at a hall for first year , it 'd be much less daunting than trying to find a flatmate having just moved half way around the world , and provides a good place to meet everyone, 
  can confirm / u/riotious makes kickass cookies, 
  i feel like this is the start of some sort of bake swap, 
  how long are you going to be there for ? 
  i 've got a lecture at 12 but love curry, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.theonion.com/article/area-man-constantly-mentioning-he-doesnt-own-a-tel-429 ), 
  i hear greg brings his guitar out sometimes, 
  i think this is the only acceptable answer - decent variety , no shipping costs, 
  high quality work pants / jeans, 
  i would , but it 's a politics lecture all the way over in forestry and i do n't want to be that guy who shows up late and smells out the whole room with food, 
  could i just get a bit of feedback on what people think for [ this style ] ( http://i.imgur.com/seud08h.png ) of header for the new css ? 
  the background would rotate , but would always be slightly darkened with the options in the centre , / r/space style . 
  the tsunami warning is a proof of concept which can be enabled and disabled easily in case there 's an important message which should be clearly visible to the whole subreddit , such as impending doom . 
  at the moment it does , the idea was to darken it a bit so that it 's easy to see the letters . 
  i 'll have a play around with the colours etc so that it 's easier to define and we can hopefully lighten the background up a bit, 
  damn , should 've come over . 
  the rain and rwandan genocide pissed me off too much, 
  the logo is still subject to change , i think we might go with something a bit fancier if we go with this design anyway, 
  hey , we were going to include a reworked sfa egypt , so that 's not really relevant . 
  plus makuria is from ~ 700 ad and lasted until the ayyubids , so yeah, 
  there 's a nile valley map with ynaemp v23, 
  people kind of need to create the mods before they can be used in ai only games , which is normally the bulk of the work, 
  no , we just released them all two days ago which is what this post was about, 
  it is a fair bit of the time though . 
  i 've saved a couple hundred on just a couple of books sometimes by buying textbooks on there instead, 
  they lived closer to the equator though and in a much warmer climate . 
  you could have something like elephants and woolly mammoths in this situation, 
  wait , it 's in town ? 
  shit , guess i 'll owe / u/zeros1s a drink . 
  i dunno , the last ones have all been around uni so i figured it 'd be closer and i 'd be able to walk there . 
  maybe , i 'll see if i can get someone else to come too so i 'm not trying to figure it all out on the night, 
  we released them all two days ago , and this post is announcing the release . 
  nubia is brand new ( although there are earlier ones by different authors ) , and the garamantes got a huge update and are essentially an entirely new civ, 
  i never realised peak engineering was a sovereign nation, 
  especially when compared to the dozens of tricolours in europe, 
  not the one i remember , but it seems to have worked . 
  cheers, 
  different to what i remember , but it did the job . 
  thanks !, 
  oh , that was just the first panorama i found of mine that looked half decent . 
  was meant as a proof of concept more than anything, 
  i 'm sorry , i 've been too busy getting an education :(, 
  nah , you just hate me, 
  yet you 're not wanting to make sure i get there in one piece, 
  familiarity wth the bus system means a lot more . 
  hell , i might end up in rolleston if i 'm not careful, 
  i could always drive , but then i would n't be able to drink and i 'm pretty sure i 'll need one, 
  i do actually have a good reason for not coming, 
  dunno , might still yet . 
  i want to , but i just want to make sure i 'm ready to open that can of worms again, 
  oh nah , it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  i 'd be happy to explain in private if you want , but yeah, 
  you act as though those are mutually exclusive, 
  that 's a no context post if i 've ever seen one, 
  ah , but mike backed the ` boks to win . 
  you asked steve ? 
  real housewives of constantinople ? 
  have you got jfd 's version 23 of it ? 
  he added in about 10 more maps when he took over gedemon, 
  my mate 's brother dated an estonian girl who came out here on exchange a while ago , and is going over there next year to marry her,
