  i get where you 're coming from , but still i 'm not sure about removing genres outright, 
  umm , yeah , it was . 
  i watched it on youtube all day, 
  removing this under rule 12 unless you can provide proof, 
  * middle new zealand : hold my beer *, 
  why 's that ? 
  they 're not talking about a one-off jump , they 're talking about ramping it up progressively, 
  this is absolutely the right thing to do . 
  new zealand prides itself on being a humanitarian leader , yet our refugee intake is one of the worst in the world - we take in just 0.31 refugees per 1000 people , compared to four times that for ireland , fourteen times that for canada , and thirty times that for norway . 
  we have solid programs in place for new refugees , it 's been proven that refugees have a net economic benefit in the long run , and any fears about cultural incompatibility have been repeatedly proven to be completely unfounded, 
  to which end , if you 're worse than australia with refugee intake you know you 're doing something wrong, 
  what are you implying ? 
  should n't have cancelled the almighty johnsons then, 
  quota is 1000 at the moment is n't it ? 
  why would it ? 
  there 's a strong support program for refugees which helps them transition into new zealand society at a stable level , it works far better than winz, 
   [ screened ], 
  just as a point of clarification , the refugee quota is for refugees through the unhcr , which are already screened and registered as valid refugees before ever getting on a plane, 
  in some instances that 's simply not possible though - see syria , for example . 
  and then neighbouring lebanon , where 1 in 5 of their entire population is a refugee , such levels are unsustainable even with infrastructure funding and aid, 
  it 's on a per capita basis - when adjusting for population ( and therefore resources too , for the most part ) new zealand is one of the worst in the western world for refugee resettlement numbers . 
  an extra 4000 is hardly opening the floodgates when you already have a couple orders of magnitude more migrants coming to nz annually . 
  yeah , for sure . 
  i 'd imagine it 'll be picked up like that by the main websites , hopefully, 
  well yeah , but not 1500 was my point, 
  keep in mind that these are screened refugees through the unhcr , not asylum seekers / migrants like they 're getting in europe . 
  also , i mentioned the economics of it as a counter to the claim that ` it all costs too much ' as it 's only ever seen as a cost and not an investment . 
  both sides need to be taken into account if it 's to be used as an argument, 
  can you point to any of those attacks where the perpetrator was a unhcr refugee , and not either a local citizen or an asylum seeker / migrant ? 
  do it based on populated land and it 'd be much closer, 
   quintupling seems a bit too much too quick, 
  it 's not a sudden increase , it 's a build over six years, 
  okay . 
  what our quota is for is not the same as what 's going on in europe . 
  our quota is through the unhcr , a united nations agency which deals with refugees . 
  this is all official channels . 
  what happens in europe is people smuggling , these people are either asylum seekers or economic migrants . 
  they have not been recognised as legal refugees . 
  people coming in through our quota have been . 
   these middle eastern and north africans do not want to assimilate into western culture . 
  this has been categorically proven to be wrong . 
  muslims in france , even in ethnic communities , speak french at a higher rate than the population , have higher regard for french ideals , and were more comfortable with interfaith marriage than french catholics . 
   no they are not refugees the are economical immigrants . 
  the ones in europe are . 
  our ones are different , and have been determined by the united nations to be refugees . 
   but the greens have a hard on for muslims so fuck what the rest of the country 's wants . 
  these refugees are not just muslims . 
  they are pacific islanders who face their islands being destroyed by climate change . 
  they are african or middle eastern christians who face being persecuted for their faith . 
  they are latin americans who have seen a whole generation of civil war . 
  they are people who need our help , and as new zealanders who stand up for human rights we should be doing our bit . 
  migrants / asylum seekers = / = refugees, 
  seriously ? 
  you put that far more diplomatically than i would have, 
  you sound * so much * better for society, 
  oh for sure , i was n't meaning it as a ` hurr durr we 're better than australia ' thing , but rather more of a comment that their human rights record in this area is n't exactly stellar , and so if we 're doing worse than them then we need to take a serious look at our approach, 
  my bad , i was referring to [ this ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/71899378/how-new-zealands-refugee-quota-stacks-up-internationally ) which talks of total refugee population per 1000 people , not specifically annual intake . 
  we need the infrastructure due to immigration regardless , so surely it makes more sense to reduce open immigration and increase to a lesser extent our refugee quota so that it 's a smaller number of net migrants , and those that come in are in greater need of a new home ? 
   in any case flicking voters between labour and greens wo n't do anything to get national out of power . 
  no , but it would have an impact on how progressive / left wing the government would be in a coalition between the two, 
  i dunno , that quote to me says that she sees him similar to how i see david seymour . 
  i despise everything he stands for , but i 'll be damned if i do n't respect him, 
  extreme left is n't anti-immigration though ? 
  they 're not mutually exclusive though , we can do both at the same time, 
  just as a clarification , that 's nowhere near the definition of a state . 
  you 'd be looking at the montevideo convention for that, 
   overwhelming majority of kiwis . 
  [ citation required ], 
   really , why ? 
  got any actual hard evidence to back up that opinion ? 
  from the article :, 
   the refugees convention does not recognise climate change as grounds for protection . 
  given a changing climate will mean there are a huge number of refugees from the pacific and other island nations , climate needs to be added to the refugee convention no question . 
  add to that desertification , and the millions living in low-lying river deltas , and you 've scope for an unparalleled humanitarian crisis . 
   gosh , why ever not ? 
  because they think it 'd make people complacent about climate change , and take their dignity from them, 
   this is simply untrue . 
  no-one has been forced from any home whatsoever . 
  not yet, 
   also , sea level has been rising at a consistent ( tiny ) rate since well prior to the industrial revolution , so man-made climate change can not be blamed . 
  honestly , this sort of fear-mongering is just irresponsible . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1732/ ), 
  well i mean technically there is n't , but only because the refugee convention has n't been updated for it yet, 
  he 's not talking about refugees though , he 's saying why would they go through the trouble of the unhcr process when it 's easier to just hop over to europe outside it, 
  hey , if competing with australia is what it takes to do the right thing then i 'm all for it, 
  what about the asian people who have been here since the gold rush in the 19th century ? 
  quite often they 're not . 
  palestinian refugees in neighbouring countries are frequently treated just as bad as they would be in israel, 
  see , but that 's just not true . 
  i suggest you look at * laurence , j. and vai\u0308sse , j. 
  integrating islam : political and religious challenges in contemporary france . 
  * in this , they found that muslim populations in france spoke french exclusively more often than the rest of france , were more approving of interfaith relationships than the rest of france , and overall were more integrated with french society than many other populations in the country . 
  beyond this , new zealand is the most diverse society in the oecd , and has historically taken in huge amounts of refugees with no issues whatsoever . 
  add to that the huge amount of immigration , and cutting that in favour of refugees should have no detrimental effect to anything , though there would n't be to begin with anyway, 
  anti-immigration rhetoric is a hallmark of right wing politics though , not the left . 
  yeah , that 's a fair point . 
  i 'm not saying the unhcr route is perfect , but it 's vastly more improved than what 's happening in europe, 
   no we do n't . 
  we should be controlling our own borders , not the un . 
  you really do n't understand how treaties work , do you ?
