moon , maybe ? 
  you can only do that if they have already converted one of your cities, 
  africa needs more representation - kongo is a favourite over at the 2k forums , while personally i think zimbabwe ( great zimbabwe , not mugabe ) would be a great builder civ, 
  i love deserts , petra makes them amazing , especially when there 's hills or oases nearby . 
  i founded a city in the desert and by mid-game it could build the forbidden palace in 6 turns . 
  but yeah , before the ai could annex cities i would give them one in the snow and they 'd be stuck there forever, 
  i 'm a modder myself ( you may know me as pouakai ) , and it 's not because we do n't have experience or time to make them , as other posts suggest . 
  it 's because , quite simply , it 's impossible to do so in the existing game . 
  other things such as custom music tracks and dom speech are also impossible without overwriting an existing civ . 
  since g&k some modders have decided to overwrite civilizations to bring in their own music tracks , but personally i prefer having it modular and having more variety, 
  because we ca n't add new soundtrack tags , which are what the game uses to know what songs to play when using a civilization . 
  so to have a soundtrack we need to use an existing soundtrack tag , which means either overwriting an existing civ or having the existing civ use the new civilization 's soundtrack . 
  while this is fine in most cases ( eg . 
  songhai and mali ) when the civilizations are completely different ( eg . 
  songhai and venice ) it creates issues , not to mention wastes perfectly good tracks by firaxis, 
  cheers mate , it means a lot - any you 'd like to see ? 
  or go over the mountains when playing as carthage, 
  i 've had that come up a lot - as i say to most of them , i do n't see a point in making a pack while they 're still being updated , as it 'd mean i 'd have to essentially do two wonders each time . 
  maybe when i eventually throw in the towel , but not yet . 
  as for the wonders , i 've been thinking about both for a while , maybe the berlin wall could act as a super-courthouse ? 
  it would require a lot of lua coding , and might end up being too op - i 'd need to check with some experts on it . 
  that could work , i 'll talk to sukritact and see what we can do, 
  try having petra with hills , two stone , marble , two oases , sheep and wheat with mada'in saleh ( 1 culture from deserts , 2 production and 1 gold from oases ) , teotihuacan ( 3 production and 2 culture from stone and marble ) , mausoleum of halicarnassus , stone works and buddhas of bamiyan ( 1 faith from deserts ) - i could build the forbidden palace in 6 turns, 
  it 's using some of my own wonders which are all their own individual mods , although some have been included in larger mods such as nights and gem . 
  and you are right , while most of the mods on their own are perfectly balanced , they can produce op situations when all used together . 
  another situation is a coastal city with the grand canal , colossus , seaport , itsukushima shrine , abraj al bait towers and so on, 
  because it 's there . 
  and because it 's close enough that if we screw it up somehow there 's a chance of survival - you screw stuff up on mars , 7 months away , and you 're dead . 
  imagine if apollo 13 happened halfway to mars . 
  i 'd date her if i got the chance . 
  but i 'd also date you , so that gives you an idea of my standards, 
  because nothing sounds stuck up quite like saying how the world would be screwed without you, 
  i saw this five minutes ago , and am still laughing . 
  is something wrong with me ? 
  should not be involved in regulating marriage , yet limits it to one man one woman ? 
  i * love * his logic . 
  wellington , new zealand here . 
  i think i 'm a bit lost, 
  so is new zealand , but kamehameha never ruled here ... 
  when you 're playing as the byzantines , use their bonus belief for religious texts , and get itinerant preachers as your enhancer belief . 
  no-one can stand in the way of your religion with it, 
  i play huge and i always go rt first . 
  add that to church property or the happiness one and your gold / happiness woes are solved for the game, 
  if we 've learned anything from disaster movies , they 'll only hit the statue of liberty , eifel tower and so on, 
  i 'm trying to ask what the worst situation airline staff on here have had , while excluding the obvious stuff ( 9/11 , plane crash ), 
  thanks !, 
  prior to and during ww1 , both new zealand and australia gifted britian a warship , named the hms new zealand and hms australia respectively . 
  on the 22nd of april , 1916 , the hms new zealand ` accidentally ' rammed the hms australia , which resulted in the latter missing the largest naval battle of world war one . 
  i , for one , welcome our computer overlords !, 
  can you lead your subreddit to glory and greatness ? 
  can you build a subreddit that can stand the test of time ? 
  spoiler : the whole earth is a giant truman show, 
  still a gaping hole in africa - come on , let 's see another african civ in the last two !, 
  should i go on ? 
  especially when they say `` with all due respect , fuck you '', 
  a guy did this in one of my classes once , while looking at the teacher ( who was a middle age man , this would have been when the guy was about 11/12 ), 
  you 'll most likely need to do it through modbuddy , although i do n't know the specifics on how a map works . 
  for uploading a mod in general though , you use the steam workshop page on the modbuddy and follow your nose through there, 
  i 'm also willing to answer any questions about how to mod , provided i know the answer ( dll / lua are out of my ability at this stage ) - feel free to reply or flick me a pm at cfc ( pouakai , for those who do n't know ) . 
  a fair few modders are , i know whoward is now the patron saint of modders , helping out in almost every help topic - often by the time i show up he 's fixed the hole thing , so i need to feel useful, 
  i 'll pass that on to leugi , the mastermind behind it . 
  i think the blur is a result of the shrinking of the image , i 'll need to get it ingame to check . 
  i agree about the waves in the sand , although i think the reasoning behind the change is his depth of field - that far back the waves blur together . 
  also , with the building , are you talking about the dome of the rock or jerusalem as a whole ? 
  ah , i see where you 're talking about now . 
  i 'm not sure how willing he 'll be to change anything though , given he 's working on his own projects at the moment ( argentina and mapuche , i 've linked the wip leaderscreens for those below ) so might be too preoccupied to modify it . 
  he 'll have to fight genghis for it first, 
  i 'm not sure , i 'm not the one working on that . 
  i presume it 's for a similar reason that firaxis chose theodora over justinian for byzantium, 
  there 's a difference between the military removing the government and the military not attacking protestors - they can just sit out and not do anything to let the protestors overthrow the government while not getting actively involved . 
   the turkish media has been silenced and it is up to the rest of the world to help spread the word of these civilian attacks . 
  notify your local and national media , and tag them on twitter to make them speak the truth about what is happening . 
  this is a for humanity , no less . 
  you know what to do , reddit . 
  saladin was a leader of arabia in civ 4 and there are the ayyubids in the into the renaissance scenario of g&k , but that 's it . 
  ayyubids have never been a separate base-game civ . 
  indeed it is, 
  yeah , it is . 
  not yet , but there are several people trying to figure it out . 
  it 'd be a tad awkward if he just said ` one night i set up a webcam and saw my wife naked with another chick ', 
  there used to be a plugin for itunes that let it recognise . ogg files , but that stopped working a while ago for me , so i 've used the program below to convert the files . 
  you have to add them to the conversion all individually so it 's a bit tedious , but it works fairly well . 
  upvote for a higher-than-possible grade, 
  unless freddie 's death was the catalyst for the world to pour funding into hiv / aids research and develop treatment ? 
  any idea on how to fix that ? 
  i opened up the easily accessible bits and got dust out of there , but the bulk of it ( fan etc. ), 
  is accessed differently . 
  new zealand calling , we have them . 
  scary spice indeed . 
  i 'm pleased he agrees the police are terrorists now . 
  i 'm not sure , we have a bunch of them in nz . 
  we call them bogans , they 're generally the ones who walk to the warehouse ( sort of like walmart ) in their pyjamas with bare feet or something . 
  generally live in state housing, 
  one of my ancestors ( 5xgreat grandmother ) accidentally killed her whole family by getting the arsenic and the custard powder confused . 
  made a pudding , put the arsenic in by mistake and they all ate it and were poisoned . 
  her son which i 'm descended from was already on a ship or something when it happened , which is why i 'm here . 
  i like the name gin , but i 'm worried people would think i 'm an alcoholic or something, 
  couple thousand earthquakes, 
  some of the stuff off u2 's pop is pretty bad . 
  something like mofo or discotheque,
