  you 've waited a year for the last flairs to be added , you can wait another couple of days . 
  katchafire seem to only ever sing about weed, 
  i love how al qaeda and the us are now de facto allies, 
  i 'm still in favour of friday foreign affairs , since wednesday world news does n't work thanks to the whinging thread, 
  awesome dr. strangelove reference too, 
  [ riding the bomb ] ( https://quadrantingdotcom.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/stranglovebombride.jpg ), 
  so now 's probably not the best time to bring up the additional link flair suggestions , right ? 
  sidebar is still under construction sorry , if anyone wants to help out with the wiki feel free, 
  we have to do black friday at work as well . 
  i hate it, 
  nah , was just the ` news ' and ` picture ' ones that i had in mind based on the unflaired submissions since we launched the css, 
  congrats , you have far better luck than i, 
  finally got round to it , what do you think ? 
  orange might be better for politics actually , to tie in with the neutrality of it and its use by the electoral commission . 
  awesome , looks good . 
  now people just need to use them, 
  hey / u / - halcyon , looks like the nz flag flair is a bit messed up . 
  should be able to have a play around with the height of it and the one above it to fix it ( they do n't need to be 20px ) . 
  i would do it , but i have to run off to work . 
  that 's weird , the flair thing is acting up on ios so i 'll take another look tomorrow if another mod has n't by then, 
  thank the guys over at / r/wellington for that , i just stole their code, 
  where were you this whole year :(, 
  it 's harmless fun , why do you care ? 
  it 's not like we 're scrambling a cabinet meeting and recognising them as independent, 
  one of the worst ever so far , hit me this morning like a sack of bricks . 
  antihistamines are doing nothing, 
  finish work on the night of the 24th , start work on the early morning of the 26th . 
  spare a thought for us in retail, 
  or , you know , do n't let them know until right before you leave , since letting them know in advance worked * so * well last time ? 
  we do n't * have * wiki pages yet . 
  feel free to help create them, 
  yeah , tourist info and all that . 
  it should still be on the main wiki page if you click ` wiki ', 
  is it too late to change it to the silver fern so they think we 're one of them ? 
  no idea , all i know is that i bought a shirt from hallensteins a while back with it on . 
  honestly , the best advice possible is to just be prepared for anything . 
  i 've had snow flurries in summer before , and both temperature and weather can change hugely on a near daily basis . 
  as far as the west coast goes , i 've only been there once when it was raining out of dozens of visits , but you 'll talk to others who have never seen the sun while over there . 
  you could get lucky and have gorgeous mid-20 degree days , or you could just as easily have single digit temperatures . 
  heating in the hut might help , but most places in nz would still get fairly cold in those conditions, 
  well , between the constant hayfever and the various other ailments , seems fairly clear that i was the one to lose the genetic lottery out of my brother and i. bloody hell, 
  iirc it 's the road out to farewell spit . 
  took it years ago when i went up on a trip with dad, 
  that 's something which has n't been brought up in the flag debate , what about our naval jacks and ensigns and all that ? 
  must do , i 've seen posts in / r/wellington too, 
  it 's winnie up in northland kicking out the foreigners, 
  it 's always difficult when people ask you for some kiwi slang . 
  i tried teaching my japanese host family * ka pai * , only to find out that the japanese word for cheers is * kanpai * , so for the rest of the night they were raising their glasses and going * ka pai !, 
  why would she have the springbok flair ? 
  but then people would think / u/appexxd was south african by association , and nobody would want that, 
  the no-nuclear stance was slightly different though , it was with regards to nuclear-powered warships and warships carrying nuclear weapons . 
  in regards to the wider context of the cold war , declaring a no-nuclear stance was easily the best course of action in order to ensure the safety of new zealand in the event of a conflict breaking out . 
  changed it , and set up the flairs . 
  it 'll either work properly or there wo n't be a daily thread tomorrow . 
  oh hell , what happened ? 
  i 'd changed it to `` someone change the damn quote , '' but i think this is better by far . 
  crossover special with * the dictator ? 
  i 'd generally say either rent a car or get a campervan . 
  having a camper would eliminate the need for extra accommodation , but personally i 'd say if you can renting a car and staying in hostels etc would be better . 
  with regards to your questions :, 
   1 - getting around . 
  bus vs renting a car . 
  i believe renting a car for the entire time would potentially be expensive , also because we will be at least 14 days hiking and not using a car . 
  are the bus packages recommended ? 
  as i said , probably go by car . 
  the bus services between towns are average at best , and that time of year will likely be full of drunken students and revelers for new year festivities . 
   2 - where do you store your things when going on multi-day hikes ? 
  do the hostels support that ? 
  i 'm not a hiker so i do n't know , sorry . 
  some people book rooms and leave them there , or leave them in their cars . 
  but both are fairly risky options , as kea are n't the only opportunistic animals around . 
   3 - internet access . 
  are there internet cafes ? 
  can i assume most of the hostels and b&b s have wi-fi ? 
   4 - phone . 
  can i get a sim card for a month or more ? 
  what are the options if i want data as well ? 
  there are a few dated internet cafes , and most places will have wifi - though you may need to pay for it . 
  your best bet might be to go for a cheap prepay sim card , which can be loaded up with plans offering various amounts of data , texts , and calling , for various prices . 
  the only carriers in nz are [ vodafone ] ( http://www.vodafone.co.nz ) , [ spark ] ( http://www.spark.co.nz/ ) , [ skinny ] ( https://www.skinny.co.nz/ ) , and [ 2degrees ] ( https://www.2degreesmobile.co.nz/ ) , of which skinny is the most affordable . 
  each one has varying degrees of coverage though , and may not work for parts of the trip . 
  in some of the tourist spots it may be slow too because of unusually high usage over the new year period . 
  i 'm debating between 1-3 days on the trek . 
  i rather not be around 1000 people , and i know i can possibly get a taxi boat to go in to a more northern part and hike from there . 
  any specific things you recommend for this tramp ? 
  would a day hike be enough , should i go for one night ? 
  i 'd be able to see more , but i 'd also have to carry the full camping gear . 
  you can see a fair bit of abel tasman by road , and there are other options for the region which could be more interesting . 
  kayak tours are fairly popular , and if you 're confident with your map reading you could go on a tiki tour up round farewell spit way . 
  i 'd opt for a one day trip and spend some more time checking out the region . 
  i wrote down a mauri village to visit , zorbing , thermal park ( wai-o-tapu i think ) . 
  would that be 2 days ? 
  anything else ? 
  i 'd say it 'd be enough , especially factoring in the drive down from auckland . 
  you 'd be better to take your time and stop in at a few places along the way ( like paeroa , home of our national non-alcoholic drink ) a day in the coromandel might be worth it too if you have time , though it 's probably chocker with aucklanders at that time of year . 
  the maori tourism thing is definitely worth checking out , as are the geothermal areas . 
   7 - mt cook . 
  day hikes ? 
  2-day hike ? 
  is the access from the east coast or the west coast ?
