  should check with the admins to see why, 
  sweet as , team has all pulled out though, 
  it 's not that bad once you get the hang of it . 
  basically you need to listen to the car , and when the revs start to get high you take your right foot off the accelerator , put your left foot on the clutch ( far left pedal ) and hold it in place while you move to the next gear . 
  then do it in reverse - once you 've changed gears , left foot off the clutch and right foot back on the accelerator . 
  same thing for changing down , though it may be the break instead of the accelerator you 're wanting . 
  it 's really all about practice and learning when to shift and all that, 
  you in a tech store too ? 
  i 'd say wait for the alta to come out , the standard hr should drop a fair bit in price at that point - the blaze is more like a new version of the surge , whereas the alta is more like a new charge hr . 
  a bit , but looking at the post history they do actually post normally too . 
  shit , sounds like i 'm gon na need to watch a replay . 
  is it on freeview at all today ? 
  i always assumed it was seawater - used to drive past big evaporation ponds as a kid for it, 
  i can ban you if you want, 
  they hinted at it , but did n't explicitly say that he died . 
  i 'd be surprised if he had n't , but they did talk a while back of him coming back for another movie and i would n't be surprised if they tried it on, 
  i dunno , i 'd kind of miss the nazis / commies if it skipped to the modern time . 
  that was part of the charm, 
  looking forward to having you !, 
  did you want to use this account for answering the questions ? 
  i 've set up the main account with a verified geonet flair , can do the same here if you want ( once we do the formalities of verifying it 's you and everything ), 
  i 'm gon na need a gif of granger 's smirk at eric in ops, 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what prompted the shift ? 
  seems like greens and national would n't have all that much overlap in terms of voter base, 
  at least your procrastination is productive . 
  i just browse this all day or watch telly, 
  i think it 's an unpopular opinion , but i preferred mikey havok . 
  not a fan of bhuja, 
   we threw carpetbaggers down there after the civil war . 
  how old * are * you ? 
  jeez , that is a big sleep in !, 
  damn , i 'd love to but i 've got work those nights . 
  hope it goes well !, 
  working , though i 'd imagine it 'll be a quiet night with a fair few people pulling sickies, 
  time for another tune thursday , and since it 's st. patrick 's day i 'm going to ask for irish songs today - either bands from ireland or irish music ( so dropkick murphys count even though they 're from boston . ), 
  edit : [ spotify playlist ] ( https://play.spotify.com/user/pouakai/playlist/0aybwisalghhjjqvonxnfh ), 
  he 's the antisock , like the antichrist but for footware, 
  i 'll have you know that i 'm 1/16th irish on my dad 's side , straight from dublin city i am . 
  the mantle has been lifted once more !, 
  i would answer , but it would break the no politics rule . 
  let 's just say a certain person getting drunk on national tv and sealing his own fate . 
  still would be cool if there were planets with thicker atmospheres ( not necessarily gas giants , but that sort of thing ) where you had most of the stuff within the atmosphere instead of on the surface, 
  oh nah i was meaning muldoon 's snap election, 
  pm thread 's gon na be good today, 
  oh right , i misunderstood the comma . 
  bob jones punch was pretty good too, 
  nah , need all my sick leave for my wisdom teeth next month . 
  plus i have n't got plans anyway, 
  oh there 's definitely going to be u2 , the question is how much of it . 
  van diemen 's land is really irish-sounding , might throw in pride too, 
  okay , sweet as - if you want to [ message the mods ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fnewzealand ) with some verification just so we can verify that it is actually you , and i 'll sort the flair out no worries . 
  i 'm from new zealand , our main centre-right party would probably be too far left to get elected in the states, 
  it 's only editorialised if you add opinion , in this case the title is completely factual ( albeit while leaving out some other important reasons ), 
   i 'd lump nz and australia together ( maybe using the southern cross ), 
  god , the spacehead variety was the best . 
  puzzletime was decent too , though things stopped making sense after a bit of that one ( probably why it was called puzzletime , i suppose . ), 
  then you 'll never be up the river without one !, 
  neither are hong kong and macau , though, 
  yeah , just comment your questions here or flick me a message with it , and i can ask it for you, 
  nah , it 's completely true and is a huge issue over here . 
  beyond what he said , it 's also a protectionist measure against our largely primary sector and agricultural economy . 
  the fear was that introduced plants could get out and severely damage our crops , which is why we have some of the strictest biosecurity controls in the world at our border . 
  just last year a fruit fly was discovered from someone 's illegal garden , and the whole area of auckland was [ cordoned off ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&amp;objectid=11556038 ) for like six or seven months in an exclusion zone . 
  there 's been talks of legalising gardens proper recently , but then a story like the one in the link above comes out about people taking part in gardening getting hurt and the whole thing gets set back 5 or 10 years, 
  there 's a difference between cultivated gardens , lawns , and forestation . 
  you 're allowed a lawn provided it 's less than a certain height , and any trees or other plants which naturally grow on your property are fine so long as you do n't maintain them . 
  awesome , i 'll be sure to pass them along for you !, 
  it 's a vicious cycle - the death occurred because gardening is banned because of things like this which occur because gardening is banned and so on . 
  bit of a grey area but factual enough to not remove the article, 
  oh the cops have those roadshow things , like they do with drugs , so you can see what a garden looks like and identify them and all that shit , so there is some experience with them . 
  normally it just creates more problems in high school when people have seen what gardens look like and want to try gardening for themselves though . 
  fuck , i swear i 'm smart sometimes, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  there was nowhere near enough drunken rambling in the pm thread yesterday . 
  i 'm disappointed in all of you, 
  better buy some of those new fighter jets to deal with the threat, 
  this is so sad . 
  pretty sure i have a pic of it from earlier , but ca n't find it for the life of me . 
  compare that to [ what it looked like in 2001 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/15/franz_josef_glacier.jpg ) , courtesy of wikipedia, 
  yeah , but it 's never retreated that much . 
  used to be right down the valley, 
  ~ ~ the joshua tree ~ ~ probably the guardians of the galaxy soundtrack , that shit is awesome . 
  the amount of looks i 've gotten from blaring * hooked on a feeling * out of my car only ever makes the commute better, 
  so you 're saying that [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/lnezf ) shift is completely normal and nothing to worry about ? 
  right , to win i just need 15 rolling bombs . 
  got it , thanks . 
  as far as alcohol goes , there 's a hell of a lot of it here , but nothing that 's really unique to nz - there are kiwi brands of spirits and craft beers and stuff , but there are n't any unique kiwi types of liquor . 
  there are some kiwi cocktails though, 
  that would explain so much, 
  why ? 
  it 's not editorialised, 
  have you got proof of these ? 
  i have n't seen any non-duplicate posts get removed without a valid reason, 
  removed , rules 5 and 6, 
  nah , it either needs a gullible foreigner or it needs to have something new . 
  last time was made good by having both - first confusing a bunch of people , then with / u/kiwicop showing up and having law enforcement back it up . 
  ( speaking of , what do you think about having a verified police flair / u/kiwicop ? 
  would you be allowed to ? ), 
  depends , are we sharing a drink that 's called loneliness ? 
  have fun , sounds like a great lineup .
