  let 's look at de-extinction for species we 've wiped out . 
  reintroduce the moa , huia , and adzebills, 
   blenheim for the fantastic architecture . 
  lol, 
  look at oamaru if you 're after architecture - it 's got a really cool old district which has fully adapted steampunk, 
  i 've never once heard of a palace in blenheim , got a link ? 
  i 'm trying to search and the only thing i can see under that name is a palace in the uk called blenheim palace . 
  it 's a nice enough place in the summer if you 're into wine and stopping off on your way through , but definitely not worth the massive detour given the coastal road is out of commission for the rest of the year due to an earthquake . 
  you 'd be far better to do a loop round the southern half , stop off at mt cook / tekapo on your way down to queenstown and all that , spend the extra time from not going to blenheim on a trip to milford sound . 
  could also do a return trip from chch up to kaikoura , which is now open and has whale watching trips after being cut off in the same earthquake that broke the road north from it . 
  it looks [ pretty damn special ] ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/57955a906b8f5b356abb8b1b/t/57bd0c5cc534a5bc5501105e/1472007262970/kaikoura+bay+winter.jpg?format=1500w ) in winter too if you get a decent snowfall, 
  i mean it 's still wine and if you can get it on a good day it 's mint , but more often than not it 'd be cooler and average weather . 
  there 's also gibbston valley down on the road into queenstown as another major wine region , i 'd recommend going here instead given how far out of your way blenheim would be, 
  that boat lift is legit af , that 's so cool . 
  personal favourite i think still has to go to the milau viaduct though, 
  / u/dead _ rooster can you confirm ? 
  you used the ` h ' !, 
  my one for this is probably gon na be nloth . 
  it 's got some fantastic songs on it , but for some reason it was n't a hit at all . 
  first off , the original tracklist :, 
  `` no line on the horizon '', 
  `` magnificent '', 
  `` moment of surrender '', 
  `` unknown caller '', 
  `` i 'll go crazy if i do n't go crazy tonight '', 
  `` get on your boots '', 
  `` stand up comedy '', 
  `` fez -- being born '', 
  `` white as snow '', 
  `` breathe '', 
  `` cedars of lebanon '', 
  okay , so first thing first is to get rid of suc . 
  i do n't mind the song , but it does n't fit with the album and is better as a b-side . 
  i 'm replacing it with the linear version of winter . 
  maybe a slight rewrite of unknown caller would n't go amiss to make it less `` fellow kids '' , but that 's neither here nor there . 
  next is a reshuffle . 
  the title track is n't really a good opener , so i 'm going to go with something that has a better intro - linear uses unknown caller and i really like that , so it 'll be that one . 
  i think.mos has to be the closer , and as for the rest i 'm wanting to make it more of a thematic album - lots of the songs have an aspect where you can interpret it as talking about a person , either a peacekeeper or a journalist , in the holy land . 
  so i think in that aspect it should be a bit more linear as to an overarching story ( no pun intended . ), 
  draft off the top of my head would be :, 
  unknown caller, 
  breathe, 
  get on your boots, 
  winter, 
  white as snow, 
  magnificent, 
  nloth, 
  fez - being born, 
  crazy tonight, 
  cedars of lebanon, 
  moment of surrender, 
  it 's not perfect , and still has a few issues imo , but it now has a much better progression of a story . 
  protagonist arrives in this foreign land , young and full of hope , then watches as someone he knew gets killed in the conflict , he has a crisis of faith , he misses the birth of his kid and ends up jaded and disillusioned . 
  depressing as fuck , but i do think it 's better than the original to some extent . 
  feel free to criticise and all that shit, 
  shit , he 's gone and got himself an alibi . 
  he 's better than i thought ... 
  i 'd be impressed if nye happened by accident . 
  they 're at war with / r/masterton for a spot on the sidebar . 
  i think / r/fielding is in ont his too, 
  but you ca n't use tethering !, 
  it 'll go on the sidebar when / u/jpr64 goes to a meetup, 
  nah , has to be a / r/chch one, 
  okay just looked round there again , not even just the sidebar text . 
  what the fuck is up with that place, 
  aww , it 's gone now, 
  y' all are n't getting on the sidebar like that, 
  not by democratic process . 
  that 's the one, 
  want to take a bet on which one would make unilateral decisions ? 
  come join the discord and all will be revealed, 
  but then how would i get you to join the discord ? 
  you 're one of those people that like winter , are n't you . 
  yeah , we have them reversed . 
  i had afternoon tea growing up after school which consisted of a couple slices of apple and a bag of chips sitting in front of cartoons, 
  yeah the last thing they need is another lot of baby boomers, 
  the partition of india did have a large population swap , and there was a [ huge amount of violence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partition_of_india#independence.2c_population_transfer.2c_and_violence ) in the process - some estimates put the number of deaths at up to two million . 
  trying to avoid that would definitely be in mind, 
   at pres. 
  my comments do n't appear visible on reddit nz so ... . nice one censorious mods ? 
  have i been shadow banned on the grounds of egregious wrong think \u2122 ? 
  we ai n't done shit , calm down, 
  king brian '' s gone down to georgia style musical duel , i love it, 
  so is using goddamn chemical weapons , and i do n't see russia up in arms about that, 
  who else would it be ? 
  we 've got proof from the last four years that assad is using chemical weapons and barrel bombs , both of which are outlawed by the geneva convention, 
  do n't forget driving around at day and then waiting until night to investigate the spooky abandoned buildings, 
  we had one here about ten years ago . 
  i was in school at the time , the whole school is sitting outside facing the way it came from . 
  at first i thought someone had thrown a paper plane or something , but then we had the sonic boom and everyone lost their shit . 
  i realised what it was pretty quickly , but most people thought it was a bomb or a plane crash or something , there were kids running everywhere . 
  we got to go home early , and i had a very excited conversation with the national observatory about it, 
  i really hate the idea of emily as the mole , it 's so goddamn cliche . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's a good observation and all , but i 'll be annoyed with the writers if they go that route, 
  i 'd have been negative 9, 
  oh my god , this is amazing . 
  you 're a fantastic writer, 
   a small section of a national park ( the biggest in new zealand , actually ), 
  kahurangi 's not the largest , surely ? 
  from what i 've heard they played a huge concert , and did streets like five times .
