  also , how easy is weather to predict here ? 
  i 've heard some things say it 's really difficult and others say it 's easy , so i 'm not sure . 
  finally , am i right in thinking it 's getting more warm and humid in recent years , or am i imagining things ? 
  it was always a hot and dry heat here in chch , but we 've had a fair few days in the last year or so which have been really muggy . 
  edit : one last question , what sort of coverage do you give to the ~ ~ colonies ~ ~ outlying islands , both up in the pacific and down south ? 
  any sort of work you do up in the cook islands / niue / tokelau ? 
   you should share some of your photos with us !, 
  do n't encourage him , his ego 's big enough as it is ... 
   but we also captured aurora australis on our dunedin webcam, 
  ever thought about including aurora forecasts on the website somewhere ? 
  shit that cricket was way too close given the start of the innings, 
  obvious solution there is to just rebuild the berlin wall, 
  shit , that sure showed them, 
  lol you wish, 
  okay , so i took a look . 
  first two are outside of europe but built by europeans . 
  then there 's a couple european ones . 
  then there 's another four non-european countries where europeans built the forts . 
  among this is your favourite , china - which has this gem of a quote ( emphasis mine , 
   ** portugal 's small presence there in the 16th century brought us the only starfort i can find in china ** . 
  when china could have used a good starfort or two was during the opium wars of the mid-19th century , but ** they did n't have the time or know-how to build one . 
  then it goes back , european , european-built , european , european , european , european , european , and so on , until japan . 
  now , japan lists one star fort ( goryokaku ) , but not who made it . 
  i did some digging , and found this :, 
   gory\u014dkaku was designed in 1855 by takeda hisabur\u014d . 
  ** his plan was based on the work of the french architect vauban . 
  so i 'll maybe give you this one in that it was n't built by the europeans exactly , though it definitely could n't have existed without the french . 
  on the list goes , with another ~ 15 european nations with star forts , and another ~ 15 outside of europe where the europeans built them . 
  so you ca n't say in the slightest that they were n't a european thing , as that link completely says otherwise . 
  it 's very cold and grey here in chch , though apparently it 's supposed to get to 30, 
  while labour is typically associated with the unions , is there any proof that they were in favour of those policies ? 
  it 's really well shown in [ this last week tonight video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjugcjjugsg ) . 
  normally studios get one climate change scientist and one skeptic , presenting it as though the jury is still out . 
  this video makes the difference much more apparent . 
  he gets shitty every time my civ 5 mods come up, 
  have you got some of the other quakes ? 
  if it 's like the one we 've got here in nz , it 's an anonymous tipline for reporting crimes where you do n't want to be known as the person who tipped the cops off, 
  might be better to submit a new thread now , this does n't get much attention, 
  europe is a bad example , of course something like that is going to happen when you have such a massive influx of migrants in a short space of time . 
  we 're not talking about that here , we 're talking about small numbers who get help when arriving on how to adjust to new zealand society , and who have already been vetted by the united nations refugee programs . 
  we 're not talking about thousands of people making their way to new zealand by way of people smugglers . 
  why do n't you trust the vetting process ? 
  refugees are far less likely to commit any acts of terrorism or anything like that compared to normal migrants or even domestic populations, 
  see / u/jahemian i 'm not the only one, 
  spreedsheets do n't normally go down that well here ... 
  i always end up having something else on whenever there 's a meetup in chch , so i 'm never able to make it, 
  reasonably decent piece on suicide , it 's a shame the circumstances to warrant it were so terrible . 
  i 'm surprised they were able to say so much about it though , normally it 's a ` surprise death ' or something . 
  that said , the second graph is pretty terrible - it has bars from different age groups next to each other , with a gap in the middle of the male and female instead of between the age groups . 
  makes the gender disparity at a given age group far more difficult to detect, 
  why anyone would want to get to either of those places quicker is beyond me, 
   if anything , come down harder on alcohol . 
   i think labour can win a huge amount of votes here . 
  yeah i ca n't see these two statements working together i 'm afraid . 
  shit i 'm gon na miss it . 
  send updates to the coast by carrier pigeon ? 
  remindme still works , it just sends you a pm instead, 
  to be fair , you did n't even apply, 
  obviously did n't read the state of the subreddit then, 
  i agree - i do n't agree with david on a lot of the issues , but the fact that he answered everything and even got right into the responses to his questions and stood by his comments earned him a hell of a lot of respect in my books . 
   less corrupt, 
  seriously ? 
  trump is literally governing foreign policy based on business deals , and has straight up refused to declare any form of tax returns or step aside from his business holdings . 
  he 's the definition of corruption, 
  seeing vanilla polynesia and not the split hurts deep man, 
  literally no dignity, 
  have you checked whether they fly into whanganui ? 
  curio bay is pretty cool too . 
  i 've got a rock with a fossil of some sort in it somewhere from round there that i found as a kid, 
  i drove from punakaiki down to fox glacier today , got of fine save for an hour and a half walk up to franz josef glacier which got me caught in a west coast downpour or five, 
  i 'd imagine the second amendment already has a fair few people ready to stand up for it , nra has deep pockets, 
  omfg i fully read that as ` driving ' , my bad . 
  figured it was something to do with the long weekend, 
  if you see a post you think breaks a rule , report it and let us know . 
  we 're not omnipotent, 
  we have weekly politics discussions where they can go , or you can post a self-post with references where you explain in greater detail your argument . 
  submitting a link implies the link itself is related to new zealand , which in these cases it is n't, 
  hazelwood 's already doing twice as well compared to last time, 
  only solution there is to go and join them with an offering of booze, 
  boult you beaut, 
  who was that guy complaining we had n't won chappell-hadlee in ages ? 
  i get where you 're coming from , but i think i 'm gon na have to remove this under rule 8 . 
  maybe try / r/chch or / r/nzcirclejerk ? 
  i 'd love to be a pilot , but the cost of the training was way too much for me - something like 100k just for your normal licence , let alone flying proper planes and whatnot . 
  what was the website for the posters ? 
  i 'm not seeing the link in the post, 
  [ found it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/cricket/comments/5qz1wd/post_match_thread_nz_vs_australia_eden_park/dd38xh5/?context=3 ) , it was the trans-tasman trophy he was going on about, 
  yeah mb , that 's what i get for listening to / r/cricket and not reading the damn link, 
  just had a look , roughly $ 92k at the local flight school just for the course - uniform , equipment , text books etc are all extra, 
  yeah , that 's where i was meaning . 
  the bit where i 'm assuming it 's supposed to be has :, 
   posters in the background are from ( i started this website with my dad who now runs it full time , i 'm still a pilot ), 
  nah , not yet . 
  will let you know if i do, 
  yeah , think i just found it too - was about to message you, 
  that 's the one , there 's some damn awesome other stuff there too, 
  almost all episodes of qi used to be on youtube , then they all got region-locked by the local distributors, 
  i 'd doubt there would be any dispute over this , obviously the work has been done and just has n't been paid . 
  sucks that love rescue me got voted out first , i absolutely love that song . 
  i do like the live version better though , especially the little * `` i 'm hanging by my thumbs / i 'm ready for whatever comes '' * in one of the verses .
