  there was n't really one that was more popular than the other , although on a wider scale japanese and french do seem to more common . 
  relations between maori and pakeha are a bit more difficult . 
  do n't really have time to go into it now , but the short of it is that it depends on where you are . 
  i grew up in an area which was fairly tolerant and had people from lots of ethnicities who got along fine regardless of differences , but then in other areas it 's a bit more strained, 
  yeah , maori words are fairly colloquial . 
  there 's a few exceptions , such as pakeha ( generally used to refer to white kiwis ) but mostly stuff like kai or kia ora are only colloquial, 
  i 'm probably 10-20 minutes from the centre of chch and from the airport , even before the earthquakes we could see a decent number of stars whenever it 's clear, 
  damn , that one you could n't remember is the one i really want to know the location of , looks amazing . 
  great photos , glad you enjoyed yourself !, 
  yeah , still there . 
  used to live down on the south coast of wellington though , the hills would block the light pollution from the city and you 'd get gorgeous night skies, 
  was n't around milford sound at all , was it ? 
  i think one of the tracks there finishes a bay or two around from the township and you need to boat back, 
  ooh , a petition !, 
  that 's sure to work !, 
  we do n't put our decorations up until around november at work iirc . 
  for me it 's more the `` oh god , christmas stock is coming '' and i no longer have any room to move anywhere because the whole fucking storeroom is full of stock piled so high you need mountaineering training to cross it, 
  yeah , i had the same problem . 
  seems they just remove the listing when they run out of stock , instead of just saying ` out of stock ' . 
  i ended up ordering the regular version of the xps instead , which i 'm kind of annoyed about but i still get a fancy new laptop so eh . 
  not if elizabeth has anything to say about it, 
  yeah , and instead we have rush , with those perfect boosts into spikes and that absolutely fantastic flow . 
  no central city and a lot less buildings means less light pollution , as / u/thereluctantcannibal said . 
  another limited aspect was right after the earthquake - all the street lights were out , so there was no light pollution at all . 
  she said she felt guilty because her friend liked me , even though i 'd already turned her friend down multiple times, 
  i 'm from new zealand , our train system consists of about three lines across the whole country with one tourist based passenger service each . 
  went to japan a couple years back and was blown away by how good their train service was, 
   with the nelson flights also going to wellington . 
  i feel like i should apologise - i remember commenting something like `` oh god , * another * s-shaped map '' when it first came in . 
  but it 's a really great map , shame it was removed . 
  eh , i 'm [ gon na keep trying ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/tagprotesting/comments/3j16be/map_octagons/ ) to break it , but you 're probably right . 
  what are you up to now , anyway ? 
  never see maps by you anymore, 
  i kind of expect an april 1 release now, 
  there 's still a chance he 'll be orange, 
  thanks , any feedback is definitely welcome !, 
  the design was based on a smaller map i made last year , but that had the problem of spawning outside base and it was too difficult to escape with the flag , so i scrapped it and started over with a bigger version of the same design . 
  in regards to the chasiness of the map , do you think shrinking the outer octagon would help at all in that regard ? 
  i 've tried to set it up in such a way that even if they 're able to teleport across the map the chaser can use the boosts on the far side and catch up at the bombs , although i probably will take another look at that . 
  any ideas on how i could cut the chasiness down a bit ? 
  or is it good that the outer region favours the fc , given the bases are fairly defendable ? 
  good point about the portal too , i was considering it a high risk / reward thing , but maybe setting it to 0 would make it less op ? 
  do they have to be songs by females , or can they just be performed by them ? 
  i 've got a couple covers in mind, 
  yeah , that 's my issue with it . 
  people are talking about how back when canada changed their flag it was hated too , but canada 's actually looks like a decent flag . 
  these ones all look rubbish , and look more like major league sports teams in america than national flags . 
  i honestly reckon they went with that one and three other random choices, 
  i called it last night - news story came on and i said `` i bet you it 's gon na be a bunch of variations on the kyle lockwood design '' - it 's like it 's not even a contest , but they 're making it out to be . 
  did you not expect that when there were five in the top 40 ? 
  they delivered the coffee, 
  fishhook flag was awesome . 
  actually looked half decent too , unlike this lot, 
  hell , i 'd even prefer a [ prussian-style ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nzgrrr2.png ) flag to this, 
  maybe we 're where that malaysian airlines plane ended up, 
  well yeah , the author just grabbed the current coat of arms . 
  it obviously would n't be the final version, 
  iirc , a negotiation technique is to include wholly unreasonable stuff like this so that you can appear to concede ground while still getting all of what you want, 
  nah , i 'm meaning more as a flag . 
  the canadian one fits in with normal flag conventions , whereas none of these do . 
  sigmund freud ? 
  i should probably try that at some point, 
  i would say the florence and the machine cover of [ times like these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ui3ilvwuje ) , but i doubt it 's on spotify . 
  otherwise , maybe written in the water by gin wigmore ? 
  most of the other ones i had in mind have already been said, 
  edit : add in [ wanted man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si8encozs50 ) by the last internationale , just found it and it 's a damn awesome song, 
  given gandhi is a nuclear menace to the world it 's not that hard to be better than him, 
  is that any good ? 
  i used to have hola unblocker but uninstalled it when all that shit about it came out and now i 'm paranoid, 
  that 's probably because i have n't yet . 
  does n't mean i would n't want to try it if i got the chance, 
  i 'd probably need you or someone to hook me up , i 'm too sheltered to know how to go about any of it, 
  i think i 'll wait until summer , when it 's actually warm outside, 
  i dunno , i think doing stuff like that alone would wind me up in jail . 
  maybe at / after a reddit meet or something ? 
  i swear it 's always been a genuine reason , i just have shit luck with scheduling - nothing for months and then two things on the same night . 
  will try to make it to some soon , especially over summer, 
  i 'd suggest looking into wellington . 
  it 'd be a lot cheaper than auckland , the population is younger and it has a much better culture . 
  seems to be a decent night life too , although like much of the country it 'll be a lot bigger on friday and saturday nights than the rest of the week . 
  how expensive nz is depends on your comparison point . 
  [ this website ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/city_result.jsp?country=new+zealand&amp;city=wellington ) will let you compare it to where you are now . 
  you 'd probably be looking at ~ $ 200 per week for rent if you were flatting if you were in wellington , which is probably a bit cheaper than auckland and christchurch for various reasons ( auckland has a housing bubble , christchurch had an earthquake so there 's a lack of houses . ), 
  it would really depend on the hotel and what jobs it has available , i do n't know enough about it to comment . 
  from my experience , the most common job i see people in your situation in would definitely be in the hospitality / tourism industry , going up skiing in the winter and i think there 's maybe one or two kiwis that work there , at least on the public side . 
  again , it 'd depend on what you do when you come out here . 
  going flatting would help if you get decent flatmates , but most of my social interaction has been through uni so you 'd probably have a different experience . 
  sorry for being so non-specific , but again it really depends . 
  it 's a reasonably safe country , but a lot of it just requires common sense ( do n't go to the rough areas of town alone at night sort of thing ) - i 'd like to think you 'd be fairly safe , during the day you certainly would be , but i 'm not sure about late at night . 
  finally one i can be specific about . 
  if you 're coming out over summer there are a bunch of festivals around new year 's - rhythm & vines and rhythm & alps both take place over new years weekend , there 's the big day out in early summer which may or may not be happening , and various other ones with a more refined focus ( parachute if you like christian music , homegrown if you like nz music / reggae and do n't mind a certain recreational drug , electric avenue if you like electronic music etc. ), 
  university orientation weeks also have a fair few music acts , although i do n't know how difficult it is to get in if you 're not a student . 
  drinking culture is fairly big here . 
  people tend to preload and then head out on the town , and when people talk about a party it 's pretty much just getting absolutely shitfaced and passing out in a bush . 
  as for other things , public transport outside the cities is pretty rubbish , so you may want to look at a car if you were wanting to see the country . 
  within wellington you 'd be fine , they have great public transport and you can walk right across the cbd in about half an hour . 
  that depends , how willing are you to use them ? 
  to be fair , sometimes it is n't their fault - like if a flight 's late or something . 
  when dad came back a couple months ago his 2pm arrival flight ended up coming in at 6pm, 
  i 'm thinking he 's from that bit of america that 's actually canada,
