  other than that it 's pretty much all civ stuff, 
  hah , chur - i forgot to post the greek civ split too , that 's my favourite i 've done recently, 
  shit , um , well that went from 0-100 real quick, 
  chances of doing * a celebration * tomorrow ? 
  do n't forget the car being covered in blood after smithers runs over the girl on the road, 
  turn my rear window into an art gallery , got it, 
  how about [ laoco\u00f6n and his sons ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bd/laocoon_and_his_sons.jpg ) next ? 
  hah , meant it as a joke but if you 're game to give it a crack then by all means , would love to see the outcome !, 
  i heard that as much as a quarter said it might swing their vote ? 
  i think a third party `` fuck the 22nd amendment '' run from bill is the only way this could possibly get any more bizarre, 
  does majoring in journalism really help ? 
  i 'm in a fairly small country with limited media outlets , i 'd have thought they 'd be spoilt for choice in terms of media and communications graduates, 
  removed , rule 5, 
  are the rockets still all made in new zealand ? 
  i hope they have [ that little kiwi ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/8f/84/15/8f841531b48de4d160595eaae67f21c2.jpg ) on the side, 
  nah , best you did n't imo . 
  others might disagree though . 
  that said , i 'm sure the commerce commission ( or whoever deals with this sort of thing ) would love to hear about it, 
  depends on the hotel, 
  i think it depends on the circumstances . 
  if you 're normally home on a night in time for tea then you let them know if you wo n't be , and vice versa, 
  reddit sitewide rules on personal information , we do n't really have a choice, 
  good luck !, 
  i always hate giving presentations and i 'm paranoid that i 'm going to just mumble and all that , but my last ones have both come back as ` confident speaker ' so i 'm happy with that, 
  * national to win with 115 % of vote after steven joyce has pizza from dominoes *, 
  at least until charles is out of the picture, 
  is there anyone home ? 
  assignment i thought was due on the 11th turns out to be due on the 5th . 
  i also have another one due on the 2nd , which means i have one week to write 4500 words . 
  this 'll be fun . 
  why would n't he be ? 
  how does that have anything to do with the current situation ? 
  good job / u/chloeswarbrick, 
  might have to for the second one , first one he 's already given us an extension from tomorrow so i ca n't really justify a further extension on that . 
  second one is a presentation anyway , he 's just making it fair by saying everyone has to have it due by the day the first one presents even though i 'm last on the list, 
  that 's a pretty safe bet, 
  should it be ? 
  why would i be asking if i did ? 
  why should i be concerned if i do n't have any say in the matter or any way of changing it ? 
  how would that be possible if the entire universe was a simulation ? 
  what would it entail ? 
  [ why would you set a plague of sheeple upon the world ? 
  how do you know there 's an xkcd for everything ? 
  but to accurately claim that there is an xkcd for everything , would n't you need to claim to know everything ? 
  one of the few times i wish i actually lived in auckland, 
  if that were true then would n't you have posted a relevant xkcd about the likelyhood of a relevant xkcd ? 
  would n't you have changed the topic by now if that were true ? 
  depends , are you a roadrunner or the flash ? 
  is that not obvious ? 
  well then you 'd obviously be one to run away from problems would n't you ? 
  why would that mean he does n't also run away from them ? 
  have you seen qi ? 
  having too much study to do, 
  i can send an assignment your way if you want , i 've got two due in the next week, 
  does auckland uni really use . ac.kiwi ? 
  i was gon na say , i 'd expect that from aut but not auckland uni, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  eh , i 'll reserve judgement until i see it . 
  could never replace fry , but hopefully she 's pretty good too, 
  okay , i 'll try and help you out without being condescending - i 'm currently a student of political science so i 'm part of the same demographic but i 'm more politically aware . 
  what is it you 're wanting to know ? 
  wtf you do n't have civ 5 ? 
  i 'm looking forward to the wedding invite in the mail !, 
  username mentions do n't work in edits , so / u/zeros1s wo n't have been notified of your inquiry, 
  i 've never had them work in edits before , was it changed recently ? 
  is that you ? 
  can you post the initial autosave ? 
  huh , so apparently they do work . 
  they must have fixed that at some point , never used to, 
  i really wish it was per video and not per month, 
  never received anything, 
  i think it was the brody connection , they 're worried she was involved, 
  not just that , they filmed a whole episode here !, 
  he raced from the coromandel to cape reinga against oracle in a rental . 
  thought this was going to be where he checks out every radio station and they 're all playing crowded house, 
  goddamn , of all the times to have essays due, 
  pink and white terraces in expansion pls, 
  someone in charge of episode names has good music taste, 
  it 's a bit scary when you ca n't tell any more, 
  part of me wants to get rid of the scale bar and submit it on / r/earthporn to see what happens, 
  ca n't really do it while it 's on the front page, 
  i 'm guessing it 's iron sand , which would explain the dark colour, 
  now that 's commitment to a joke, 
   i went to school for writing not arting . 
   arting, 
  it shows, 
  are you sure it 's not ? 
  that seems like an odd choice, 
  you still activate it on steam , you 're just not buying it in the steam store, 
  careful , he does n't think that song is cool, 
  i gave him a hotel california flair when he came back after leaving ( since the whole * you can check out any time you like , but you can never leave * thing ) and he asked the other day if he could get something cooler as a flair, 
  pretty sure we already have one , but nobody uses it so it 's pointless, 
  iirc he has a fb page the same as his username, 
  there are a few , but it 's not so much an alert thing as a weather forecast, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  i took the links to those places to be more that in a place like that everyone 's going to be really shaken up about it and might need someone to talk to, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  yeah , the big thing there is you get the cheaper price elsewhere then get them to private match with flybuys, 
  sure , i 'll reply again with some links when i get home, 
  removed , rule 6,
