  fuck , guess i 'd better get in shape then . 
  you drive too though , right ? 
  eh , i 'll figure something out . 
  i 'm sure there 's something about cross country vs track or whatever i could exploit, 
  set the race to be at a meetup , i 'll be safe then since i never show, 
  and my driving is better than my running . 
  make it a series and it 'll be way more interesting, 
  as luck would have it , turns out that 's the night mum goes away on holiday for a month , so we 'll be having dinner at home as a family then taking her out to the airport . 
  i 'm sure i can prove it if necessary, 
  ca n't remember if it 's 9 or midnight . 
  it 's somewhere round there , will need to double check tomorrow, 
  have you seen both versions of him singing it ? 
  one from the johnny cash tribute concert and one from the 360 tour ? 
  on mobile now , just search ` u2 the wanderer 360 ' on youtube , they performed it in nashville or one of those other southern cities, 
  yeah , that 's the one, 
  as someone who worked on the / r/newzealand css , chur, 
  yeah , but it 's not the salespeople 's fault . 
  as far as they knew when they took the orders , everything would 've been normal and stock would 've been coming soon . 
  it 'll be a bit of both head office and fitbit , but i 'd be more inclined to hold fitbit accountable for not fulfilling orders which had already been placed , especially when payment was already given . 
  that probably makes more sense now that i think about it, 
  that makes a lot more sense , everything else i read about burrowing bees said that the types that do are solitary and would n't make a colony like that, 
  did he swat at them ? 
  maybe he hit 'em and the stingers broke off ? 
  i feel like that 's my name in korean, 
  it also means the corruption tends to be more limited to the upper levels of society , for lack of a better term . 
  countries that rank poorly have corruption as part of the normal operations of bureaucracy ( eg . 
  bribe a civil servant to get an application approved or bribe a cop ) and so it 's more visible . 
  cases like here or the states have it more limited to government or similar areas , so it 's less immediately obvious, 
  bit scary having it while surrounded by stock piled above my head , definitely got out of there once it did n't stop quickly, 
  there 's a meetup coming , he needs to get out of the country . 
  why do you think air new zealand is flying to houston now ? 
  i did n't realise you actually wanted the proof . 
  will sort it out when i get home from work . 
  john key wanting a fern on the flag certainly helped a fair bit too, 
  kiwi here - as far as the main reasons go , there 's probably three main ones for not changing :, 
  there 's nothing wrong with the current flag . 
  our ancestors fought under it , yadda yadda yadda, 
  they want to change the flag , but they do n't want to change it to the horrible one we 're stuck with . 
  the motivation behind this is that if we keep the current one we 're more likely to have another go further down the track than if we have this new one . 
  not wanting to give john key the satisfaction of getting a new flag / thinking it 's a waste of money . 
  sod off, 
  eh , there 's a bit . 
  national redrew the electorates in auckland to favour themselves , just as labour did beforehand . 
  christchurch will be interesting in the next couple elections , given the labour heartland of the east is quickly depopulating, 
  now tagged as `` pvtfish '', 
  i must have gotten your share of the shouting . 
  had the ceo visit yesterday , and needless to say the boss was a bit stressed . 
  shouting at everyone about everything . 
  sent into one of the storerooms with 10 minutes to tidy up a place that looked like a bomb had gone off , while he had other people dump more stock in there , as well as being made stay until 10 the night before to help set up, 
  that 's the sad thing about it all - it makes people take actual trans * people less seriously , and ends up jeopardising the cause they 're claiming to be champions of, 
  is it acidic or alkali ? 
  not a mystery anymore :, 
   the department of conservation have quelled the fears of alien invasion . 
  their blog pai and piri explains the light is part of an installation to mark the tamaki herenga waka festival over anniversary weekend . 
   it was intended to echo the form of traditional hitching posts or mooring for waka , the blog said . 
  it would be switched on between 10pm to 1am each night for the next three nights . 
  oh whoops , loaded the daily ages ago and forgot to check for new comments before replying, 
  dammit you stole my setup, 
  still a full day ahead tomorrow , it 's sunday-monday off . 
  one of the many joys of retail, 
  oi / u/404colournotfound - have you got [ this book ] ( http://www.bookdepository.com/an-atlas-of-countries-that-don-t-exist/9781447295273 ) at work for cheaper than that ? 
  damn , but you do have it in stock ? 
  would there be any chance of a small discount ? 
  camera people , do you think it 'd be worth the $ 1000 to upgrade from a d7000 to a d7200 ? 
  yeah , $ 700 return to the states is mental, 
  but then you 'd be overlapping with the early seasons of arrow , which would just make it more confusing, 
  given the past two years i 'd say i 'm doing fairly well so far compared, 
  you 're seriously telling us that you willingly got into a * tickle fight * while watching * a movie * *** alone *** ( ? ), 
  with a guy you 're worried is * into you ? 
  * might be sending out a few mixed signals there . 
  ah , the post banter ' i fucked up ' moment . 
  we 've all been there, 
  they 're pretty much all wireless nowadays . 
  the [ microsoft 1850 ] ( http://products.noelleeming.co.nz/search?w=1850&amp;view=list ) is fairly cheap and we sell a ton of them with barely any returns , which normally means it works . 
  i 've found my logitech m705 to work fairly well , it sometimes gets a bit skewiff if there 's a bit of fluff or dust caught in the sensor but that 's easy enough to get out , plus i 've only had to change the battery about once a year . 
  i suppose it 's the only thing most people know about mongolia , so it needs to have something to do with him . 
  oh shit , his drunken ramblings finally make sense . 
  and that he was sleeping in the office while he looked for a new place to live, 
  [ this ] ( http://transportblog.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/quay-lower-hobson-intersection.jpg ) is what they typically look like where i live . 
  even the ones on the poles out hanging over the road are n't that common , and i think i 've only ever seen hanging ones once . 
  sheffield pies ( and i think it 's culverden ? ), 
  both always have huge crowds for them and seem to be must-stops when going west and north from chch respectively, 
  probably italy or somewhere , flights are most expensive and accommodation is expensive in some parts , so getting it for free would be awesome . 
  plus the riviera looks amazing, 
  have you reported him to the admins ? 
  all well and good until `` waterskiing at akaroa '' is a euphemism, 
  bloody hell , might be time to flee the account ? 
  how is this bashing cops ? 
  there was a police pursuit , and after said pursuit the teens fleeing crashed their car and died . 
  it is also after a similar thing happened a couple days earlier , which is why it 's happened again . 
  why does someone suggesting a topic make you not want to cover said topic in a video ? 
  that line still gives me chills every time i think about it . 
  it 's a quote from [ lawrence oates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lawrence_oates ) , a member of robert falcon scott 's antarctic expedition . 
  he was slowing the expedition he was on down as he was sick with gangrene and suffering from frostbite , so one night he said this line and walked out of his tent , sacrificing himself in the hope the remaining members of the expedition would survive . 
  just replied with context to / u/m3nt0r , it 's from a member of an early antarctic expedition who was slowing the whole thing down because he was frostbitten and sick . 
  he said this before leaving the tent without gear and walking off into the antarctic with the hope that the expedition would stand a better chance of survival without him, 
  how long 's your trip going to be total ? 
  i 'm considering heading over later in the year , trying to work out if two months would be long enough, 
  i want to go to pretty much all of it , but i 'm realistic about it and the budget . 
  just did a quick run of the budget and using your numbers with a bit of leeway in it , it works out to roughly needing to work 45 hours a week with no spending at all to get enough .
