  i waited until a couple weeks into march , so it could be because i ordered them late ? 
   the brief was to reinvigorate a car show and get an audience of three million, 
  looks like someone accidentally added a couple zeroes at the end at some point, 
  we had it here in nz as far north as hamilton , which is at a similar latitude to sicily or the coast of algeria , so it was pretty strong , yeah . 
  today is wednesday the first of april . 
  on this day in 1917 american forces stormed the islands of samoa , believing them to still be in german control , despite new zealand occupying them in august 1914 . 
  today also saw the introduction of `` straight up fares '' on select air new zealand flights in 2012 , which allowed passengers to stand [ in the aisles ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hypmbkp.jpg ) of fully booked flights . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by shit time management . 
  new zealand forces bravely fought them off and forced them to retreat to the other islands , which is why there 's now samoa and american samoa, 
  yeah , i forgot to include a date but that 's the one i 'm talking about, 
  we have our exit and our entrances, 
  what if this is an april fools and you actually love it ? 
  ^ ^ ^ psst , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ know, 
  goddammit , i got excited there for a second :(, 
  2016 is 25 years since the release of the original civilization , so i can see that being a big year for civ , whether it 's an expansion for civ vi / be or whatever, 
  to be fair , a shoulder injury is probably a good reason if you need to play guitar, 
  what ones have you found ? 
  okay , i 've found the bottom four ( purple , red , yellow , rainbow ) - if anyone wants to swap some let me know, 
  edit : just have the damn bonsai to go , ca n't figure it out, 
  it changed when they removed the messaging function , i just assumed it 's because they would n't have had people update otherwise, 
  oh wow , i never would have clicked with that even though it 's obvious now i think about it . 
  thank you so much !, 
  i typically use it as headlines in a big post , makes it easier to read and all that, 
  essay writing is bizarre . 
  having spent a whole day working on it and only accomplishing writing 400 words , i then write 1400 in the space of four hours or so . 
  almost done with the one due today , then another 2000 to write by tomorrow, 
  apologies if it 's been posted before , and for the shit title , just did n't want to give any of his comments away . 
  some great stuff in there , even if there 's no new news, 
  what are these magical inventions ? 
  over here the biggest phone plan data only has like 3gb, 
  lolno , we just have three and a half local companies ( vodafone , telecom , 2degrees and skinny , which is like telecom but prepay and cheap ), 
  yeah . 
  at least we 've finally started to get unlimited broadband now, 
  where does it say that in this article ? 
  how much of top gear 's profit is within the uk , though ? 
  is he the new / u/warlizard ? 
  sorry for my unexplained absence over the weekend - went down with the family to cromwell over easter and was expecting to be able to use mobile internet . 
  turns out the house is built like a goddamn faraday cage and the coverage inside is terrible . 
  finally managed to find a spot today where i can get enough bars to load a webpage in less than an hour , and of course it 's on the day we leave . 
  glad to see i was being sworn at for my absence too , chur / u/appexxd, 
  edit : oh , and thanks to / u/404colournotfound for filling in - i owe you a drink at the next chch meet, 
  so is tomorrow my day or yours now ? 
  even though you said not stuff tied to numbers , i really think there should be something between 69 and 88 - maybe a disco ball for 75 ? 
  sweet , i get my birthday off now, 
  i think that would do a lot of things . 
  might not be able to use reddit for a while after it though, 
  iris is the new captain lance, 
  i disagree , the blacklist does it really well . 
  the scene in 1x11 with * the man comes around * was amazing and worked perfectly, 
  hello again everyone !, 
  it 's been a while , but i 'm back to my job now . 
  today is wednesday the 8th of april . 
  on this day in 217 * another * roman emperor was assassinated by a member of his praetorian guard , and in 1820 the venus de milo was discovered off the coast of the island of milos , in the aegean sea . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by holidays !, 
  sounds like something a bot would say !, 
  anything is a double entendre if you want it to be, 
  fuck yeah , just won a free trumpet from the lid of another free trumpet that i won . 
  same here , would n't have found this place if it was n't for him, 
  so wait , you 're telling me the mongols * did n't * fight in the seven years war ? 
  my life is a lie, 
  have you ever tried some of the kitkat flavours they have in japan ? 
  i remember bringing back a whole box of green tea kitkat , and a couple cherry blossom flavour, 
  i 'm starting to feel like the next chch meetup should be helping you move out or something, 
  seriously , i really think at this point you * need * to just up and leave . 
  call the cops , or head into the local station , explain your situation and see if it 's possible to have an officer present or something . 
  then either leave while they 're out , or just say you 're leaving and have the cop there to make sure they do n't try anything . 
  make sure your family does n't know your new address ( i 'd also recommend evasive maneuvers when moving if you suspect they 're tailing you . ), 
  if you 're worried they 're going to come into your work you could always explain to your co-workers and see if they could do something when your family comes in ( maybe ` she does n't work here anymore ' or something ? 
  but yeah , i know they 're your family and all but if it 's impacting your personal safety and sanity then you need to get out of there , stat . 
  what are your current plans for the next couple years ? 
  work ? 
  if you 're planning to study while keeping your job , money would n't be an issue as a student loan would be able to help supplement your wages and cover living costs , as well as giving you the option of a hall if you needed a place to stay ( although they 're fucking expensive . ), 
  if your dad does n't need looking after , then you should n't have to look after him . 
  he 's a grown man , he should be able to handle looking after himself, 
  iirc she 's already got a place lined up , it 's just the moving out that 's the difficult bit, 
  18 - currently half way through getting a degree , considering going into honours or doing a double degree or something . 
  still at home , but been working part time for over a year and looking at buying a car / moving out soon . 
  just need to sort out priorities or whatever, 
  sorry for being late , woke up with a killer headache and have n't been able to get rid of it . 
  anyway , on this day in transportation disasters , in 1968 the * wahine * passenger ferry crashed and sunk when entering wellington harbour , killing 53 . 
  in 1973 , a british vickers vanguard airplane crashes in switzerland during a snowstorm , killing 104 . 
  finally , in 2010 a polish tu-154m crashes in russia , killing 96 people including the polish president and many senior officials and members of government . 
  today 's facts were brought to you by the motorcar . 
  please do n't generalise us , most of us are n't as arrogant as that guy . 
  there 's plenty of amazing stuff you can see from just outside the car too , i dunno what that guy is on about . 
  sandflies are the spawn of the devil . 
  eh , it depends what you class as jungle . 
  while it 's true we do n't have tropical rainforests like the amazon , congo or indonesia , we do have temperate rainforests , which are fairly similar but much colder and with less bugs . 
  oh god , what if it 's a countdown timer before this missile launches ? 
  we must keep the timer going at all costs , it 's the only way to save mankind !, 
  maybe if you wanted a sfw option instead have him just narrating random everyday stuff ? 
  i 'd love to see a narration of * do n't let the balloon touch the ground *, 
  to be fair , it 's possible that gotham is n't in a separate universe , but just earlier in the timeline . 
       csi : fitzsimmons : miami tahiti, 
      fixed, 
     it 's a magical place . 
    it sucked . 
   i keep saying that . 
  are we doing tumblr quoting now ? 
  my excuse is a horrible migraine which has only just started to clear up in the past hour or so .
