  we need to try and finish up the design itself , then hunt down any bugs which we 've missed , fix them , then make sure we have n't messed anything up , finish implementing anything else we still need to do , and so on . 
  if you want , you could help speed things up by hunting around for anything that still needs work or needs to be fixed , so we know where to start, 
  fucking inconsiderate buildings need to look where the fuck they 're going . 
  oh fuck , i was typing out a full reply then got sidetracked and shut my pc down without saving . 
  will reply fully tomorrow , but the upshot of it was that your reaction was fair enough - by my comment i meant that i was completely opposed to just grabbing an image and using it as a background straight away , even if it was a mamba level one . 
  i 'd be open to changing it if you had something else in mind , although we 'd need to make sure it fit in with the rest of the css . 
  i 'll page / u / - halcyon here , so she can weigh in , and i 'll type out a proper response when i have more time after work . 
  you do raise some good points ( thanks for the horizontal line thing too , did n't pick up on that yet and that 's the sort of thing we need to hunt down ), 
  i 'm not sure about halcyon , but i 've been using a desktop for the whole thing . 
  i agree the text could be shrunk a bit in places , but i do n't think on the whole it 's too big . 
  i think we 'll keep the two submit buttons too , just because it 's easier and it 's par for the course on reddit , plus it does n't really take up that much space . 
  that said , we have talked about changing the submit page itself to something closer to what / r/google or / r/accidentalrenaissance have . 
  personally i do n't mind the white space around nz , negative space can be just as important as space with stuff in it and i think it helps to put emphasis on nz instead of cluttering the space up . 
  could potentially put the subreddit buttons ( subscribe / shortcut / dashboard ) there though , although i do n't think they 're that out of place where they are now . 
  i do like the idea of the css top bar , and was going to implement one earlier when we first started out . 
  my hesitance was mainly due to the subreddit not normally having enough stuff to warrant it . 
  we 've got a message there for people who are n't subscribed , but i 'd definitely consider throwing in some buttons there . 
  might need to make sure / u/dead _ rooster is okay with it though , since he did n't want the header to be too big because it took space away from the subreddit , which is the same issue we 'd have with the buttons / top bar . 
  you 're meaning just for international students , right ? 
  nah , i just wanted to make sure they did n't mean domestic students too, 
  right down to the colosseum on the beach ( kind of ), 
  i used to use hola until all the shit about it came out, 
  currently on 2570 hours of civ 5 and a further 1494 hours on the sdk for it, 
  you ca n't activate it to a different account though , can you ? 
  i tried with my one to let my brother play it when i 'd moved on and it would n't let him use his own email address with it . 
  i never realised paul blackthrone actually had a british accent , he really covers it well in the show . 
  that and barrowman was having a ball with the whole thing, 
  i think this was done to show off the concept in the videos . 
  i remember in one of them he said that he 'd set something up so that there 's always a beacon nearby when he lands for the purpose of the demo , which would imply that there 's not always one there . 
  i 'd assume that on a similar level there would n't always be a space station / traders , especially if you 're discovering a planet for the first time . 
  i wrote like a page long story when i was 4 then sent it to my uncle who worked at a publisher in the uk and asked him to publish it . 
  he politely declined , saying they only did boring business stuff . 
  not sure how useful that is , but eh, 
  i like emperor edition personally , was sad when it changed with wrath of sparta, 
  i think it was a play on words ( is that the right term ? ), 
  - original comment is probably talking about the people , whereas / u/leftabitcharlie changed it to be talking about the helicopter, 
  good luck getting that latvian franchise expansion now, 
  wait , this was last night ? 
  what time ? 
  goddammit , missed it again . 
  nice and accessible time too , normally it 's like 1am or something, 
  they were to the end of the multipolarity though ( i assume you 're talking about the world wars ? ), 
  although the previous couple centuries were n't much better , europe was in a near constant state of war . 
  i do n't think we 'd see as much open war between powers , but we 'd definitely see cold war style proxy conflicts between different spheres of influence , which arguably we 're seeing already, 
  how else are we supposed to stop the isis commie-nazis ? 
  / u/dead _ rooster , any chance of sticking this again since you can now sticky two posts ? 
  as cool as this is , saying that nz shares the planet with the people that did it probably is n't justification enough for it to be posted here, 
  i guess we found out what their name is, 
   any idea on when you think south american dates would be announced ? 
  hopefully around the time they announce some nz shows . 
  this is the first tour i 'm actually old enough to be able to attend . 
  maybe they 'll do a lovetown sort of thing , and only do the experience leg in oceania / asia / south america ? 
  a lot of the replies here are favourite songs of hardcore u2 fans , but are n't necessarily the best songs to get into u2 . 
  start by listening to * the joshua tree * and * achtung baby * , then look at surrounding albums depending on which one you like . 
  personally i love zooropa , the follow-up to achtung baby , but it can be a bit daunting at first listen . 
  you could also give * all that you ca n't leave behind * , which is more akin to modern u2 's sound ( it 's the album beautiful day is from . ), 
  give those a listen and let me know how you get on , and then i 'll give you more suggestions based on what you think of those, 
  can i just ask if you 're that guy who had the 420 yolo whatever username before that we gave you a hard time about ? 
  your username seems passive aggressive ish ( or at least a fitting response to a previous username argument ) , you 're a relatively new user ( which would fit the timeline , ) your only posts are about legalisation ( of both weed and mdma ) and you 've got the same flair ( although granted the last one could be a coincidence ), 
  not that i 'm going to use it in the context or anything , i 'm just curious, 
  [ maybe homer should run in the election ] ( https://artfulanxiety.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/pdvd_056.jpg ), 
  hey , i was n't bullying - just asking . 
  iirc my original point was that your username implied you 'd be in favour of it or something , did n't mean anything malicious by it, 
  not in summer it 's not . 
  never gets dark enough, 
  oh fuck , are you aaa ? 
  awesome , thanks, 
  is it batman or / u/appexxd ? 
  we 're a bit limited with the snoo because we only have the existing one to work with unless we design an entirely new one , but i 'll give it a shot with the others , thanks, 
  what are you doing on reddit then ? 
  i 'd also recommend staying away from new york in 2001 , the middle east after that and the indian ocean in 2004, 
  do you have any idea how to do that ? 
  all of my work on the css has just been frankensteining other code and hoping it does n't break , or changing stuff blindly until it works . 
  do n't actually know css, 
  can you post an example on what you mean ? 
  cross that bridge when we come to it . 
  still two referendums and millions of dollars to go before we get there, 
  in order :, 
  * child with puppy, 
  * 4wd on beach, 
  * dog, 
  * hut on beach, 
  * sunset, 
  * food, 
  * palm trees and sunset, 
  * water and moon, 
  * beach, 
  hey , even being a slightly unorthodox doctor still pays reasonably well, 
  / r/useitfortheui, 
  just checked on my ipad and it 's the same issue . 
  no indication as to what 's causing it , just the same off-center top bar . 
  odd, 
  do youtubers really do that ? 
  i think it 'd be kind of funny if they said `` nah , get stuffed '' and did n't upvote it, 
  might be able to sort out a semi-functional version of the greek pack if you wanted to include sparta or one of the others, 
  i dunno , the ai seems to settle there quick enough anyway . 
  given iceland 's limited space they 'd probably cross over quick enough, 
  replacing the boers is an interesting option if you want to make southern africa more competitive - would mean the whole thing was n't conquered right off the bat, 
  whose one is that ? 
  i only know hypereon 's mannerheim one,
