  removed , as there are site-wide rules about posting links which contain personal information and on self-promotion ( only 10 % of posts are allowed to be self-promoting links , as a general rule of thumb ), 
  as with the other post , removed due to reddit-wide rules on self-promotion and posting personal information, 
  what did we make the news for ? 
  i 've had classes with a guy at uni who will go off on barely related tangents to show off how smart he is , it pisses me off to no end . 
  feel free to message the other mods if you disagree , but the article itself does n't link to nz at all beyond tangentially to the crisis as is, 
  last election or last last election ? 
  since there was that big fiasco last time, 
  removed , rule 6, 
  oh lighten up, 
  i 'd love to be able to share some stuff that is reasonably popular here in nz , but for the most part unheard of outside of new zealand . 
  but most of it is outside of the rules , even though it fits with the spirit of the sub, 
  okay , this is pretty cool . 
  love the horns, 
  personally i 'm having a crisis on what to do next year , which is taking most of my free time, 
  and yet nothing is ever done ... 
  removed , rule 6, 
  they 've axed him this year to make way for bujah and bros ^ tm , but i 'm pretty sure mikey havoc pronounced it right half the time, 
  edit : should 've read the article first , alex says just as much, 
  you mean the same songs they 've played five times a day for the past two years ? 
  or the two varieties of `` acc members make a radio show '' that they 've expanded to take up most of their airtime ? 
  you could say i play [ a bit of civ 5 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cxynpax.png?1 ) , but normally it 's either testing / playing with mods or single player , so i 'm not that great multiplayer wise . 
  the xcom one and then a couple of the tedious ones - sink 357 ships as elizabeth , and chop 1000 forests, 
  i 've only got one class today , and it 's smack bang in the middle of the day, 
  depends , what are they ? 
  yeah , it was one of the first achievements i got when i first got the game . 
  used to be that it used an ingame mod browser instead of steam workshop , which is how it could check that you 'd rated a mod, 
  oh dear god no, 
  yeah , that 's me . 
  it 's one of the reasons i got into modding , to make that mod, 
  you just reminded me that i should probably start getting sorted if i want to move out at the end of the year . 
  first step is to find flatmates, 
  what about them seems op to you ? 
  ah , right . 
  the 25 % is n't a production boost iirc , it 's more that you get 1 free unit for every four of that type you kill . 
  so if you kill four legions you 'd get a free legion in the capital, 
  nah , the way we set it up is that even if it 's a unique , you 'll get it if you kill four of them . 
  at least i think so , i 'll tag / u/sukritact since he did the code for it and see if he can chime in, 
  oh man , i love that part of town . 
  grew up in a house up in melrose with big views right across lyall bay and kilberine , used to sit there as a kid and just watch all the planes, 
  i 'm the same , as soon as anyone tells me they 're looking at going on holiday i go full travel agent mode and start looking into the places for them . 
  wish i could get a job where you get to travel like that for a living, 
  cga for sure , and maybe ` well what fucking good is that then . ', 
  based on my experience , you could also jump up on the counter and refuse to leave until you get a refund, 
  yeah , but you can play against rome . 
  and if you 're at war with rome as the maori , and kill four legions , then you 'll get a free legion in the capital . 
  it 's tied to unittype , not unitclasstype, 
  i 'd be down for that, 
  close enough that you can go home between lectures or not ? 
  though in some cases would n't it be cheaper to buy a nice but uninsulated house and fix it up than an equal house with insulation ? 
  that could easily just be the settings , if he turned down the quality to improve frame rate, 
  seen luther ? 
  sounds like you had a fun night . 
  how are you holding up ? 
  toll was my first thought too , though i 'm a bit surprised it has latin roots since germanic is normally fairly different from the romance languages, 
  definitely watch it , there 's only like 14 episodes in the entire show so it 's not like it 's a big thing . 
  strongly recommend binge watching season 3 though . 
  not yet , working my way through psych again at the moment, 
  that 's good to hear . 
  if you ever need anyone to talk to , i 'm pretty much always online, 
  [ citation required ], 
  restaurant is a bit different , given it 's actually a word in english instead of a direct word from french . 
  it 'd be more like saying marseilles as * mars-isles * , which is completely wrong, 
  eh , it 's more about the fanciness ( for lack of a better word ) of the words . 
  stuff which has germanic roots is typically simpler , more ` lower-class ' words , while latin roots were for the posher words . 
  example i got with this was for food , so for example pig and lamb are germanic while pork and mutton are latinate . 
  goes back to 1066 when the peasants spoke a derivative of german and all the aristocrats were normans that came over with william the conqueror speaking french, 
  yeah , it 's a bit of an interesting one . 
  they 're attempting to address what they see as an implicit bias in the news reporting as a result of the people who get interviewed and the frequent news stories of people pulling themselves up by the bootstraps and not having sky . 
  but addressing an implicit bias with an explicit one certainly is a new approach in nz , and i 'd hate to see our media end up like the uk 's sorry state, 
  labour annoys me so much . 
  they could have easily been pulling decent punches for the past four years , but instead are squabbling and running around like a headless chook trying to create a narrative which does n't make sense , or infighting . 
  britain and the us are currently in the running to see who can fuck themselves up the most . 
  at least we still have reasonably sensible politicians , regardless of whether you agree with their policies or not . 
  as for the tppa , i 've long said that i 'm all for free trade deals with like economies . 
  similar to the eu or what we 've got with australia , that 's all good . 
  my issue with the tpp is twofold , first being that it 's not just like economies - having places like vietnam included will allow for corporations to move manufacturing and jobs there at the expense of the western countries . 
  the second is all the additional stuff included , like with medicine and software patents , which should n't have a place in a ` free trade ' deal . 
  you 'd need to make sure dental is included , since some policies do n't . 
  i 've got it through my parents , and it 's already been more than worth it - instead of over 2 grand for wisdom teeth removal , i only had to pay the $ 250 excess . 
  dule hill and elizabeth moss as well , it was weird seeing gus from psych and peggy from mad men together, 
  but there 's only six p 's there ? 
  you forage around in the undergrowth on all fours in search of a root ? 
  that concept looks pretty cool as a base , would 've loved it if they 'd gone the other way than what they did in the end and given it a bit more of a retrofuturistic vibe . 
  but that 's just my space age fanboy showing, 
  can someone actually explain what 's going on ? 
  i saw the first video and the optimism , but then i lost track of everything, 
  looking at getting a new graphics card , any recommendations ? 
  looking at one of the 1000 series from nvidia, 
  from my understanding though , is n't a gbr just essentially a huge flash of light ? 
  so theoretically , even though the chance is pretty much nothing , could n't earth by sheltered from one by another object between earth and the source creating a shadow that just so happens to cover earth ? 
  currently two of [ this one ] ( https://www.noelleeming.co.nz/shop/computers/computer-accessories/computer-monitors/aoc-e2450swh-23-6-full-hd-led-monitor/prod113689.html ) , which i 'm pretty sure is just 50hz at 1080p . 
  i 'm not wanting to spend too much since i 'm wanting to upgrade ram and maybe something else at the same time without fucking over my savings , so for a similar reason probably not going to upgrade my monitors in a hurry either . 
  regardless of how big of an issue it is in reality , foreign investment in the housing market should still be something we actually investigate properly and address in changes to property law ( alongside capital gains and measures to stem the stupid rate of house price rises ), 
  currently 8gb , but i 'm normally using 80-90 % as is and with games like no man 's sky and civ 6 coming out soon that will likely have 8gb as a minimum i 'm definitely looking at doubling it at the very least . 
  currently 8gb , but i 'm normally using 80-90 % as is and with games like no man 's sky and civ 6 coming out soon that will likely have 8gb as a minimum i 'm definitely looking at doubling it at the very least . 
  i did n't comment since the thread was several hours old by the time i found it , could i comment the top songs i 've found here ? 
  currently 8gb , but i 'm normally using 80-90 % as is and with games like no man 's sky and civ 6 coming out soon that will likely have 8gb as a minimum i 'm definitely looking at doubling it at the very least . 
  yeah , i 'm frequently doing cartography and photo editing in photoshop , often at the same time as having a game running . 
  but it can handle it on 8gb now , so i dunno . 
  i 've got a 128gb ssd as my boot drive currently alongside a 2tb hdd for the bulk of my actual files , which seems to be all good currently and has a decent boot time .
