  [ there is a thread already ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=551446 ) , which i 'll monitor for any bug reports . 
  mod compatibility will likely be on the hands of third party mods , since there 's too many to have it in the mod itself, 
  please , try being wedged between shaka , monty and alexander, 
  a split of the greek civ into four different ones - alexander and the companion cavalry go to macedon , the ua goes to athens , and the hoplite to sparta ( with pergamon added in for good measure ) - it 's not that it 's so huge it takes three years to do , but rather that it 's always been pushed to the back of the queue behind other projects ( including similar mods for india and polynesia ), 
  yeah , i 've used it in testing and it worked fine ( except for one time when i forgot to add a buildingclass , that did n't end well ), 
  well that was fun . 
  first of all , fuck saturday exams . 
  though this one had the fire alarm go off half way through , which was kind of interesting . 
  had fire trucks show up and everything, 
  based on my experience at work , phone chargers . 
  the store brands work well if you 're in a pinch and need something to charge your phone with no alternative and only for a temporary amount of time , but if you actually want it to last you should get a better one, 
  ige should work fine in ongoing games , but the enlightenment most likely wo n't, 
  i would n't mind a reno show if they actually focused on the reno , since that 's actually kind of interesting compared to just another reality show, 
  it 's a splash screen that was painted especially for the mod by / u/janboruta, 
  eh , last episode jimmy carr reused a joke that 's as old as the internet itself , so i can let this one slide, 
  given that there was a dick letting off fireworks a couple minutes ago , i take it we won ? 
  we 've designed the mod in such a way that it should be as compatible as adding a new civ or building . 
  the only way it wo n't be compatible is if another mod is adjusting the tech tree, 
  awesome , thanks for the heads up for both your reports ( the summer palace post too ) - i 'll note them down and fix them as soon as i can, 
  that would involve some serious messing around with the industrial era prereqs which was a bit outside the scope of the mod, 
  sorry , what ? 
  it 's the effect on just one wonder , not +15 with every wonder ? 
  it should run if you 're able to get other mods to run , but i do n't know how to get that working properly, 
  sounds like something you 'd be better talking to / u/jessefrederickdaly over if he intends to update / do a new french civ in the future, 
  depends on how they set the tech tree up , if they just add the columns to every tech in the tree automatically ( instead of specifying by name ) then it should be fine , provided this one loads first ( i think ), 
  will do as soon as i get a chance, 
  we 're not sure , i just played the game to make sure it was all working properly , i have n't properly tested strategy yet . 
  some feedback in that regard would be appreciated though, 
  hmm , it should be showing up since it works using dummy buildings . 
  just double checking that you 've definitely got a couple great works in the city ? 
  bugger , okay . 
  i 'll take a look and see if i can figure out where it 's messing up, 
  to be fair , we have n't really got a css to swap ... yet . 
  the new css, 
  [ no chance of a pity hat ? 
  i 've been really unlucky too - only times i 've survived to the end there have been others too , or when i 'm the last one alive i can last like a minute but everyone else died so early that there 's still a minute on the clock or whatever, 
  i 'd say it 's like a lot of places , where you get the extreme occurrences painting the whole place in a certain light . 
  so while it may not be like that all the time , it 's probable that it has been during one of the drama episodes or something which gave it its image, 
  same here , second history one . 
  then one on wednesday and another next tuesday, 
  morning , just finished it, 
  123 pumpkins, 
  no hats :(, 
  would 've had more , but i was working through the middle of two of the 100 % hours, 
  your link links to the word of the day / question post , not the quiz, 
  as for your questions , # 2 is a bit complicated since ares was the god of certain types of war but athena was the god of what would now be considered war ( military strategy and so on . ), 
  # 7 also hinges on what you determine as a monumental sculpture , since there are other things that are monumental or sculptures that existed before the sphinx , but not necessarily ones that are counted as both by all definitions of the words, 
  i 'll admit , here in nz it 's real difficult to track down a wild oryx, 
  oh awesome , let me know how you get on :d, 
  i 'm in one now , the rush to get the enlightenment out really burnt me out . 
  hopefully i 'll be able to get back into it and release some cool civs before the year is out, 
   if that is your goal , you 're going to have a bad time . 
  can confirm , missed out on witch hat and got pissed off at myself over it . 
  that said , i do think that flairs are by nature something which is designed as a catch 'em all sort of thing , or at least in the same camp as achievements . 
  it does also depend on sculpture , since there 's stuff like gobekli tepe which is thousands of years older than even stonehenge and it 's got carvings on the walls which are taller than a man , so that could count as a monumental sculpture if you 're being picky about it, 
  `` what make and model '', 
  have you considered giving a bit of leniency on centra and other nearby servers for diameter players ? 
  i 'm not saying that they should be allowed to go over there and swear and whatnot , but in the mornings when there 's no-one on diameter people normally go to centra , and it 'd be a shame for them to be banned because they forgot what server they were on, 
  oh , i was meaning more when you move to the ban in the future like you mentioned in the post , though i suppose if it 's automatic it might be a bit too complicated, 
  down a spot since last year though, 
  but do n't you realise ? 
  they 're the evil socialists !, 
  america is the only true way !, 
  what came first , the terrible sleep cycle or the astrophotography ? 
  trying to figure out which one caused the other, 
  depends on how much room you have on your ssd , and whether you 're going to chuck it full of mods . 
  i currently have ~ 5.5 gb of mods and it can get a bit slow when activating all of them , so if you 've got the space it might be worth putting it on there . 
  i dunno , i do n't tend to watch youtube videos on it . 
  i have worked with [ maddjinn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/sbfmaddjinn ) in the past though , and he seems to be fairly decent . 
  he has a series called [ beyond the monument ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjvwsi4kd_q&amp;index=1&amp;list=pl7ee134995d4190c4 ) focusing on strategy too - i guest starred once , did a completely rubbish job and have n't been called back since :d, 
  since i 'm a mod there , i 'd also recommend checking out [ civfanatics ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/index.php ) , they have a fairly active [ strategy section ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/forumdisplay.php?f=391 ) for civ 5 ( plus it 's where the modding magic happens ), 
  what , you mean i ca n't buy tickets for me and my 20,000 friends ? 
  how is it determined if you 've got two people on a neutral flag ? 
  beautiful day has a similar sort of feel imo to streets - that sort of grand , soaring sound which is iconic to u2 . 
  it was one of my earliest u2 songs , i remember dad getting atyclb back when it first came out so i 've really grown up with it . 
  as for the rest of the album , i love the variety of it and think it 's a really strong album personally . 
  in a little while is a nice song with a bunch of different meanings ( a love song / a song about a hangover / a gospel song , ) ground beneath her feet is a great night time song alongside moment of surrender and your blue room , and walk on is a decent hallmark u2 political / personal song . 
  bono is amazing on kite and the pleading in peace on earth fits in nicely with please . 
  only tracks on the album i 'm not as much of a huge fan of are probably stuck in a moment and grace , though i ca n't really put my finger on it as to why . 
  seems to be that this is more than just the one album though - with nloth there was talk of the follow-up being called * songs of ascent , * and then as soon as songs of innocent came out bono mentioned a twin album called * songs of experience . 
  * i 'm of the opinion that they 're part of a final trilogy sort of thing , and a kind of reflection on their career . 
  soi has an early sound and talks of their youth , soe will hopefully be the joshua tree / achtung baby sort of super-stardom , and then soa will be their post-2000 religious sort of thing, 
  pretty decent , seems there are quite a few great covers of running to stand still . 
  i 'm a fan of [ darius rucker 's one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzc0a8fclj4 ) personally . 
  nothing like stopping in adelaide on a road trip up the east coast, 
  god , did i miss another nz meetup ? 
  oh phew , thought i 'd missed the chance to crash the photo shoot and binge drink, 
  damn mods with their * technicalities *, 
  i should probably start studying for the one i had this morning, 
  wait , she ? 
  god , i swear i do n't know anyone 's gender here, 
  as long as you do n't let them off at 7am i 'm happy, 
  pretty much the same here , i 've been working away trying to update all my mods . 
  have n't got anywhere , because by the time you update there 's usually another mod you need to add support for, 
  wait , prince charles is coming tomorrow ? 
  or is it just a fancy law student thing ? 
  pretty sure you 're in for a bad time if you publish it , not sure about guessing but i think it 's a very fine line, 
  where 's that list ? 
  i want to see how far down i am on it, 
  definitely vin , i do n't know whether there 's any other 200 + player that would be as consistently nice to pretty much everyone , even new players .
