  most of the relations between the british and the maori were fairly cordial , we were one of the few colonies to have formed by treaty instead of conquest . 
  there was of course a few controversies , such as the crown forcibly evicting maori from one of their largest settlements because it was on some of the most fertile land in the country , and there were some loose attempts early on to wipe out the maori language , but that did n't really work . 
  keep in mind though , that this map shows anyone who identifies as maori , which in some cases is like people saying they 're 1/16 native american in the states . 
  if one of their ancestors is maori , they can identify with an iwi and say they 're maori , even if the rest of them is pakeha, 
  or boy , which shows another view of the same region, 
  if gurkhas teamed up with a bunch of maori fighters , the would would be screwed . 
  but it might help him win the nomination , which he needs to get first, 
  for once , it 's not the mongols !, 
  i love how the greens only getting 35 % support is a big shift , if only politics was like that . 
  yeah , that . 
  sure , just do n't campaign about it . 
  there 's so many people at that age now that it 'll lose them the election , so you raise it after you get in, 
  a terrorist threat is possible in the same way that an invasion by america is possible . 
  it does n't break the laws of physics , they might get around to it eventually , but realistically it 's never going to happen . 
  i do n't actually have ebola guys, 
   just putting fact : before something does n't make it true . 
  fact : yes it does . 
  hate to be ` that guy ' , but the new u2 song is iris , so it ruins op 's suggestion anyway, 
  plums * are * pretty damn good , i can see why a plum tree would be holy, 
  yeah , but first you have to drive through 90 minutes of nothing to get there . 
  wish someone would buy a chunk of land on the plains next to the road and restore it with native forest . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love nz and its scenery . 
  i just hate the canterbury plains, 
  do they really think people are so lazy as to not remove the np . 
  in the url if they want to upvote / downvote ? 
  i do n't see shearer taking power in a coup again , given how badly it went for them in the election . 
  cunliffe , on the other hand ... 
  got ta fund that war somehow , right john ? 
  til we exported $ 37 million worth of cigars, 
  i 'm not sure how many stories one day on a job can provide material for ... 
  i 'm not sure if you think i 'm op or something , i 'm not - just giving an opinion , truth is i have no idea if op has any more stories to tell, 
  maybe it 's the cubans smuggling cigars through an nz company ? 
  damn , that 's awesome . 
  couple minor spelling things ( took instead of toke ? ), 
  but honestly , that does n't matter , especially since you said english is n't your first language . 
   one . 
  one is the number , one is the only number that exist . 
  that one is me . 
  dinner for one , bed for one , one room on one planet for one man . 
  that 's me , the one true ruler of this earth . 
  that part was fantastic , great job !, 
  can someone eli5 why we have n't just locked down the affected countries and prevented anyone from leaving , save through a one month quarantine station ? 
  making money off an apocalypse ... they sound like the history channel, 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  it depends on the settings , i think . 
  on my pc i had to actively download it , but on my ipad it played automatically from the cloud, 
  a lot of those are from a couple years back - is this still the accepted view , or have there been any new discoveries since then ? 
  he got his laptop taken away , then got banned from using the school computers . 
  i wonder if using gloves would count , since technically he 's not touching it ? 
  oh , you know that genocide thing ? 
  yeah , do n't worry about it , the last guys did it too , so it 's no biggie , right ? 
  i want one of his immediate reaction when laurel was talking about getting revenge . 
  there was a small `` oh hell no '' there, 
  especially since the alternative farming method involving cows has something to do with a short lifespan ... 
  yes , because our breakfast tv is so poor here it ca n't even afford a studio, 
  *** you 'll never guess what happened today at the united nations ***, 
  * what this diplomat did in response will shock you . 
  wow . 
  oh , i thought it had happened again . 
  turns out it 's just another article about the raid on nicky hager, 
  the crime which they raided the house for or the crime which the police committed ? 
  i think you could get a bunch of five year olds together and they 'd do a better job than the league of nations, 
  i do n't know , i was just asking for clarification of the question for when someone with more knowledge about the situation shows up . 
  i was a fan of the hokey pokey one, 
  we should threaten to secede unless we get a shipment of the chocolate milk, 
  * learn this one weird trick to get elected to the security council !, 
   `` welcome to the real world . '', 
  he tells me . 
  `` you can die here , but it 's the only place you can really live . '', 
  damn that 's good, 
  glad to see a playthrough , let me know if you find any bugs, 
  just an fyi , the huri-moai decision is bugged , so do n't bother with it . 
  you 'll lose a lot of gold and get nothing in return . 
  should hopefully be a bugfix within a couple weeks , but we 're still trying to find as many bugs as possible first, 
  i 'm pretty sure t-pain 's on tonight at uc , is n't he ? 
  ah , i had the ucsa post come up on my fb about it saying tonight , did n't notice it was posted yesterday, 
  i thought the one with the cross was the confederate flag ? 
  i have 34 hours on coh 2 , and 2400 on civ 5 , so i may be a tad bias , but i like civ 5 . 
  it may be a bit slow , but it 's possible if you want to to set up a quick paced game ( smallest map , quick speed etc ) and i 've had some great games of mp on it . 
  that said , i 've had some great mp games on coh 2 as well, 
  sure , but you just need to pay a small $ 2000 fee to unlock them . 
  really sorry about it , it 's just the nigerian bureaucracy . 
  or no-one, 
  iirc you could get free copies for voting in gmg 's golden joystick awards or whatever they were , and sometimes as a bundle deal, 
   w ' r, 
  is this some sort of weird upside down northern hemisphere speak ? 
  kiwi here . 
  you have n't experienced christmas until you 've spent it sitting under a pohutukawa on a beach , jandals on your feet and a cold beer in your hand from the chilly bin at your side . 
  then you go back to your bach and have a bbq with some black seeds or breaks co-op in the background as you wait until 10pm for the sun to go down, 
  there were n't when i looked at it on my mobile , but got home and they 're showing up now . 
  odd . 
  why would whoever made this map use yellow for so many factions ? 
  fun fact , accounting for inflation mansa musa was the [ richest person in history ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/world-history/meet-mansa-musa-i-of-mali--the-richest-human-being-in-all-history-8213453.html ), 
  is n't pretty much all of mainstream aussie media owned by murdoch anyway ? 
  wellington is n't , but that 's got a giant harbour which makes up for it, 
  how did it go ? 
  did you die ? 
  they were the only two bands like that i could think of :(, 
  they 're just ramping up for the domination victory, 
  only works if they 're not getting any from cs allies,
