  doing this was even better back when the ai would n't annex cities ... you 'd conquer them and then put them out of the game completely in every way except that which counted for the diplo penalty, 
  and the polynesian uu , which is maori . 
  but then what about chile , given it owns easter island , which is represented ? 
  modders are [ one step ahead ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=229795385 ), 
  nz here , we had an election last year and for the first time did n't require a reason to advance vote . 
  we essentially had a 3 week voting period , with voting booths in the libraries of all universities during the term, 
  oh shit , i did n't pick up on that until you said something . 
  i always thought of the fish, 
  wow , now it 's sounding even worse for me, 
  i think so , and if you have n't had a chance to vote by a certain point your employee needs to give you the rest of the day off to go and vote . 
  down our road they 're stopping it at the intersection before my place and continuing it from the one after it . 
  my whole street is being done , other than the block i live on :(, 
  aww , poor cam ... 
  iirc it 's any time someone quits after the game has been in session for at least 30 seconds , even if you 've just joined . 
   ace can either 1 or `` 14 '' in a lot of games, 
  what game is ace 14 in ? 
  i 've only ever seen it as either 1 or 11, 
  it 's not just movies either - i was looking for a book that came out in the middle of last year in the uk , but no bookstores here had it . 
  turns out it 's not released here until june this year . 
  needless to say i 've bought it from book depository and now have it four months before the nz release, 
  oh , right . 
  i guess that makes sense , i 'd heard of it being highest card ( second highest sometimes , after 2 ) but i 'd never associated that with it having a value of 14 for some reason . 
  borderline ? 
  i would have thought \\ #teamkey would have pushed it way past borderline, 
  interesting how it has such a huge dropoff going into the 21st century . 
  i wonder if that 's due to confusion between the two centuries ? 
  ( hopefully this does n't count as breaking the 20 year rule , if so sorry in advance ! ), 
  at least they 're still kind of worth something . 
  i went to japan a couple years ago , and their 1 yen coin is pointless - nothing takes them , and prices are normally in denominations of 100 yen , so if you end up getting them they just build up in your wallet until you 're lugging around a huge pile of these little things that feel like toy coins that you ca n't get rid of . 
  i 'm sure i have a pile of them lying around somewhere still, 
  that 's why book depository is great , they have free shipping worldwide on everything, 
  came back from a weekend away up in nelson yesterday . 
  the trip from the hanmer turnoff back into chch took about an hour and a half longer because of some prick that decided to drive along at 60-80kph the whole way . 
  could n't even overtake because it was always either a corner or there was someone coming the other way, 
  we had plenty of those too , including one guy towing his boat . 
  plenty of places to pull off to the side and let everyone past too , but they just kept on rolling . 
  \\ , not /, 
  i reckon they should get luigi for making it to the finals, 
  i 'm not quite sure how to respond to that . 
  given it 's a question , i 'm going to say `` yes . '', 
  technically you 're not touching it if you drink it out of something . 
  unless it counts if it touches your insides , in which case you 're screwed, 
  could always funnel it down your throat , bogan-style, 
  that 's why i said `` unless it counts if it touches your insides '' ... 
  i like to listen to vietnam war music when going to war as america, 
  amsterdam is a capital though , you could n't raze it, 
  yeah , sometimes i get a bug ( not limited to venice ) where cities are automatically annexed and i take no extra unhappiness . 
  fixes itself on reloading the game , but it 's great while it lasts . 
  i have n't seen a photo of lake matheson that is n't amazing . 
  always head out there in the morning to take photos whenever i 'm staying in fox , somewhere i 've got a photo with a bunch of fog banks sitting around the base of the mountains, 
  i was thinking more a beer bong sort of thing , but you know , whatever works , i guess, 
  oh well , more for me, 
  i went up to the old gun emplacements on the miramar peninsula a couple years back on a geography field trip , some of the graffiti there was amazing . 
  i mean , yeah it 's a shame that the place was covered in it , but damn some of the artists were talented, 
  same here - i moved down south almost 10 years ago , and well up a little every time i see a picture of wellington . 
  i wish i moved back for uni ... 
  thanks for that spoiler . 
  * two days in and still going strong . 
  can / u/appexxd maintain their momentum ? 
  will / u / _ i_am_batman _ be able to reclaim the title ? 
  only time will tell . 
  tune in this time tomorrow for more of the action , only on / r/newzealand . 
  even if you do , at least close the curtains first, 
  legally , i believe it 's exclusive to lightbox in nz, 
  probably more something like tonga or rapa nui , both of which start on one tile islands, 
  only when ynaemp is active . 
  i assume that 's being used given it 's a 42 civ game , but i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  it 's not so much the map as the ynaemp mod itself . 
  with xml the file will break if it has a missing table , so anything in there only works when the table is added with ynaemp . 
  there 's another way using sql , but i do n't know enough about it to explain it . 
  why only those , given how many sa modded civs there are ? 
  that does n't seem like very good reasoning though - if it 's evident what civs are going to get in , why bother with voting at all ? 
  i get not wanting to flood the poll with hundreds of options , but even if you only took civs from the ` major ' modding projects / one of each civ it 'd be a better move since that means the community is actually deciding what civs they want to see , not what they want to see out of the ones you decided to feature . 
  at least they 're coming out here . 
  u2 have n't announced any concerts outside the us or europe :(, 
  i work in westfields there , we 've had our fair share of nutters come in every now and then . 
  one lady comes in , walks up to one of us and just says `` if you died today , would you go to hell ? '', 
   caral , haiti and mapuche ought to be in for people to vote . 
  do n't forget the aymara and tiwanaku by leugi too , and the several other south american civs from other authors :, 
  * chachapoya ( guaman ) by gedemo, 
  * chimor ( nancempinco ) by hiram or ( taycanamo ) by hannorwood, 
  * olmec ( po ngbe ) by lastsword or ( tu ) by ryanjames, 
  * zapotecs ( zaachila i ) by agressivewimp, 
  ( thanks to jfd 's new civ index ), 
  i also included central american civs , since they were n't covered by north america 's poll, 
  would n't that make natasha about 60 years old in the avengers ? 
  [ sdk hours count too , right ? 
  workmate of mine is taking her girlfriend to fiji for 10 days as her valentine 's day present , so there 's that . 
  i think it 's a birthday present too , and she 'd been saving up / got a good deal or something . 
  no-one gets loaded working in retail ( with money , that is ), 
  i used to use it as an excuse to play the game when i was supposed to be studying . 
  * are you doing homework ? 
  * yes , i 'm researching *, 
  * on this day in 1990 , anti-apartheid activist and future south african president nelson mandela was released from prison after 27 years !, 
  how 's that ? 
  if james bond ever goes to brazil , this will be on the soundtrack, 
  `` the only rules that really matter are these : what a man can do , and what a man ca n't do . 
  me for example , i could let you drown . 
  but i ca n't bring this ship into tortuga all by me onesies , savvy ? 
  so , can you sail under the command of a pirate , or can you not ? '',
