  yeah , though this one was n't in the pass itself but rather a nice straight bit of road on the tarras side . 
  really odd place for a crash, 
   i bet ronnie 's been dealing with killer frost for awhile now, 
  still a decent place ~ 4 years ago , learnt to drive out there and in one of the business parks under construction and it worked well, 
  most of the roads are fairly quiet if you go out reasonably early , when i had my learners i went out normally around half six or so with dad every weekend to drive and the roads were fine, 
  after episode ix, 
   canterbury 's awesome student culture, 
  uc student here , any advice on how to get more into this ? 
  i 'm barely involved with anything as it is, 
  yeah , i 'll get around to it eventually . 
  meantime just click the flair on the post and you 'll get a list of all posts with the same flair , which 'll be a good place to start . 
  oh well ah , let me be clear . 
  what ones were you giving out gold for ? 
  there will be help getting something on properly , at least . 
  mods are normally more than slightly drunk, 
  image or text ? 
  shit , i thought you were joking about the fielding lawyer thing . 
  go to sleep and wake up . 
  if you time it right ( 9:30 / 11pm ? ), 
  you should be fine, 
  bit sad for the staff at dick smiths , even though they 're the competition . 
  heard about a staff member at the palms today who got punched by a customer for not being able to accept a gift card, 
   need moar boxes ; - ;, 
  come in and see us , we have a pile of boxes at work every day from stock , or alternatively go grab some from the skips out the back of the westfields car park . 
   i 'm not sure what i 'll do when mum keeps pressuring me to let her come over to my new home and/or visit at least once a week . 
  once you leave , tell her to get fucked . 
  you do n't want her to know where you live . 
  not even the street . 
  trust me on this . 
   which will probably lead them to cut me off . 
  well shit . 
  from the sound of it , and i mean no disrespect , there are worse things that could happen . 
  at least on diameter it 'd be vinsanity , he 's awesome and an all-around gc, 
  done, 
   it 's illegal to give credit instead of cash or replacement :, 
  have you got a source for this ? 
  it 's policy where i work after a couple weeks or so , be interesting to know if it actually is illegal, 
  i 'd assume you do n't get ~ 50 boxes a day , though i suppose you would n't really need that many either . 
  even so , still better that she 's completely disconnected from your new place . 
  do n't even bother trying to be diplomatic about it , just tell her to sod off and get over it, 
  that 's a bit of a disappointing performance , personally . 
  i mean , given the context of the tribute concert it would 've been nice if they did a queen song instead , or even threw in a snippet ( the invisible man could 've worked in there ) but instead they just performed one of their own songs from their own stage , completely disjointed from the concert as a whole . 
  i reckon the three albums would be a cool finishing note for them - innocence reflecting their early years , experience as the huge joshua tree / achtung baby superstardom stadium rock , and ascent as their newer nloth style religious stuff . 
  or maybe they rework soa into original soundtracks 2 and bring back passengers, 
  what are you moving down here for ? 
  damn , that `` maybe he 's just a good sport '' line was smooth as hell, 
  well given they just blew up the hydrogen bomb i 'd say it 's fairly likely it does n't exist anymore, 
  oh nah , was n't meaning ` oh god , why here of all places ' but why are you moving to chch in general - uni ? 
  i dunno , blenheim ? 
  do you live in 2011 ? 
  how much are you wanting to spend ? 
  / u/dirtyformal , [ still wanting ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/3oqk2r/new_zealand_daily_random_discussion_thread_15/cvzuc20?context=3 ) to take a look at the vietnam war essay ? 
  i can upload it tonight if you want, 
   high tea at the langham, 
  someone 's a bit fancy, 
  what courses are you taking ? 
  yeah , i work in a home appliance store and when i first started we had excerpts from it playing on infomercial screens constantly . 
  i still wake up in a cold sweat sometimes hearing him talk about juicers , with the drone of vacuum cleaner infomercials in the background . 
  it was n't done by any one person - [ beastysakura ] ( http://beastysakura.deviantart.com/ ) ( taylor fischer ) did some of the maps and concept art , do n't know about others on the team . 
  there are also some people who do art which is just as good for mods , especially / u/janboruta and / u/sukritact - they both have da accounts too , and you can see their stuff on the forums, 
  maybe he should n't have wrestled the gator in the first place then, 
  wait what , i thought that was south-east or east , definitely not south, 
  i could 've sworn blenheim rd was east-west , not north-south ... 
  looks like someone took pity on you, 
  you work in a pub , or you had a coup and took over the fireplace ? 
  ooh , might add this to the header rotation if you 're all good with it . 
  / u / - halcyon , thoughts ? 
  i 'm more over the airport sort of way , which probably makes it more east from my perspective, 
  oh nah , was n't doubting you so much as my own sense of direction . 
  i 'm always confused here , turns out our west facing windows actually face a fair bit towards north too, 
  awesome , that all good with you / u/charliebrownboy ? 
  i should be able to sort it out , it 'll just be a matter of seeing how it comes up on the top - noticed the exposure has made the ship a bit blurry , hoping it wo n't be too bad on the header, 
  the / s ruins it imo , imagine that garden thread if everyone had / s at the end of their post . 
  it 's like explaining a joke, 
   i kinda want to make my own electric gokart . 
  pfft , how about your own [ motorised bar stool ] ( http://www.3news.co.nz/nznews/man-injured-in-motorised-bar-stool-crash-2013092021 ) ? 
  wait what . 
  jimmy carr is in chch ? 
  fuck , i missed it, 
  hey , i walk 5 minutes from the carpark to work !, 
  that counts , right ? 
  i dunno , i kind of like / u/wandarah 's quote , plus it fits the state of the pm thread well . 
  might change it to the am quote though, 
  same here in nz , but we also have the american version . 
  it can get confusing at times , especially when this is a valid sentence . 
  he 's pissed because the pissheads took the piss out of him for being pissed and pissing himself while on the piss at a pissup, 
  just had my 50 trillion dollar bill from zimbabwe arrive today - does this mean i 'm officially a trillionare ? 
  it 's not as great as it 's cut out to be, 
  how was driving on the atlantic ? 
  yeah , that was my thought as well . 
  but everywhere seems to be saying it sounds like zooropa , so i 'm wondering if he said something else about that in the interview . 
  at any rate , i 'd expect it to be that more sort of 90 's sound anyway , going off the tour theme, 
  paging / u/dirtyformal, 
  i 'd suggest hiring a car and staying in te anau overnight . 
  makes for a much smaller drive in the morning and will be a better day overall, 
  goodbye pork pie ( 1981 ), 
  oi paul , not supposed to suggest something that 's already been posted, 
  i was so paranoid i kept refreshing the page before posting, 
  our best of 2015 results have finally [ been posted !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/40i4z6/rnewzealand_bestof_2015_award_results_thread/ ) head on over and check it out !,
