  i have a mate who is fairly left wing and liberal ( i got her to take that on the fence test , came back greens and labour ) , but still voted national because it was her first experience of politics outside of the philippines and was worried if the incumbent did n't win there 'd be a coup or something, 
  other side is definitely easier , though it takes a bit longer because you 're having to go round the whole diamond harbour way instead of just the straight roads out to lr, 
  that could actually work . 
  felicity 's death pushes oliver off the deep end , and he returns to his season 1 ways of killing bad guys and being an all around badass as he shuns the ones around him in favour of his dark quest for vengeance . 
  diggle and thea return to try and bring him back from the brink , just as a new big bad who has been the mastermind behind the events of s5 reveals himself , forcing them to stick around and help oliver whether he wants it or not . 
  trevor , is that you ? 
  so many good movies coming out soon , war movie genre looks to be back with a vengeance . 
  siege of jadotville looks amazing , nolan 's new one is on dunkirk , and there 's a couple more ww2 flicks on both theatres to boot, 
  i 'll be honest , i gave up on arrow last season . 
  and i * never * give up on tv shows - hell , i even kept watching hawaii five-0 after its * ` you just hate us for our freedom ' * islamic terrorism appropriation episode . 
  it just went so far off the deep end and into fan service it was n't funny, 
  i 'm on a $ 29 2degrees plan , it 's 1gb carryover data , 100 carryover minutes and unlimited texting, 
  yeah , i felt the same . 
  it 's cheaper than it would be to get 1gb separately though iirc, 
  / u/appexxd _ you 'd better hurry up mate , ~ ~ i 'll be waiting for my invite ~ ~, 
  that 's a bit different though , those were correct ( i assume ) at the time they were made . 
  in contrast , yugoslavia definitely was n't around in 2008 and east timor definitely was , so the map in the op 's example was incorrect when it was made, 
  huh , i got more of a bluesy vibe from most of their stuff . 
  i can definitely see the skater punk in some of it though, 
  eh , colmar brunton have enough wide swings i tend to discount their shifts until they 're backed up by others . 
  other ones are all a lot closer, 
  probably , yeah . 
  i ca n't help but feel this is karma for passing up toast in favour of running, 
  but why not no running and 5 toast ? 
  or , y' know , f12 and then upload the image file to reddit without having to mess around with paint, 
  i 'll be honest , i have n't been watching my shoes all that much , but they do n't normally show stuff like this, 
  no , i think he meant he 'd be laughing about the l1 exam when he 's in l2, 
  definitely been in your situation before - did a l3 classics exam back in 2013 , nzqa spent the whole year hinting at contents for the exam and all that then went and had stuff so different it may as well have been a different external . 
  though each year is a big jump , it always seems harder at the time . 
  good luck !, 
  you shut your goddamn mouth . 
  anything other than marmite is tantamount to treason . 
  shot nige !, 
  all you needed to do was get on mtc to get another map in , it seems !, 
  that 's pretty shit , we do all of those for free - sometimes even ship it out to the customer ( and we sell hand mixers ), 
  wait , you do photography too ? 
  shit those are cool , some of them almost have an / r/accidentalrenaissance type feel to them . 
  hit me up next time you 're down , could probably get some pretty cool shots up victoria park way, 
   and nlg i could n't be bothered with . 
  we 're not all dicks , i swear . 
  i will admit that our prices can be a bit more expensive , but to be fair we do that whole price match thing , plus flybuys . 
  does that research include whether you can [ outrun the albanian rozzas ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hyaoz-dbs0 ), 
  yo , looks like you 're shadowbanned . 
  can double check on / r/amishadowbanned or message the admins to get to the bottom of it, 
  it is in terms of being a huge departure from their usual sound , but i 'd hardly call it the same style, 
  streets is the best album opener by far , probably my favourite song full stop . 
  there 's just something so insanely good about it , and something about it which you ca n't really put your finger on but just makes it so awesome . 
  other than that though , openers from u2 are usually pretty damn good . 
  i really like zooropa - in terms of being an opener to the album as a whole it 's fantastic , as well as the distorted guitar opening on zoo station for achtung baby as a whole . 
  i will follow and sunday bloody sunday are great full on rock songs with a ton of power in them , while a sort of homecoming has a similar sort of unexplainable feel to streets ( especially live and with the deluxe edition remix . ), 
  beautiful day and to a lesser extent vertigo are pretty cool too . 
  on the whole though , it 's definitely got to be streets first . 
  then probably zooropa , asoh , beautiful day , zoo station , sbs , iwf and then the rest, 
  to be fair , they did say that they were away for a season, 
  i tend to expect that in new shows , give it a bit of time to settle in . 
  if things do n't pick up after half a season or so then i 'd say you might be right , but yeah, 
  you 're assuming the ` accidental ' part or the ` renaissance ' part matter anymore, 
  can someone eli5 why it is n't just 3 ohms ? 
  the wanderer , followed by lemon and then zooropa . 
  it 's a great soundtrack for going on a drive just after sunset, 
  why does n't it behave like electricity normally does in taking the shortest route ? 
  this is pretty shit news , it sucks that so many young people are feeling like this and that the programs in place to help are underfunded and underresourced . 
  i never went through that myself ( though i probably could have asked for help at some points ) but i 've had friends who i might not still have today were it not for youthline , so it 's definitely a worthy cause imo . 
  there was a crowdfunding thing for them a while ago , but i could n't find that , so [ here ] ( https://www.youthline.co.nz/donate-and-help-youthline/donate-to-youthline/ ) is the link to donate to youthline . 
  i 'd say if you 're able to spare the money it 'd definitely be worth doing so , so that these young people can get the help they need . 
  i was gon na do the microphone logo last year but never got round to it , and nobody ever gave me a good one to use, 
  sorted, 
  you 're lucky i did n't change it to `` something cooler '', 
  [ why stop there ? 
  i 'm guessing you live inland and want a beachfront property, 
  fuck it , $ 60 from me . 
  not much , but they 'll do more with it than i will, 
  never change . 
  not in my experience , and to be fair it would n't be a proper uni year without ensoc making the news for * something *, 
  / u/kiwikibbles : the / u/nilnz of / r/canty, 
  spotify only has the 2 disk deluxe edition , not the six disk one, 
  yeah , for sure . 
  i work in retail with a hell of a lot of salespeople here in nz , and we 've got all sorts of people as sales . 
  one guy used to work as a bouncer , another is ex-military , a fair few are students , and we 've got a complete mix of both genders and ethnicities . 
  there 's no real impression that one group is better suited to the role than others ( with the exception of knowing certain second languages giving an advantage due to customer demographics ), 
  oh right , that makes sense . 
  so the issue is figuring out the mean distance electricity would take between the two points and countering for loss as it spreads further out ? 
  removed , rule 6, 
  it 's almost as if people have different tastes from one another ... 
  i disagree , i thought the same before i saw it . 
  it 's legitimately holy fuck imo, 
  i think it 's a demonym in this case, 
  yeah , that 's what i mean . 
  i thought everyone was exaggerating it , but i was properly freaked out when i saw it, 
  i like it better than some of the other songs on the b side , but lemon / the wanderer / zooropa are all far better imo, 
  i would have thought it 's a better plan not to let them know beforehand ? 
  oh right , that makes more sense . 
  unless she * thinks * she knows what it is but it 's actually a surprise gift and she has no clue what it really is, 
  well that ruins the surprise then - at least you sent it intentionally , i 've done it by mistake before, 
  that 's the best way to do it , guaranteed to be well-received, 
  in this subreddit we * obey * the laws of physics and general relativity . 
  eh , you might get lucky at a [ chinese grocer ] ( http://www.livescience.com/47892-new-mushrooms-discovered-in-chinese-grocery.html?cmpid=558332 ), 
  my top comment is close , 1164 - about the complete destruction of the solar system, 
  best post topped 3k though and was about a ferrari 458 .
