  it 's far from perfect , but it 's a damn sight better than everything looking identical and losing all semblance of subreddit identities . 
  we also believe that it 's possible to work with subreddits to approach the issues with css in such a way that you 're able to improve the system , while still retaining the styling and identities of individual subreddits and their css . 
  instead , the admins have announced this move and are running roughshod ahead in their decision to eliminate css , completely wiping out months of hard work from thousands of redditors and disenfranchising those affected . 
  we 're not opposed to progress , and development of the site . 
  we just do n't think it needs to come at the expense of subreddit identities , or their individuality and features . 
  we are . 
  big redesigns seldom go down well for websites, 
  obviously the community is the most important aspect , but the way a place looks is still an integral part of its identity . 
  compare subdivisions where every house looks the same to suburbs where there 's variety - they 're still both family homes with similar stuff within , but places with that extra variety have a much better character to them . 
  they have character and individuality instead of being just another cookie cutter building . 
  it 's the same thing here . 
  community takes priority of course , but without css it 's nowhere near as unique . 
  the subreddit is more inviting and more representative of the country than it was prior to the css , just as all other subreddits are unique communities instead of being clones with a different subject matter, 
  as i said below :, 
   we also believe that it 's possible to work with subreddits to approach the issues with css in such a way that you 're able to improve the system , while still retaining the styling and identities of individual subreddits and their css . 
  we 're not saying things should remain exactly as they are now . 
  there are issues with the current implementation , as you 've pointed out . 
  but to go from one extreme to the other and remove css outright is in my opinion a really bad move . 
  and like you said , there are subreddits which have just gone off the deep end with css ( ahem , / r/ooer ) and break functionality as a result . 
  but that can be fixed without removing the entire system , and subsequently punishing subs which have made the most of their stylesheets to make the subreddits more inviting and aesthetically pleasing . 
  with regards to the header , that was one of the concerns we had in working on the css . 
  we decided that the header was a decent balance of showing off the rotating images and being small enough to not take away from the subreddit 's content space . 
  on a standard monitor it 's less than 1/5 of the screen , and only 2-3 submissions from the top , without scrolling . 
  we figured that was small enough an inconvenience for the purpose of the rotating header images showing off new zealand . 
  if there are any issues with functionality on / r/newzealand 's css we 'd love to know about them so that we can go about fixing them while we still can, 
  again :, 
   we also believe that it 's possible to work with subreddits to approach the issues with css in such a way that you 're able to improve the system , while still retaining the styling and identities of individual subreddits and their css . 
  in your example , rather than cookie cutter we can look at the issues of the mediterranean style roof which led to the leaky buildings issue and try to fix them . 
  sure it 's more work than just being cookie cutter , but it leads to a far better result overall, 
  this is the first time we 've heard about this - it 's hard to fix issues like that if you 're not made aware of them . 
  i 'm on firefox / win 10 too and do n't have the issue , have you got any more specs that might be helpful ? 
  they 're not mutually exclusive though , you can rewrite the code and still make it possible to have css functionality . 
  if it 's able to be modified then people will do so , and will find a way to make it work . 
  you do n't need to go and wipe everything out in the process, 
   better, 
  [ citation required ], 
   some subreddits take it too far . 
  i completely agree . 
  but no need to paint all of it with the same brush, 
  any addons you 're running , what exact version of firefox etc , so that we can replicate the environment and see if we can reproduce it . 
  does it happen on multiple devices , or just that one ? 
  spacing them out makes it easier to read submissions , but that was an issue raised in development and we did condense it down from what it originally was . 
  when we were building the css we had frequent consultations with the community to ensure issues such as this were alleviated , in order to provide something which the community likes and can use . 
  obviously we ca n't please everyone and with header images you 're going to by default have something taking up more space than the ugly default , but we definitely addressed the issues which were brought up when making it . 
  we can take another look at the spacing if that 's what people want , but so far yours is one of the only ones on the subject i 've seen since it got introduced, 
  you 're punishing the many for the actions of the few . 
  wholesale responses are rarely the answer to isolated issues , and removing functionality is just as rarely a good move, 
  now do n't go and leave us like / u/kochipoik did , okay ? 
  unless it 's 24 litres a year equivalent of pure alcohol , which would n't surprise me given the way some of them drink, 
  are we going to do original soundtracks too , or just go straight to pop ? 
  i do n't know about footage , but i 've listened to the full audio a couple times, 
  the fog 's what makes it a stunning photo, 
  i see it as more of a foundation episode - nothing much happens , but it advances the plot lines in such a way that it builds for everything to come crashing down, 
  failed miserably at writing this presentation today . 
  it 's only 1200 words , but the issue with contemporary stuff is there 's very little academic stuff written about it , which makes writing academic stuff on it difficult . 
  thinking of switching from water use to water quality though , which will make things eaiser, 
  i 'll be working during the day , but might be able to do something later on, 
  that said , it 's the day before my birthday , so i might end up having something on i do n't know about yet, 
  oh that 's not a bad theory , had n't thought about it being someone from the same side . 
  she turned up about the same time as the oleg thing , right ? 
  i do n't know if he 'd fully turn on them , but i can see him confiding in stan about some stuff going on and stan connecting the dots, 
  strengthens their brand or something, 
  nah i got that impression for sure - iirc one episode he said he hated the vietnamese commies , but he hated the americans more for what they did to vietnam, 
  oi , that 's enough of the doxxing . 
  consider this your only warning, 
  i 'm not sure if you legally can or not , but i 'm sure people would . 
  not that my car 's turning circle would be good enough , but still, 
  we worked out last night at work that one of my colleagues and i live about a km from each other , and we can both hear some guy pumping out bass at horrible hours of the night every other week . 
  i 'd hate to think what it 's like for his neighbours, 
  wow , must have been well liked ? 
  august is a bit of an awkward time where it 's too late for the ski season and too early for fruit picking , which tend to be the two most popular jobs for people in similar situations as you . 
  i 'd stay away from auckland as it 'll blow through your budget unless you 're okay sleeping in a corner of a garage for 100 p/w, 
  what the fuck , ca n't believe it was 6 years ago, 
  / u/pm _ me_kererus, 
  check the only mod on there, 
  yeah , wellington sits bang on the tectonic plate boundary . 
  half the cbd and a fair chunk of residential land near the airport is on land that was underwater until the 1800 's, 
  last one actually worked though, 
  removed , rule 12 . 
  try / r/nzcirclejerk, 
  shit , i thought you were bragging about having bought raro . 
  i need sleep ... 
  i think you should , so we can get the most meetup day meetups per capita again, 
  / r/chch is already planning one , and / r/marton is probably having the five alts on the mod team plan some sort of seance, 
  when you work there enough you recognise it instantly, 
  does this count as politics ? 
  does that mean i 'm not allowed to get some sleep or naps ? 
  thanks nilnz !, 
  five years and counting , shit, 
  shit , i feel like i 'm missing out now !, 
  suppose there 's no way to digitise it without losing that , is there ? 
  i have no fucking clue , it 's just weird af, 
  it depends on the turntable - we 've got ones at work that allow you to digitise through usb, 
  yeah , i turn around and all of a sudden i have 15,000 words to write in a couple months, 
  detecting a theme with those games ... 
  sweet as , re-approved it, 
  also unless that 's a nissan cube they 're not in a box, 
  just so i 'm clear , you 're wanting a modern map representing historical borders , right ? 
  not a reproduction historical globe with a map from that time ? 
  i just picture you two sitting next to each other and doing a head nod having just avoided the accident,
