  if you wanted you could stop in kaikoura and go whale-watching , but you could just as easily skip it if you wanted or were running low on time . 
  let me know if you 've got any questions , hope this helps !, 
   start out with carrots and things and then get a little odd . 
  perhaps peppers eaten raw . 
  is this odd ? 
  i do it all the time ... 
  like this one , which links to one a year ago, 
  kind of loses it 's onion-ness when the title does n't include he tried to literally cut power to it , ie . 
  cutting the power cord instead of unplugging . 
  not bad , but it 's a bit all over the show and misses out the main centres ( which i understand for this one is intentional , but it 's probably not the best for what i 'm assuming to be first time visitors ) . 
  maybe on a second or third visit after you 've seen the primary sort of stuff , but i 'd say stick to the normal routes first time around, 
   my favorite mod-maker, 
  [ sorry , what was that ? 
   because it 's true . 
  no , you * believe * it to be true . 
  if you think that religion is a ` wicked and stupid burden on humanity , ' then that 's your opinion and you 're entitled to have it . 
  saying it to religious people just because you believe it to be true however makes you no better than the street corner preachers who condemn non-believers to hell , or the jehovah 's witnesses who come door-knocking to try and force their religion on you . 
  now , i 'm non-religious . 
  but i do n't go up to religious people and say ` why are you wasting your time with that bullshit , it 's not worth anything and it 's 2000 year old rubbish . ', 
  not because i 'm prohibited to , or because i 'm worried about retaliation , but just because that 'd make me a dick . 
  just as you 're allowed to have your opinion on religion ( and would probably get pissed off if jehovah 's witness came to your door ) , so to are religious people , and they have equally got the right to be pissed off if you come shoving your beliefs down their throat . 
   which is that their religions are man-made superstitions and are a burden on humanity . 
  truth is supported by fact - and i 've yet to see any facts supporting this claim to make it any more than an opinion . 
  while countless atrocities have been committed in the name of religion , equally countless great works of beauty have also been commissioned in the name of religion - the hagia sophia , the parthenon , itsukushima shrine , teotihuacan , the sistine chapel , michelangelo 's * david * , da vinci 's * last supper * , * ave maria . 
  * religion has fostered the spread of ideas on a global scale , allowing nomadic tuareg in west africa to be influenced by greek ideas of astronomy as early as the middle ages . 
  to say outright that all religion is bad superstition and a burden on humanity is to discount 10,000 years of cultural advancement with a gross generalisation akin to saying that all muslims are terrorists or that all rich people only care about themselves . 
  he 's even smiling for the camera, 
   all the evidence points one way , i 'm afraid . 
  there is no good reason to believe god exists and therefore we must conclude that it does n't . 
  yet you say this without providing * any * evidence , which gives your argument about as much credibility as young-earth creationism . 
   you say that like none of that beauty would exist if nobody was religious, 
  given all of those were religiously motivated , no , it would n't, 
   we have every reason to believe nonbelievers are just as capable of beauty and aethetics as believers . 
  absolutely , i never said anything to the contrary . 
  we have the taj mahal , statue of liberty , the alhambra . 
  but we 're not dealing in hypotheticals here , we 're dealing with this history , and to say that religion is just a burden negates all the cultural advancement done in its name . 
  hell , some theorists have claimed that if it was n't for religion civilisation itself would n't exist . 
   the point is that i do n't need evidence , because i 'm not claiming the existence of anything . 
  your lack of evidence is all the evidence i need . 
  this is both shifting the goalposts and the burden of proof . 
  we 're not talking about whether religion is true or not , since i think we 're both on the same side on that one . 
  what we 're talking about is your claim that religion is a burden on humanity . 
  since you made the claim , the burden of proof is on you to provide evidence to back it up . 
  i 'll admit that it 's possible the confusion arose when i quoted both your claim that it 's man-made and that it 's a burden on humanity , but in the context it should have been easy enough to figure out what part i was referring to . 
   the fact that there are so many thousands of religions with thousands of gods separated by geographic and ethnic grouping , all of which are mutually incompatible in their beliefs suggests that man made god in his image and not the reverse . 
  again , irrelevant to the claim that religion is a burden on humanity . 
   again , you are begging the question . 
  of course they were religiously motivated because almost everybody at the time they were made at various points in history has been religious . 
  prevlance of unbelief is a relatively recent development in human history . 
  no , there 's a difference between being religiously motivated and being built by religious people . 
  the examples i pointed out were all either places or worship / holy sites or works of art with the subject being directly derived from religious texts . 
  the alhambra was built by the muslim emirate of granada , yet it was designed as a palace and fortress , with little or no religious motivation for doing so . 
   that might well be true , but it does n't say anything of the truth of religion . 
  that could be the case even if religion is false as i claim . 
  reverting to the original goalposts , it shows that , regardless of the truth of religion , it is n't a burden on humanity and is instead the cause of humanity as we know it today, 
  move within town or elsewhere ? 
  any idea if course timetables for uni are finalised now , or if they 're still going to have changes made ? 
  if it 's the first one , three of my courses in the same semester clash with each other , so i 'll probably need to change two of them, 
  bugger , okay . 
  now i need to decide between coms101 , early us history or the evolution of european politics, 
  nothing , because it 's holidays, 
  should 've said that , then !, 
  politics , with history as a sort of minor/double major thing . 
  scuba too , iirc, 
  i 'm just going to jump in on this for a sort of follow up thing , do you think i 'm missing out by staying at home instead of going to a hall of residence ? 
  not sure what it 's like in the states , but where i live the halls cost about an extra $ 13000 a year , so instead i 'm staying at home for the time being ( we live like five minutes away anyway , so travel is n't an issue ) but it feels sort of like a lot of what you described is stuff that would happen there , and that by not staying in a hall i 'd be missing out on a large part of the experience ? 
  damn , thought that might be the case . 
  any idea if it 'd get better when i go flatting ? 
  so i 've decided to start / take over a subreddit , inspired by cmv and the argument about religion i got into with / u/warningmusicgroup yesterday on here . 
  i took over / r/casualdebate since it 'd been empty for about a year or so , but have no idea what to do now . 
  still needs a bit of sprucing up and probably some rules , but my goal is to have it fairly loosely moderated - more like here than / r/askhistorians, 
  and then have five alts all upvote it and downvote everything else ? 
  shit , has it really got that bad ? 
  i was that age 10 years ago , and i 'd be going off with mates down to the park on my own and up building treehouses in the forest up the other side of the valley . 
  only time i was at all worried was when a sudden thunderstorm came in and we were up a tree half way up the side of the valley, 
  wow , it * is * lonely in there, 
  secret government communications of confidential gcsb data ? 
  there 's always / r/debate for proper , structured debates . 
  i do n't want to be deleting posts just because they did n't provide sources or because they did n't format properly . 
  that said , i 'd probably still make sure they do n't start the whole turning it into a shithole thing , and turn it into a horrible place . 
  if everyone is respectful it should be fine , although it is reddit , so i 'm not sure that 's possible, 
  i 'm still trying to figure out why they stopped paradiso, 
  i think they mean that you 're talking about europe , but on the map they are part of the north american division , not the european one, 
  it 's definitely a meteorological map of some sort , since the large ones are showing air pressure as / u/ampanmdagaba pointed out . 
  i have a feeling the smaller ones are wind currents , since the arrows are indicating a westerly flow which is generally the prevailing wind down here in the roaring 40 's, 
  i 'm the same . 
  it 's even worse when my brother can come back from 10 days on the spirit of nz with a huge tan , no sunburn at all, 
  this explains why nebuchadnezzar in civilization v is always drunk, 
  my old neighbour used to tell this story from when he used to work as a bank teller . 
  back then they were all armed , and while they normally just had little pistol things he had a 44 magnum , so anyone who tried to rob him was definitely coming off second best, 
  time goes slower during moments of awkwardness . 
  it would have felt that long , even if it was shorter, 
  not available in my country :( guess the bbc does n't care for * colonials *, 
  not sure what you 're on about , it 's almost mid 30 's here . 
  we just shut the house up and turned on the ac, 
  tried that first , was n't working for some reason . 
  kept coming up with an error, 
   idk why we have n't seen one yet . 
  maybe because balls do n't have knees ? 
  map : http://maps.jukejuice.com/show/5631,
