  over here used to be a building , too . 
  oh , and that carpark , that used to be a building . 
  what , that one ? 
  nah , that 's always been empty *, 
  the name 's kind of like a greenland sort of thing . 
  it 's about as much a bay of plenty as greenland is green, 
  i try , things just keep getting in the way . 
  next one , hopefully, 
  i think the only real repercussions this soon would have been in the election . 
  it would either swing further right wing and be a complete landslide for the conservatives given the loss of the much more left wing scotland , or it would swing the other way if the yes vote was seen as a failure by the tories . 
  some process for independence would have been agreed that probably screws scotland over and sets a long time frame , and there would be squabbles over who gets what in terms of scottish resources and association with the rest of the uk - common currencies , travel agreements etc. 
   the conservative majority in england and wales would be the same in this scenario . 
  i 'm not sure you can really call it a `` swing '' . 
  it 'd be more a swing because you 'd lose the more liberal scottish seats in parliament , so the conservatives would make up more of what 's left . 
  if you had 150 seats for example , with scotland as 50 of them and the conservatives as 75 , then if scotland leaves the tories would have 3/4 of the seats instead of 1/2, 
  i dunno , i kind of like it . 
  mind you , i go to uc so i 'm surrounded constantly by hideous [ brutalist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brutalist_architecture ) buildings , so anything looks good by comparison, 
  i swapped classes this year partially so that i could get fridays off instead of tuesday , and do n't regret it at all, 
  were n't you going to the ilam apartments or something ? 
  can you not live in them over summer ? 
  alternatively , have you got friends who are flatting ? 
  eh , somewhere between uni and hagley park would probably be close enough to most places, 
  i 'd be down for some pool next week , still two weeks before the essays are due so about a week before i start, 
  is this reverse psychology to make sure i come ? 
  so i 'd owe you a pint if i show , or you 'd owe me one ? 
  definitely get a cop . 
  i probably would n't say anything until you 're actually moving out , that way you wo n't get as much guilt tripping in the mean time . 
  having the cop there as an authority figure just means he 's able to intervene if things get ugly , and keep your parents in line if it stays reasonably civil . 
  i 'd also ask the new flatmates if they 're able to lend a hand with the move , it 's a lot easier with five people than with one . 
  check the forecast too , make sure you pick a day with good weather . 
  no-one wants to be moving furniture in the rain, 
  well yeah , but putting up with it for one day is better than putting up with it for a week or a month or whatever, 
  that might give me an excuse to try it , i like this idea, 
  dammit , was hoping she 'd forgotten . 
  that 's why you tell them on the day you 're moving , then you do n't have to listen to it, 
  i dunno , i 'm normally working weekends but it 's flexible enough most of the time that i can get time off with enough notice, 
  exactly, 
  uh oh , the spreadsheets are back, 
  i 've always held out hope for a polynesian one, 
  leaked photos ? 
  i must have missed that, 
  i dunno , i 'm sure you could scrape together enough if you use all of polynesia and take some liberties , like they did with the rest of the civs, 
  but no flying feathered dragon gods though, 
  pffft , do n't even do the readings . 
  just bullshit your way through the whole thing, 
  i thought it was for the anemones and starfish ? 
  pinball bumpers :d, 
  have you tried [ the flag shop ] ( http://theflagshop.co.nz ) ? 
  they seem to have 1:2 and 3:5 available , which does n't cover the us , south korea or israel , but it should be fine for the others . 
  i wanted to be a paleontologist as a kid , but growing up in nz there 's not really all that much to look for, 
   sydney : 10 pm monday , august 10th - 4 am thursday , september 24th . 
  i think you 've gotten your time zones a bit muddled here . 
  either that or time passes much quicker in australia, 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  it 's 12am-6am here in new zealand , couple hours ahead of australia . 
  sadly i have a full day of class and work on thursday , so i might just catch the tail end of it, 
  surely you 're interested in finding coffee though ? 
  you 'd have the extra shifts over christmas , right ? 
  surely that would help you survive until the allowance begins ? 
  would savings be able to fill in the gap before the retail season kicks in , given it 's probably only about a month or so ? 
  talk to your boss then and explain your situation . 
  i 'm sure that if they 're not a complete heartless so-and-so they 'd be more than happy to give you extra hours to help . 
  if not , there 's plenty of other places you can get work . 
  i 'd just go round the mall with your cv just as christmas is starting to get started but before school and uni finish , so you 've got less competition . 
  i 'd say you 've got more of a chance because you already have a year of retail experience , especially if you 're applying at another bookstore, 
  when did you try ? 
  retail does n't normally take new staff coming off the christmas season, 
  huh , did they give a reason why ? 
  could you not just do a points thing ? 
  5 points for first choice , 4 for second and so on ? 
  that way you 'd be less likely to get a scenario like what you described . 
  although i suppose you 'd then be bias in favour of a flag change because there 's only one option to keep it, 
  would n't they have rnzaf markings though ? 
  oh wow , what happened to the red/white/blue or even the teal-ish on the rnzaf flag ? 
  no of course not , i was meaning [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/rnzaf_roundel.svg/600px-rnzaf_roundel.svg.png ), 
  we 've got a greek split in the works - it 's not on this scale , but it 's more like our earlier polynesia one and splits the current greece into athens , macedon , pergamon and sparta - the ua to athens , hoplite to sparta , other uu and leader to macedon while pergamon is there for moral support . 
  go ynaemp 23 with all of them on a nile valley map , it 's how i was testing them and it 's great fun, 
  capitals do n't conflict , so the rest should just skip over each other, 
  wait til december . 
  yeah , mainly because he tried to establish monotheism instead of adhering to the traditional egyptian pantheon, 
  i did a quick 100 turn one when testing , nubia founded their second city in the middle of the goddamn sahara to get access to one salt . 
  there 's a nile valley map in v23 of ynaemp which has tsl locations for each civ, 
  have you tried it ? 
  i do n't think it 's that big , might be that tall but it 's a square instead of the normal shape, 
  yeah , all civs have correct starting locations for all maps they 'd be present on within ynaemp, 
  we 're updating it in the new css anyway , so i 'd be more than happy to update it, 
  dammit balchy , i 'm running out of room on the new css as it as for five rules . 
  although that reminds me , we should probably work out what sort of stuff you lot are wanting in the sidebar for the new one anyway . 
  i 'm thinking we replace the dozens of links in the sidebar for advice with megathreads , or even look at setting up the wiki for it ( which might be the best option actually , since it 'd free up the sidebar for important stuff , like novelty maps and organising booze-ups . 
  on that note , can i nominate myself for a mod position so i can sort out what i just suggested and implement the new css when it 's agreed upon ? 
  ( / u / - halcyon should probably get a nod too when we get around to putting it all in place ), 
  there 's a pretty decent one just across memorial ave from burnside park - they specialise in mitsubishi iirc but did a decent job on my '99 ford and rang me up to check before doing anything which would cost extra . 
  still working on it though , style and background is likely to change again before we finalise it . 
  just as soon as / u / - halcyon and i can actually agree on something !, 
  awesome , cheers . 
  also , just while you 're here , since we have room for two stickies now what do you think about setting the daily up to automatically sticky every day ? 
  it sets by default to the second spot , so it should n't interfere with the normal ones ( and might make more sense than two flag ones ), 
  can confirm , frequent / r/vexillology, 
  jimi hendrix , all along the watchtower . 
  probably the jamie n commons version of it too if it 's on there,
