  also , mind if we use some of your city lists if we 're doing a civ on here ? 
  ( do i win anything if i find a civ not on the list ? ), 
  edit : you 've got zulu twice ( # 481 and # 535 ), 
  i 'd be interested to know the selection criteria . 
  there are some which as far as i know have never been independent ( english cities ? 
  ) , some which are lumps of others ( bantu alongside normal subsaharan africa civs , but no maori alongside the constituent iwi , ) and then in contrast some actual historical entities which are n't even on the list at all , which i did n't think would be possible given there 's over 700 goddamn ` civs ' in this thing but there you go, 
  i 'm sorry , i 've been too busy getting an education, 
  goooooooooooooood morning and welcome to friday the 21st of august . 
  on this day in 1140 , song forces defeated a jin army at the battle of yancheng as part of an ongoing conflict which spanned more than a century in east china . 
  elsewhere in military history , on this day in 1680 pueblo indian forces capture the city of santa fe from the spanish colonists as part of a widespread pueblo rebellion led by the semi-mythical pop\u00e9 . 
  the rebellion was a huge success for the pueblo , and resulted in the spanish being driven from new mexico for twelve years , during which time the pueblo were able to retain their independence . 
  today in 1778 saw the british besiege the french colony of pondicherry as part of the american war of independence , despite the fact that neither party was american and that pondicherry was actually in india . 
  after a ten week siege pondicherry finally surrendered and became a british holding in india , signalling the beginning of the decline of french influence in india which previously had surpassed that of britain . 
  thirty years later exactly the british and french met again on the field of battle , this time in portugal where british and portuguese forces under the duke of wellington , arthur wellesley defeated a french invasion force , successfully defending portugal from napoleon 's empire . 
  other battles today include the battle of charleroi and the beginning of the second battle of the somme ( both in world war one ) , the battle of the tenaru as part of the guadalcanal campaign in the pacific theatre of ww2 , and the capture of the french town of falaise by canadian and polish forces . 
  also today in non-battle history , the mona lisa was stolen by an employee today in 1911 , the soviet union successfully tested the first intercontinental ballistic missile in 1957 , hawaii was officially adopted as the 50th state today in 1959 , in 1986 a carbon dioxide eruption in cameroon killed up to 1,800 people within a 20km radius of the source , and in 1991 latvia formally declared independence in light of the collapse of the soviet union . 
  finally today , on this day in 1976 operation paul bunyan took place . 
  in response to the killing of two american officers attempting to chop down a tree in the demilitarised zone by north korean forces , the united nations chose to chop the tree down `` with the aid of overwhelming force . '', 
  a 23 vehicle strong convoy entered the area armed with chainsaws to remove the tree , accompanied by two 30-man security platoons and a 64-man south korean special forces unit trained in tae kwon do and armed with clubs , m-16 rifles and m-79 grenade launchers as well as having strapped claymore mines strapped to their chests while yelling at the opposing north koreans , daring them to cross the bridge . 
  additionally , an entire us infantry company was present behind the advanced force , within 20 utility helicopters and 7 cobra attack helicopters , behind which were several b-52 stratofortresses and f-4 phantoms , while numerous other south korean regiments were stationed the length of the border and the uss midway aircraft carrier was stationed just offshore from north korea . 
  tl ; dr i 'm back , read the last paragraph . 
  i 'm not sure what the hell that means , but given your post the other day i 'm not sure i want to, 
  a pvtfish ( * periergovouitoichthys novaezealandiae * ) is a species of fish endemic to new zealand . 
  it is commonly identified by the ` pfft ' noise it makes , which scientists believe is how the fish communicates . 
  they 're a common sight in the waters around new zealand , especially during the summer months, 
  north korea killed two us soldiers trying to chop a tree . 
  us responds by chopping down the tree with over 20 vehicles full of soldiers with land mines strapped to their chests , rocket launchers , assault rifles , nuclear bombers , helicopter gunships , and fighter jets, 
  hot damn , it 's the soggy bottom boys !, 
  we actually watched o brother where art thou in our classics class back in high school as an example of a modern adaptation of the odyssey , that was such a great class, 
  okay , well , for starters your maori ones are way off ( also , it 's moriori not maoriori , but yeah . ), 
  i 'm not sure who half of them are , but as far as maori civs i think the major iwi are these ones :, 
  * ngai tahu ( not ngati tahu ) - south island, 
  * tuhoe - east coast, 
  also , you 've got al-mansur leading the abbasids when he should be leading morocco , it 's harun al-rashid who should be leading the abbasids, 
  sorry , could you explain it a bit more ? 
  i 'm confused, 
  look at the username, 
  brb writing phd on gnarliness of waterboarding at gitmo, 
  maybe it 's rounded ? 
  yep - image set # 2 is the great mosque of aleppo, 
  what i like is how it 's small enough that it does n't obstruct the photo in any way , and that anyone wanting to steal the photo would probably miss it . 
  well , ah , the milky way 's colour as being silver against a darker blue sky refers to new zealand as the land of the long white cloud , or * aotearoa * , as well as its placement within the pacific ocean . 
  the shape of the milky way is also reminiscent of the silver fern , while the blue and black of the sky is similar to that of the black caps uniform . 
  the composition of the milky way as countless points of light uniting to compose the image of the galaxy is symbolic of new zealand as a melting pot of diversity , where all members of the population are included and work together towards a common goal . 
  the apparent origin of the milky way within the hills of banks peninsula and the waters of lyttelton harbour represents the reliance of new zealand on the land and sea , both for sustenance and economic prosperity . 
  i 'm guessing ones that explode , hopefully when we want them to and not before, 
  * i 'm gon na count to three , then it 's war !, 
  * one ... *, 
  * two ... *, 
  * two and a half ... *, 
  * two and three quarters ... *, 
  * i 'm not bluffing guys !, 
  i 'm really gon na declare war !, 
  * two and five sixths ... *, 
  oh shit , that 's what that series was called . 
  i read it years ago and could n't for the life of me remember what it was . 
  thanks !, 
  i wonder if national are going to be in the same situation when john leaves, 
   to serve out their 10 year terms in a french prison, 
  was n't this `` prison '' actually an island in french polynesia ? 
  no-one that has n't been embroiled in scandal . 
  judith collins had the whole oravida thing and is now acting like she 's going to rebel and form a new party , stephen joyce is only ` pretty legal ' , and seems to be much better behind the scenes , simon bridges would say `` fact of the matter '' so much he 'd probably end up with negative votes ( plus the whole conservation land thing ) and bill english has failed already as you said . 
  i think that would leave someone like paula bennett , but she 'd be too weak as a leader imo, 
  any chance of getting more feedback on maps submitted to the map thread that do n't make the top maps list ? 
  if i 'm not doing something right it 'd be nice to know what , rather than just have no word whatsoever, 
  anything to finally be done with act, 
  it 's supposed to be on tonight as well ? 
  i wanted to go out last night ( since it was finally clear when there 's chance of an aurora ) but dad could n't be bothered and said there would n't be anything because the moon was too big . 
  i 've just sent him your photo, 
  do n't need to tell me twice , hopefully your photo gives him the kick he needs to go out tonight . 
  what sort of settings are you using , again ? 
  sorry to keep asking it , but want to get it right . 
  i know 15 second exposure , i 'm guessing high iso and low f-stop ? 
  maybe , but i think she has the same problem as paula bennett . 
  i think they 're roughly equivalent to the davids , where they 're reasonably good politicians but they 'd be average leaders and probably would n't stand a chance in an election, 
  yeah , then alongside simon bridges they 'd just need simon railroad or simon waterworks and they 'd have the whole simon utilities set, 
  nah , that 'd be giving them your driveway because they seem interested in it , later followed by your garage, 
  as long as it looks like it 's working by the next election then who cares if it fucks up the country in the next ten years !, 
  [ pearl jam , yellow ledbetter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hs8y3kneqrs ) - one of my all-time favourite songs, 
  oh god , i 've been the same . 
  came down with it last week and had to try and write an essay while feeling like shit . 
  only starting to get over it today , and not a moment too soon, 
  they do n't really do ` kick back lazy summer bbq ' songs . 
  most of them are too fast-paced, 
  santeria 's pretty good too, 
  more info on the mod can be found either in the [ topic at cfc ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=551446 ) or in the [ ee manual ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tn6mx9i5nrti17urs9cs7npvrzsjhle7lecv4w1kxyg ) , or you can just ask and i 'll try and answer, 
  it 's still a work in progress , we 're waiting on a couple pieces of art and i need to finish some code for it off first , but then it 'll be hopefully released before the end of the month, 
  that 's the big unknown . 
  i 've tried to pace it ( using [ this ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-7zljlsoqvfcz8fbwta0c3xjh4x6z3trlneq-4zcz1q ) horribly convoluted spreadsheet , try to decode it if you can ) so that it only adds 11000 science to the total cost of the tech tree ( roughly one information era tech , ) but we wo n't actually know whether the pacing is good until we release a version of it and get feedback from the community on pacing . 
  of course , will do !, 
  is there anything you can think of that would be incompatible ? 
  you 're right , i 'm still thinking back to vanilla when the factory had +50 % . 
  might be better at 10 % ? 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  reason behind it was we were wanting to think of a reason to continue the scout line into the industrial , when most of the world is explored anyway . 
  decided the main unexplored areas then are in big empires you have n't been able to secure open borders with , which gives the surveyor a reason to exist as it can go in and scout them all out . 
  kind of makes sense historically with the whole land confiscation thing , too, 
  i 'd say that would probably be better as a uu idea for something which replaces the skirmisher instead of the unit itself . 
  i 'm hesitant to include too many unique bonuses like that into base units as it 's out of line with current norms from the game , which we 've tried to maintain as much as possible in this . 
  that was the original goal , but we have n't been able to finalise ideas and get someone willing to code it up thus far .
