  i say it 's time for an nz based server, 
  nah mate , i 'm in a city where the west side is the one without the crime and crippling poverty . 
  glad you liked it !, 
  come back anytime !, 
  could you do something like a gopro strapped to your chest or something , since that would n't be pulling anything out like a camera would be ? 
  is n't that the only way from the coast , up through murchison ? 
  did you stop off in punakaiki ? 
  fox glacier is cool and there 's the nearby lake matheson which has awesome reflections of the alps on it . 
  love franz josef and punakaiki too , the whole coast is a gorgeous part of the country . 
   shout out to retail workers today . 
  was n't too bad at work , i was out the back most of the day . 
  though we did get five boxes of ipads as soon as i finished sorting the ones we already had , not to mention all the goddamn phones . 
  boxing day is gon na be great fun though , hoping i can convince the boss to chuck on the cricket on the telly behind the counter . 
  the four weeks of christmas songs and decorations from work beg to differ . 
  oh well yeah , but they 're on the west coast already . 
  not gon na go all the way down to kaikoura to go back up to nelson, 
  our work playlist did n't even have snoopy 's christmas - it did have some horrible ones on it though ( michael buble 's straight-adjusted * santa buddy * , for instance ), 
  * shit , how many dots was that ? 
  three , four , then two ones , right ? 
  s , h , couple of e 's - was it dot-dash-dash-dot , or dash-dot-dot-dash - '' *, 
  i hear you get a bonus fbi experience completely free if you do it this way too, 
  bunch of small stuff - a calendar , chocolate , fuel vouchers , cash etc. 
  got some clothes and karl pilkington 's new book too . 
  i 'm happy with it , did n't really * need * anything, 
  it 's okay to watch music videos at 10am too ... 
  but yeah , defs okay to get shitfaced, 
  just giving you shit man , enjoy the day, 
  yeah , i think it 's one of those cases where tone does n't carry over the internet . 
  screws me over all the time, 
  i 'm gon na remove this under rule 12 . 
  feel free to [ message the other mods ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fnewzealand ) if you disagree with the call . 
  a day off ? 
  what 's that ? 
  maybe if it 's actually in my neck of the woods and i 'm not feeling like shit on the day, 
  i 'm allergic to public transport, 
  not a fan of the music , but the video is pretty decent . 
  you got the phoenix foundation ones ? 
  hah , we 'll see when it 's organised . 
  i 'll do my best , but i 'm not going to if it 's the day after i get my wisdom teeth out or whatever . 
  will try and get a mate to come along too, 
  yeah , kind of like the social distortion one i suggested - the actual song is about half the length of the video . 
  phoenix foundation vids are pretty cool too , a couple of them are directed by taika waititi . 
  some videos off the top of my head , [ give up your dreams ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hix9ljxszq0 ) , [ bob lennon john dylan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diglc94vx2i ) , [ the captain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svksv-uym28 ) , and [ 40 years ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz5quppuafm ) ( the last one is directed by taika ), 
  not sure , consult with the surgeon is about half way through january , and that 's when we 'll figure it all out afaik, 
  that 's really for geographic diversity more than anything, 
  tell you what - it 's christmas , and i 'm in a good mood . 
  if you can verify there is at least one reddit user in the chathams , i 'll add the chathams to the map . 
  ha , i 'll do my best . 
  try and get it somewhere near uni and i should be able to come . 
  / r/astrovikings one true faith, 
  new zealander here , 800 years is almost five times older than our country . 
  yeah , looks like some of the other tellies are 50 % off , i 'd wager it 's just someone who copied the description and forgot to update the percentage . 
  be nice . 
  spend 12 hours working there today , can confirm . 
  our sale at work runs until tuesday , we even have some of the tv 's that are $ 1500 off in stock if you fancy a trip to chch, 
  i 'm happy , we soundly thrashed sri lanka over here . 
  they started out at 30/5 and ended up only getting to 188 , we bet them in less than half the overs with 7 wickets in hand, 
  oh cool , i 'll keep an eye out . 
  if you were looking at the tv , i 'm pretty sure it comes with a ps4 as well , so you could either keep that or flog it off to offset the telly even more, 
  how far is the trip ? 
  it 's a very different situation as far as i 'm concerned if it 's something like blenheim - picton compared to dunedin - picton, 
  shit , we 're not allowed to rob customers at gunpoint ? 
  i 've got no new years plans because i never had any in the first place : /, 
  see , if she helps you move then she knows where you live . 
  get a mate who has a car with a towbar , and rent a trailer from the mobil on the corner of ilam and creyke roads . 
  use that to move your stuff all in one go to minimise potential drama , then move out as soon as humanly possible . 
  oh , and the cop . 
  do n't forget the cop . 
  and without the harsh treaty imposed on germany it 'd be much harder for the nazis to rise to power ( if they even exist in this timeline ), 
  that was my first thought too , i even call it ` that apocalypse now scene ' when talking about it, 
  i do n't get anniversaries - it 's easy for a married couple since you 've got the date of the wedding , but what about for just dating couples ? 
  is it the date they ask you out , the date of the first date , the date it was ` official ' , or something else entirely ? 
  are you staying in a flat or one of the halls ? 
  ah , that should give you time to get adjusted to the climate before going flatting , since at least the halls have heating, 
  having expected a quiet start to the year at home , found out a couple days ago that my grandfather is sick and we 're all going down to visit him . 
  thankfully the boss was understanding , but yeah . 
  pretty shit news to get, 
  just tried with a random itinerary , came up to $ 7500 for me ( nz ) to go via stops in japan , india , turkey , britain and the states, 
  no editorialised titles , sorry . 
  i dunno , i would defer to the others but i think they 're all shitfaced so it 's just me holding down the fort tonight . 
  i think it 'd normally still come under editorialised titles since you 're including an opinion in the title - it 's mainly to prevent stuff like `` john key 's a dickhead '' and all that which we used to have a big problem with , and if we 're not consistent then we 're not doing our job right . 
  eh , better than none like me, 
  i think automod is hungover, 
  got my learners in the two month window between me turning 15 and the age raising to 16 . 
  got my restricted maybe two years after that , and my full a year after that ( with a defensive driving course ) - absolutely love driving , do n't know why people do n't care for it personally, 
  wait , i think i know her too . 
  lucy something-or-rather , right ? 
   what 's your excuse for the other 51 weeks ? 
  see above, 
  we came across this this afternoon after a day in the back blocks before emergency services arrived - the doctors had everything fairly well in control and a couple cars from our trip were already there controlling traffic . 
  nobody was just driving past and everyone checked if there was anything they could do to help , so fairly good response in my book . 
  still a reminder to be careful on the roads and drive to the conditions and all that . 
  wait what ? 
  does n't that defeat the purpose ? 
  oh , so it drills up oil and gas , but only uses the oil ? 
  makes more sense then , i thought it was drilling up gas just to burn it off , which seemed weird, 
  pretty sure there are some programs / cameras out there which let you stack focal lengths though , it 's just an entirely different process from hdr . 
  we went up paradise way once about five years ago , just after a huge storm came through . 
  there were these huge tree trunks which had had all the branches ripped off but were still standing , they looked amazing . 
  think i 've still got some pics lying around somewhere,
