  eh , i did n't have anywhere to go and i 'm possibly off down south tomorrow ( chance for aurora , fuck yeah ) so i decided to have a night in . 
  what are you doing on reddit ? 
  fair enough . 
  ^ it 's ^ way ^ easier ^ than ^ ncea, 
  yeah , of course there are . 
  have n't you seen / u/mamba _ 79 's photos ? 
  edit : shit , it 's 12 . 
  why am i still awake ? 
  regardless , happy new year and whatnot, 
  you 're awesome , you know that ? 
  cheers for the gold , have a great year !, 
  i 'll pay you back with scores of upvotes throughout the year and probably gold at some point , if you have n't already got another century of it, 
  * how dare thee challenge the supreme authority of her majesty , elizabeth the second , by the grace of god , of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and of her other realms and territories queen , head of the commonwealth , defender of the faith ? 
  prepare to duel !, 
  that 's a different situation though - eat anything all day and eating something else would be more enjoyable than eating the same thing . 
  like this :, 
  eat chocolate all day then eat some chocolate, 
  eat chocolate all day then eat some broccoli, 
  which do you think would be more enjoyable ? 
  probably the broccoli one, 
  my brother and i both studied different ways ( both under the new test ) - i read the road code , couple years later he used the app and just practiced questions . 
  i understand the road code better than him as a whole , but he passed first time , which i did n't . 
  if i were to go for my learner 's again , i 'd probably just use the app instead of reading the full road code , but it really just depends on what works for you, 
  ca n't remember exactly , it 's either free or one of the cheap ~ $ 1 ones, 
  scheduled threads definitely can be done , / r/newzealand has the automod post one every morning . 
  not sure about the second one , though, 
  sorry for assuming you were n't sure !, 
  i 'm trying to think specifics about it , and it seems like you 'd need it to have a cutoff date too , since otherwise all threads posted in the last couple hours would be included , just because they have n't had a chance to be seen yet, 
  what brand ? 
  i had some macs alcoholic ginger beer once and thought it tasted like shit, 
  disclaimer : i am not a physics geek at all , i have n't taken it in a couple years either . 
  i looked up the distance between australia and nz , and at the closest point it 's less than 2000km ( i think the over 4000km is from the centres of each country , which adds a lot more distance . 
  the distance between the two points i chose is 1939km , and the towers would be at a local height of 400m in au and 100m in nz . 
  since we need them to have direct line of sight , we 'll say for ease of calculations they need visibility for 2000km . 
  using a re-arranged version of the [ first formula here ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/calculate-the-distance-to-the-horizon ) , we should hopefully be able to figure out the height needed to establish such a link . 
  okay , i 'm pretty sure i 've done something wrong . 
  that 's saying that you 'd need to be three times the height of the boundary between earth and space to achieve a direct line of sight . 
  and if it is right , it 'd probably be easier to just lay a new cable . 
  there is one more option , though . 
  if you had a relay of stations through the pacific islands you could get it so that no one distance is more than 800km , which would drop the required height down to a measly 50km, 
  that was my thought too , but the ` direct line of sight ' thing confused me . 
  oh , wait , i was working out how they could see the whole tower , which would be unnecessary . 
  only if it did something stupid and went out in a ball of fire, 
  be like my grandfather , sitting there calling everyone wallies, 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  neutrality is important in a news site , sure , but a blog is pretty much by definition personal opinion . 
  i think what needs to happen is op needs to decide what sort of site they want - if it 's just a political news site , then sure , be completely factual . 
  but if they 're wanting a * blog * , then having a bit of a voice would n't go amiss imo . 
  elsewhere they said they wanted it to be fairly centrist and moderate , so i would n't expect full on cam slater crazy levels of bias , but that does n't mean they ca n't openly disagree with an announced policy or decision , or say that they think a situation should have been handled differently . 
  felt it here in chch , bit worried how close it is to the main fault though, 
  hope everyone in methven and around there is okay, 
  except , you know , it 's a different fault ? 
  it 's down to about nz$ 3000 for a return flight to london , which is the cheapest it 's been in a while . 
  although the uk has departure taxes based on the distance to destination , so it 's cheaper if you have a stopover in continental europe somewhere, 
   - chicken : fat short bird , with a tiny head and an proportionally long beak, 
  he 's got a pretty spot on definition of a [ kiwi ] ( http://www.nhc.net.nz/index/birds-new-zealand/kiwi/the%20kiwi%20chick%20on%20ferns%20again.jpg ) right there, 
  so lem me get this straight , the herald has gone and introduced a new measurement that 's exactly the same as the existing and widely accepted ones ? 
  this is clearly a deliberate attempt to undermine the authority of the cheese measurements on the part of the herald . 
  i was out on a guided 4wd trip south of cromwell the other day and got to a point where i could n't even leave the filtered-ac-air-filled car , otherwise i 'd be sneezing almost constantly . 
  just had to go down to the store and get another 6 boxes of tissues today, 
  i suppose it depends on the airline . 
  that was from memory a couple months ago when looking at a trip to iceland , so i thought it might be out of date , but i checked just now and air nz is still showing similar prices ( $ 1300 to london , $ 1600 - $ 1700 to nz . 
  edit : just checked webjet , the cheapest flight is qantas for $ 2600 return . 
  i guess the nz dollar is just shit ? 
  shit , how 'd you get it that cheap ? 
  pretty sure it 's a simpsons reference , i remember one of grandpa abe 's rambling stories sounding similar, 
  * it 's unsinkable !, 
  could always get an 18 + card - i think they take around a couple weeks , so you may be able to get it in time, 
  based on my experience of the new test :, 
  - slow down and look both ways before crossing railway lines, 
  - slow down to ** 20kph ** going past a school bus , even if there is n't anyone nearby . 
  even if it has n't got the signs on , if it 's near a school . 
  - do n't stall . 
  for the love of god , do n't stall . 
  - if you come to a four way stop sign / give way sign , it 's give way to your left . 
  - check mirrors excessively . 
  - turn your head to check out the windows before changing lanes , as well as checking mirrors three times . 
  the first four all caused me to fail at various points , so hopefully now that i 've said something you wo n't repeat my mistakes . 
  it 's expensive taking the test four times :(, 
  not just the state park ad campaign , travel posters of the era as a whole . 
  there 's a whole bunch of them if you search `` vintage travel posters '' on google , i was trying to find a link that had good examples of them but could n't find just one place so google was best at it, 
   specialists : specialists generate unhappiness ( 1 point per 3 specialists in a city ) . 
  unemployed citizens produce half this amount ( so .15 unhappiness per unemployed citizen ) . 
  any chance you 'd be able to elaborate on why you made this decision ? 
  seems a bit counter-intuitive to have unemployed people be happier than specialists, 
  i 've been on the kawerau jet down in queenstown as a kid a couple times before , but the operator was a mate and i was with my parents , so i 'm not sure which of them had more to do with it . 
  i do n't think they 'd flat out refuse him entry , but they might require parental consent . 
  when i first saw that a particle effect had been added on being popped , i was expecting it to be the blood spraying onto the ground , not some sort of weird firework thing . 
  i feel like that would have fit much better with the style of the game and made what it already had look better , instead of trying to add new stuff which does n't really fit with the style, 
  i 'd always thought people were exaggerating how busy they get , but then i was down in queenstown for new years and drove past , the line took up the whole footpath for at least half a block . 
  it was mental, 
  to be fair though , to get between europe and asia you 've either got to deviate up over poland and northern russia ( which adds way too much flight time ) , ukraine , chechnya ( site of an ongoing islamic insurgency ) , the rest of the caucasus ( where tensions are high and almost at a state of war between azerbaijan and armenia ) , iran ( which i 'm pretty sure is a no-fly zone , at least for america ) , iraq / syria ( do i need to say more ? 
  ) , the hotbed of israel/palestine , or unstable and potentially hostile governments and factions from egypt down through sudan and across africa . 
  so really , unless you zig-zag through the middle east and by some miracle manage to avoid insurgents , you 're pretty much out of options, 
  every fucking time . 
  went down to central otago a last week to visit family , get word that there 's a chance for auroras . 
  mamba posted [ this photo ] ( https://ppcdn.500px.org/93489141/8f7cf82a125c5d686a17e3dea195e24ffbd98cff/2048.jpg ) from the area like three days before we went down , so there was definitely a chance for auroras . 
  get down there , forecast is showing a strength of 0.4 ( ~ 4 is the lowest you 'd want it to be ) and it 's overcast each night . 
  come home having not seen anything , couple days later and first thing i see on facebook is [ this photo ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t31.0-8/s960x960/1957907_963181163712082_7902264470787315838_o.jpg ) and a couple others taken last night in the same area again . 
  i do n't know , every time i go to see them they disappear or it 's cloudy :(,
