  i 'm not sure if we 're allowed to say - there was a post about it yesterday but it got deleted . 
  i 'd wait for / u/dead _ rooster to weigh in , since he seems to be running point on it, 
  if you head up farewell spit way , there 's a walk you can do from the base of it across farmland and forest and shit to get to this beach which apparently has a bunch of fossils at it . 
  we did it but gave up thinking we 'd got it wrong when we got to the beach - turns out it was just around the next corner or something , but it 's still pretty damn cool up that way . 
  i 'd say this will come with the death , obviously whoever it is it impacts him a fair bit ( saying he 's going to return to killing ) so it 's not out of the question for him to go off the deep end and have a breakdown . 
  oh right . 
  but did n't we already have hunter zolomon on arrow back in s2 with the mirakuru stuff ? 
  i expected this when little got in . 
  the young labour mps splitting off and forming a social democratic party or something , while labour returned to a workingman 's party proper, 
  the glaciers are awesome , i love it down that way . 
  especially when you do it as a stop on a road trip , haast pass and the west coast are great too . 
  i leaped under the doorway for just that reason - it felt like the start of a huge quake , but then it sort of just stopped . 
  learn via osmosis ? 
  [ these are even better ] ( http://www.zdsicc.com/images/shh21-y.jpg ) , the zap when they die is so satisfying and you only need to make contact to kill instead of getting enough force on it . 
   the point here is n't for me to get a flag i want . 
  i 'm simply one vote out of the millions of people who may potentially vote . 
  but i 'm still yelling at people to choose the new flag that i want to have, 
  i was thankfully able to get back to sleep , but that fucking wind kept making me think there were aftershocks . 
  so fucking tired now, 
  after a while , you normally stop feeling anything less than a 4.5 and stop caring about anything less than a 5 . 
  this one was weird though , felt like it was gon na be a big one, 
  fun fact , we 're one of only like four or five countries that the un recognises as colonial powers , along with france , the us , britain and i think morocco . 
  something about our free association with tuvalu , niue and the cook islands ( though only two of them are free association and i ca n't remember which . ), 
  as far as your actual point goes , i do n't know if we 're still officially counted as a colony since our monarch is officially separate from that of the uk , even though they 're the same person . 
  our head of state is the queen of new zealand as opposed to the queen of england, 
  tokelau , that 's the one . 
  they 're a part of nz instead of independent , are n't they ? 
  of course not . 
  at the end of the day , the outcome was decided by ordinary kiwis who had the chance to decide the flag for themselves . 
  and while at the end of the day people let their opinion of john get in the way of the clearly right choice , and now the rent-a-crowds on the left have ruined the path of the country to get a flag which identifies ordinary kiwis and one which new zealanders have that best represents them on the world stage just to spite the government . 
  dammit , even had a perfect opportunity for it before the rent-a-crowds, 
  seems a bit pointless , given i doubt nz would ever realistically use that power ( unless it was a law to like make murder legal or something fucked up like that ), 
   i 've found that in nz racism is most definitely not seen as funny , and in fact most people will vilify those who discriminate against others . 
  to the point that at high school anything involving any form of race is met with `` that 's racist '' - i was branded a racist for talking about an asian restaurant i went to the night before, 
  seems pointless to redesign one of the few internationally recognised road markings . 
  i 'm just above minimum wage , and got a couple payrises when i first started out that disappeared as soon as minimum wage went up . 
  it 's stupid , but oh well . 
  awesome , hope you enjoy it !, 
  what 's your itinerary like ? 
  i 'd say a fair few of the older ones might have air raid shelters . 
  i know princess margret hospital down here in chch have tunnels dug into the hills behind them , which have since been taken over by the uc physics department . 
  oh , right . 
  there 's a tunnel from parliament to bowen house , and a couple other arcades and stuff which connect places in wellington , but do n't know beyond that, 
  well plus neither of them are completely unreasonable and poorly written , and they 're both major characters with development outside of the relationship . 
  it 's as though the relationship has been added as an extra to the other stuff , instead of vice versa, 
  after a point it became sarcasm , but there were definitely times when people were serious, 
   most people i know will vote for the status quo primarily because the profferred replacement is a turkey . 
  some prefer our current flag , some would rather kick the can down the road so that they can vote on a better flag . 
  the fact that it will piss off key is a bonus . 
  this is me - i 'm really in favour of a new flag . 
  but the alternate we 've been given is so rubbish that i prefer the old one with the chance of voting again over the new one and not getting that opportunity . 
  just fold it up and hold it still when you get inside , then you 're not waving it around, 
  the leo won thread is rising so out of control it 's insane . 
  loaded it and it was at 6k after 10 minutes , couple minutes later i refreshed and it was at 12k . 
  it 's already doubled again to 24k, 
  canadians must be exempt , we both get overshadowed by a larger , more bogan big brother country, 
  up to ~ 45k now, 
  i do n't get any from them anymore :(, 
  too much focus on the relationship drama , and entire episodes dedicated to felicity 's struggle . 
  the straw that broke the camel 's back though is the latest episode , where [ s4e15 spoilers ] ( #s `` felicity gets shitty and walks out on oliver since he did n't tell her he had a son , despite everyone else - including laurel , who was dating oliver when he knocked samantha up - saying that it was n't his fault , and samantha even saying she forced him to . 
  last scene of the last episode had felicity magically walk again , only to walk right out oliver 's door '' ), 
  [ could be worse still ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/88/flag_of_australia_%28converted%29.svg/2000px-flag_of_australia_%28converted%29.svg.png ), 
  i 'd love it if he drowned his sorrows and came out calling a snap election muldoon style, 
  not coming down to chch again in a hurry ? 
  i could get you a deal on a new one, 
  are you having a stroke ? 
  i thought so ? 
  yeah , bit out of my zone of influence . 
  shame , you could have spent friday night up in the mountains with us, 
  damn balchy , that 's harsh, 
  fuck , where 's / u/jahemian when you need her ? 
   depending on if you 're more likely to associate opera with sad vengeful clowns or horned fat women . 
  in all honesty i still associate the second one more with helicopters over vietnam . 
  relating to your post though , i 'd probably throw ' o sole mio in too , even though it was n't strictly for an opera it 's along much the same lines and would probably be counted by most as that same genre, 
  right , sounds like i 've got a full car from work who 're keen to come - and more who are but ca n't make it on friday . 
  who 'd have thought a tech store would have people keen on photography ? 
  i always assumed it was a british empire sort of thing . 
  if you look at the street names in christchurch , we 've got antigua st , barbados st , colombo st , montreal st , manchester st , madras st and so on , all named after places in the empire . 
  there 's victoria st and square too , named after the queen, 
  just an fyi , username mentions in self posts do n't work , and i think it does n't work if you do more than like five in one post either . 
  i 'm not planning to stay out too late either , we 've got work at 10 the next morning . 
  at what point do we know whether it 's clear enough to go ? 
  or is it just a case of head up there and see how we go ? 
  supplementary question ; why should ordinary new zealanders like myself and the good folk of this subreddit obey the anti-gardening legislation imposed upon us , if the politicians of this country openly admit to breaking said legislation ? 
  ^ ^ \\ ( [ context ] ( http://reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/2nem47/can_you_have_a_garden_in_new_zealand/ ) ), 
  but there 's nobody who can verify his alibi, 
  i saw that sneaky account switch ... 
  sweet as though - want me to update the sidebar on / r/nz with a link to this post instead ? 
  ca n't sticky stuff on here , you 'd need to ask / u/klesmez or / u/jahemian ( the latter of which had better be coming too since she was so keen last time ) - will update the sidebar now though . 
  that said , what happens if it gets too popular and we run out of cars ? 
  `` cook '', 
  shit , you need to show me how to do these properly . 
  bonus points if you ever end up setting up one of those processing workshop things we talked about last time, 
  maybe you should try closing other doors ? 
  i 've heard if one door closes another one opens ... 
  i knew it, 
  you coming on friday up the mountains ? 
  it 's like literally $ 10 to chip in for petrol , you 'd pay more at a normal meetup, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  iirc there was such a big turnout of jedi as religion on the nz census back in 2001 that they legally had to include it as an option on the next one,
