  my car 's not older than me , but it is older than 2005 - seems to work decent enough , it 's been looked after well by previous owners , and it 's got me over some very iffy roads on the peninsula . 
  as someone who did political science , i assume you 're aware of the huge levels of non-voters , especially among youth . 
  you also ~ ~ for some reason ~ ~ have a great nationwide platform with an audience that would have a fair bit of overlap with non-voters . 
  do you think it 's your obligation to use that platform to try and combat low turnout or other issues , especially in an election year ? 
  we 've already seen jono use the show to shine a light on our suicide rates , so it 's definitely possible . 
  i thought the council covered that pretty well ? 
  loving the sound of that , have you ever thought about doing things at unis around the country to try and promote that ? 
  would love to set something up as someone currently involved with pol sci , especially in an election year, 
  there 's been a couple threads about that sort of thing on / r/askhistorians - not maori specific , but dealing with the same issue of sides on melee combat . 
  i 'd say to try search over there but reddit 's search is a steaming pile of shit, 
  except when you actually mean uruk and you 're getting your cities mixed up, 
  yo mods , can we have this as the subreddit title ? 
  [ as luck would have it ... ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/nelson-mail/news/91965203/sovietera-jet-fighter-up-for-sale-at-nelson-airport ), 
  backstory is she 's on the discord and we 're trying to convince her the daily is n't scary, 
  yo report them , if it 's legit racism then we 've got rule 4, 
  not in chch , we 've got clouds :(, 
  * selling $ 10 note . 
  bidding starts at $ 15 *, 
  from what i 've heard , you do n't get any commission until you reach a certain target . 
  say for example it 's 30k in sales , you do n't make any commission unless you sell that much , then you get all of it once you reach it, 
  told the boss i wo n't be able to work one of my shifts next semester as i 've got class during that time , definitely did n't take it well . 
  nevermind the fact that it 's only for twelve weeks of class , and there 's other alternatives for it , but eh, 
  but i have turned up to a meetup . 
  / u/zeros1s can confirm, 
   also seems that imgur has really fucked around and removed the ability to upload from mobile unless you have the app . 
  is it really that difficult to build a good platform and * not * fuck it up ? 
  it 's a matter of principle, 
  oh not this shit again, 
  shit that 's more difficult than mine , i did it on the nuremberg trials, 
  early designs of the css had it in place of the arrow on the left , but it looked out of place . 
  would be open to bringing it back if it was wanted, 
  i never said it was n't , jpr 's entitled to his views . 
  we had a kiwi snoo in the early css drafts shifting from where the arrow on the left is to being alongside the `` new zealand '' in the middle - would be open to bringing it back for susre if people wanted it, 
  removed due to personal information, 
  [ citation required ], 
  yeah the territory flags are so much nicer than the state flags it 's not even funny . 
  hell , change the national flag at the same time too, 
  yo / u/camly75 , you alive ? 
  this has been up for like twice as long as usual now, 
  i must be missing the racism, 
  fair point - i 'm not sure what to do personally , but i 'll bring it up with the others and see what they reckon the best course is, 
  calling it now , daisy will demand they go back to save him , fitz will mention project looking glass , and we 'll get hope , tripp , and ward back, 
  / u/pm _ me_kererus, 
  i think there are laws against that . 
  then again , it is the catholic church we 're talking about, 
  sweet , someone 's finally picked up the mantle of * this day in history * - it 's your burden now , passed down from / u / _ i_am_batman _ , / u/404colournotfound , / u/appexxd _ , and myself . 
  this is your legacy now, 
  it 's balchy we 're talking about here ... 
  no , hand deliver it !, 
  emailing is like breaking up by text, 
  yeah i 'm always rummaging around punga logs to get some booze, 
  since 2014 at least . 
  batman did a today is thursday thing , then i did this day , and it spiralled out of control from there, 
  i bought like four albums within an hour of first looking at the prelim list, 
  a couple by eli paperboy reed , gulfstream , and the wonderful shapes of backdoor keys are the ones i remember off the top of my head . 
  had to stop before i spent too much more, 
  living up to his duke of edinburgh title ? 
  adding to the list of people who are always happy to listen if you need someone to message , sucks that you 're going through a rough patch . 
  but from what i 've seen on here , you 're a great person and have nothing to worry about - though i know it 's never normally that easy !, 
  do n't even fucking joke , assignments are coming up on me quick enough as it is, 
  yeah , i do n't think my little brother got any new shit for like three years , he just got given all of my old stuff, 
  y' all need to use the report function more, 
  there 's a bp on avonhead road ? 
  oh that makes more sense , i was really confused for a second, 
  also an accurate description of what occurred in that scene, 
  oh my god , i 've missed hearing this song so much . 
  sounds like a great version of it too, 
  same person also said miss sarajevo was played, 
  i 'm liking the sound of this , seems like another one, 
  there 's an interpretation of this song on songmeanings that i really like - the guy had this big analysis about how it was about a crisis of faith , and had done a line-by-line explanation . 
  basically , the setting is some seedy nightclub south of the border in mexico . 
  all around he sees temptation and vice , and is being tempted by it or whether to remain true . 
  the line `` all of this can be yours '' enforces this , he just needs to give in ( `` just give me what i want '' ), 
  oh my god , el pueblo vencera is making a comeback ? 
  so fucking hyped now, 
  should add [ a sort of homecoming ] ( https://twitter.com/_phelix/status/859956141760983040 ) too, 
  i feel like pride fits pretty well with the joshua tree theme , but i agree with beautiful day, 
  so no original soundtracks 1 then ? 
  christianity is a bit too much of a melting pot to have such a general claim i think . 
  certainly it 's what some institutions and sects believe , but there are also those who believe just being a good person and living virtuously is enough to not end up in hell , regardless of your beliefs, 
  sounds like a solid business idea , you keen ? 
  what do you use for the wec ? 
  dammit i was going for that, 
  i can do anything that does n't involve actual talent, 
  we need synergy, 
  see i 'm the opposite - i love having someone firmly on the left who does n't have such a centrist identity crisis as labour does . 
  i mean , if we had a split with labour and had something like social democrats where the greens are now then i 'd be fine with the greens becoming just environmental , but as it is now i want them to stay put, 
  apparently she 's pro-brexit , but i dunno how true that is, 
  spark [ sounds like ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/business/industries/92271651/sky-tv-slashes-fan-pass-sports-service?cid=facebook.post.92271651 ) they 're keen :, 
   moutter indicated last month that it would be interested in wholesaling a sports-only online service such as fan pass . 
  they 've made a post saying they 've heard and are listening , but have n't given any specifics since spez has been on holiday, 
   add spoiler title hiding the spoiler tag is designed to hide content , not the title . 
  that 's what it does on mobile , at least . 
  with regards to this , people who post topics with spoilers tend to also have spoilers in the title . 
  i think something for it would be good personally, 
  / u/apteryxmantelli / u/tacticalnucleardildo / u/mrcyn since y' all were so anti-css in the last thread , care to give your input on where we can improve it so you 're more likely to use it ? 
  so wait , we 're designated survivor now ? 
  cancer is an absolute prick . 
  my grandmother died when i was nine , my grandfather two weeks before i was born , both from it . 
  i started to list more relatives , but then i realised i 've lost way too many people to cancer and the post was getting depressing .
