  removed , posting personal information ( emails , phone numbers etc ) is a violation of reddit 's site-wide rules, 
  yep - went out birdlings flat way and saw a massive cloud bank along the horizon . 
  then the cloud bank started getting brighter , and i realised it was n't clouds at all . 
  could see a decent glow the whole night, 
  i suppose it could kind of maybe come under the crowdfunding rule , but there is n't a set rule at this point ( hence why i removed it for the email instead of for being an ad . ), 
  i 'd be a bit hesitant about it though , since if we 're not specific enough then stuff like the nz music month what 's on today post or posts about meetups would technically be breaking the rules too, 
  you want to get to as dark a sky as possible , with a south-facing viewpoint . 
  in chch the best place to go is around lake ellesmere / birdlings flat , on the way to akaroa , since you 've got the port hills and banks peninsula between you and the city lights . 
  as far as the aurora side of things goes , we 're normally too far north . 
  last night was the first time i 've ever actually seen the aurora with my eyes instead of a camera , and even then it was just a glow . 
  best bet is to check an aurora forecast website ( i use [ this one ] ( http://www.aurora-service.net/aurora-forecast/ ) - the higher the number the more likely you are to see an aurora . ), 
  you 'd need about a 7 or 8 to stand a chance at seeing it , which is very rare . 
  / u/mamba _ 79 can probably answer better than i can , and is hopefully planning another reddit trip out at some point . 
  yeah , eliazabeth moss plays zoey bartlett ( the president 's youngest ) on the west wing and peggy olson ( one of the main characters ) in mad men, 
  it 's not just taking light from a live feed like your eye does , it 's taking light continuously for 20 seconds and then putting it into a single frame . 
  so since there 's a lot more light , a lot more detail shows up, 
  whereabouts in the country did you take this ? 
   hopefully they have a backup of the old one . 
  should be able to get to it through the history of changes , and restore it . 
  removed , rule 8, 
  it 's the first time i 've ever actually seen the aurora with my naked eye . 
  was a perfect storm on sunday - new moon , clear night , huge solar activity, 
  you can message the mods and ask for an exception, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  removed , rule 6, 
  if it 's any consolation , you still show up as having removed it, 
  there 's a difference between changing a headline and editorialising it . 
  changing it is fine , completely butchering it and adding a strong bias / opinion is n't, 
  aww come on , that 'd be something to remember . 
  now that you 've said that , someone 's bound to ask it in the ama ... 
   for purposes of full disclosure , i am at bfm . 
  any chance you 'd be able to message the mods with some form of proof , so that we can just make sure that you are who you say you are ? 
  if you do , we can give you a verified flair if you want, 
  some say that neither parent showed up to geonet 's birth ... 
  are we talking snowboarding or lavaboarding here ? 
  keep in mind we 've got a volcanologist ama in 2 weeks that 'll be able to answer that question and more, 
  [ this page should answer it nicely ] ( http://info.geonet.org.nz/display/volc/volcanic+alert+levels ) - it 's currently at a 2 , which means that there 's a fair bit of unrest but the volcano is n't actually erupting . 
  anything higher and we 've got an eruption on our hands, 
  2000 word essay due on friday , starting tomorrow, 
  civ vi announced , rip free time, 
  it 's expensive as fuck , but it 's gon na be oh so worth it, 
  oi , i 'm not power corrupt . 
  i take cash bribes only, 
  what about the two masterton shakes ? 
  looks like there was one about 40 minutes before the 5.2 which came in at about 4.7 . 
  i 'd have thought an aftershock would be smaller , or a foreshock would have been closer to the major earthquake ? 
  oh sorry , i was meaning the relation between the 5.2 this morning and the 4.7 about 40 minutes before it, 
  until the housing market collapses and they 're stuck with a mortgage three times the worth of the house, 
  plus it 's like $ 130 for the deluxe edition at the moment, 
  comes with a 25 years of civ soundtrack bonus and what looks like a season pass for the first four dlc, 
   and access to four post-launch dlc packs * that will add new maps , scenarios , civilizations and leaders for a bundled discount . 
  sounds like they 're not even sure . 
  i thought that was only the immortality ? 
  i mean , snr . 
  did n't keel over dead as soon as he left the temple , and indy 's still running around like he 's not 65, 
  just imagine a meeting between hunter and hellfire though, 
  damn that 's gorgeous, 
  which part is n't a word ? 
   petrol / diesel would be run out in 2 weeks, 
  have we still got the trains we phased out ? 
  might need to bring back coal trains to get stuff around the country . 
  i do n't know if they will after the thrashing i gave them, 
   i 've read enough articles about people dying from masonry on the outside of a building killing people fleeing while the interior was fine . 
  yep , this caused a couple deaths here in christchurch . 
  whereabouts were the first ones taken ? 
  looks like you 're way further around than normal, 
  what appexxd said, 
  we totally need a musical episode like psych now, 
  oh shit , that 'd make so much sense . 
  he never actually died , did he ? 
  he was just sucked into the wormhole , which could have easily spit him out into e-2 . 
  okay , that could be kind of cool . 
  as long as they have it as international and do n't just make it all in the us, 
  same here on the other side of the globe - by this time we 'd normally be getting single degree days here in nz , but it 's still around 20 degrees every day . 
  it 's fucking insane , never been this warm in the middle of may for ages . 
  not gon na blame it on global warming just yet ( other than the whole climate change causing more extreme weather patterns which contribute to it sort of thing ) but it 's definitely out of the ordinary . 
   no bots, 
  that 's the joke ... 
  has anyone found some youtube videos are suddenly not available ? 
  like , i was listening to some alabama shakes yesterday morning , came back after work and the video was n't available . 
  same with a couple of the zed videos i used for the nz music month post earlier, 
   ** ocean view ** beach, 
  as opposed to a beach where you ca n't see the ocean ? 
  jesus christ , i 'm trying to write an essay, 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  oi , read rule 3 . 
  mods , we need one of those super prediction flair things here, 
  until australia adopted the laser echidna or something, 
  that 's right , just keep thinking that . 
  definitely no space gunships here ... 
  i 've learnt so much about zealand in denmark this way, 
  oh my god it looks so awesome . 
  how is it so far ? 
  what 's the bet it 's reported to higher ups as * `` arrow continues to break records !, 
  i think you can , but i 'm not sure, 
  it 's a springbok , since that was the best pic of a gazelle i could find for a flair, 
  dammit , there goes my excuse, 
  hey , there 's still a month . 
  give me time . 
  oh nah i meant give me time to think of an excuse .
