   top.gear.polar.special, 
  ooh , a rock with a fossil in it !, 
  sounds like baz, 
  at this resolution i have no idea where pakistan 's fielders are , they all blend into the field, 
  seems to be varying between 240 and 480 , depending on internet speed, 
  that ball went from good to bad fairly quickly, 
  who do i need to talk to to get afridi 's visa revoked ? 
  you obviously have n't been to a speedway . 
  they 're half the fun, 
  spend some time in wellington , it 's awesome . 
  if you get a good day , grab fish n ' chips in island bay and eat it on the beach , you can see the kaikouras, 
  congrats on finally moving out - i 've been asked to help a certain mutual friend think of stuff to give you too as a flatwarming gift , so feel free to suggest stuff for me to pass along to her . 
  pretty sure it was you she was on the phone to when i was on break today too - talking about moving out and a voice that sounds familiar from the podcast, 
  the ingen flair suddenly makes a lot more sense, 
  oh i 'm not the one asking , she 's wanting to get some . 
  i was just seeing whether there was anything you needed . 
  and she 's very persistent , she tried to offer me u2 tickets the other day as a late christmas / thank you present . 
  you should definitely get a rice cooker , by the way . 
  and as a white person , i can confirm that i eat rice . 
  you 're welcome, 
  nah , like i said i was in the room . 
  i came in halfway through and she had you on speaker since she was the only one in the room . 
  every second wednesday for me , though it normally does n't go in until thursday, 
  what happened to episode 10 ? 
  there is no best case scenario in something like that, 
  if it makes you feel better , the weather is shit here in chch, 
  jesus , my furthest city is 19,933 km away . 
  that must be pretty damn near antipodal, 
  kia ora from the other side of the world !, 
  dunedin is very scottish . 
  iirc they have the most pipe bands per capita , their rugby team is called the highlanders , and they 're the location of the only castle in new zealand . 
  or you make it sound fancy . 
  a mate of mine was a paper boy , and put down '' [ local paper ] , distribution wing '' on his cv for it, 
   so you think that the us should sever ties with a country that settles their land, 
  except it 's not their land , according to the treaty which created their state as a whole . 
  i reckon they 'll eventually get independence , whether it 's a smaller regional thing like scotland 's bid or part of a wider devolution of the spanish state , given the number of other separatist movements ( though as i understand it they 're not as prevalent as the catalan one , right ? ), 
  but given prior to the treaty israel did n't even exist , surely then all of the land would be palestinian instead of all of it being israeli ? 
  ah , the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_separatist_movements_in_europe#spain ) has separatist movements for most of the country , so i was n't sure . 
  as for the last comment about the proxy war , pretty much the basis behind it is that the shia/sunni conflict is doubling as a proxy war between iran and saudi arabia , given they are the major shia and sunni powers in the region respectively . 
  basically it means that while saudi arabia sponsors sunni groups and supports sunni governments and all that , iran does the same with shia groups . 
  hezbollah , the assad regime , the houthis and so on are all supported by or allied in some manner to iran , while saudi arabia is actively fighting them ( in the case of the houthis ) or supporting groups doing so ( such as rebel groups in syria . ), 
  there 's a bit more nuance and complexity to it ( when i say a bit , it 's a fair bit ) but that 's the basic gist of it . 
  that does n't mean there was n't an uprising , people can still see the government as legitimate and protest for change . 
  many people here in nz did just that when they wanted to oppose a recent trade deal, 
  what 's the motivation behind it , then ? 
  as an outsider to the conflict , it does look fairly well drawn along sectarian lines . 
  i remember learning about it back years ago , it was one of the first things we learnt in history . 
  reason being it was fairly significant for nz foreign policy and marked a turning point in our outlook . 
  prior to it we were very much `` britain of the south seas , '' but the americans helped us out a fair bit during ww2 and were the new hegemon , so the suez crisis forced us to essentially decide between our old empire or the new ally . 
  forced us to develop our new independent foreign policy , and set us on the course for where we are now . 
  amazing to think how something to unrelated to us could have such an impact, 
  are there any teething issues that we could expect , or is it pretty much all done now ? 
  i played a couple games today , and was getting huge lag spikes and loss which made it worse to play than centra, 
  that 'd be more like 5000 years , would n't it ? 
  3000 you 'd probably be looking at someone like ramses or king solomon or something, 
  i think that 's ramses too , just an old-fashioned name for him, 
  the chathams ? 
  or niue ? 
  yeah , that sounds about as much as i did . 
  the base css was from / r/dscvry , the central header is from / r/space , link filter a mix of / r/vexillology and / r/worldnews , sidebar copied from / r/canada , / r/scotland , / r/europe and elsewhere , sidebar pic from / r/cricket , and so on . 
  pretty sure / u / - halcyon took stuff from a bunch of places too, 
  made the mistake of getting in an argument on a default about israel , palestine , and the middle east today . 
  not gon na make that mistake again in a hurry , god some people have some fucked up views . 
  default subreddit , known for many people with abhorrent world views . 
  you get subscribed by default , so there 's a mixed bag of absolutely everyone on the site . 
  dive into the comments on any story relating islam on / r/worldnews and you 'll see what i mean, 
  whoops , forgot to respond . 
  not sure how well it 'd respond to cropping down to size , given the plains and the sky are what make the image and you 'd probably only just get both , but i 'll give it a shot over on / r/nzcss . 
  figured as much , but was n't certain . 
  do you reckon they 'd gain more traction if catalonia won its independence ? 
   this is a head-scratcher for me too . 
  declaring independence is a repudiation of the law of the country you 're seceding from . 
  to me , then , saying `` you 're not legally allowed to leave '' is more or less just equivalent to saying `` we 'll probably try to stop you from leaving . '', 
  the law can be enforced if and only if the secession can be prevented , and [ edit : the existence of the law ] does n't really bear on the question of whether it can be prevented . 
  i 've wondered about this too . 
  my take on it is that if they did try to go it alone you 'd end up with something similar to the whole serbia / kosovo deal , where the secessionist state does n't get international recognition due to objection from the state they left . 
  given how arbitrary the concept of a state is when you get to the messy end , spain alone saying `` nah '' could be enough to severely derail new catalonia 's development as an independent state, 
  fuck yeah , i did n't screw up automod . 
  the daily is now stickied and flaired automatically, 
  you 're missing another notfound are n't you ? 
  that political map is really interesting . 
  normally you see some sort of regional division ( urban vs rural , or north vs south or whatever ) but there does n't seem to be any pattern to the votes in that election other than the regional basque and catalan parties . 
  is there any reason behind that ? 
  i was worried about that , hopefully people will get used to it though since it 'll always be in the same place, 
  i 'd say another 10 % personally - kiwisaver helps for a first home or retirement , but you 're still screwed if you have an unexpected cost come up . 
  sod off, 
   but he is extremely likely to get that anyway, 
  not if my games are anything to go off - always rush the shrine and get beaten to desert folklore, 
  pfft , mods are n't allowed to be * off the internet *, 
  i remember hearing about a guy from lincoln that got a scholarship which said you had to be a girl to get it, 
  i swear everyone knows someone in here, 
  i know , i 've asked for help on the automod subreddit . 
  everything i read said that it should only replace the bottom thread . 
  gon na have a look now and see if there 's a way it can be set to only replace its own posts , so if we need both slots it does n't keep replacing every twelve hours, 
  i thought the lady was freaking out that she 'd put the kid into after school care , not that they were home alone, 
  hamilton , not southland . 
  be the change you want to see in the world , or something like that, 
  sorry , i 've been meaning to update it . 
  need to get onto sorting out the wiki , too . 
  it 's still on the index wiki page if you click the wiki bit up the top,
