  i got all excited that someone thought i was better than someone and then i saw the `` one of '', 
  yeah , massey was definitely a hoax imo . 
  vic maybe-probably . 
  not sure about otago though , it 's possible they were planning it but backed down when there was such a big police presence . 
  hey / u/airz23 , did you check under the couch for the missing keyboards ? 
  essay saga day 8 : got sidetracked and spent all of yesterday playing civ 5 . 
  still three essays to complete, 
  u2 - where the streets have no name, 
  u2 - breathe, 
  u2 - beautiful day, 
  rolling stones - start me up, 
  kings of leon - crawl, 
  inxs - new sensation, 
  the raspberries - go all the way, 
  are there any more like the second one ? 
  i could have sworn i remember seeing some in that sort of retro pastel style as opposed to the game render , but i ca n't find any of them again, 
  they 've got such a huge discography that there 's almost always a song for a theme , so it 's not so much that they 're the only band i listen to as they 're the only one which always fits, 
  i 've got 2500 hours on it and a further 1500 modding it ( with over 100 mods to show for it ) , no need to tell me - although it did just help me get bonus points in an essay , so there is that . 
  that 's the plan , we 're also looking into separate banners / submission stuff for subscribers and non-subscribers to try and provide some tailored advice to people asking this sort of question . 
  we 're also looking at setting up the wiki alongside the mods , which will likely need to be a wider community thing than just us ( since there 's a fair chunk of stuff to do ), 
  * `` so i called up the mo-ods ,, 
  said `` please give me my life '', 
  they said , `` you have n't had a social life since 1969 '', 
  and still those voices are calling from faaaar away, 
  you 're waking up in the middle of the night, 
  just so you can play !, 
  are they for all event flairs ever or all since someone has joined the game ? 
  working , yay retail . 
  might go on a road trip up the north island in jan if i can find mates willing to go too, 
  do n't worry , it 'll still bring out the worst in people, 
  i kind of feel like adding a springbok flair for you with the new css now, 
  maybe post a link to the / r/rugbyunion thread instead ? 
   * subreddit css - posted sometime in the past . 
  just a heads up with this , we 're almost at a point where we 'll be posting a final topic to get feedback and call in people to hunt for bugs . 
  just need to finalise some stuff and add in some more features . 
  meantime , if anyone has suggestions / flair requests / feedback about the current design ( viewable at / r/nzcss ) feel free to reply here or in one of the topics over there . 
  / u / - halcyon and i do need your feedback , since you 're the ones that 'll have to put up with it when we 're done . 
  i know / u/dead _ rooster has already given up giving us feedback , so he 's no help , but anyone else would be appreciated . 
  cheers , did n't realise we still need to update the nsfw image, 
  probably the closest we have is [ waihopai spy base ] ( http://img.newstalkzb.co.nz/media/6868348/gcsb-waihopai-valley-spy-base-schutz-via-wikimedia.jpg?mode=crop&amp;width=675&amp;height=379&amp;quality=80&amp;scale=both ) - it 's run by our gcsb , who have been embroiled in controversy for being in bed with the nsa , and is the most high profile secret base in the country . 
  plus it 's close to blenheim , which is weird enough to quality, 
  jokes on you , it did n't break, 
  but you said it was * that * pic of nz from space , not * a * pic of nz from space . 
  * that * pic of nz from space is [ this pic of nz from space ] ( http://www.nasa.gov/images/content/165239main_s116e05983_hires.jpg ) , not the pic of nz from space that you called that pic of nz from space , therefore that title of a pic of nz from space is misleading . 
  looks like it was removed , seems the mods are power mad over there, 
  i was going to go with mr. four square , but a sheep works too, 
  nah , i bet they just banned you for being a kiwi, 
  that 's the goal , we 're planning to implement a flair filter and a flair search , so you can either have no politics or just politics or whatever , we just need to clear up the sidebar and move some of that stuff to the wiki . 
  the / r/nzcss wiki should be publicly editable if you had time to make a start and set some stuff up on there . 
  closest one would be rule 6 , but i do n't know whether this is editorialised so much as misleading . 
  awesome , i was going to do one but could n't be bothered ( and have essays to write ) but this is decent enough . 
  you did miss out the hal jordan thing though , and i was going to make a force comment when darhk stopped the arrow , plus `` lance you shunofabitch '' with the ending , but that 's just differences of choice for all that . 
  definitely a good first shot though, 
  65 cents !, 
  bloody hell , where do i sign up ? 
  i 'm gon na second this now , given the daily had over 500 comments already . 
  having somewhere for new stuff to go after 5pm might be useful, 
  i 'm starting to wonder whether we should have the community vote for some maps to enter a trial rotation or whatever . 
  i 'm not sure whether the mtc is just out of touch with what sort of maps are liked or whether they do n't give a shit / take their job seriously , but the last four or so threads have had such disappointing results and have added pretty average maps compared to some of the ones which were on the list . 
  in the past four threads , only three maps have been added , two of which went straight to the bottom of the ratings and have consistently stayed there while getting huge negative feedback . 
  in the same length of time four maps have been removed , all but one of which rate higher than every single map added since . 
  now , in this map thread so far there 's only one map with a positive vote count , out of the dozens of maps which were submitted - not saying all of them were decent ( mine was pretty rubbish ) - but regardless , there were many more maps which scored higher on the community vote and were better maps than what has made it through - birch was negative even during the first map phase , yet because the mtc thought it was funny it made it through instead of a better map . 
  none of these maps scored higher than 5 in the first thread , while at least ten other maps scored higher than them and had more positive feedback from the community . 
  one or two bad threads i can overlook . 
  but as of late it seems as though good threads are the exception , not the norm . 
  as i said , i 'm not sure what the reason is , but it 's definitely something which needs addressing if the mtc still wants the community to have faith in it . 
  i remember one question where all the answers were valid options , but only one was legally required . 
  something like ` when should you dip your headlights ' and the options were ` when entering a town ' , ` when approaching a police checkpoint ' , ` when approaching another car ' and something else . 
  shit , when did war break out again ? 
  eh , do n't worry too much about us . 
  the ones that move to australia raise the iq of both countries, 
  yeah , new zealand . 
  it 's part of a controversial five-eyes intelligence agreement between the anglophone countries - nz , australia , the us , the uk and canada, 
  i 'm not using it as an indicator of map quality , i 'm using it as an indicator of community opinion towards a map . 
  admittedly it 's not perfect as / u/daevil1 pointed out with rush , but given you 've got three out of the five maps which you 've chosen that scored relatively poorly and are now past the negative threshold for hiding comments it 'd be at least an indicator that something 's not quite right, 
  got word the other day that i 'm going to need all four wisdom teeth out , this should be fun ... 
  on the up side , the nobel prize committee just helped me with my essay by recognising a tunisian civil society group , and i got my marks back for last term 's history essay ( 1 % off of an a + , but with positive comments about my potential in the field ), 
  the whole of google drive is down at the moment , it 's not just 3z 's map thing, 
  maybe have a couple playthroughs so people get used to the map and get a feel for it ? 
  zombie internment camps at christmas island ? 
  is there any chance of getting specific feedback if we ask about a map that 's not on there ? 
  okay , thanks . 
  [ here 's the one i submitted ] ( http://unfortunate-maps.jukejuice.com/show/15332 ) - it was my first shot at making a proper map , so i 'd be delusional if i was expecting anything close to a glowing review . 
  submitted it hoping i 'd be able to get some feedback so i know what to work on , but did n't get anything at all so anything is going to be better than that . 
   - [ and just everything about this comment is asinine/insulting . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/tagpro/comments/3o2g1x/map_thread_54_top_maps_feedback_thread/cvtiag5 ), 
  okay yeah , sorry about that post . 
  read back over it today and it was definitely too inflammatory and did n't get the point across properly . 
  my main point was that given the reaction to the recent maps , as well as the current votes of the top maps in this thread and the lack of maps to be added recently , there seems to be a disconnect with the mtc and the community . 
  i get that using votes as a gauge of community opinion is n't perfect , but to discount it completely would be just as bad as far as i 'm concerned . 
   and it 's from mapmakers who missed out on top maps and are too blind too see their opinions on maps are arbitrary and somewhat biased . 
  i submitted one map , which i was under no illusion about and did n't expect it to make the cut . 
  i was mainly hoping to get some feedback on it , given normally most of the maps there get a decent amount of exposure and comments on them . 
  the fact that i submitted a map should n't mean that my criticism is any less valid , and i 'd have the same concerns even if i had n't submitted anything . 
  as i mentioned in passing in my first post , the last map threads have all seen the number of maps decrease ( except for # 50 , which added dz4 and did n't remove anything ) . 
  in the past ten map threads , only three have added more maps than they removed . 
  i 'm not trying to argue that the maps should n't have been removed or anything like that , but rather that it gets a bit frustrating to see map thread after map thread where dozens of maps are submitted , get very little feedback and then only one or two end up being added . 
  i think it 's a bit harsh to blame the mapmakers for their maps not being up to scratch when they do n't know where they 're going wrong , which i think is part of the issue that 's leading to the lack of maps being added . 
  ultimately , i get that the maps as they stand in the thread might just not be good enough to advance , but rather than no word on why the maps are n't good enough it would be good to be able to say to the mapmakers what needs to be worked on so that the calibre of maps as a whole is able to improve , and hopefully more interesting and diverse maps are able to make it into rotation as a result . 
  i think ball-e 's top map tournament is a good start , but maybe even taking a larger list at first of the maps which have potential and give feedback on them first , then shorten that down to the 4v4 maps when the adjustments have been made .
