  oh nah , that was a pathetic attempt at self-deprecating humour, 
  nah , some places like / r/geopolitics have it built in through the two letters at the front and the use of a button in the sidebar , which is what i was going for . 
  chur , i 'm just trying to keep the place in one piece at the moment . 
  almost feel like a damage control post for the damage control post is needed, 
  oh right , so probably the same 30 minutes i was following it each time . 
  i was n't involved in / r/area64 , but if it helps i 'm trying to sort all this shit out now, 
  damn straight i did , you were my today in history bro way back when, 
  whoop whoop, 
  yeah , i 'm working on it . 
  fuck yeah - you 're tagged as me owing you a pint , for some reason, 
  we just assumed it was urcox 's troll trying to create nuisance , did n't expect it to become such a huge shitstorm . 
  figured that if we just ignored him he 'd go away for a bit like usual, 
  ^ oh ^ shit ^ she ^ heard ^ me, 
  fuck not this again, 
  yeah , it was . 
  i 'm trying my best to keep it together , but i have no idea what people want me to do . 
  do i make yet another post , do i wait and see if it blows over ? 
  do we need to have a talk about this place beyond the scope of today 's drama ? 
  where the hell have you been ? 
  you 're normally always online , yet you seemed to miss everything today, 
  you 'll get them , okay . 
  just stop planning meetups when i have shit on, 
  fuck , after dealing with this shit i could use a drink . 
  sounds like a plan, 
  nah , we 've got to make the mod bribery painfully obvious, 
  again , to clarify : it was n't the mods , it was a bunch of the old hands , of which two were mods . 
  the rest of us on the team were n't involved at all, 
  is the night rider still going , or have they stopped that again ? 
  chur , it 's far from my first rodeo so i 've got experience with it . 
  just hope this place gets back to normal , i like it here, 
  it should n't be too much more , just a darker revamp for a nm . 
  prefix and the corresponding no politics mode . 
  might be a couple more headers though, 
  it depends on the capacity of it . 
  i have n't seen the full story and as such i ca n't comment on that side of it . 
  the job is tough fairly often , there 's a hell of a lot of grey area . 
  i know i 've asked for advice before , from people with experience both inside and outside the moderation team . 
  i do n't have an issue with asking for advice on how to handle certain situations , especially if it means we reach a better solution . 
  i do have an issue if it 's a more master-of-puppets kind of thing , where people are telling them who to ban or what to remove or whatever . 
  nobody outside of the moderation team is accountable for that , and as such nobody outside of the moderation team should have a say in it . 
  but like i 've said , i 've got no idea of the extent to which they were involved , and so i ca n't definitively say either way what my stance is . 
  sod off, 
  thanks , it 's tough to try and juggle everything . 
  think i 'm gon na head off for the night and hope the place does n't self destruct, 
  a toasted sandwich would be killer right about now , but i never know the right cheese to use . 
  plus we have no white bread , which is what you want for a toasted sandwich . 
  none of this wholegrain crap, 
  no worries , thanks for being reasonable about it . 
  i do n't think the mods should be off hiding in an ivory tower or any of that shit , i 'm not going to wait and hide out to hope it all blows over . 
  if people have genuine grievances then i want to be able to hear them and alleviate their concerns . 
  there 's no hope of making the place any better otherwise , which would be a real shame, 
  the place falls apart without you !, 
  you have n't even got the proper css on there, 
  yeah , but that goes without saying . 
  it was a fun day , to say the least, 
  we did n't put an exception to mod approved crowdfunding in so that we can let our mates do it , we did it so that we can judge each one on its own merits . 
  paul 's one was painting murals in low decile schools , which is a damn good cause . 
  same with the beach . 
  we want to be able to have ones like that on here , but avoid the constant `` pls help i need money '' posts . 
  same reason we 've got the editorialised title thing, 
   ... and it looks the account has been deleted , my gut feeling is to want to know the person is okay and will still be living and breathing with us in the morning . 
   if someone can indicate that 's the case that 'd be great . 
  it may sound ott but i do n't care . 
  smaller things have led to bigger problems being solved in irreversible ways . 
  you 'd need to ask / u/dead _ rooster , i believe he has balchy 's contact info, 
  nah , hamilton just declared independence . 
  i was the one that changed it to mod approval , the others were n't involved . 
  i can personally guarantee that i did n't do it because i wanted there to be a loophole for a mate , i did it because his post pointed out that there is some genuine good that crowdfunding can do , and to have a blanket ban on them means that we ca n't be part of it . 
  is there a screenshot i have n't seen or something ? 
  i hope you do n't think i 'm trying to instigate a cover up or any of that shit , having a mod exception to the rule is n't unusual - we 've got the same thing for bots . 
  it happened when paul was wanting to post because that brought up the idea that not all crowfunding requests are going to be the same blatant money-grabs, 
  no politics . 
  something 's not right here ... where 's / u/honourandsacrifice ? 
  all his posts are gone ... 
  oh come on . 
  there 's nothing in there about them actively changing it for paul 's ones , just discussing the rule change . 
  and if you think that we should n't be allowed to ask for advice then i may as well resign now too . 
  the only bit that might be a bit questionable is dr 's `` obviously i want paul 's one there , because i know and like him , '' and i 'm not quite sure it 's as bad as you think . 
  i took that to be that he knows and trusts paul that he 's actually good for it , and he 's not trying to scam / r/nz out of money . 
  which is a legit concern for someone we do n't know . 
  god i hope so . 
  i 'm getting tired of having to try fix shit, 
  yeah , but they 're not always as much of a big regular as hans is, 
  after a certain point in time i get where you 're coming from , but clearing out every single post and starting from scratch ? 
  fair enough , i hope you 're right . 
  it 'd be a shame to see him go, 
  i 'd just like to quickly thank everyone who offered their support yesterday , it meant a lot and helped me actually keep trying to sort it all out . 
  here 's hoping things slowly get back to usual, 
  oh boy , did you miss it ? 
  secret old boys club got exposed , rioting broke out and balchy ended up quitting reddit ( again , though it looks like for good this time . ), 
  i spent the whole day trying to keep the place intact, 
  in our hearts ? 
  god i love flying , for just this reason . 
  being able to sit there and literally watch the world go by is just so fucking cool . 
  not necessarily , there were people with genuine grievances about the mod team , and in order to properly mod this subreddit we need to know what those are and how to go about fixing them . 
  yeah , but that was n't everyone . 
  there were some people that were justifiably annoyed , and we should address them . 
  [ post 1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/498u0o/area64_power_users_and_account_security/ ) and [ post 2 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/49bn83/sorry/ ) - there was a bit in the pm daily yesterday , but that was more commenting on the thing as a whole, 
  oh good , that 's the main thing, 
  yeah , it did n't look like it was based on what i saw , but i was more giving my thoughts on the matter in a general sense , like what / u/murl proposed .
