  edit : added some more, 
  edit 2 : some more still . 
  should i keep going ? 
  wow , i remember when 600k nz was 300k us ... we 've done well, 
  where in the country is that ? 
  i work at the mall down in christchurch and most of the time the only busy places in the food court are mcdonald 's and kfc . 
  i usually buy food about half the time from mcdonald 's and then get indian food the rest of the time, 
  ah , that explains it . 
  i do n't think malls do that well outside of the big cities , do they ? 
  this is why i say ` when pigs fly ' instead, 
  it helps that i 'm working on a mod for civilization v that adds a bunch of african civs . 
  iirc , the word for a tank is * panzerkampfwagen * - literally armoured fighting car, 
  that really annoyed me , not for anything to do with the hair itself , but that the guy 's father was likening him to mlk and gandhi . 
  great human rights stuggles of the ages :, 
  - black civil rights movement, 
  - indian independence movement, 
  - the right to long hair . 
  one of these is not like the other . 
   and they clearly have a major presence on reddit too , according to those stats . 
  no they do n't , you 're being misled by the admins . 
  please return to your everyday ~ ~ obedience ~ ~ free life , citizen . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ who ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ gave ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ area ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 51 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ internet ? 
  question , what happens in states where possession is illegal but medicinal use is n't ? 
  would they get let off with possession , or charged for it ? 
  change the flair to solved , i think, 
  wait , what ? 
  new season ? 
  when ? 
  he might actually make some of your congressmen look good . 
  that 's the point of it . 
  you look at the post , say ` wtf ' and then it makes sense once you click on the link . 
  so you 're taking the posts out of context, 
  i dunno , i reckon it means we 're definitely getting an album before 2016 , given the concert would likely be in the middle of a tour and they would n't release an album during a tour . 
  she was the president of nicaragua for three days, 
  we did it , reddit !, 
  any chance you 'd be able to include some regional swearwords in a future version ? 
  i mean , bugger is probably about as close to a swearword here as hell is in the states , bastard too . 
  only if john key gets his way ... 
  iirc it was a 737 , virgin australia, 
  nah , some toshiba laptop that went on sale for $ 250 cheaper two weeks after i bought it, 
  in the words of morgan freeman , the universe is not full of northern europeans . 
  uh-oh , japan has wmds . 
  makes the trip just * fly * by , does n't it ? 
  ^ i 'll ^ show ^ myself ^ out, 
  when i went past a couple years back there was n't any snow . 
  admittedly i only saw the south side from the window of a bullet train , so it 's possible the snow would be on the far side ( which faces away from the sun ), 
  parachutes are under the seat in front of you , and your seat cushion acts as a flotation device . 
  we thank you for flying virgin australia , goodbye . 
  i had no issues at all with it . 
  took a couple minutes to start up , but then worked just as good as it does on my desktop , even with maxed out graphics . 
  have n't done anything to it either , just bought it , installed and played . 
  are all your drivers up to date ? 
  i love it . 
  throw in a bit of smooth jazz , and the window seat is one of my favourite places in the world to be, 
  wait , where did you get that from ? 
  should have gotten great generals and used citadels , only two would steal five of his forts . 
  absolutely, 
  wait . 
  nosteam ... no steam ... no steam . 
  do n't know how i missed that , thanks !, 
  given the flight path was the two end points with about 2000km of ocean in the middle , i do n't think that would work, 
  i wish , but i 'll wait for be for that, 
  i care :(, 
  nah , the only mouse i had was a wireless one , which i could n't use on the plane . 
  was n't any room for it in any case, 
  just call me daedalus, 
  i was going to post a picture of me working on my next mod , but it did n't really look like anything more than text on a screen, 
  not if the two-state solution went back to the 1967 lines, 
  it 's about 8 hours normally , drops to 4 if i 'm playing something like civ, 
  ^ ^ but ^ ^ i ^ ^ like ^ ^ upvotes ^ ^ :(, 
  i did n't finish the game , but i think it would be, 
  in that case , you 'd probably compromise . 
  both palestine and israel want region a and region b ? 
  one gets a , the other b. 
  is it people getting more conservative though , or is it that younger people 20-30 years ago were more conservative and they 've now grown up ? 
  i love / r/imaginarycityscapes the most , there 's some awesome artwork on it, 
  at least he wo n't have his change thrown at him, 
  i think your tinfoil hat is a bit loose, 
  he noticed it whilst browsing an / r/civ thread, 
  i thought you were going to be the cool airplane company , who had glass ceilings and proper seats . 
  i hope this is just the patent for a gym full of exercise bikes and the image is misleading . 
  it 's still a far cry from the caliphates of old though , which controlled the entirety of iraq right through to southern spain , all of north africa , the red sea coast of saudi arabia and up to southern turkey, 
  which is exactly why we need r&d - we can find cheaper ways to do the same thing, 
   the answer is actually pretty mundane . 
  it happens to be my opinion that the party is in fact not doing well . 
  indeed , i think it is at something of a low . 
  is n't that the textbook definition of a bias ? 
  you do n't agree with something , so you do n't report it ? 
  hypothetically , could the queen step in above the governor general ? 
  i mean , the reason i ask is my train of thought went from this to laws enacting a dictatorship ( which is n't the point here , it just came from governing alone ) and the requirement that all laws need to be signed off by the governor general on behalf of the queen . 
  so , assuming that , in a very far-fetched ( hopefully ) scenario , national governs alone and has a pro-national gg . 
  they propose and pass a law banning other political parties , which the pro-national gg would sign off on . 
  can the queen step in and dismiss it , in place of the gg ? 
  i reckon the greens are going to do better compared to labour this year . 
  while it might be a bit extreme to say they 'll surpass labour as the major left wing party , they seem to be doing an overall better job than labour at this point . 
  name a game show from nz , ever , that has been worth watching, 
  there was that hottest home baker thing , which had a woman and colin mathura-jeffree , who is n't white and has an ambiguous sexuality . 
  he was also on nz 's next top model , which was presented by sara tetro . 
  maybe the fact that you can only remember reality shows with swm presenters says more about you than nz media ? 
  other than the expanded map , which i keep going on about so i wo n't bother with ( tl ; dr : southern hemisphere , please !,
