  no douglas adams ? 
  there 's something weird with this post - it 's been caught in the spam filter , but i ca n't for the life of me approve it . 
  is it showing up for anyone ? 
  only one vote in it at the moment , 45-44, 
  my issue with it was that it felt too perfect and clean . 
  you could tell the effort had gone in to making it as well produced and mixed as possible , but it almost went too far . 
  look at their early stuff , all of it still has a slightly raw edge that 's lacking in soi . 
  think of as like a city or something . 
  you can get the best city planners , builders , architects and so on and create a masterpiece . 
  but it still needs that off-beat , hand-built side of things to give it the soul . 
  soi is that great city , it just lacks the cool back alleyways and underground stuff that you 'd get in some of the earlier records, 
  i was waiting for the mash reference to turn into one of their psych convos like that, 
  author here , i wonder if i could get it to work without australia , now that the nubia dlc has it too it must be in the actual files, 
  pfft , you aucklanders, 
  same down in chch, 
  it 's a bit of a catch-22 - we only get the same people because other people are put off because we only get the same people ... 
  it 's happened before , led to the resignation of a mod and multiple users deleting their accounts, 
  we call those the centre-right here, 
  i think they were addressing your point about it relating to nz life in general, 
  we demand sacrifice of at least a white bull, 
  it is in the scheme of things, 
  even relative to new zealand , it 's still part of the same volcanic zone, 
  hah , you 're all good, 
  i 've been told you can , do n't know how true that is, 
  report shit please, 
   this is n't really the case in nz so far , but who knows, 
  it was back at the start , when maori outnumbered european settlers . 
  hell , depending on the rent they might even be cheaper, 
  i figured it 's because they were exploring africa when it came into use , so it was clear just how * big * it was , compared to asia, 
  i 've heard the mixing is miles better on vinyl compared to the cd , is that true ? 
  i preferred rainy night in soho , but this is pretty cool still, 
  did n't the pogues open for them too ? 
  it 'd explain rainy night in soho, 
  more importantly , when the greens win is metiria or james going to be prime minister ? 
  it 's been a thing since the game was released - it makes sense for it to be a bug , but i do n't mind it, 
   voted, 
  i 'd say italy would be closer ? 
  i still like the idea of the flags all being related , which would entail a straight division between the southern cross and the rest of the flag , but if it had that i 'd be all over this flag, 
  yo , you 're shadowbanned . 
  hit up the admins or / r/amishadowbanned to find out more, 
  no shit , you too ? 
  what i like about it is that ( to the best of my knowledge ) the band had nothing to do with it , so they 'd be feeling the same as we all were seeing them, 
  i 'm about to board a plane , youse are on your own, 
  shit i have a dissertation to write , do n't say that, 
  never played it , but always will have a soft spot for it after / r/place, 
  though at this point , a lower party vote does n't matter so long as they retain the electorate seats . 
  i think you 'd be better splitting than dissolving altogether - have the proper centre left lot go to social democrats or whatever , and labour itself goes back to a workingman 's party, 
  any chance of a rip ? 
  instructions unclear , started a freezing works, 
  they could n't have done this six months ago , they 'd have had to go through the primary process and they 'd just end up with another union hack, 
  both of you calm the fuck down, 
  not only that , iirc it 's part of labours constitution, 
  i 'm hoping the rumoured soe single drops and it replaces little things . 
  other than that , keep asoh and maybe add a bit more r&h , but i 'm fairly happy . 
  more variation would always be nice though , and i 'd love them to go full on el pueblo vencera with motd too, 
  what about like a song ? 
  would let them come out one by one like sbs does, 
  i was thinking love rescue me or hawkmoon 269 to open the encore, 
  that 's a fair point , though is n't that an issue with ooc / iwf or any bunch of the early stuff ? 
  okay , that 's fair . 
  would you consider acrobat to be similar ? 
  one will hear it, 
  i was born in 96 , i remember pre-9 / 11 going right up to the air bridge with dad before he was about to get on a flight half way around the world , no security or anything . 
  went back post and the whole area was all security and shit, 
  it 's almost as if coolness is subjective, 
  surely it 's got to be savage on name alone, 
  only have one more day in singapore , but have to say i 've been enjoying the constant 28-34 degrees . 
  have i missed anything interesting in the past couple days ? 
  why do you think that ? 
  they look amazing to me, 
  yeah , i got a bit of a lange vibe from some of them, 
  removing this under rule 5, 
  rule 6 is the editorialised one , rule 5 is duplicate posts - there 's already a post discussing this further up the subreddit, 
  also , does n't being at it 's lowest since 2008 just mean the last time it was lower was under labour ? 
  as someone on the left , can i apologise for this guy ? 
  we 're not all dickheads , promise, 
  what do you propose as an alternative to cars then , other than rail ? 
  fwiw the flair works in japanese too, 
  you misspelt seaplanes , did n't he / u/dirtyformal, 
  hovercrafts are just seaplanes that are too fat to fly properly, 
  last one sounds a hell of a lot like last night on earth imo, 
  this was a core part of how fdr got the us out of the great depression , he employed people who were otherwise out of work to build massive infrastructure projects . 
  it works fantastically , and is a great idea, 
   people should not run off to the doctor for a cold . 
  no , but proper cold medicine might have stopped it from getting worse, 
  it 's the same basic principle - employing otherwise unemployed people to do government projects . 
  also , ` dregs of society ? ', 
  really ? 
  surely everyone should be given the same shot , and any project to help people out of a job is a good one . 
  you 're providing them with work experience , training in areas currently in demand , and helping them re-adjust to working life . 
  i fail to see how this is a bad policy whatsoever . 
  i 'd also like to point out that when you say lowest in a decade , that means the last time it was lower was the last time labour was in power . 
  so did john key , did n't he ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think what she did in either circumstance is right , but i do think people should at least be consistent, 
  i kind of miss the ridiculousness of colin craig acting as a lightning rod for the crazies , but i 'm so glad they did n't make it in, 
  what the other guy said , he did n't live in helensville yet was enrolled there, 
  removed under rule 5, 
  i do n't remember seeing this at all , when did you do it ? 
  can you resend ? 
  ** the case of john key **,
