  the other parts are all the temptations of the place , and how you 're trying to resist them - * and though your soul it ca n't be bought / your mind can wander * - you have n't given in , but you 're thinking about it . 
  the chorus is calling out for help - * hello , hello !, 
  * - and talking more about temptation - * it 's everything i wish i did n't know *, 
  then there 's the * all of this , all of this can be yours * bit , which is a sort of ` come on , you know you want to give in ' type thing, 
  i 'm so excited now if that 's the direction they 're taking the album . 
  it 'd be awesome if we got a soe / achtung baby / zooropa concert type set thing . 
  reminds me of zoo station, 
  whoops , it 's supposed to go to here , try now, 
  anyone know of a tire place open today around chch ? 
  woke up to a flat , and the spacesaver is n't worth shit . 
  reminds me , i should probably join the aa . 
  keep forgetting to do that, 
   it 's unfortunate to say that this is arguably the last hit u2 has had . 
  going on this point , i think they really messed up the singles for nloth . 
  i can see both breathe and magnificent as being big , but they did n't hype them up nearly enough . 
  yeah , i 've got ami 's one , but the free eye check with aa might be worth it, 
  might work if i could see the damn thing, 
  no promises , but i 'll try my best . 
  do n't finish work until 6 anyway, 
  when you make a post , it should be on the same line as `` x comments '' - a link that says ` flair ' and lets you set the flair of a post . 
  removed , rule 6, 
  i kept up a bit , but gave up with the giant ark underground ( i think that 's what happened ), 
  maybe if he 'd flaired it properly, 
  that you 've completely fucked up somewhere financially ? 
  removed , rule 6, 
  did n't the poll before this show an increase for the left as well ? 
  looks like it 's starting to become less like they 're outliers and more like a proper trend . 
  here 's hoping cunliffe does n't screw it up by deciding he wants to be leader again, 
  send a message to the mods to sort it out, 
  see : * roastbusters *, 
  i still ca n't get over how poorly national has been handling the housing crisis . 
  as much as i hate their policies , for their entire term i 've admired how well they 've played the political game , so to speak . 
  case in point was last year 's budget - whip the left up in the buildup over child poverty , then come around with a broadside in the budget to address it and take the wind completely out of their sails . 
  they 've never seemed to be blindsided by anything , and normally change tact completely as soon as public opinion shifts , and had a firm control over the narrative . 
  with housing however , every single comment they make has them seem more out of touch and more on the wrong side of the issue . 
  the left is slowly getting its act together , but i feel like even when labour was reeling from david 's coup it 'd be able to spin circles around national the way they 're performing on it now, 
  i think in the context douchebag swimmer helps to establish which case he 's talking about , otherwise it could be any number of high profile rape cases . 
  that 's assuming it 'd make it to trial though , which does n't always happen, 
  we 've got a chromecast and an apple tv , and use the apple tv way more . 
  only thing i 'd suggest is that it works better if you 've got an ipad or something , since you can use that as the keyboard instead of the shitty minimalist remote, 
   maritime air force assets . 
  guess we 're not getting [ c-130 seaplanes ] ( http://foxtrotalpha.jalopnik.com/a-c-130-hercules-amphibian-makes-too-much-sense-to-be-t-1716610531 ) then :(, 
  to be fair , that 's not ad hominem . 
  it 's probably relative privation if anything, 
  i still reckon we found our own news site, 
  sean connery 's sandwich fansite ? 
  should n't that be new-tubs . nz then ? 
  would be a bit difficult given there is n't a members day every day, 
  oh shit , i was for sure certain it was going to go the other way , and vodafone was going to buy sky . 
  any word on when you 're gon na call it ? 
  would love to add you guys to the sidebar on / r/newzealand, 
  lol , if we were as pro-censorship as you think do you really think we 'd be letting you discuss censorship ? 
  as for your comment about john ( i swear he 's like our subreddit 's version of godwin 's law , but okay ) i 've never once removed a single political post outside of the daily , with the exception of posts which violate one of the rules ( normally rule 10 is the only one we get issues with ), 
  the removed comment was one of the most abhorrent things i 've read on this subreddit . 
  the shit it advocated has no place in any society , and should sure as hell not be given any leg to stand on . 
  we 're not normally ones to remove posts , but this was justified as fuck, 
  expos\u00e9s on shady skycity deals and investigative reports on the dark side of the prostitution industry ? 
  absolutely !, 
  i 'd love to take a look if you 're willing to share your maps, 
  for me it 'd have to go africa , vietnam , then a four way tie between the middle east , botswana , and both south american ones, 
  she 'll win the general , then what ? 
  unless democrats have a clean sweep and win everything , she 's not gon na have a snowball 's chance in hell of getting anything done - just look at obama , and add in the hatred the republicans have for hillary . 
  i 'd agree , but the fact that the largest military in the world and enough nukes to end the world are hinging on it make it terrifying, 
  are you implying trump would end the war in the middle east ? 
  because considering his gung-ho attitude to things like nuclear weapon use i 'd find that highly unlikely, 
  not just an american thing , we offer an nzdf discount at work ( along with discounts for damn near everyone else though ), 
  i feel like they were setting him up as the american kid as opposed to paige being brought into the kgb . 
  he was hanging out with stan , playing video games , watching movies etc. 
  - far less activism and community involvement than paige , and much more typical of america at the time . 
  maybe i 'm reading too much into it , but i doubt he 'd have been drinking heavily or been able to go home if he 'd gotten anything meaningful from william . 
  without hair full stop , or without doing up your hair ? 
  next season is cold war romeo and juliet - kids from an fbi and a kgb family just want to be together , but parents do n't approve, 
  so one day at work , one of the salespeople comes out the back and asks me and another guy if we knew the number for one of the finance companies we use . 
  neither of us did , so i said the pizza hut number , thinking he 'd laugh it off given he grew up in nz so there 's no way he would n't know the number . 
  of course i was wrong , he thanked me and went back out to the customers . 
  we followed , then saw as he rang them up , and promptly slammed the phone back down , all the while yelling `` that 's pizza hut 's number ! '', 
  us and the customers are all laughing , this guy genuinely believed that 0800 83 83 83 was the finance company number . 
  as i said in the op , the current night mode is a very early version and still completely a work in progress . 
  we 're planning to make the button a switch ( like the no politics one ) but i 'd forgotten how i did it the first time . 
  if you want to help you could check with / u/dirtyformal , and we 'll be able to add you over at / r/nzcss if he 's all cool with it, 
  please elaborate, 
  new kaleo album out today , not bad for only having two new songs on it . 
  some of the old ones have been redone too , which is cool, 
  what constitutes jamaican ingredients ? 
  if you were n't on a list before , i 'm pretty sure you are now, 
   * near * perfect, 
  it was awesome seeing guy essentially not give a shit and actually call her out on her bullshit . 
  there 's a gap in the industry for someone like that at the moment, 
  at least more than normally happens on tv at the moment . 
  normally you 'd just get softball questions and maybe a bit of probing , but guy full-on said ` why are you saying this when it 's obviously rubbish ', 
  whoops , sorry . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://store.warnermusic.com/a-b-cd-1.html ) a track list that should n't be region locked . 
  i have the 2013 album , but the 2016 album is either not on that website or is region locked , which is why i 'm asking . 
  it 's at the top of the chart on [ this page ] ( http://www.icelandicmusic.com/music/chartlist.aspx?id=271 ) but nothing happens if i click on it . 
  thanks for looking !, 
  simple solution is to introduce the grizzly bear, 
  yeah , though it 's hardly on at a decent time compared to when campbell live took up the 7pm slot, 
  awesome , thank you so much . 
  turns out it 's the same as the worldwide one , which is a bit of a shame . 
  thanks for looking !,
