   it would n't of been a reddit meet up if everyone turned up . 
  i take it my job is making them proper reddit meetups now ? 
  i was all set to come to the next one too , but i do n't know if i could do it without alcohol, 
  still has firebug 's sparta icon :(, 
  do n't worry , you 'll just steal credit for the maori like you steal credit for every other successful thing to come out of new zealand, 
  nah , my comment about making them proper meetups was a joke - since i nearly always pull out last minute , i end up making them a proper meetup because then not everyone ends up going since i pulled out . 
  i think my biggest issue with them is that he does n't go as far anymore . 
  in the earlier ones , he 'd answer the question , but then he 'd go '' ... but what if we ... '' and turned it into an absurd hypothetical situation . 
  like the hairdryer one , where he said how the box or the hairdryer would be destroyed , but then he said ` what if they were both indestructable ? ', 
  and kept putting in more and more power until it was a superheated box of destruction flying its way around the world . 
  in contrast , newer what if 's tend to stop with the first part . 
  ca n't remember which one it was , but he had a beautiful set up , but stopped at answering the question . 
  could have been twice as long with everything turned up to 11 , but instead he just stopped it after the question . 
  i might add some of these onto the sidebar with the new css , cheers, 
  yeah , we 're still talking about the logo . 
  / u / - halcyon suggested changing it to a slightly more informal font and a kiwi or something instead of the futura and southern cross , but we have n't been able to come to a consensus on it yet . 
  they 've already done it twice though , so it 's one more strike, 
  reminds me of a verse of u2 's * cedars of lebanon : *, 
   * choose your enemies carefully cos they will define you *, 
  * make them interesting cos in some ways they will mind you *, 
  * they 're not there in the beginning but when your story ends *, 
  * gon na last with you longer than your friend *, 
  you forgot currently, 
  cheers, 
  i dunno , i think if i were in charge i 'd get everyone on captain america 's side to wear `` team iron man '' caps and vice versa . 
  keep things confusing, 
  they 've got to get filthy rich somehow, 
  not in auckland , but have sent it along to a couple mates of mine studying up that way, 
  i wonder if / u/warlizard gets any comments anymore , of if / u/jstrydor took over completely from him ? 
  it 's bb code , used normally on forums and message boards, 
  last proper cd i think i bought would be the guardians of the galaxy soundtrack . 
  i did buy muse 's new album , but i bought that on itunes and not as a hard copy . 
  although i kind of regret that decision , i like having some cds in my car and * drones * is an awesome album that works as a whole and would work as a cd, 
  there 's another pepe 's on the corner of ilam and maidstone , and another at bush inn, 
  i think that ( assuming we get that far ) s2 will be abbudin / rebels against the caliphate , s3 will be basaam and the rebels vs. jamal and abbudin , and s4 will be the power corrupts thing with basaam running things, 
  can i have my 50 cents in cash , please ? 
  psh , since when do facts get in the way ? 
  i 've taken to reading / u/verylittle 's responses in / r/askscience . 
  lots of them have a similar writing style to what if , and have that same quality that the earlier ones had . 
   - [ ireland under malachy ii , by colonialist legacies ] ( https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=229832948 ), 
  is n't ireland hiram 's , not cl 's ? 
  did n't click on the link and thought i 'd missed a cl version or something, 
  hot damn , it 's the soggy bottom boys !, 
  pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen you out of / r/oceanictagpro , did n't even realise you came to / r/nz !, 
  do n't you still need to buy food to live ? 
  nice . 
  i 've only got two , but that means i ca n't do any of the multi-screen game stuff because all the menus and focus stuff is right in the middle of the two screens , so you ca n't actually see it . 
  would get a third but i have no room on my desk as-is, 
  february 's the start of the school year for me : /, 
  hyphenate it . 
  `` need-re '', 
  found the pessimist, 
  aww , we love you too, 
  awesome , the place is looking great !, 
  feel free to gim me a yell if there 's anything from / r/nzcss you 'd want to implement , should be able to help out if you need it, 
  went out to town last night after a 21st for the second time ever . 
  turned out to be the exact same experience as the first - wait in line for an hour , finally get into a place only to find that the people we were meeting have taken off already . 
  quite possibly , what gave you that idea ? 
  quick , better change your dp too . 
  could you try again now ? 
  some members were n't showing up , but we 've fixed that issue now . 
  i have a feeling the two are related, 
  depends on what sort of things you like , how long you 're there for and what sort of trip you 're planning . 
  there 's the tss earnslaw , a steam ship which does daily sailings on lake wakatipu across to earnslaw station , which is a nice day trip . 
  there 's also the gondola if you want to check out the view , or queenstown hill if you like walking and prefer less crowds . 
  there 's also [ a bunch of bike tracks ] ( http://www.queenstowntrail.co.nz/maps-and-rides/trail-maps/ ) between queenstown and gibbston , and i 'm pretty sure there 'd be somewhere to hire the bikes or get a tour or whatever . 
  other than queenstown itself , i 'd strongly recommend stopping off in arrowtown for a look around . 
  can be a bit pricey since it 's become more boutique , but i still love it to bits . 
  you could do a 4wd safari tour up to macetown as well , those lotr tour people tend to also do tours of the region which do n't focus on the movies , which mean you get to see part of the country you would n't normally get to . 
  there 's also the gibbston vineyards if you like wine , but like any they 're not cheap . 
  if you have n't been down that way before and have the time , i 'd also suggest a trip to milford or one of the other sounds . 
  real journeys offer tours ex queenstown , but if you had a spare couple days staying in te anau either side of going to milford means you 're able to take your time on the milford road and beat all of the tour busses which left queenstown , since they do n't normally get to te anau until about 10 or 11 . 
  i 'll admit , i was going to write one with valhalla assaulting hell , and ted from accounting as the new king, 
  i thought it was as an anti-counterfeit thing , so you could n't take 5 's and reprint them as 100 's or whatever ? 
  just be really careful and you should be fine . 
  i failed a few times - first was for not slowing down across railway lines , second was for stalling after a parallel park , third was for not slowing to 20kph going past a school bus - so just drive like noone ever does and yeah . 
  do you not remember the [ ted from accounting thing ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/35bp48/wp_valhalla_is_filled_with_the_strongest_warriors/ ) ? 
  saw that , was n't sure whether it covered the outcome too or whether it was just about the lockdown, 
  i 'm not 100 % sure - / u/jessefrederickdaly did the lua code , i 'm not sure if he did it so that it 's always a free citizen on city capture or a chance of it . 
  i could take a look at it when i get back and see if i can figure out the code , but that wo n't be for another couple hours, 
  i ca n't remember whether we made it free units or not though - if not , their economy would likely tank under the weight and the blessing becomes a curse, 
  it will be coastal in the tsl , just because greece is so small that all tiles are coastal there . 
  it 's not weaker . 
  it 's exactly the same as the current hoplite , and has the promotions on top of it . 
  the actual ua will be different , this one is just a frankenstein of our ua and project civ 's old one because i had about 2 hours to get a version to tpangolin for this, 
  nope , just whether they 're next to friendly units or not . 
  as one of the authors of this , why ? 
  this is actually part of a wip pack to split the current greek civ into athens , sparta , macedon and pontus . 
  i suggested sparta because it 's the best-suited civ for a dominaton-focused battle royale , given they 're essentially a full-on total war civ . 
  even macedon is sort of an offensive cultural civ . 
  plus i 'm on the wrong side of the pacific to be american , but yeah . 
  looks like the width has n't been specified , so it goes for the whole length of the body ( or whatever you call it , the bit left of the sidebar ), 
  we 've finished a bare bones version which has all the functionality needed for battle royale , but nothing else . 
  it 's also going to be part of a greek pack , so there 's three civs as well as sparta that need to be done too, 
  more like bores !, 
  motion to make him a knight of the order of / r/newzealand, 
  either way , it means it 's going to be bloody cold, 
  names like that tend to be snapped up real quickly , and given how many users there are they tend to be rare, 
  just a minor thing , but maybe the upvote / downvote arrows could be just grey at first , and coloured when you click them ? 
  as it is now they just revert to the normal arrows when you vote on something,
