  i 'm saving this comment for next year, 
  home-made pizza , treating myself to fancy pizza cheese and fancy bbq sauce, 
  god , i 'd love if this were true . 
  we have a serial downvoter on / r/newzealand who downvotes literally everything , and we have no idea who it is, 
  are you wanting brand new ? 
  i know at my work we 've got a bunch of ex-repairs or ex-display end-of-line laptops that are perfectly fine going for cheap since we need to get rid of them, 
  might have some luck at / r/rugbyunion , i know / r/cricket has streams sometimes in the match threads, 
  so yeah , i 'd say just head around the local stores and see what they 've got on clearance . 
  oi sod off m8, 
  no flair for playing a game of it ? 
  nothing can top last year though , that was fantastic, 
  have you looked at doing something about reposts too ? 
  seems as though there are a few images that get reposted every month or so , and often ones from the top all time get posted a fair bit . 
  kind of takes away from the sub a bit, 
  if you wanted a short term job until you find something more stable , dick smiths are hiring people apparently . 
  that sucks though . 
  i mean , things will get better as they always do , but you 'll still have some rough patches . 
  just need to keep in mind the good things , and that no matter what you think no-one hates you and you 'll always have people to talk to that are going to be willing to help you out - even if it 's just lending an ear . 
  hell , we all have shitty jobs from the sound of it . 
  nah , the sign says it 's a causal fixed term thing through to their close since so many of their staff have jumped ship, 
  hunt for the wilderpeople is pretty decent , should definitely go and see it if you get a chance, 
  depends if there was a sizeable majority in a couple swing states . 
  that was one of the main factors in us-cuba relations for a while was n't it ? 
  a solid 8 , and that 's being harsh . 
  only detracting factor was that it 's a tad artsy in places which is n't my cup of tea , but it 's a fantastic movie and i can see it becoming a kiwi classic, 
  ca n't say without spoiling it , but on the whole it 's probably somewhere in the middle . 
  nowhere near as heavy as once were warriors , but still great fun and classic taika, 
  nah , just the automod ` your post has been removed because you 're new ' post being removed when we approved the post, 
  eh , i kind of liked them . 
  it was the bits where adam / jamie came in like a school teacher and went `` so what did we learn today ? '', 
  that felt off imo, 
  removed , no self promotion, 
  is this a street circuit ? 
  used to live there and do n't recognise the layout, 
  makes sense , looks like a decent track too . 
  though it 'd be nice to get the nzgp in the formula 1 circuit first . 
  might try and give a street circuit a shot now, 
  [ decided i 'd go and give it a shot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gb4fnpd.png?1 ) , bearing in mind that i have n't actually looked at track designs proper beyond playing them in racing games . 
  sitting at 3.15 km , could probably do something around the old parliament too if it needed more corners, 
  just a reminder about rule 10 - we 'll be monitoring the thread and will be enforcing the name suppression rule strictly . 
  that 's cutting things a bit closely , mind making it a bit more general ? 
  is there a reason they 're defined differently ? 
  i would have thought that would cause issues in enforcement, 
  oh nah , i was meaning why the ages are defined differently between the crimes act and the children , young persons , and their families act, 
  not really , no, 
  better to err on the side of caution with these things . 
  oi , i made it very clear . 
  i think he 's gone beyond that status in nz - boy was fairly big here ( if not nz classic status along the likes of goodbye pork pie , then damn close ) and i think wilderpeople will surpass it easily and become a mainstay of nz cinema for a while to come . 
  but what about wales , they do n't get earthquakes there do they ? 
  i was expecting a couple kiwis for sure . 
  oh i 've got my fair share of those, 
  go with the one the geonet director suggested in his ama, 
  we just got rid of our printing station at work - i 'd suggest a warehouse stationary , they seem to have photo printing still . 
  otherwise your uni might have one , i know there 's one at uc, 
  tl ; dr everything is my fault , even the stuff i have no control over , and even though i 've been there for years i need to be told stuff like it 's my first day as a 15 year old work experience kid . 
  i think it 's more that wilderpeople is an entirely nz affair , whereas lotr was bankrolled by an international company and had a bunch of that side of things from the global market, 
  shit , have you got a source for that ? 
  it makes sense , given the norse gods [ live in nz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_almighty_johnsons ), 
  be nice . 
  it ca n't be that difficult , can it ? 
  they would n't make it hard to use when you need such a quick turnaround on it, 
  out of curiousity , which part pushed your suspension of disbelief ? 
  none of it seemed that far unrealistic imo, 
  chch was bloody freezing this morning . 
  could even see my breath, 
  eh , i suppose it makes more sense if you look at it from within nz . 
  a manhunt like that is so unheard of here that they would throw everything at it if they could . 
  plus the location they were in was up on the central plateau , which is near the main army base at [ waiouru ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waiouru_military_camp ) - it 's not too much of a stretch to have them joining in as a training exercise , especially given they normally help out the police on large operations if asked to anyway . 
  yeah yeah , hold yer horses . 
  removed , rule 6, 
  removed , rule 8 . 
  i loved nagasaki - might be a bit biased because i had an awesome time with a girl i was interested in at the time , but it 's just got a really cool feel about the place . 
  it was founded by portugal , so it 's got a much more european vibe than the rest of japan , and the skyline is dominated by a cathedral and a giant buddha riding a turtle . 
  we got lucky with the timing and arrived in the middle of a festival , so there were big parades and dragons visiting every business in the city , and we did n't see about half of the stuff in the city . 
  their remembrance of the atomic bomb was much more subtle too , and they had a huge park with a bunch of huge socialist statues donated by all the eastern bloc countries . 
  weird thing was that what would probably seem the most romantic point in the city from a western perspective - a big gondola thing up to a lookout where you can see [ the whole city ] ( http://visit-nagasaki.com/getimage.php?src=files/spot_5595d548-198c-4b2f-b1e6-78aad2fc807c_image0.jpg&amp;width=1020&amp;height=2040 ) from across the harbour - is apparently where couples go to break up . 
  i 'd love to go to turkey , it looks so fucking cool . 
  the whole ionian coast , istanbul , cappadocia , gobekli tepe , trebizond , everything is just awesome, 
  does n't necessarily mean there would n't still be wars between the states though, 
  there was the living on a prayer bit too, 
  this whole thing reads like hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy , it 's awesome . 
  great job !, 
  this is why ... ? 
  removed , rule 6 . 
  either way , it 's covered by rule 8 too, 
  yeah , that 's nzd . 
  i work in the mall and would spend about between $ 15 and $ 25 per day on food , excluding dinner . 
  you can eat on a budget , it 's a matter of finding a decent place with decent prices . 
  captain ben 's is a popular institution at uc, 
  the upstairs parts are kind of decent , and i love how much glass there is, 
  pm = prime minister , our head of government ( but not head of state ) - he was making a joke, 
  okay i 've got absolutely no ideas for tune thursday , so someone please suggest something . 
  meantime i 'm gon na try something different to the standard theme , and go with a genre . 
  so let 's try it with blues / rock , submit your favourite songs from the genre and all that shit . 
  if it works we might do it more often , if it does n't then someone needs to suggest a theme, 
  the devil went down to georgia ? 
  you should sticky this comment so that the replies are collapsed and you do n't need to wade through all of it to see . 
  not entirely convinced that you 're not douglas adams reincarnate , i 'm loving this so much . 
   there is actually a joke in iceland that they are the world 's greatest country `` per capita '' . 
  that 's a thing in nz , too .
