  well if the nazca did n't know of those fresh water sources they would n't be alive for long , would they ? 
  the ability to sustain a settlement is food in civ terms , as far as i 'm concerned, 
  have n't considered them yet - would it be majapahit and srivijaya ? 
  they seem to be similar civs - island based thalassocratic nations in a similar region . 
  polynesia is an amalgamation worse than civ 4 's native americans and spans island groups thousands of kilometres apart and groups which would never have interacted historically . 
  india 's split is also very distinct groups with different empires - the mughals are a builder , maratha is militaristic , maurya is religious and chola is thalassocratic / trade based, 
  trying to sort one out - the file is too large for the civfanatics database , so i have to find somewhere else, 
  is there a bigger version of this ? 
  i 'd love it as a wallpaper, 
  the closest we 've got to a peruvian is leugi , who 's bolivian . 
  i mainly wanted to do a no-uu civ , and i liked the colours sukritact had on the nazca lines wonder icon for a civ . 
  we ended up scraping those , but still, 
  did n't try it , but quite possibly, 
  not at this stage - the ones we 've got planned are more around bohemia and then more asian with the crimean khanate and so on . 
  but that 's not to say we 're never going to do romania , we just have civs higher up the ladder so far, 
  it requires the bnw expansion pack , i think . 
  do n't worry about it - sometimes one nitpicky post is better than 5 `` wow this is awesome , great job ! '', 
  posts , since it tells us what we need to improve on . 
  that 's not to say we do n't value the awesome response we got here ( i 've been upvoting every post ) , i never imagined it would get this kind of response, 
  i previously did the nazca lines as a wonder , then once we got the functionality for unique tile improvement models i decided the geoglyphs would make a cool improvement . 
  the puquios came out as another unique , and we decided to use them over a uu because we 'd have to make something up for the uu . 
  by having just a ui and ub then the nazca are unique and have a unique playstyle . 
  if you 're into native american stuff i 'd suggest you check out leugi 's [ patria grande : civilizations of the americas ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=488283 ) project . 
  it contains a mix of post-colonial and pre-colonial civs from south america , and his quality of art has only increased over time, 
  whoops - they 're the first civ with no uu, 
  awesome , cheers, 
  do n't worry , we 're keeping it as india . 
  i just did n't want to create an infinite loop by splitting india into india, 
  welcome to new zealand , where our prime minister is unidentified and our capital is in another country !, 
  the daily mail had a picture of david cameron and john key laughing at the nelson mandela memorial , with the caption of something like `` david cameron laughs with an unidentified guest ... '', 
  never , but the post above mine is about auckland being the capital , and op is saying `` auckland , australia '', 
   i saw a video posted by the telegraph claiming auckland was the ` first major world capitol to celebrate the new year ', 
  i am aware of that . 
  but the post before mine :, 
   i saw a video posted by the telegraph claiming ** auckland was the ` first major world capitol ** to celebrate the new year ', 
  you guys are awesome , i 'm glad you like the nazca so much !, 
  great story , i look forward to reading the rest !, 
  i know the shop , we always used to stop there on the way through to get an ice cream on the way to arrowtown when i was a kid . 
  i swear everything is way more expensive there than even the fruit shop across the road, 
  bloody hell stephen , this better be good . 
  did i miss the part with the giant robot / lizard battles ? 
  ah , of course . 
  thanks, 
  i 'm suddenly feeling like i 'll be that stereotypical old-fashioned guy with his * non-self-driving car * and his * desktop computer * in this future ... 
  what i 'm taking the question as is what part of the area which is now the united states of america was the last * [ terra nullius ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terra_nullius ) * . 
  so , of the area which is now claimed by the us , which was the last to be claimed by a government . 
  to the op , i would suggest asking over at / r/askhistorians too, 
  wait , you guys do n't have that ? 
  do you just use `` hiking '' or something else again ? 
  or windows 8 , which just gets rid of the unrecognizable part, 
  enhance !, 
  i used to live right on the south coast , by houghton bay . 
  the hills blocked most of the city lights , so we could see the milky way almost every clear night . 
  apparently aurora are visible from there too , but i never saw one, 
  `` new zealand sends strongly worded letter that does n't actually mean anything since they would n't do anything anyway '', 
  that is beautiful . 
  thank you, 
  missing dayton , ohio and a bunch of places from one of the episodes , ca n't remember the name, 
  i 'm pretty sure there are almost none full-blooded maori anymore , except maybe in isolated patches of the east coast . 
  according to the results on the wikipedia page :, 
  no religion ( 37.6 % ), 
  undeclared ( 11 % ), 
  protestant ( 33.2 % ), 
  roman catholic ( 11.3 % ), 
  other religions ( 2.4 % ), 
  by american standards , we probably are a godless , socialist country . 
  suicide is also fairly common , but at least we have nowhere near as much crime as elsewhere, 
  i have a new wallpaper , thank you !, 
  i would say it is less because of ideological reasons and more because of religious reasons . 
  sure , they 're completely different ideologies , but they are both alawite , which is almost certainly more important here, 
  shift key should do it . 
  i think deleting it will still keep the file too, 
  come on now , i know you 're feeling down, 
  i might be a bit biased , given that i 'm from christchurch , but i would still recommend stopping in , at least from christchurch north . 
  if you wanted to skip dunedin , you could go from queenstown through to cromwell and then up the middle of the island , stopping off at mount cook and lake tekapo :, 
  the detour to mt cook township is probably a couple hours , so i would n't recommend it if you were wanting to go from queenstown to christchurch in a day . 
  but there is a ( reasonably ) fancy hotel in mt cook township , and a lot of more affordable places in tekapo . 
  tekapo also has the mount john observatory , which you can go up to in the day for the view or take a guided tour at night if the weather is good for stargazing, 
  going this route means you only have ~ 2 hours at most instead of ~ 5 on the fairly boring canterbury plains , so that could be more favourable . 
  christchurch itself has some cool stuff going on at the moment - the re : start container mall and numerous ` gap filler ' projects make the most of the demolition work done in the city , and give christchurch a unique feel . 
  recently , the oi you festival has resulted in a lot of walls around the city featuring awesome street art ( there 's an app you can get on a smart phone to locate these murals ), 
  further up , kaikoura has a lot of wildlife expeditions , and you can go on whale watching tours or just stop on the side of the road ( where safe ) and see lots of seals . 
  ohau stream is just north of kaikoura itself , where after about a 10 minute bush walk you arrive at a waterfall pool where baby seals live during some months ( i think it 's winter , but you 'd need to double check ) . 
  worth a visit if it 's the right time of year , sometimes there are dozens of seal pups there . 
  if you like the occasional alcoholic beverage , blenheim and the surrounding areas are home to a lot of renowned vineyards , many of which have public tasting rooms ( the same goes for the kawarau gorge , between queenstown and cromwell ) . 
  all in all , i 'd say that the majority of the east coast is worth a stop , it 's just the southern half that is flat and boring, 
  one other thing i would suggest is to make sure you visit arrowtown , just outside of queenstown . 
  i went there every year when i was a kid , and love it there . 
  looks great all year around , it 's an old mining town that is still going strong ( unlike most of the other ones ), 
  i dunno , i like hearing [ everything 's fine ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejcqvyroqno ) on the news, 
  scum , freezebag !, 
  the massive claw on their foot says otherwise, 
  eh , modern enough, 
  have you not heard of the australian drop bear divisions in vietnam ? 
   the enlarged second toe bore an unusually large , curved sickle-shaped claw ( held off the ground or ` retracted ' when walking ) , which is thought to have been used in capturing prey and climbing trees ( see `` claw function '' below ) . 
  this claw was especially blade-like in the large-bodied predatory eudromaeosaurs, 
  from [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dromaeosauridae#foot ) . 
  they were both members of the dromaeosauridae family , and both had the claw . 
  velociraptor was also part of the eudromaeosauria clade , mentioned in the above excerpt for having an `` especially blade-like '' second claw, 
   the distinctive claw , on the second digit of dromaeosaurids , has traditionally been depicted as a slashing weapon ; its assumed use being to cut and disembowel prey .
