  there was a considerable stretch of territory in the immediate neighborhood which was more or less effectively controlled by the city . 
  beyond this lay the friendly native communities and villages corresponding roughly to the modern sphere of influence . 
  at suitable points in these territories , trade centers were established which were capable of warding off sudden raids but not sustained attacks . 
  naturally a seafaring people would select spots along the coast for the establishment of these so called * \u03a7\u03c9\u03c1\u03af\u03b1 * . 
  these depots and the territory surrounding them constituted the territory ( * \u03a7\u03ce\u03c1\u03b1 * ) of the city . 
  ( ... ) it is not unlikely that the territory of a colonial city was comparable in extent to that of a city state in greece . 
  given this , while there would have already been inhabitants in a lot of the areas which the greeks colonised , finding an uninhabited area to set up a city would n't have been too difficult . 
  indeed , some places ( see sicily on the second map above ) had several different settlements from different colonists - the phoenicians were the other main colonising group in the mediterranean , and despite being a bit earlier than the greeks , phoenician colonies remained strong and eventually grew into the carthaginians , who themselves colonised much of the western mediterranean ( and by some accounts , atlantic coast of africa ) and rivaled the romans in the punic wars . 
  i 'm digressing now , but the point is that the greeks were n't the only ones doing the colonising , and in many instances they were colonising places which already had colonies ( the greek colony of syracuse and the phoenician colony of ziz , ( panormos / palermo ) both on the island of sicily , are both believed to have been founded in the eighth century bc , around the same time ) . 
  in terms of how colonies were actually founded , it varies quite a bit depending on which colony and which interpretation . 
  talking about the greek colonies in the region around panticapaeum , former director of the panticapaeum archaeological expedition , v.d. 
  blavatskii proposed that the introduction of greek culture and foundation of greek colonies was a gradual process , brought about through trade ( and piracy ) . 
  as explained by thomas noonan in an article on the subject :, 
   blavatskii tried to demonstrate that all early greek colonies of this area de - veloped from emporia in three stages : 1 ) sporadic visits by greek merchants-pirates ; 2 ) the development of trade ties between greeks and native tribes which resulted in the foundation of temporary and then permanent emporia ; and 3 ) the transformation of these emporia into cities of the polis type . 
  there are other arguments about foundation of colonies ( such as overpopulation in home cities ) , but i ca n't find enough source material to include them at this point ( and the post is getting way too long ) . 
  i know i only answered part of the question , but i hope it 's enough !, 
  sources :, 
  robert j. bonner , [ * greek colonies and the hinterland * ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/3288461 ) , the classical journal , vol . 
  6 ( mar. , 1925 ), 
  thomas s. noonan , [ * origins of the greek colony at panticapaeum * ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/503240 ) , american journal of archaeology , vol . 
  1 ( jan. , 1973 ), 
  new zealand does have some rainforests , maybe you 're picturing those and assuming they 're the normal sort of rainforest instead of the colder , temperate one ? 
  sorry for the really short response ( and response to an old post ) but as a really quick and brief answer , it pretty much stems back to the issue that ngai tuhoe never signed the treaty of waitangi . 
  since their land was still taken under the treaty in the same way as that of other iwi was they have settlements with it , but it 's much more heated because in their view they never ceded sovereignty to the british, 
  good morning !, 
  today is monday the 16th of march , 2015 . 
  today is jam-packed with historical events , so get ready !, 
  on this day in 597 bc , babylonian forces capture the city of jerusalem and install a puppet government . 
  at its greatest extent , the neo-babylonian empire controlled the whole of mesopotamia and the levant and then some , with territory that is today controlled by iraq , syria , jordan , israel , palestine , kuwait , lebanon , saudi arabia , turkey , egypt and iran . 
  eat your heart out , isis !, 
  moving forward ~ 2500 years , and into a europe on edge . 
  this day in 1935 saw adolf hitler order germany to begin the process of rearmament , one which would lead to the worst war in recent history . 
  staying with the war , bohemia and moravia was proclaimed a german protectorate by hitler on this day in 1939 , while in 1940 the first fatality in britain as a result of german raids occurred on this day , and in 1942 the first v-2 rocket ( which would bring devastation to britain and be the basis for the american space program of the 50 's ) was tested on this day . 
  three years later , the battle of iwo jima ended on this day . 
  this day also saw the death of lawrence oates ( a member of scott 's antarctic expedition ) , who famously left his tent to walk out into the antarctic unprotected with the words `` i am just going outside and may be some time . '', 
  it also saw the mai lai massacre in the course of the vietnam war , and the end of the sino-vietnamese war ( in 1968 and 1979 respectively ), 
  and finally , one year ago today saw crimea `` vote '' to join russia in a referendum . 
  if you want to continue , then please do !, 
  it 's nice seeing an actually plausible response to something for once , and it seems really well thought out, 
  i notice you do n't have niue or the cook islands on that list - seems a bit odd to exclude them , even though they 're in free association with nz they 're still ( mostly ) independent countries . 
  and separate posts ? 
  to be fair , oates was seriously ill and was slowing the expedition down . 
  he saw he was risking the whole expedition and all of their lives , so he essentially committed suicide to save the rest of them, 
  putin 's off riding bears shirtless in the siberan wilderness , hunting down tsarist pigs, 
  where 's the tenth ? 
  i only count 9, 
  note that they used ` postponed ' for both episodes though , not ` cancelled ' . 
  gives hope we 'll get the last three later on instead of just one, 
  it could just be sop for when a show is postponed indefinitely, 
  i lived in wellington for 10 years and i never got that . 
  only time i had something like it was down in arrowtown , when we were walking from my grandfather 's place to the town centre down the river . 
  was really windy and just as we got to a clearing a huge willow branch broke off in front of us and crashed down onto the path . 
  ended up pretty much running back to his place , trying to dodge debris on the way, 
  wellington was a breeze after that . 
  yeah , i moved down to christchurch back in '06 - and where i lived when i was up there was in a valley off the side of a valley , so it was protected from the wind at all angles and i never got the full experience i guess . 
  we could sit outside on what felt like a calm night and would hear the wind howling past up above, 
  not a fan of the contest mode - scores do n't change much anyway , i tend to go through the whole thing anyway - and it means i need to expand comments and stuff , which takes time and effort that i do n't have :(, 
  today is wednesday the 18th of march . 
  on this day in 1944 mt vesuvius erupted , killing 26 and causing massive evacuations . 
  today 's fact was brought to you by contest mode !, 
  nah , he 'll just be arrested on weapons smuggling or something . 
  even though there 's a bunch of bow and arrows and green hoods in his secret hideout . 
  yep , it 's still active and next to one of the largest cities in italy ( 4 million in the greater area , 1.5 million in the city proper ), 
  with the tame racing driver , * the stag * ? 
  whole of last semester i did n't start an essay until the week before it was due , more often than not the night before . 
  submitted one with 90 seconds left on the clock . 
  lowest grade i got was an a, 
  we could call it the commonwealth !, 
  pretty sure it was allied at the time , italy was invaded in '43 iirc, 
  got one in my bag , will try and scan / upload it when i get home, 
  the eruptions also meant the surrounding area was incredibly fertile , so in some ways the risk was worth the reward ( or maybe vice versa ), 
  i 'm guessing it 's because it was n't even 10 years ago that we were at war with them ( i think we were at war with them in the iraq war , maybe i 'm getting my iraq wars mixed up ), 
  [ done !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/2zfp78/the_controversial_canta_article_about_video_game/ ), 
  huh , must have just been put in recently . 
  i picked it up this morning and when i walked past at lunch they 'd been taken off the shelf, 
  i doubt it - they love their border security . 
  we went to hawaii about eight years ago , every single flight ( even domestic ) was `` you 've been selected for * additional screening !, 
  * '' and we were led off to be swabbed and everything, 
   once you have done a trip before is it easy enough to remember how long the trip will be ? 
  i 'm not discalculic in the slightest , and i still think it takes 20 minutes to get to work when it only takes like 5-10 ( maybe 15 if it 's bumper to bumper ), 
  yeah , but it 's to uni too . 
  i leave with like 20 minutes spare and it only takes me about 4 to actually get there, 
   sexual violence affects everyone : women , children , and men, 
  been wanting to see it for as long as i can remember . 
  each time there 's a big one for years i 've only heard about it the morning after . 
  then i hear about them in advance , but it 's cloudy . 
  hear about a storm during the middle of the day today , check the forecast and it 's at a fucking 9 ( normally a 5 is all that 's needed to see it in chch ) . 
  by the time it gets dark it 's back to a goddamn 3 and it 's got a whole sheet of cloud . 
  risky to the farmers stealing all the water , more likely, 
  or maybe to the people trying to make millions off the rebuild ? 
  i was a 10 year old pasty white kid . 
  would n't have got anything more than a tan over the course of the trip, 
  nah , vertical symmetry, 
  damn , okay . 
  i was hoping that since it was apparently possible to do it for teleports it would be for boosts too, 
  good guy gustav, 
   let 's make sure we do n't name anybody here ... 
  they 're the australia and new zealand of tv hosts, 
  / r/shittyaskscience could use someone like you,
