  probably done a bit of creative rounding ( rounding 23 to 30 ) but it still does seem as though it 's a tad out of reach, 
  head down south if it looks promising , you can get huge aurora from tekapo south if it 's a big storm . 
  i 've heard stories and seen pictures of the whole sky lit up from down the catlins, 
  decent album by a decent kiwi band, 
  pfft , you 're no fun, 
  wisdom teeth at the moment ... 
  the two am threads are stickied because i was lazy yesterday and forgot to unsticky it . 
  need a second sticky to replace it, 
  yeah , i wanted to set it up like that but it was a hell of a lot more work from the look of it . 
  much easier to just think of a second thing to sticky . 
  maybe the work the wiki needs ? 
  but could n't they potentially act out of interest for the country under the guise of acting for their iwi ? 
  could 've put it behind the crater though , surely ? 
  as long as it looks alright from the rich parts of auckland, 
  better fucking get a new drunken rambling quote for the daily, 
  hah , i got answered in like five minutes yesterday, 
  removed under rule 5, 
  should 've got him in at the start , at that rate would 've been over before the second over was out, 
  is n't that just this world ? 
  yeah , you ca n't play rugby for shit there either, 
  [ 100 % there for the taking ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=renrilqwhjs ), 
  fucking convicts do n't know how to read a scoreboard, 
  no politics, 
  ah well , three day weekend coming up . 
  hang in there, 
  well that was a good end to the cricket . 
  nothing makes me feel happier than watching the aussies get absolutely walloped, 
  probably enough time to watch it all over again anyway before the next scheduled programming, 
  rest of the world is fucking rough, 
  i remember mates of mine coming back from the cricket when i was a kid talking about the chant of `` brett lee 's a wanker '', 
  world cup pool play ? 
  oh right , i was thinking of the england game , sorry, 
  do n't answer it - you 've seen the sort of emotional blackmail shit she pulls , what makes you think she 'll be any different that time ? 
  i thought you 'd told your workmates not to let her in or something ? 
  not just normal drunk either , absolutely shitfaced, 
  could you do the other paper next year or something , and try to apply for the other course at that point once you prove yourself with your other coursework ? 
  was it a limitation on getting into uni full stop or just that degree ? 
  sometimes they have different requirements , and something like a ba might have lower requirements, 
  she 's a student , is n't that a given ? 
  oh well yeah , of course she will, 
  the funny thing is this is pretty much the exact opposite of opinion polling so far for the real thing ( same numbers but for the opposite flags ), 
  oh fuck , we 're not getting a / r/truenewzealand already , are we ? 
  how is it editorialised ? 
  you 're a trillionaire ? 
  removed , as it is a repost of another submission, 
   ( my favorite 's probably xanax and wine ), 
  i prefer fast cars , which seems to be either an earlier version of it or just a flamenco-style acoustic one . 
  has a really cool feel and brings out the rhythm of the song, 
  [ not anymore !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/446zo7/no_politics_mode_now_implemented_and_other_minor/ ), 
  coder pls, 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1053/ ), 
  removed , rule 12 . 
  you make it sound like legends of tomorrow is the fucking french foreign legion, 
  i suppose the first one would be difficult if you did n't know your late night hosts , since the past couple years have had a fair bit of upheaval . 
  third one could easily not be known too , and charles lindbergh would in most cases be a complete guess for some, 
  i love the sample in [ iron sky ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elkbtfljucq ) , suits the song perfectly, 
  if you have res you can set up a filter to hide all political posts, 
  it 'll go in the wiki , or something, 
  each time he loses an election he moves slightly further south . 
  not much longer and he 'll be standing for the auckland islands electorate , and will likely still lose to a penguin, 
  jesus , what game is that ? 
   and , finally , here is their deeply uncomfortable facebook page , which seems to generate some odd traffic , especially from manila and south east asia . 
  for example , a photograph of a young girl posted yesterday has received 3.7 k ` likes ' in the past few hours . 
  it could be that they pay for likes using that facebook thing - sponsor posts to add fake value to the work they do ( wow i got 3.7 k likes after doing it ! ), 
  we have feijoas and kiwifruit too !, 
  i think that 'd just make the whole thing even funnier, 
  they 're not arguing that he shot the guy though , they 're arguing that he did n't do it intentionally . 
  so saying he accidentally shot the guy is still valid , no ? 
  that 's not necessarily his fault though , if he was placed on duty or whatever he did n't really have a choice, 
  ones in the mall and at uni all take cards , but definitely not notes . 
  removed , rules 6 and 8, 
  is that the one in the polynesia civ split ? 
  if so , it 's mine !, 
  also working on a new zealand mod with michael joseph savage too, 
  they come prepacked with small cartons of milk, 
  i had a cough once , apparently it 's lung cancer and i have two years to live . 
  i know that feel - finally got my own car , and before the first week was out i got in a reverse head-on collision . 
  did n't damage anything , but still enough to go ` oh shit ', 
  yep , that 's my one . 
  should check out [ the rest of them ] ( http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=494241 ) if you get a chance , too, 
  they 're at the counter , but they 're behind a panel and you need to ask for them specifically . 
  think they need id too, 
  it 's coming up on three years ( five since i started modding ) so it 's not actually that bad when it 's spread out . 
  only released four or so last year too , but there are a fair few that are near release , so hopefully that 'll change . 
  removed , rule 8, 
  there 's a post shop on riccarton road ? 
  ah , i barely go down that far , that 'd be why i never see it, 
  you mean the one i 've already said i 'm not going to ? 
  toilet paper should always be over the roll , never under . 
  anyone who says otherwise is a blasphemer and a heathen, 
  given how close that is to the main plate boundary i 'm a tad worried now, 
   in theory , the bays are sheltered from neptune 's fury . 
  not really , it 'd still reach there and do a pretty substantial amount of damage, 
  i think if you caught a [ kingfisher ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/common_kingfisher_alcedo_atthis.jpg ) you would 've been doing something wrong, 
  i thought she just moved up for work , did n't realise she was studying, 
   i do n't want my $ 5 pizza to turn into a $ 17 pizza . 
  guess i wo n't suggest hells then, 
  still not quite convinced that 's how fishing works, 
  god , do n't do this to me .
