  yeah , and the one before that was in japanese yen , and before that was gbp , and before that was the yuan, 
  he was in a defensive driving class with me , and resulted in late finishes 4 times out of 4, 
  it 's pretty much a thing that teaches you how to drive to the conditions and be aware of your surroundings . 
  like , the standard speed limit here is 50 kilometres per hour , but on a narrow , windy road full of driveways where kids could run out of , 50 is probably too fast , despite being legal . 
  it also means that i can take the test to get my full license 6 months earlier than i would be able to otherwise, 
  here there are three licenses - learners , restricted and full . 
  to get the learner license you just need to sit a theory test , and get at least 28 out of 30 questions right ( i think that 's what it was . ), 
  then you need to wait at least 6 months before taking the test for the restricted license , which is all about making sure you know what you 're doing and how to control a car . 
  in that six months , you have to have someone with a full license in the car at all times and are n't allowed passengers , iirc . 
  they just made the restricted license test a lot harder too , i failed once for not slowing down to cross a railway line ( which no-one does ) , once for not slowing to 20kph ( 12mph ) past a school bus , and once for stalling the car . 
  once you have a restricted license , you 're allowed to drive on your own ( without the full license person ) , and allowed to have passengers if one of them has a full license . 
  also no night driving on your own . 
  if you 're under 25 , you have to wait 18 months before going for your full , and if you 're over 25 you have to wait 6 months . 
  with a defensive driving course , this decreases to 12 and 3 respectively . 
  this is because the test to get your full license is apparently about attention to road hazards and safe driving , so a defensive driving test means you know what you 're on about . 
  once you 've got the full license , you need to renew it every ten years , but you do n't need to take another test or anything . 
  so there 's a brief overview of the new zealand drivers license system , sorry i got a bit carried away there . 
  hey , it 's shrek !, 
  it 's counted as a critical error . 
  the test is divided into two parts , which you can only get one critical error in each . 
  i hit the curb the first time i tried to parallel park , which was one , then stalled when driving out of the park , which was the second , meaning i failed within 5 minutes of getting in the car . 
  like i said , it 's a first draft - planning to add some powerups and bombs yet , just need to figure out where . 
  i think one powerup will be by the button for the gate , but not sure about the others . 
  maybe one by the teleport ? 
  it allows you to drive with anyone who has had their full license for two years or more , i think the car can only be less than a certain power too . 
  no passengers , no bac ( blood alcohol content ) at all , regardless of license level , until you 're 25 either . 
  ah , i thought the map thread was just for maps being submitted for rotation . 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  oh god , i can talk for hours about politics and religion , especially if they do n't agree with me . 
  hell , i 'd probably fall for a girl who i can have a conversation with about politics or religion for hours, 
  depends on how the conversation is worded . 
  if everyone is respectful then it can be a discussion easily, 
  but if you answer the questions , then they wo n't be unresolved mysteries anymore !, 
  college professor fights the third reich on his own and wins, 
  well , that or the last crusade , but yeah . 
  indy . 
  tambora eruption in 1815 was the largest volcanic explosion in history . 
  umm , no . 
  meet the [ taupo volcano ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/lake_taupo_landsat.jpg ) , or what 's left of it . 
  it 's part of the taupo volcanic zone , which covers most of the central north island of new zealand . 
  early eruptions in the area were big enough to cover most of the northern half of the island in volcanic material , but then the action moved 300,000 years ago to taupo . 
  taupo began its life like any other volcano , erupting every now and again and causing some grief when it did . 
  now , taupo did n't stay like this , and we get two major eruptions . 
  i 'll start with the most recent , the [ hatepe eruption ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hatepe_eruption ) , which happened around 180 ad . 
  this was about as big as mt. 
  tambora 's one , and correlates to claims of red skies in both the roman empire and china . 
  it caused localised tsumanis in the lake and surrounding areas , and is new zealand 's most violent volcanic eruption in the last 20,000 years . 
  so , what happened 20,000 years ago ? 
  [ taupo , again . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oruanui_eruption ) 26,500 years ago , taupo exploded into the largest volcanic eruption on earth in the last 70,000 years . 
  this eruption covered the surrounding area in some 200 metres of ash , pyroclastic flows and volcanic rock . 
  an 18 centimetre ( 6 inch ) layer of ash fell at least 1,000 km away in the chatham islands , and given the rest of the area is ocean , ash probably fell much further away . 
  this eruption was fucking * massive : *, 
   [ the eruption ] generated approximately 430 km ^ 3 ( 100 cu mi ) of pyroclastic fall deposits , 320 km ^ 3 ( 77 cu mi ) of pyroclastic density current ( pdc ) deposits ( mostly ignimbrite ) and 420 km ^ 3 ( 100 cu mi ) of primary intracaldera material , equivalent to 530 km ^ 3 ( 130 cu mi ) of magma . 
  it also blew the whole mountain up , and created lake taupo , which is roughly the size of st. lucia , meaning it 's bigger than roughly 1/5 of all countries and dependencies on earth . 
  as if that is n't enough , it also incinerated all forests with direct line of site nearby , and even today a lot of the surrounding areas only have native forests on hillsides facing away from lake taupo, 
  okay , that 's fair enough . 
  would the hatepe eruption count as recorded though , since it happened at a time when humans were n't in nz yet , but evidence of it was recorded in china and rome ? 
  damn , okay . 
  i think the `` new zealand 's largest eruption in the last 20,000 years '' bit confused me into thinking it was the world 's largest eruption in that period . 
  happy cakeday to you , too !, 
  but would n't it be too obvious , if he was in the meeting , getting pissed off at thatguy , then something against thatguy happens in his area ? 
  plus he reported it, 
  do n't forget *** freedom ^ tm ***, 
  when will scientists stop their time-travel hunting trips for rich hollywood stars ? 
   but the public art piece will be mostly invisible during the day . 
  so you 're telling me they 're spending 100k on a curtain that people are n't even going to see that much ? 
  yeah , imagine if people just sneered and said `` oh look , jfk 's talking about * the moon * again . 
  as if that 's ever going to happen '', 
  firstly , anything that i issue as a command must be obeyed by everyone . 
  then , to quit killing each other , and not to hate each other for their different beliefs . 
  after that , to accept that science is n't a global conspiracy , and that we need to look after the planet . 
  thirdly ( or fourth ? 
  ) , beliefs and all that shit are fine , just do n't use them as an excuse to discriminate . 
  then probably some more stuff i think up afterwards, 
  cunliffe 's doing a pretty good job of that himself, 
  we need to have smoking rooms which is the only place legal to smoke . 
  when i went to japan they had a glass box in the middle of shibuya ( the flash , cbd kinda place of tokyo ) where people went to smoke . 
  even though there are millions more smokers there , there was never any cigarette smoke elsewhere . 
  that makes me sad , i would have loved an empire 2 , especially if it expanded africa . 
  russia is probably because a single province would be way too big , same with india . 
  france is about the same size as a lot of the russian / indian provinces , so it makes sense to have it as one thing, 
  tell that to the zulus . 
  i was n't necessarily meaning the same timeframe for the africa expansion , but rather something like fall of the samurai set during the scramble for africa, 
  off the top of my head , and including african empires and stuff because just tribes is stupid :, 
  - masai, 
  - kilwa sultanate, 
  - songhai empire, 
  - ghanan empire, 
  - mali empire, 
  - kitara empire, 
  - kingdom of kongo, 
  - nubia, 
  - axum, 
  - bantu ( although that 's a wider group , along with the hutu and tutsi which were sort of colonial inventions ), 
  - axum, 
  - ( great ) zimbabwe, 
  also , are we counting north africa ? 
  because then you 've got the berbers , morocco , arab traders , egypt and all of those . 
  then there 's also the boers , who were strictly european but had settled about 200 years prior to the scramble for africa and for all intents and purposes count as a native empire in the context of the scramble for africa .
