  the idea that it is n't directly related to new zealand is n't opinion , it 's an objective fact . 
  pls send me the link , i need to sort one out at work and do n't want it to completely suck, 
  other than [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdayujq9r3a ) since i have a standing obligation to post u2 every time a music related question comes up , i 'm kind of a fan of christmas songs that could just as easily be played at other times - my favourite at the moment is probably [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c24kiih_ozm ) by the killers , featuring a mariachi band, 
   not specifically a xmas song, 
  any song set around christmas is automatically a christmas song, 
  i 've just been listening to their earlier albums a lot recently , they 're so good . 
  os1 is a real mixed bag , it 's got some amazing songs on it ( miss sarajevo is one of the greatest u2 songs of all time imo , your blue room and slug are great as well ) but also has a lot of really weird stuff on it . 
  as far as a concept album from them , i far prefer zooropa, 
  should check out slug too , it 's the other one i 've got . 
  have n't actually heard always forever now , will give that a proper listen now . 
  personally i prefer the joshua tree as a driving album , except for night time or just after sunset when zooropa is just so much better, 
  might be because they assume people will go on ninety mile beach ? 
  ooh , whereabouts ? 
  would love to give that a read, 
  good timing , given it 's crate day and all . 
  do n't envy that hangover tomorrow, 
  i love how shanghai is in central asia , jo'burg is in kenya , and la is further north than new york too, 
  as an aside , this username is sound advice on how to deal with sandflies, 
  main reason is that editorialised titles that skew in favour of the prevailing opinion here are just as bad as ones that skew the opposite way . 
  this is going to be a huge issue going into an election year next year too , so we want to try and get on top of things now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp2zkpoduf0 ), 
  i would say though to this end that this would primarily be for when the title is meta ( ie . 
  about the article , instead of an editorialised title * for * the article ) and should ideally be more than just the link . 
  have a ` lil bit of a rant and all that, 
  i think it 's fine , in some instances paywalled content is pretty damn good ( links from nbr , for example ) and it sounds like there 's going to be more with the launch of newsroom . 
  maybe like add a [ paywall ] thing in your title or whatever ? 
  yeah , that 's pretty much it . 
  though it 's tricky , because in some instances it 's fine - we 're a lot more lenient around lighthearted news articles and all that sort of thing , like for example a sheep pun in a story about rampaging sheep or whatever . 
  hey , feel free to gim me a bell if you want to talk , i 'm not going anywhere tonight . 
  or just share it here if you 're up to it , we 're not a scary lot and we all hear all sorts of shit all the time on here, 
  that makes it sound as though they believe the cards were directed at staff and therefore could be seen as workplace bullying , instead of just showing the cards to have a shared laugh . 
  could be the source of the misunderstanding, 
  okay , so what constitutes normal weekly hours ? 
  i 'm on a part time contract with set hours i do during the year , but over uni breaks i go up to full time hours . 
  does that count as over normal weekly hours , or do my normal weekly hours change ? 
   it 's quite difficult making new friends after uni is over ... 
  has national won a single by-election recently ? 
  there was northland and now this , and i 'm pretty sure they lost another seat since 2014 somewhere else too . 
  having slept on it , i think i 'm thinking of how they lost a seat with the special votes to the greens in the weeks after the election, 
  yeah , that makes sense . 
  is there a point at which even that becomes overtime , like if you 're working shitloads of hours in a given week ? 
  wide bit goes at the bottom, 
  oh fuck , my bad . 
  this is why we let you lot change titles, 
  i dunno , i think i 'd far rather that personally than the reverse . 
  one of my best mates writes off love for good as soon as something goes kind of south , and i have to tell her to sort her act out for far too long before she realises that i 'm right, 
  spent half of 2011 halfway under my desk at school from small ones that felt like the start of bigger ones, 
  honestly , let the votes decide is the worst way to moderate reddit, 
  we 're not too keen on speculation even if it 's not right though, 
  removed , rule 12, 
  quit your whinging, 
  brownlee 's rumoured to be stepping down at the 2020 election , so they 'd be in exactly the same position this time next term if they went with him . 
  plus he 's got the spectre of the earthquakes hanging over him and the botched rebuild job, 
  better ? 
  live in chch , totally going to give this a drive ( following all road rules of course ) on my day off to see what it 's like, 
  i 'm no expert , but i do n't think op believed this ... 
  removed , rule 12 and asking for upvotes . 
  that last shot reminds me of the simpsons episode where lisa gets hooked on collecting olympic pins ... 
  hah , mercury as a treatment , nice, 
  it was [ fact of the matter is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ed2jkokgrja ) and every time i see this i want to punch bridges in the face, 
  a couple days ago , dead rooster cleaned things up on the mod list a tad, 
  dead rooster cleaned up the mod list as a couple were very inactive , and appointed / u/dirtyformal as the newest member of the team in light of the great work he 's done keeping the css up to date in spite of me making his job more difficult by directly editing the / r/nz css instead of using the test subreddit . 
  / u/nilnz is taking a break from reddit , as the news overflow during the earthquake aftermath was too much and she had real life commitments to attend to . 
  we are potentially looking at bringing a couple people on as a content team to help maintain a similar role to what she does , in terms of news aggregators and event organisers , especially given it 's election season next year so there will be an influx of political goings-on . 
  it 's my friday , if that helps, 
  they tested that in the article though , it was only 0.54 % more efficient and therefore cost $ 84 more in their test, 
  fuck yes , anyone who lives in the north island needs to go out and take panoramas of pohutukawa trees we can use in the header, 
  also i ca n't access modmail :(, 
  looks like 75px might be a bit narrow , discussion goes to a ... instead of having the whole word, 
  yeah , it 's saying i do n't have the relevant permissions to access it , despite having been on it earlier this day and that nothing 's changed on our end since, 
  ~ ~ nah , we removed it ~ ~ it 's still there, 
  that 's like all great cities though , the planned ones feel too artificial and the good ones are the ones where it 's just been cobbled together over hundreds of years, 
  for sure - it 's nuts that we 're one of two countries that still allow direct pharmaceutical advertising , with the other being someone with a system as fucked up as the states, 
  damn , blocked in nz : /, 
  hey , can we not delete the posts please ? 
  i love reading back on rounds i 've missed out on, 
  huh , that must have been when i was away . 
  i do n't mind them at all personally , having some content there is better than nothing , even if it is the same thing, 
  i vastly prefer boy to october , the songs in boy have this energy to them which really makes them awesome . 
  check out out of control and i will follow for some sort of idea . 
  october has some decent songs on it ( gloria is pretty damn cool , and i like with a shout ) but it also has a fair few more polarising ones . 
  i 'd also suggest checking out a celebration on the october deluxe edition for something reminiscent of their war vibe ( though really it 's a precursor ), 
  as for atyclb , i absolutely love it . 
  i grew up with that album , and for me it 's probably their third greatest album after joshua tree and achtung baby . 
  there are some gorgeous tracks on that , especially on the intl version which closed with the ground beneath her feet, 
  what i believe he means by that is that when there 's a court case on something , that ruling becomes an interpretation of the law . 
  so if for example this case did go through and a court decision was made , then the next time a similar situation came up the lawyer could say `` see this court case from 2016 which ruled like so '' if it helped their case . 
  of course i could be completely wrong with this, 
  i get to have from 8:01 pm christmas eve to 5:59 am boxing day off work !, 
   offering to find another mod, 
  that 's a good one, 
  we did this at / r/deliberatebaroque last time this came up , tags for each art style and a bigger moderation team, 
  it 'd have to be something upbeat - [ we take care of our own ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-x8zbzxcwsm ) , [ april sun in cuba ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhffuukk9y8 ) , [ graceland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdxzlefukpc ) or maybe something like [ norte\u00f1o lights ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d86u2knijka ) if i 'm wanting a little bit of mariachi . 
  that said , with how shitty the weather was yesterday it was [ this gem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfn538a_yba ) from elmore james, 
  the new kol album is amazing, 
  they 're a bit hit and miss at times , and have some albums with the cheerleader effect - come around sundown is the most like this , on their own the songs are average ( save for a few really cool ones like pyro or mary ) but the album as a whole is really cool, 
  well i know what i 'm listening to tonight, 
  hey i 'm graduating too , yay us !, 
  whereabouts ? 
  yeah pretty decent , thanks for asking !,
