  did you just quote v for vendetta on your website ? 
  i 'm sure you 're not doing these anymore , but on the off chance you are would you be able to do u2 's where the streets have no name in either ragtime or something else old-timey ? 
  on the animation of you talking on the home page . 
  when reminding people to vote , you say ` all you need to do is ` remember remember the fifth of november '', 
  yeah , i know - we have it every year over here in new zealand too . 
  was assuming you knew it from v for vendetta since that seems to be where 90 % of people know it from, 
  first thing i 'd suggest would be to verify your files . 
  that should hopefully fix the issue if it 's just a patch , but otherwise it gets more difficult . 
  i just checked some of the upgrade data 1 files and it seems like it 's a dumping ground for both patch and dlc content - some of the files it had in it were things like the `` korea dlc available '' banner and files for the natural wonders added in with the spain and inca dlc . 
  so i 'd say try verifying your files first ( right click on civ 5 in your library  properties  local files  verify integrity of game cache ) and see if that fixes it , otherwise you could be looking at a clean install of civ . 
  i 'll keep looking though , try to find an easier way . 
  hrm , okay . 
  that 's always the first stop for something like this , so it 's interesting that did n't work . 
  do you have all the other dlc , or are there some you have n't purchased ? 
  i have to admit , macaroon gave me a chuckle, 
  good thing this is nz then , huh ? 
  nah , our water is generally too cold to have any of the nasty stuff in it . 
  most of the time the water itself is the deadliest thing , rips and all that . 
  we do occasionally get some bluebottles in summer , but that 's usually only for a week or two, 
  oh , it is . 
  the water around abel tasman national park is great in summer - but cold water currents and stuff like that stop the majority of horrible stuff showing up further south than maybe northland, 
  why are you so against making a video on the israel and palestine situation ? 
  i would call it the war room , without question . 
  even when i 'm not doing civ , it would still be the war room ( mainly because i 'd probably be doing total war , but still ), 
  why did the boy fall off his bike ? 
  because someone threw a fridge at him, 
  at least you 're honest . 
  have an upvote, 
  same here - i 've got one internal left which is the exact amount of credits i need to get the endorsement . 
  unfortunately it 's in japanese , which is n't exactly my strong point, 
  i 'm going to uc - if i get excellence they give me another $ 1000 , so that 's kind of a help, 
  i was busting my ass around term two with massive internal assessments in classics , history and geography - i 'm sure my classics teacher hates me for writing oversized papers ( half a page on planetary physics in a paper on greek astronomy ), 
  sort of , but not by much . 
  i 'm level 3 this year , we 've had three years of entirely new standards with no proper examples . 
  on the nzqa website they have exemplars for each standard , to show what , for example , an excellence response would look like for any given standard . 
  usually these are taken from the exams of previous years , but because we have entirely new standards this year ( and at both levels 1 and 2 ) there have never been exams on them before . 
  what this means is that the exemplars are taken from one class somewhere in the country which sat the new standards the year before they became official , from which the exemplars were drawn . 
  given nzqa 's reputation for changing the goalposts as it were the exemplars could be different from what grade it would actually get in the exams . 
  we were looking at history exemplars today for one of the externals , and my teacher was saying how the low achieved paper would probably get a not achieved grade in the end of year , when there 's a much larger group, 
  thanks !, 
  their stuff looks really good , but i do n't know how to open the files . 
  what program should i be using so that i can convert it to something i can edit in photoshop ? 
  ooh , that looks good too . 
  do you know how detailed their hydrographical maps are ? 
  i just realised that was probably a comment in regards to the malborough sounds thing , but [ i did a quick map anyway ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nqsotdu.jpg ) , just because i need any excuse to not study . 
  it 's not my best work , and it 's fairly inaccurate ( not least because vancouver island is now vancouver peninsula ) , but i do n't think it 's that bad for 20 minutes of work, 
  awesome - i 've downloaded qgis and figured out how to add the shapefiles in , but for some reason the land one from the website is n't showing up , even though the rivers and small islands ones are . 
  they * should * be , but they 're not always . 
  geography , for example , requires you to litter your answer with `` concepts '' ( essentially buzz-words ) , even if it 's a horrible way of wording the answer . 
  the more times you use `` perspectives '' , `` interaction '' , `` change '' and `` pattern '' , the higher your grade is likely to be . 
  several times i 've only got merit , despite having all relevant information required for excellence , because i did n't use enough geographic concepts . 
  exemplars help show what sort of answer would be required to get the desired grade, 
  what do you mean shitty ? 
  that would be awesome, 
  i still prefer 2d leaderheads at this stage . 
  the only point at which i would make the move is when we are able to get decent models and , more importantly , use custom animations . 
  at the moment we 're stuck with existing ones , and i 'd rather use a 2d image than reuse stuff, 
  edit : why all the downvotes ? 
  i 'm meaning this for my own mods , i 'm not meaning in general . 
  it 's a fantastic milestone and a great job by ekmek , but until we have custom animations i wo n't be putting 3d leaderheads in my mods, 
  warning : spoilers, 
  is that the one where the whole movie builds up the relationship with the main guy , then it freezes on him being shot at the end ? 
  if you speak hebrew , i suggest you talk to leugi - he 's the original author , the leaderhead is for his mod . 
  you can find him on steam or civfanatics , both under the name leugi ( not luigi - call him that and you wo n't be recording anything ), 
  the only bit of the movie that ruined it for me was the giant ufo at the end . 
  otherwise it 's a perfectly acceptable movie in my opinion, 
  nah , all the other stuff was within the sphere of plausibility in indiana jones based on the earlier movies as far as i 'm concerned . 
  the other movies had swarms of insects / rats / snakes , so ants was n't that far fetched . 
  same with the natives , the amount of times he 's been in ruins with supernatural stuff i 'd expect something to happen , at least within that world . 
  the ufo though is just so far outside everything that it ruined the movie, 
  this year as the equivalent to a senior i looked after a class of the equivalent to freshmen ( nz , we just call them year 9 's ) . 
  i could picture this happening in the class i looked after - one guy in it that was a sexist , racist pig that loved making comments just like that , and the class also had a really small , quiet girl who had a mean left hook if you pissed her off, 
  let 's say for whatever reason the american government collapses , and new countries form in the area which was formerly occupied by the us, 
  i was thinking some sort of dystopian surveillance state , like 1984 or something, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ or ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ america, 
  firstly , i apologise for the actions of my countrymen and women . 
  while i love your optimism and pacifist ideology , the simple fact is that micronations do n't work . 
  it 's incredibly hard to get any country to recognise your legitimacy , let alone the country you 're taking the land off , even with a billion dollar buyout . 
  and that 's just to get the country . 
  you 'd be starting a country with very few residents , infrastructure , economic potential , resources and so on . 
  great barrier island , like new zealand , is in close to the middle of nowhere , in a lonely corner of the earth . 
  the only country remotely similar that i can think of to what you are proposing is singapore , which is a vestigial city state from the era of colonialism , built up because of the prominence of the location on lucrative shipping routes between china and the west . 
  singapore had what would be billions of dollars in modern money pouring into the city from trade tariffs and the like , which allowed the infrastructure and economy to develop to what it is now - with trade still playing a key role in its economy . 
  the newly-formed republic of great barrier island , on the other hand , is not on any shipping routes ( that would bother to stop there anyway ) , nor does it have sufficient infrastructure to support a city-state , nor does it have any substantial natural resources which could be accessed without pillaging the whole island . 
  the only feasible way i can see any potential for economic growth is by essentially setting itself up as a 21 ^ st century pirate stronghold , with laws protecting internet freedoms and no extradition treaties . 
  that way , the new republic would be able to not only make a name for itself on the world stage by protecting activists such as snowden and assange , but also develop the high-tech infrastructure necessary to host massive amounts of servers . 
  internet companies facing prosecution in countries like america ( such as megaupload ) would be able to host their businesses in the country to support their borderline legal activities . 
  the country could also foster a financial industry by establishing itself as a tax haven , but i 'm not that brushed up on what this would involve . 
  of course , assuming that you 've made it far enough to establish your country as a modern tortuga all the while maintaining your pacifist ideology , chances are america would be pretty annoyed at this former ex-pat giving the big middle finger to their whole efforts over the past couple years and would want to do something about it . 
  since your government is refusing to give in to their demands ( as without the industry brought by these activities your country would collapse ) they could potentially initiate a panama-style invasion of the island , potentially even with the help of new zealand forces . 
  given the size of the island and your lack of a military , you 'd be overwhelmed fairly quickly and would be carted off to the states on a one-way trip to guantanamo bay for some fancy charge of treason that is corrupt but still goes ahead . 
  so that i do n't end on such a sour note , if you 're a firm believer in pacifism , why not move to a country with similar ideals ? 
  costa rica has n't had a military in several decades , and switzerland has remained neutral in most recent wars, 
  first of all , i did n't make this , i saw it on another website and thought it was relevant since this is a discussion forum dedicated to new zealand . 
  also , if you 're telling the truth on reddit ( because who lies here ? ), 
  you were on the stock market while you were still at high school ( or did you drop out ? 
  ) , so you of all people should know not to lump all people of that demographic in the same group . 
  also , on looking at your posting history you 've completely thrown maturity and intellectualism out the window , to the point i 'm almost certain your tinfoil hat has fallen off recently . 
  you seem to believe jewish people secretly run the national party , which is apparently a liberal organisation . 
  since i , as a high school student , apparently do n't know anything about `` intellectual discourse and mature conversations '' , i 'll just leave by asking * what height were you dropped from as a child ?
