i 'm not sure about french hiphop , but russian hiphop makes you 're hiphop sound like lullabies . 
   and this hits them right in the face back at them . 
  of course background matters . 
  that 's what i was trying to say . 
  where was i unclear ? 
  yay !, 
  diversity !, 
  yeah , swedes did this . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/map-of-the-percentage-of-population-able-to-speak-russian-in-the-eu-by-country/ ) [ and here you go again . 
  ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/german-percentage-europe.jpg ), 
  * it 's closely related to our languages to start with . 
  * we have seven years of mandatory english classes . 
  * we do n't . 
  anything . 
  are kids included in the survey ? 
  equal rights and opportunities contradict affirmative action . 
  finally someone who appreciates the more controversial trends in our politics , 
   that 's not the impression that one gets when reading / r/sweden . 
  people are fuming that anyone dares to speak notenglish . 
  except that 98/100 threads in / r/sweden are in swedish . 
  you 're just mad because / r/sweden has more subscribers than / r/norway . 
   finnish for a foreigner sounds like every sentence means `` i 'm gon na hit you in the head with an ax '' !, 
  finnish to foreigners sounds like child-speak . 
  flair up , buddy . 
   welfare state like nordics everyone knows you can not into nordic , eesti . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/23d7rz/denmark_cannot_into_mountains/ ), 
   easy life a potato *, 
   and a proper city or two . 
  come on , man . 
  krakow is awesome !, 
  ^ apart ^ from ^ the ^ streets ^ being ^ used ^ as ^ garbage ^ dumps, 
  but doing so , you put in practise a system where the less corrupt countries are punished by having to contribute to the whole , while the more corrupt countries are rewarded with benefits for being less productive . 
  germans have more trust and distrust in the reichstag than in the eu-parlaiment . 
  could it be because the germans know more about that and therefore give it more praise and more shit at the same time , while having no opinion on the eu-parlaiment ? 
  because remove kebab . 
  except for turkey . 
  turkey is too stronk to remove . 
  swedish 20-year-old guy here . 
  i , as well as most of my friends , are very eu-sceptic . 
  what type of people have you been hanging out with ? 
   we 've just got quite a few crackpots . 
  we ue-sceptics base our sceptisism on the fact that most eu-states are far more corrupt than sweden , the fact that sweden pays more to the eu then we get back , and the recent arrival of numerous so called eu-immigrants ( read : roma beggars and thieves ) . 
  believe me , our scepticism has very little to do with crack . 
  i was asking the canadian . 
  i satirised over the irony in making that statement as a white north american . 
  not that i 'm against nationalism by default . 
  then there 's a difference in the degree of supremacy , not in its nature . 
   i mean , this is mostly anecdotal and first-hand , but i do n't think so many of my friends have misjudged these places . 
  i agree with you . 
  even though it 's anecdotal i find it hard to believe that these stories are wrong when they 're practically the same in every immigrant neighbourhood all over europe , from lampedusa in the south to small refugee homes in the scandinavian wastelands . 
   no , i do n't have any sources to support that suspicion . 
  as usual in this debate . 
  no , the question is angled . 
  they asked something like : would you accept immigration from bulgaria and romania if they worked and integrated ? 
  this says nothing about what englishmen , scotsmen , welshmen and irishmen actually think of immigration as a whole . 
  why is it scary ? 
  argue against it instead of stating your emotions . 
  are you trying to portray an entire group of activists as wrong based on your personal observations of grammar among their comments ? 
  so people who come from across the seas should respect and integrate with the community they reach , eh ? 
   plus , it is an obligation according to international law to help refugess running away from war . 
  says countries that have no problem with bombing libya in order to secure oil and gold . 
  so we pay for you to wash and feed the immigrants before they come to us to live on our work ? 
  this is a typical issue . 
  immigrants in sweden are always pro-immigration until some rivalising group from their homelands comes here . 
  then they turn into vicious protectionists . 
  as a non-brit , i would actually like to hear those details . 
   and as sad as it makes me , this is often just a disguised discussion of how to keep the roma out , many of who are from romania or bulgaria , and many of who - for whatever reasons - are poor and have little to no education . 
  people see them as beggars in the streets , and this is what shapes the image in politicians heads . 
  some romanians are even mad because people confuse them with roma . 
  ad hominem and straw-man . 
   seriously , we had the exact same discussion in 2011 , when germany finally liftet the working ban for the first round of eastern eu-states . 
  the result of immigration from one group of countries does not predict the result of immigration from another group of countries . 
  romania and bulgaria are countries with far greater issues than the countries previously included . 
  you can not compare romania with poland . 
   if your sex life , and your potential long-term relationship , is strictly for procreation then i can only feel sorry for you , you are in an extremely tiny , and boring , minority . 
  these personal opinions of yours do not disprove my statement that human sexuality is a means of reproduction . 
  same could be said about food . 
  food is for our survival , but we also enjoy it . 
  that does n't mean that you can live solely on candy meerely because you enjoy it . 
   he said : it 's like marrying a sheep . 
  he 's not comparing the sheep to the homosexual being wedded . 
  he 's comparing the act of wedding a sheep to the act of wedding a person of the same sex . 
  so dagestanis are russian muslims ? 
  and is there oil there as well ? 
  if so i know a country that might be interested . 
  she was a sex bomb , alright . 
  whilst rubbing your balls and your vagina . 
  that 's a straw-man argument . 
  he never called homosexuals animals , he said that their sexual orientation is equally deviant as that of those who prefer sex with sheep . 
  and he does have a point ; sexuality is a means for reproduction . 
  how can homosexuality be evolutionary sane ? 
  actually it does . 
  being in majoroty does n't protect you from being portrayed negatively . 
  heterosexuals are often portrayed by various segments of the `` lgbt '' - movement as boring , reactionary and narrow-minded . 
  they do ? 
  spain , you 're staying where you are !, 
  i need a new neighbour . 
  spain , get up here !, 
  people speak their minds , is that weird ?
