in terms of culture and the ways of the people , the north/west have western influences , the east has russian influences , and the south have balkanic influences . 
  that being said , romania was formed through the unification of 3 separate countries , so these differences are to be expected . 
  but to tell you the truth , as coming from the northern part , people in the north and west tend to have pretty bad opinions of easterners and southerners , and most people agree the majority of those making a bad name for romanians in general come from the south/east . 
  the difference is visible in almost every way . 
  no offence , southern/eastern bro 's . 
  you know it 's true as well . 
  spineless fucks calling the fence autistic and unacceptable . 
  you should be discussing how to extend it along romania 's south-western border , or how to send aid and help to the hungarians . 
  not really , no . 
  i 'd rather they keep their opinion about my country and move on than stay here . 
  has everyone actually taken leave of their senses ? 
  you must apply reason to every moral principle , no matter how big . 
  and everything in excess is dangerous . 
  i do n't oppose tolerance , i oppose letting people trample over the very values that allow them to voice their opinion , and letting them run all over you all in the name of tolerance and so that you can pat yourself on the back and call yourself a good human being . 
  no matter how you look at it , if you have an angry mob at your doorstep and you let them get in and walk all over you with impunity , and without respect for rules or laws , you 're not tolerant , you 're just stupid . 
  no , but you need to differentiate between them . 
  not all of them are hate-spouting isis supporters , but not all of them are poor refugees in dire need of help either . 
  pragmatism and caution are needed in a crisis such as this , not open hands and smiles . 
  while i applaud their intentions , they go about it the wrong way . 
  well there goes tolerance out the window . 
  the hypocrisy is real . 
  edit :  you yourself are lower tier . 
  wait ...  please do n't spout racism . 
  what ? 
  you ca n't be for real . 
  i do n't live in romania at this time , but given the recent developments , it suddenly seems a lot more appealing than western europe . 
  eastern europe has been demonized , and is being used as a scapegoat through which through which western europe channels it 's repressed xenophobia and rage . 
  pathetic . 
  i 'm never feeding the troll again . 
  see , exactly what i mean . 
  everyone who does n't agree with you is a `` nazi bigot racist '' . 
  this is intellectual dishonesty at its finest , using the trigger words of today 's world to instantly dismiss those who do n't agree with you , without considering their point of view . 
  and if you 'd read a history book , you 'd know that civilizations are built on logic and reason , and destroyed on emotions . 
  tolerance of the intolerant is cowardice . 
  it 's you who is going to be made to leave very soon , if our politicians keep going on with this puerile nonsense . 
  edit for some clarity : going to be made to leave when your home continent will turn so ugly you wo n't recognize it anymore , by those who you 've embraced smiling , blissfully blind to the reality of what is actually going on . 
  i 'm starting to really like you cunts . 
  in all seriousness , if anything , our politicians need to man up and send you help and aid . 
  you ca n't deal with this by yourselves , not for long at least . 
  and why should we care ? 
  it 's their loss if they do a hunger strike , not ours . 
  you mean i should listen to a biased , opinion piece ? 
  yep , nope . 
  do n't you think it 's a bit too early in the day to start drinking ? 
  edit : sneaky / s, 
  edit is a life saviour , brother . 
  how is it racist to control your borders and try to impose order in an otherwise chaotic situation ? 
  how about you stop talking shit , mr. chancellor ? 
   i referred specifically to the ongoing situation at the hungarian-serbian border . 
  i agree with you otherwise . 
   but do you really think the best time to stretch and stress test laws and rules are when you , practically , have an invasion at your doorstep ? 
  i know the word `` invasion '' sounds hyperbolic , but it 's as clear as black on white . 
  when borders are being challenged and you have a horde trampling and disregarding the country which they supposedly wish to get into in order to save their lives , that 's when you strengthen your borders and your resolution . 
  it 's basic psychology , and as much as western europe wishes to erase and rewrite the ways in which people and nations have been dealing with each other since the beginning of civilization , letting in such a large number of people without impunity leads them to entitlement and to the belief that they can do as they please in the country which has opened their gates to them . 
   that 's just poor survival instinct . 
  lol , reddit is smart . 
  from the other comment . 
  i referred specifically to the ongoing situation at the hungarian-serbian border . 
  i agree with you otherwise . 
  but do you really think the best time to stretch and stress test laws and rules are when you , practically , have an invasion at your doorstep ? 
  i know the word `` invasion '' sounds hyperbolic , but it 's as clear as black on white . 
  when borders are being challenged and you have a horde trampling and disregarding the country which they supposedly wish to get into in order to save their lives , that 's when you strengthen your borders and your resolution . 
  it 's basic psychology , and as much as western europe wishes to erase and rewrite the ways in which people and nations have been dealing with each other since the beginning of civilization , letting in such a large number of people without impunity leads them to entitlement and to the belief that they can do as they please in the country which has opened their gates to them . 
  that 's just poor survival instinct . 
  now now , do n't be cheeky . 
  it 's as if everybody is on a moral crusade to prove they 're better than the one next to them , at any expense . 
  the basic human flaw of putting down your kin in order to make yourself feel better has been perverted into this . 
  these words should n't be taken lightly . 
  one of the main effects of the word `` racist '' being used so unnecessarily is that it diverts attention from the real problem ; instead it creates one that is n't even there to begin with . 
  i doubt this is such a good idea . 
  do we really need schengen now ? 
  i applaud hungary . 
  rules need to be enforced and laws need to be respected . 
  edit : typo, 
  stop labelling every point of view that conflicts with yours as `` racist '' . 
  that 's a slippery slope , i 'm sure you would have learned by now . 
  good . 
  we do n't want them either . 
  how fucking stupid can merkel be ? 
  there are troubling times ahead . 
  we already have a continental crisis in our very midst , you blithering fool . 
  no , the simple truth is we do n't want to mix these people in our societies . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  cool , nobody is forcing you to live in eastern europe . 
  is this how we want our societies to look like ? 
  romania needs to step up and support this as well , but i still have my doubts whether our politicians will finally grow a spine or lick some more western ass . 
  holy crap i had no idea georgia was this rapturously beautiful . 
  how can i get here ? 
  yeah , exactly the same . 
  in every sort of official document , any sort of list , anything really ; its surname first , first name last . 
  romania does the same with names . 
  most of these are mistranslated , and have quite different meanings . 
  i was really just referring to the author of the article . 
  no reason for an / s there , that 's spot on . 
  to be honest , i think that 's one of the main issues people fail to realise when they move to another country . 
  you need to learn the language if you plan to survive , and my opinion ( being an immigrant myself ) is that you should n't be allowed to work or find a workplace if you do not know the local language . 
  it is also a sign of respect towards the native population , and a way of acknowledging that moving somewhere else should n't just be taken for granted , as well as the first step towards a possible integration . 
  unfortunately , some businesses find it easier to employ these sort of immigrants because they work for less than one who would know the language , and can also peddle them on the black market . 
  worked with a guy from bangladesh who 's been in the uk for 9 years . 
  i was speaking with him in fucking sign language .
