  nothing wrong here . 
  `` ma'am , there 's a baby under your lemur '' . 
  resurrecting in 3 . .2 . .1 . . 
  illegal instruction encoutered !, 
  really good . 
  you should post more . 
  great job . 
  hi there alex ,, 
  what a terrifying story indeed !, 
  a lot of people can learn from it and for that thank you for sharing it with us . 
  you do sound like a strong person that just went through a lot of things for your age . 
  but you did . 
  from my point of view the hard part had passed . 
  from now on everything depends on you . 
  but since you seem like an anchor for your sister and given the fact that you will , sooner or later , your better half - you have nothing to fear from from now on . 
  out of ideas ... 
  here 's one : take a moment to realize that you 're not hurting anyone but yourself when you choose to stay in that dark place of your mind . 
  and after that take another moment to learn how to love life . 
  do n't just live it for the sake of living but learn to cherish it and to love and nourish your person . 
  you are such a strong person and i know for sure you can . 
  whenever you feel that you are in that dark place that consumes you , take a break and just be selfish for five minutes . . 
  in the meantime i wish you all the best !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  well , that escalated quickly ... 
  wow you look so happy guys !, 
  great pictures really . 
  looking at you guys and seeing the love that comes from your eyes and smiles really enlightened my ( and i 'm pretty sure other redditors will agree ) day . 
  yes , we should ( or at least start learning how to ) cherish the moments we spend with the loving ones . 
  and to remember that sometimes we need other as much as they need us . 
  and then some more . 
  only half ? 
  i 'd say more on the 75-80 % side . 
  not a bad thing though , 
  and `` the butterfly effect '', 
  when the wind of change blows , some build walls , while others build windmills . 
  this works on so many levels . 
  the unsolicited advices always sucks , i know . 
  you 'll just have to man up and either follow those advises or choose to ignore them and make your own path . 
  every broken relationship may seem like a catastrophe at first sight . 
  and the woman like the perfect match . 
  nothing to do there but keep you busy for a while and maybe engage in some activities or discover some new hobbies . 
  the next one is on it 's way no worries . 
  gon na suck for a few weeks/months , no lying there . 
  you 'll probably be more caution about investing feelings and such but that does n't mean that every relationship will break . 
  have faith not in others but in yourself . 
  sometimes things do work out if you 're open and just doing your thing . 
  all the best . 
  they are planning to become the dominant specie . 
  big time . 
  they ; re doing a [ great job ] ( http://global3.memecdn.com/furry-overlords-indeed_c_3265509.jpg ) so far imho . 
  but they ca n't fool me ... 
  were those visits by a vet ? 
  with a sleeping vaccine ? 
  oh , is one of long distance relationships ... 
  ... and i 'm assuming that 's not even the final form !, 
  edit : wrong thread . 
  good job there mate . 
  as long as it defines you , a beard is a part of you . 
  keep it , nourish it , be proud of it . 
  as an introvert for many years , i 'm just starting to , step by step , break my shell . 
  discovered a lot of interesting things that i either did n't have time or motivation to try . 
  now i 'm pushing myself into being a much more optimistic person than i was before ( there are some reminiscences still of the old pessimist me but those moments are fewer and fewer ) . 
  i believe i 'm a pretty romantic person although my , sometimes , serious looks do n't quite count as an argument . 
  although i love dogs i am definitely a cat person . 
  i 've been told that i 'm bipolar - not sure but it does sum up sometimes  i love kids . 
  i like to learn new things no matter the field . 
  never believed or loved the big changes - like moving , losing someone . 
  you could say that i 'm a traditionalist . 
  sometimes i can be a real asshole , sometimes i can be very passionate about any subject i the world . 
  and . . sometimes i just do n't give a fuck about anything . 
  time . 
  it kills us all . 
  thanks . 
  how about you ? 
  seems legit . 
  google is now more of a big brother than a search engine . 
  my imagination goes places . 
  it would be fucking scary . 
  bacon ftw !, 
  ... and you lived happily ever after no worries . 
  in these conditions hell no !, 
  where you drunk to even ask this question ? 
  dude , man up !, 
  pun or no pun intended ? 
  i 'm sorry op , but this guy/gal is pretty spot on ... 
  i should n't laugh but then again i 'm an asshole . 
  that soap alone is not enough . 
  let 's all chip in with some soap for pluto . 
  hi there . 
  i feel your pain . 
  two months ago i also lost `` her '' . 
  and yeah , also lost her boy . 
  not mine , met him when he was around 2yo . 
  and after 7-8 years we split up . 
  that does n't mean that you 've lost your family . 
  it means that you 've gone different ways . 
  you 'll all live . 
  the gun idea ? 
  meh , bad bad idea . 
  what if any of them need something from you ?
