  ... or all ten players leave , 
  they should * hangout * with google mail . 
  '' * 50 * years from now family history reports will become oddly specific thanks to our current love for everything social media . '', 
  there , i fixed it for you . 
  in 100 years there may be a chance that we wo n't even use the text form of the language so much . 
  more like some kind of brain to brain direct links or something . 
  as moore 's law seems to have reach it 's limit ( or it 's on it 's way to anyway ) , you may be right about that . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  is that an original iphone or a knockoff ? 
  i would 've get into medicine instead of it . 
  this is the corect answer . 
  it it is then . 
  thx for the alternate reality check , 
  great work with the shadows !, 
  feline master race, 
  aye , pretty much everyday . 
  but then i open reddit and my house fills up with all kinds of internet strangers , some cool , some evil genuises . 
  creepy ratio for today filled up 100 % . 
  thanks . 
  cool animatronix though ( not sure if that or just cool gfx ) . 
  somehow i expected a comment like that . 
  not dissapointed . 
  weird internet ftw . 
  there can be only one !, 
  and it also smiles !!, 
  get home , change my clothes , running in the nearest park for a bit while listening to my fave ( that day ) song on repetat , go home , shower , eat something , check reddit , playing a few matches of lol , a good movie , bed , read reddit untul asleep . 
  repeat the next day . 
  hi there mate ,, 
  i would say that have two choices that 'll keep you sane :, 
  1 ) get the courage to talk to her , but really talk , about your feelings leaving asude any macho do n't talk about their feeling crap . 
  that way you 'd be honoring you , her and your friendship by being open and honest ( and you 'll also feel better after that ) . 
  if she 'll agree for you to be together then cudos . 
  if not , at least she 'll know you still have feelings for her and maybe she 'll be more carefull not to hurt your feelings in the future . 
  this may also lead to a friendship breakup also so there 's that . 
  2 ) keep it up with being a great friend and a romantic shadow admirer and you 'll feel like crap for the rest of your friendship with her . 
  you 'll need to choose one based on your personality . 
  from what i 've gathered , this situation is also keeping you emotionaly unavailable and that not fair for you either . 
  ` tis never a good idea to remain stuck in love 's hell . 
  and after you 've been pickpocketed to death by a shouting weird looking guy you ca n't even run after him with you carrying the same rusted standard imperial good for nothing sword ... 
  `` universe '' . 
  you typed wrong '' universe '' . 
  i kinda see the guy that invented the [ comunism flag ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/b/br%7dpcdb.gif ) gloating at it while the flag is on top of a dirt pile . 
  he did quite a few revisions of it since the picture was taken . 
  well now , if you say so , it must be true !, 
   what have i done with my life ... 
  came this morning , but thanks for asking brah ' . 
  that 's either a man 's hand or the hand of a very strong woman . 
  seems legit : the bees were shipped from canada to their hives in usa . 
  the honey was harvested after an indian method . 
  the section crates were from ucraine and the honey was delivered in a container made in argentina . 
  `` would you please hold my hammer while i bring your order ? '', 
  i 'm sure there 's ~ ~ an app ~ ~ a mod for that . 
  do the same but with pokemons . 
  my life is like a cheese . 
  full of said points . 
  good luck !, 
  hi5.com and myspace . 
  talking about being old , 
  you called it right . 
  it 's never a good idea to mix work and sex . 
  your cat either wants or h\u00e2d a bit of nip . 
  `` take it !, 
  take it all damn it !! '', 
  wow dude . 
  a truly touching story . 
  i have nothing else to say but thank you for sharing it with us . 
  you literally described my life . 
  except i 'm using a tablet to read , 
  good luck bro !, 
  took a few hours to propagate but now the whole world knows the truth about gaming consoles . 
  how women think . 
  and a cat . 
  you 're not the father . 
  38 ) if you forget your skype/facebook/mail password just call i.t. 
  we know all of them by heart and we 'll tell you the old password right away . 
  warcraft 2 is the free one though , 
  true , but also 14 euros x 6 seems a bit much for a single lan party . 
  ofc there 's a lil thing called . torrent but i know nothing of it . 
  in my country ( romania ) , 1st of march is marked as the first spring day . 
  and on this day we also honor the women in our life ( family and friends ) . 
  also i meant `` since is the 1st of march . . '' . 
  i blame my phone for that and reddit for not allowing me to edit my own title  . 
  edit : additional info and grammar . 
  some of us did read it though . 
  strong words and composition . 
  i think this is your way out of depression room . 
  keep writing . 
  put down your feelings and let other gather what they can from it . 
  you 're doing a great job . 
  you keep your family . 
  you take care of it and that 's admirable . 
  you love your wife and your kids . 
  you probably bate your job . 
  i 'm pretty sure you do . 
  you work hard doing something you do n't really enjoy ans that may be reason enough for a full fledged depression . 
  go speak to your doctor . 
  take the said meds and keep in mind that you have a perfect family that needs you . 
  but remember that you also need yourself . 
  so take care of you . 
  you have nothing to be embarrassed about .
