  what then ? 
  the let it go path is easy i know . 
  but not the right one . 
  try to rebuild your life and also be there for them in the future . 
  that 's what a family means . 
  when i was about 10 years old , my dad told me than the family you make is way more important than the one you come from ( if you have to choose ) . 
  still thinking about that 24 years later . 
  `` i see crazy people ... '', 
  kids first without any doubt . 
  do n't know if it 's a moral obligation or just a gene thingy . 
  but i do feel more compelled to priorities the kid ( s ) in any past or future relationship . 
  since they are pretty helpless in their first years of life . 
  was a shitty job anyway . 
  not showing all my skills at work so that i 'd have more time for personal pet projects . 
  now that 's brotherly love !, 
  2,4,8,16 , [ ... ] all the way up to 2 ^ 24 ( 16777216 ) . 
  my phone would probably be like : `` no battery dude !, 
  no 3g dude !, 
  no freaking wifi dude !, 
  update this . 
  update that . 
  update everything . 
  uuuu . . new ota . 
  update !, 
  clean me !, 
  keep me safe ! '', 
  it would be like a woman . 
  a very vocal one ( not sure about this last sentence though . 
  have to check some facts and edit later ... 
  i think you 're stupid but i wo n't tell you why . 
  would be interesting to know what to do in those 2h . 
  that would result in a very boring life i think ... 
  good one  the thing is i love my job . 
  way past that point, 
  pretty much what i 'm doing these days - although not very healthy i reckon ... 
  getting to that , although work-sleep-work-sleep would drive anybody insane . 
  doing it for the past month , will probably go on until jan. 
  too bad i ca n't blog , 
  i ca n't complain to be honest in that area . 
  programmer so go figure  i know , i know , timetable management - surprise there i 'm a mess . 
  true , but i need to keep it up for the next 3-4 months . 
  for me that would be [ snow patrol - and especially `` the weight of love '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfufwuhokiy ) song . 
  holy shit ... do i know you ? 
  if anonymity is * not * a problem you mean ... 
  probably not , reddit is weird like that , 
  well , facebook is not known as being the most anonymity friendly place on the internet . 
  quite the contrary . 
  hence my comment ,, 
  i would probably think that my house is a computer store , i probably like to program them also , big cats fan ( either that or i have an army of coding cats - not sure yet ... ) , the ` private ' folder would define me as a pretty straight guy , pretty funny guy with too little time . 
  playing some games , weed , eat , going out to meet new people or with my colleagues , sex , music ( as loud as possible ) or doing some tv series marathons . 
  ** hugs ** . 
  you never notice them ( or need them sometimes ) until you miss them . 
  * perfect balance *, 
  going at a hwn party with some friends from work and hook up with some smart chick . 
  drinks , weed and all sorts of fun . 
  i present myself in close circles as a liar . 
  if i do n't lie then i lie by lying that i lie but if i do n't lie when i say this then my statement would not be true so the definition of lying would be met anyway . 
  make them dream about being in prison for life and living every second of it as it would be irl . 
  stargate sg1 ( just got the whole 10 seasons again and plan on starting to watch them tonight ) and doctor who . 
  `` cold . 
  hooot . 
  cooold . 
  a dragon . 
  on smug . 
  complete paralysis . 
  poison . 
  has a romantic component . 
  made a program for the ti calculator that would allow me to search parts of the equations and give me the results ( predefined as we had access to the tests materials before hand ) . 
  i repeated the same thing on an android device years later ( using some sort of local search engine so that i could cover more disciplines ) but it was n't as cool as that ti programming . 
  going to the bathroom with only 3 % battery life on my smartphone ... 
  still love playing it and still finding quests after 2 years of playing on the same save ( casual mind you ) . 
  next !, 
  would give them away . 
  i agree . 
  having a temporary paralysis on my left hand a few months ago really made me aware of the horror that a complete paralysis would be . 
  if my death would result in the world becoming a better place ( like no more diseases , wars or poverty ) i would gladly do it . 
  i 'm not that important anyway , 
  on a personal level : one 's kids or any family member for that matter . 
  and ... that 's my cue for leaving reddit tonight . 
  good night . 
  well said sir , well said . 
  also sorry for your cancer ... 
  [ karma is a ... ] ( http://n4.sdlcdn.com/imgs/a/n/z/vitapol-karma-senior-rabbit-food-sdl472817553-1-408bc.jpg ), 
  if by `` modest hardware '' you mean a classic cpu and/or gpu miner , according to [ some bitcoin dificulty calculations ] ( http://bitcoinminer.net/bitcoin-difficulty/ ) , then i would say that yes , it 's way too late to mine bitcoins using your computer . 
  a quote from that page :, 
   in bitcoin 's early days , difficulty was low -- so low that any ordinary desktop computer could be used to mine coins . 
  now , so much extra power has been added to the network that only the fastest rigs are capable of mining profitably . 
  cpu mining and gpu mining are no longer effective . 
  as a rough idea , on january 8 , 2013 , difficulty was just over 3 million . 
  by january 2 , 2014 it was 1.4 billion and on march 13 , it had risen to 4 billion . 
  edit : typos . 
  wow , palazzo abatelis looks like a fairy tale in pictures and monreale looks gorgeous also . 
  thank you . 
  that would probably be the house i worked my ass off for about 4 months last summer in order for me to move in . 
  but now i 'm more that 1.700 km away from it and without having any real plans to return to my shit hole of a country . 
  found out that the old `` when a door closes , a window opens '' is true . 
  had to wait 5-6 months for the damn window to open but now is quite wide opened . 
  definitely seeing the full glass now after months of looking through the empty part . 
  so i learned this first hand which is nice , 
  so , basically warwick fucked your game .
