  ( soz if i presume ) - yeah , if it was prescribed go for it . 
  but , and i must bold it ( ca n't on mobile ) take it . 
  knew someone that when she took them ( under medical supervision mind you ! ), 
  was just great until she did n't need it anymore . 
  it does influence your moral from what i 've seen . 
  but will make you fel ok in the long run . 
  and i need to repeat myself . 
  only if you need it !!, 
  edit : modified some shit that my phone does to piss me off ... 
  you do n't need rdt for this mate . 
  breath in , ask her to a coffee . 
  or coke , w/e . 
  you have absolutely nothing to lose . 
  remember , one life . 
  make it worth . 
  cheers . 
  do n't click the link , ignore future requests . 
  anything else , please forward to [ riot ] ( http://www.riotgames.com/contact ), 
  oh my , but i did meant coca cola :d, 
  coke would be ... dunno , a bit forward  ), 
  right !, 
  time does matter now . 
  today ( or tomorow , depending on the timezone ) is the day !, 
  right back at you mate , 
  the first rule of amhetamine is : you do not talk about amphetamine . 
  the second rule of amphetamine is : you do not talk about amphetamine . 
  bunny fur , bunny fur everywhere !, 
  3v3 or make a custom of 4 players ( 2 teams ), 
  of course !, 
  i do n't wan na die mid bucketlist . 
  you did count the one taking the picture , right ? 
  tyfu indeed . 
  even i ( nonus ) know that comcast sucks ... 
  what was the gig about ? 
  that sounds like fun !, 
  hey there mate . 
  le\u021b me be honest and not giving you the bull . 
  no one can , per se , help you . 
  but yourself . 
  you 'll probably wonder how . 
  no , i wo n't tell you to not think about her . 
  do that . 
  but think about her with her goods and bads . 
  do n't idealize her in your mind . 
  you 'll fel like crap for a while . 
  find somethinf to do . 
  something that engages you and does n't require for you to think . 
  like running . 
  if it helps , u\u0219e your headphones on max ( no romantic songs though ! ) . 
  and that 's just one side of it . 
  you said she left you . 
  any good reason ( and be honest with yourself ) ? 
  if so , do you really think you can win her back ? 
  yes ? 
  go for it . 
  if that thing is a bad one , change it if it 's something reasonable and try again . 
  bottom line , you are the only person that can help you . 
  one of my exes told me once `` be happy with yourself first , then you can be happy with somebody else '' . 
  she was right . 
  i feel great now even if back then i felt line my life was over . 
  dunno if you got anything from this , but i wish you good luck nevertheless . 
  edit : phone autocorrect . 
  ` the weak can never forgive . 
  forgiveness is the attribute of the strong . ', 
  ok , now you just have to pm me an youtube link or something mate . 
  i need to break something asap !, 
  feeling my manhood slowly dying ... 
  that 's child 's play . 
  breath in and talk to her . 
  it 's a stupid reason to break up upon . 
  homeless persons - they have close to zero chances to get employed and better their life ;, 
  any child that die for subnutrition or any kind of abuse ;, 
  us - we managed to destroy our home planet in less than 300 years of industry ( not that development is bad , , but se could 've done it without destroing earth in the proces ) ;, 
  me , after reading this and realizing that there 's little i ( alone ) can do . 
  nice beer , 
  j/k aside , gz on the beard . 
  what 's your grooming `` ritual '' ( also beer helps or so i heard ) ? 
  [ my buddies !, 
  we hang out sometimes . 
  yep, 
  there we go ... 
  the premium service is well worth it . 
  indeed , the sync everywhere + offline listening + insert my own mp3s = win in my book . 
  go for it mate !, 
  well , they have to start somehow . 
  `` grass 2 : revenge of the seeds . '' . 
  this summer , you 'd better prepare your lawn . 
  rated pg . 
  tom crui, 
  until lort3 finishes you 'll either be asleep , you 're friends already changed the bar or all the bars closed up , 
  yeah , go for spore . 
  i played it like 100 times until it got to humanoid then i started over . 
  fun fun fun !, 
  check the extension again . 
  it sounds more like a double extension to me ( . html.text ) . 
  chrome , or any browser in fact , should be able to render a html file even without the use of doctype , body , etc. 
  tbh , from the title i was expecting it to be about a cat . 
  is n't life surprising ? 
  north korea ofc ... 
  google chrome,
