  give it a few days for the situation to actually sink in . 
  now honestly , would you be happy with her by your side knowing that she already cheated you once ? 
  if yes , for how long ? 
  a day ? 
  a week ? 
  it will be only so long before you 'll discover you 're not happy with her anymore . 
  you 'll discover that you developed a huge jealosy complex . 
  you 'll discover that you 're wasting your time with a person that you ca n't trust anymore . 
  and you 'll discover that you 're not happy even though you thought you would be . 
  from my pov the situation is an opportunity for you . 
  you lost a person that cheated and lied to you and you won an experience that allows you to develop as an individual . 
  no , you will not . 
  unless you 're mixing it with alcohol ( plenty of it ) or other drugs , you 'll be ok ( 10 x 0.5 is not that much to begin with ) . 
  some people have reported taking up to 2000 mg of xanax and have experienced only minor toxicity . 
  at more than 1000 times the normal daily dose , this medication is incredibly safe and very difficult to overdose on when taken alone . '', 
  read more about it :, 
  * [ http://prescription-drug.addictionblog.org/xanax-overdose-how-much-amount-of-xanax-to-od/] ( http://prescription-drug.addictionblog.org/xanax-overdose-how-much-amount-of-xanax-to-od/ ), 
  edit : also , if you did this with some nefarious scope in mind , how about you tell us about it ? 
  after all , we 're here to listen and help you , and us all after all , with advices . 
  edit # 2 : soz for my non-english words : my phone is smarted than me . 
  again . 
  i second that . 
  nparents can be a hard baggage but nothing you ca n't handle . 
  joins us at / r/raisedbynarcissists . 
  and let our experiences be lessons for others and/or you while yours are lessons to us/others . 
  sorry for recurrring but ... 
  wtf ?? ... 
  parents by definition should empower their children , right ? 
  dude/dude girl , you have a right to define yourself . 
  you 're not going to do that while you 're still near them . 
  so . . break off . 
  anything less will just consume you ( not them ) . 
  take 5 . .10 . .15 mins and think about you . 
  can you sustain yourself in the near future ? 
  yes ? 
  great !, 
  go for it !!!, 
  honestly , time is passing , and passing time does n't help everybody ... 
  i would probably , yeah . 
  do n't know if i would think about it if i 'm having a heart problem and 90 % chances to die though to be honest ... 
  when you 're facing certain things , some persons choose to get the moral things in order while other choose to put order in their things . 
  i guess it 's all about perspective . 
  ( sorry if i 'm not making sense , english is not my main language but i trust you got the idea though ) . 
  cool . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  found 2 really good coders to help me with my projects . 
  they are also willing to work online so these days i can start looking for plane tickets to go home next month after six months of hardcore work . 
  so yeah , i 'm feeling the butterflies all over the place this week , 
  home is bucharest/romania , current location italy . 
  eager is a mild word vs what i 'm feeling today yeah  ) ), 
  my projects are social media and xxx related  . 
  ca n't really detail them over the nda . 
  edit : grammar . 
  beards , beards everywhere !, 
  hey now . . ca n't say i lost somebody that close , but i just wanted to extend my sympathies . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss mate . 
  be well . 
  we 're here if you need to , you know , vent or just simply talk to us . 
  oh my . . that 's hard . 
  do you have any other siblings ? 
  hi there . 
  i used to love the notion of it . 
  now , not so more . 
  i do understand the notion , but i do n't respect the execution so much, 
  these days , people do n't really get what a marriage is anymore : a promise . 
  a promise to be next to your , well ... half , no matter what . 
  they get the idea way too ad literam . 
  so no , i 'd rather stay out of marriage than being in one for the sake of the papers . 
  in this day and age , we can find `` somebody '' anywhere - hell , we have fb , tw , rdt etc. 
  the question is : is her/he the one for me ? 
  or the one that presented to me at that one oportun time and now i 'm stick with it ? 
  that i 'm an asshole . 
  sometimes they 're wrong . 
  just , you know , saying . 
  that is one great question actually !, 
  let 's take a moment and think about it . 
  you 're still reading ? 
  great !, 
  listen , the best thing to do for you right now is to , shockingly , `` stay around '' . 
  i 'm saying this from an economic point of view . 
  sure , you could set up a fond and whatnot . 
  but , but , if you do the math , i 'm pretty sure that , in your ( natural ) life you can make way more than any fond can assure it . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the emotional price !, 
  can you put a price on affection ? 
  how about love ? 
  knowingly or not , there are persons that deeply care and love you . 
  for real . 
  how about you give us a bit more info and we can start from there ? 
  where you 're at right now ? 
  what 's your story ? 
  god ... that 's ... that 's ... actually good  ) now i 'm hungry . 
  let the downvotes pour . 
  well , it 's a trade-off really . 
  to each it 's own , but , i like to look at both parties - regarding gains and losses . 
  how would you do it if you had an original idea and need programmers ( that could anytime just . . you know . . clone your idea ) to develop it ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  so , you got here , where coming from ? 
  - nda related , right ? 
  as did i , hence this thread mate , 
  well , at least we got on common ground .
