  so , best of all to you mate , and the bug lord miss yaa '  all the best to you . 
  you sort of missing the point there mate ... 
  man , i remember the fun i had playing with loaders when i was a kid . 
  speedlock ones fascinated me . 
  also which copier had realtime compression ? 
  copy86/m ? 
  you have never been more wrong . 
  read this post ,, 
  i feel lost . 
  good , now dig a bit in the css area . 
  that 's where the fun is . 
  sober in romania -- all day, 
  oh man  ) ) love it . 
  it has to be either blood or your first born son !, 
  2.1 mb to set the homepage and search engjne . 
  mkay . . not really surprised since they probably use a. net shitty 2 lines program that needs a xxx mb runtime to run in a `` managed '' way and 5 minutes to `` compile '' . 
  microsoft be like : all your bytes are belong to us . 
  `` who 's the mother ? 
  '' , she replied . 
  what is that ? 
  a beard for ants ? 
  on a serious note , let it grow 2-3 months and come back . 
  cheers . 
  me being born . 
  i have no idea what i 'm doing . 
  what is my reason to be ? 
  just another ip visiting reddit ? 
  mages ? 
  wizards ? 
  mere mortals near you . 
  all bow to / u/webleytempest , the master of arcanes . 
  wish you a rainy storm soon enough though . 
  fuck no !, 
  btw , neither can rats . 
  you 're born with 300 bones , but by the time you become an adult , you only have 206 . 
  good for you mate !, 
  i wo n't do that just yet ( still using the `` i ca n't drink '' bit ) , but i 'll start using that after a few more weeks pass ( so that i wo n't seem like a hypocrite since i used to drink quite a lot ) . 
  yeah , i may have to trim them . 
  for a while at least . 
  thanks . 
  i will probably start to ignore invitations from people that think that `` just a beer wo n't harm you '' . 
  thanks . 
  you may be on to something here mate . 
  thanks for giving me an alternative . 
  edit : cool and relevant username , 
  well , started to smoke again for one ( i know it sucks but i ca n't handle more than one bad habbit at a time :p ) . 
  read a year 's worth of books . 
  ate a lot . 
  a lot !, 
  drank only non-soda water ( like tap water but bottled - sorry , do n't know te proper english name for it ) . 
  watch about every tv show available on my computer ( on the tablet , using the computer as a source ) . 
  doing all those mainly at night while i spent the days sleeping . 
  also stoped using the computer for almost 2-3 weeks ( ca n't explain but after years of having a beer while soing something at the computer , using it gave me . . well . . cravings ) . 
  edit : polished it a bit . 
  i like the `` pat on the beer belly ''  i 'll probably go for `` thanks , but i 'm embarasing myself if i drink . 
  cuting it down from now on . '', 
  i plan to . 
  thanks for your thoughts . 
  i actually understand the logic behind it and you 're right . 
  thanks . 
  each animal i ever had wanted and did send a daisy . 
  thanks for the awareness . 
  cheers !, 
  you want to be hated ? 
  because that 's how you get hated . 
  doctor by trade , butcher by choice . 
  wormgasm . 
  romania checking in . 
  all good , no alcohol in sight . 
  i hate it when my food wants to play tag with me . 
  go for it mate . 
  the first two weeks might suck but after that the urge will fade fast . 
  you could even use an android up to help you , like the one i 'm using https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oristats.stopdrinking, 
  a bear visiting the human zoo . 
  nothing less , nothing more . 
  they do have the money for that . 
  but also the community 's mods help alot . 
  that 's one sharp magnetic spear . 
  pulls instead of pushing ? 
  or after ... 
  mechanics . 
  not on the menu today . 
  checking in from bucharest . 
  sober friday all day ( and night ) long . 
  sober weekend in bucharest . 
  '' ... out of you . '', 
  evil masterminds at work . 
  i 'm pretty sure you gave us the wrong link . 
  get your shit together next time op !, 
  this is the [ correct one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elgtmfmrjbw ) . 
  every year , nearly four million cats are eaten in china as a delicacy . 
  catfacts, 
  you go girl . 
  if i learned anything from more than 18 years of drinking , is that alcohol brings nothing to the table . 
  hold your ground regardless . 
  my ex would agree with me  cheers . 
  teetotaler reporting : all good on juice front . 
  `` how did you loose your tooth ? '', 
  i 'd love to say that it happend during a huge fight ( that i won ) , but the truth it that i was sleeping and i almost choke with it ... 
  good to know .
