  i 'll go ahead and assume it 's a he that got you all worked up . 
  well , shit . 
  take a break , breath in , breath out . 
  pills ? 
  rly ? 
  does he , or anybody else deserve that kind of attention from you ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  in the heat of the moment things may look grim , i agree . 
  but hey !, 
  it 's your life . 
  and you matter !, 
  so good , do n't cry over an asshole . 
  be happy he 's no longer near you to fuck up your life . 
  and no . 
  you 're not lost . 
  you 're just beginning to find yourself . 
  cheers and be safe . 
  pace . 
  we all do , but at the end of the day we also matter . 
  and it 's important - for us - to acknowledge that . 
  take care gal ' and be well . 
  gim me the gps coords of that dayuuuum geo . 
  need it.tomorrow night , 
  no donnut for me today . 
  mkay ... 
  potato , poteto , potatae . . did she already broke off with you already ( a few hours passed , update the post dude ) ? 
  i think he 's dead jim ... 
  there there ... 
  here , have a pie . 
  hell , take two , you look like you need them both . 
  and you have n't seen the half of it !, 
  `` stfu and pose ! '', 
  or , as i did , generate 10 codes and keep them in your wallet . 
  that way you wo n't even need your phone . 
  and i presume one does take care of one 's wallet  then again ... 
  stop walkin ' around so much  i , for one , do n't mind to generate 10 more codes every two weeks . 
  you know , just to be safe . 
  hey now random internet dude !, 
  neah , relax . 
  no one is redirecting to / r/suicidewatch . 
  yet , 
  joke aside , being hurt by a woman is a rite for any/all men . 
  in this particular situation i 'm going to say just this to you : trust your gut . 
  do n't trust the internet . 
  lots of assholes here . 
  on another note : if she already had the trip on her mind but she did n't cancel it then ... well , that 's a bad shit right there . 
  i get you with `` getting other girls if you wanted bit '' but would n't feel the same , would it ? 
  so , dunno . . do like i did . 
  i stayed friendly with mine and just waited for time to pass by . 
  and no , it 's nothing you can do at this point . 
  just , you know , be cool and do n't stress yourself too hard . 
  oh well , my 2c . 
  like from a random internet dude to another . 
  good luck mate . 
  ok mate , let me be blunt :, 
  the cost of the trip means exactly squat . 
  if she 'd want 's to be in a relationship with you that is . 
  ofc , you could reinburse - weird - or she could just look at that loss as an \u00eenvestm\u00e2nt in you ( both ) . 
  again , and risling to repeat myself , this shit is sonwthing thatyou fell yaa ' know ? 
  as a male i mean . 
  do n't get mad , but it seems like you 're selling yourself short ... do n't . 
  just do n't . 
  you matter too mate , yaa ' know ? 
  edit : diacritic and stuff , long live my phone, 
  i 'm in palermo 'till 18-25 feb, 
  browsing reddit on a friday night . 
  everything was dark and confusing ; i knew what i 've done but i did n't care - she deserved it . 
  gave a begger 5 euros . 
  she yells after me ( i was in a hurry to get to the office ) : `` i only need 2 for food '' - she broke my heart . 
  without even blinking , after i made sure everything was as before i went raging into the room , went behind the door , hold my breath and got ready for the worse . 
  ummmmm , a long one i guess . 
  tldr of the tldr : choose pantera first then got into cracking , hacking and all that stuff . 
  never wanted to go by my usual username as some stuff was not exactly whitecoding . 
  so i just added the group handle and go from there . 
  today there are so many hackers in the wild that i do n't give a fuck and not even using my original handle for some years now . 
  1 ) buy rune pages ;, 
  2 ) change your username ;, 
  3 ) buy all the runes ;, 
  4 ) buy all the champs . 
  after all this you should be challenger . 
  if not , change the game . 
  cheers mate , just remember to gl & hf !, 
  edit : my phone hates me tonight ... 
  30ip is a bit much . 
  maybe something around 5k seems more apropriate but the idea is solid . 
  noted . 
  most of the coders would tell you to learn some framework/scrpting language or such . 
  learn your cpu . 
  make love to it . 
  learn what a stack is . 
  concepts like push/pop should be your best friends . 
  then go into oop . 
  do n't scriptykid yourself . 
  do n't learn a language for one time only . 
  today , go with java/android , obj/ios vc/v # windows , c++ * nix . 
  choose your path wisely . 
  edit : my phone acts smarter than me again . 
  always a great feeling to have another coder ' in da ' wild . 
  welcone to cood ' mate . 
  hey gal ' !,
