  good luck !, 
  this is one of those moments when i just love what random internet folks can achieve with dedication , focus and hard work . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  anything is possible , 
  we throw away so much food when we could just give it to the ones that actually need it . 
  i actually agree . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  this sounds like a nerve issue . 
  going to the doctor is more urgent that you think . 
  you 'd have to take an emg to test your nerves ( since those are triggering your muscles ) and take the appropriate meds . 
  my question is : why are you on reddit on not on your way to the doctor already ? 
  any minute you stay put could damage your nerves even further . 
  think smart man !, 
  happened to me last week . 
  still recovering and it might take up to 3 months it seems ... 
  as long as you do n't pressure it during night/sleep . 
  but you rly should take it seriously man . 
  guess so , i just do n't think it would be good for you to abuse it . 
  and yeah , please do try to find somebody to drive you , as random muscle spams may occur . 
  not a good thing while driving ... 
  i agree , but also lots of possible but improbable stuff goes unnoticed . 
  so , yeah , i 'm grateful for finding about it in one form or another . 
  human nature is extraordinary , 
  now that 's a beard !, 
  +1 for it and your supportive gf . 
  quit smoking ( already 3rd day since i have n't light up any yay ) , land a dream job ( hopefuly in the next two weeks ) , keep away from drinking huuuge qty . 
  of alcohol , get in shape while learning to take better care of my body . 
  a lot of work , 
  hi there !, 
  what a great post !, 
  i 'm glad that you over came those dark feelings ( even if just for a little while ) . 
  indeed , we owe it to ourselves to , not just remember , but also make everything posible to recreate and make new `` good feelings '' . 
  be well and thanks for sharing your feelings with us all !, 
  ty  pretty proud of that one myself if i may say so . 
  hey there jay !, 
  thanks for taking the time to post this . 
  you may be in a bad place right now ( and you may have your reasons ) , but keep in mind that life , in one form or another , is worth living . 
  we are here and we hear you loud and clear !, 
  please , if you can , give us more details about your problems . 
  who knows ? 
  maybe we ( other redditors ) can see outside the box , and give you some advices , or at least have some sort of alternatives regarding them . 
  stay safe and check out with us later . 
  be well !, 
  hahaaa good comeback , 
  slavery , civil war , prohibition , world war and after school , about fast food . 
  duuh . . we 're not plants ... 
  i feel you my friend . 
  a cheat that i 've started a couple of days ago : for at least 1h before sleeping , i get out and run in a nearby park with my headphones on . 
  then i come back , a quick shower and i usually fall asleep for the next 5-6h in no more than 20 mins . 
  i prefer to exhaust my body instead of my mind , since a tired mind does n't mean a fast sleep . 
  take care and all the best . 
  as you can see , many redditors actually read your entire post !, 
  why ? 
  because this is the right place to dump all your frustation and nobody will judge you . 
  your writting is not bad so you should really consider puting it down - on paper , web anything . 
  i also gather that you 're not giving yourself to much credit - you should , and with just a pinch of effort , not much , you should be able to do anything in no time !, 
  start believing in yourself and stop carying about what other think about you when they see you . 
  stay well !, 
  i 'll just hijack the thread for a bit . 
  this must be the most complete answer i 've encounter in / r/depression so far . 
  it may help other persons as well beside op and for that thanks . 
  i 've found out some things that i did n't even knew i needed to know . 
  great post , thanks !, 
  i found it interesting . 
  thanks . 
  a bit weird to say this , but i actually chuckle and think about the same thing whenever i see a dog taking a dump  ) as a bonus i have the hidden urge to point and laugh in it 's face `` i see you !!! '', 
  - you know , they tend to make that `` leave me da ' fck alone '' face which is quite funny :p . 
  do n't ask ... 
  indeed a sad story . 
  but maybe , just maybe , for your sister , your `` rock '' , , your mom and , why not , your uncle , you should make another effort to find that , maybe now invisible , light that can keep you going . 
  if not for them , then at least for the moment you can tell all these things in his face . 
  without intreruption . 
  do n't let him have even this last piece of your soul . 
  keep it for youself , nourish it until it grows back and use it to be happy . 
  i 'm sure that things look pretty grimm right now , but remember that the wheel of life is slowly but surely turning for everyone . 
  stay safe and be well !, 
  to be honest , if anything , my beard keeps the closer layer of air at a medium temperature - not too hot in the summer , or too cold in the winter . 
  great , now random people look at me while laughing by myself ... 
  grow it for another at least 2 months to get a legitimate impression . 
  still a lot of skin visible . 
  i would let it grow to see what gets covered or not . 
  too much beard ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't understand this concept . 
  wow the unity !, 
  this kind of post should be a sticky weekly/montly post . 
  so many lonely people get united by such a humble question . 
  great job and answers everybody !, 
  a great future , in you i see . 
  great insights , thanks , 
  and the worst thing is that , even when i feel happy ( more like when i 'm getting busy doing something ) , somewhere deep i know the sadness will come back . 
  and of course that leads to the actual depression . 
  hate those up and downs , indeed there 's some tiring shit right there . 
  h b !, 
  sorry about your friend . 
  kinda romantic in a morbid way ... 
  you could always go for cheat sheets with your programming language , some old style floppy disks would work as well in a nerdy classy kinda way , and basicaly anything printed that looks midly it related . 
  also , not on the wall though , get yourself a pair of powerballs for those `` hmm how to do this '' times , a plant is a must so that it does n't look like your talking to yourself ( or get a maskot , same output )  . 
  would get on a plane . 
  for 24h i 'd be safe or , you know , bomb the shit out of everybody at ground level . 
  wait wait wait .
