  in time , this led to mornings or even days of hungovers , unable to do anything remotely productive . 
  i had no problem drinking alone or with friends ( although , weird enough , i enjoyed drinking alone more while i 'm on my computer coding , playing or plain browsing ) . 
  needless to say i never admited to myself that it was a problem . 
  took me some time to figure it out ( 18 years since i 'm a damn stuborn individual ) . 
  how did that impacted my life ? 
  well , it got bad . 
  real bad . 
  for one , i was in a continous conflict with my so at the moment . 
  my productivity got so low , i needed a beer just to get in the mood of doing something remotely productive . 
  also got me in trouble with my side of the family and with some of the friends ( the non-drinkers ) . 
  in the last months i tried to leave the drinking habbit die . 
  little by little . 
  now , i have a few weeks since i have n't even had a single beer or anything alcoholic . 
  to do this feat , i 've ( forced by some fucked up circumstances ) isolated myself from everyone for a period of time . 
  giving the fact that i decided the worst has passed ( temptations and whatnot ) , i started to reach back to my friends and meet up for a chat . 
  now , it does seem weird for me to order a tea or a soda , but i keep remembering all the shit that happened to me because of drinking . 
  i have to endure some giggling from my friends buti just laugh it off . 
  to be honest , i 'm a bit ashamed to tell them `` hey , stop asking me to get together for a beer and start asking me to get together to catch up . '' . 
  i 'm still coping with all this situation to be honest and i may not be the most coherent person in the world regarding the non-drinking habbits . 
  so guys , how do you condone yourself when meeting a group of friends that have been your drinking buddies ( a few years ago ) for some years and explain them you 're not drinking anymore even that `` one social acceptable beer '' ? 
  it may sound like a trivial question , but i 'd like to know other people opinions about that . 
  thanks and stay sober guys !, 
  hi there me . 
  i would love to say that was a pleasure to meet you . 
  but i would lie . 
  and , hell , you did that for both of us . 
  ten times folded even . 
  i would like to say that i like you . 
  in fact , i hope i never meet somebody like you . 
  you made me feel ashamed to even share the same body and life . 
  you made me feel defeated . 
  you made me feel like nobody . 
  i 'd like yo say that i know you . 
  i do n't . 
  i never did . 
  and the bits i know of you - i 'd be better off just forgetting about you . 
  i 'm sorry - but there 's no room for both of us . 
  so , please , fade away from my mirror . 
  i hate you . 
  well , i did it . 
  30 days without any alcohol . 
  best feeling ever to not crave any of that bullshit . 
  so yeah , stay sober reddit and thanks for the support !, 
  dayum i 've been so busy with work and such i forgot about this . 
  so yeah , 106 of `` look ma ' no beer '' days , 
  yay me !!, 
  i 'm trying to figure out if i 'm happy or sad . 
  changed my life 100 % in the last 6 months . 
  lost everything that mattered to me . 
  i said fuck it and here i am again . 
  a new me . 
  that is building back his life . 
  slowly but with steady steps . 
  and you know what ? 
  i 'm not even mad anymore . 
  just a bit nostalgic . 
  ` tis time , you know ? 
  nice to meet us , have a fabulous life gal ' . 
  i 've been a redditor for sometime now . 
  i 've read good things , bad things , horrible things , lovely things , adorable things . 
  and love story related reads . 
  i 've been happy , sad , depressed , mad . 
  and i loved . 
  i loved , i 've been loved . 
  i was `` released '' into the wild . 
  i picked myself up . 
  i wondered , i asked , i analyzed . 
  now i 'm happy and feeling loved again . 
  life is weird , is n't it ? 
  hey now guys ,, 
  there 's been almost 2 years since i 've quit drinking . 
  it 's been easy ? 
  hell no . 
  it 's been hard ? 
  not really . 
  was it necessary ? 
  i 've tried to quit before . 
  a lot of times . 
  even had a reason . 
  too bad i was n't honest to myself though . 
  back then . 
  in the meantime , i 've talked to myself . 
  yeah i did . 
  talked . 
  to myself . 
  it is n't as bad as it seems . 
  it just makes you analyze yourself . 
  i did n't like what i found out . 
  there were things hidden even for me . 
  when i think about it now , omfg that was hard . 
  but . 
  not imposible . 
  so , my question is : look around you . 
  is there anything worth fighting for ? 
  anyone ? 
  how about a mirror ? 
  do you have one ? 
  look at it !, 
  you have that reflection to fight for . 
  trust me it 's worth it .
