  as in both chicks at once or using the 7 seconds rule ? 
  you 'll probably clean up by morning . 
  you know , you could if you dream that you want ... 
  be responsible for your actions . 
  also nothing is free . 
  this . 
  without the quit smoking bit . 
  done that before the brainwashing . 
  great answer mate !, 
  `` thank you everybody , do n't forget your nerve gas masks tomorow and good night . '', 
  go to my son 's wedding in a few years . 
  the last transformers . 
  apart from the visual fx , that movie was long and boring and shit . 
  i literally only remember the cool 3d effects from it . 
  although i 'm taking a break for the next 3-4 months from gaming i would say that my top games are, 
  quake 1 , skyrim and a tie between league of legends and world of warcraft . 
  talking about teamwork , 
  ... resuming, 
  a fried cockroach near my french fries a couple of years back . 
  still checking my plate every so often . 
  you know , just in case ... 
  indeed . 
  damn , no . 
  and if i remember corectly i just went to sleep that night without eating anything else . 
  holy cat, 
  by 1/5 i think he meant he 'll just have the `` relevant '' parts for the go . 
  why take the entire cow sort of speak . 
  which is quite legit . 
  now that 's a fear ... 
  are you doing anything in that regard , or you just chose to ignore them ? 
  i never could understand this fear . 
  unless it 's a .5 m spider , 
  my country 's biggest asset can fly , lures young girls ( or you know just stares at them from the darkness while they sleep ) , takes good care of his teeth ( i presume ) , but his legacy are some shitty movies made after his habbits . 
  oh yeah , he prefers to drink his bloody beverage while not being in the sun . 
  right . 
  yeah , we tend to spread like wildfire  wonderful country , shitty leaders . 
  yeah , death seems to be a recurring fear . 
  nothing one can do about it or recover from it though ... 
  indeed the landscapes are majestic !, 
  and if love travelling then you 're in for a treat . 
  some examples of any recent fears coming true ? 
  use throwaway accounts . 
  i agree with socks . 
  this is not the time to move out yet . 
  try to obey those rules for some time , and slowly try to get independent . 
  even if we do n't know your entire financial status , i will presume that it 's not stellar since you turned to reddit for answers . 
  try to find a middle way and resisy for as long as it takes . 
  some concerns from their part exists since they took the time to list all those to do items . 
  maybe other parrents would 've just shown you the door . 
  there 's hope , but you need to calm down and think about it . 
  is there anything on that list that seems like an impossible thing to do ? 
  ( although the internet part seems a bit harsh ) . 
  just ignore the asshole . 
  does he have a reason or just a random troll ? 
  maybe somebody from irl that knows your username ? 
  the man sure knew what he was doing . 
  and the execution was perfect :p, 
  random asshole then . 
  ignore the lil ' biatch . 
  now imagine an ocean of wine ... 
  chewing gum when your peeling onions will stop your eyes from crying . 
  damn it yeah ... a few years back i was on rotten ( slow day , nothing to install or service , every computer in our institution was just fine ) . 
  so , i was just viewing a decapitation i think it was , when my then boss entered my office . 
  the awkward silence kept for about 1 minute because honestly i did n't know why she would n't move ... or speak . . or you know , run the hell out . 
  no , she stared at the entire clip !, 
  asked me something work related and then just left . 
  nobody brought the incident up for the rest if the time that i worked there . 
  i still wonder if she thought that i was training for that or something ... 
  for any child or pregnant woman . 
  no , but i was curious about seeing a recorded one . 
  this could actually work . 
  bookmarking this . 
  yeah , you 're not alone  just ( well about 1 month ago from a 7 y relationship - hence the `` just '' ) got out of a relashionship and i totally feel you about the morning stuff . 
  although i try to keep my self busy ( i basicaly turned my life 180 degrees arround ) , the `` wtf now '' sentiment remains . 
  since i do n't plan in getting in any relationship till next year , i 'm getting prepared for a shitty xmas and bday . 
  the thing is that you just have to accept the fact ( important ) that you also matter . 
  and that the first person to love and care about you should be you . 
  for anything else - patience . 
  time will solve everything  ( 34m btw ), 
  as they should  the feelings will stomp out at some time . 
  just hang on and do something that you enjoy and kerps your mind busy . 
  also before sleep , do something that challenges your muscles ( i prefer running ) . 
  you 'll sleep great after that without that period of `` brain thinks about nasty things for 2h before i sleep '' type of laying in bed . 
  you 'll sleep like a rock and wake up much more rested and in a better mood , 
  great , try that !, 
  until you follow up i wish you all the best and may that the greatest of feelings join you . 
  take care !, 
  right on the dot . 
  veni , vidi , besiegen, 
  world cup : brazil - germany then reddit for the posts . 
  worth it . 
  tell him the truth . 
  since he sounds like a smart little guy , you should use this motive to explain to him about life . 
  get something good out of it . 
  he 'll be sad for a while , sure , but he will get an ideea about how things happen in real world . 
  it 's not a bad thing for a child to know about life and death . 
  just do n't use any pictures or , worse , do n't show him the pet . 
  alien, 
  that too , 
  your typical handjob .
