  thanks !, 
  i could go for a trial also , no problem there , 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure i smashed it around while sleeping until it gave up . 
  `` tooth fliez away - my job here is done ) '', 
  well , after a time you begin to wonder , you know ? 
  or replace one girl with a [ second cup ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=p8wmltygnby ) . 
  good luck mate . 
  after a week you 'll have so much energy you would n't believe . 
  thanks for sharing and good luck again . 
  yeah , better to find something else to do . 
  do n't go . 
  given the fact that you are here , i do have a feeling that you know what to do . 
  but you need confirmation . 
  so there it is : no , do n't go . 
  thanks , i plan to , 
  will do . 
  thank you !, 
  hahahaa , true dat ', 
  hahahaaa , meet you there . 
  is she still alive ? 
  or that was it 's torment 's sound ? 
  he might need glasses after this, 
  asking the important questions . 
  i 've zoomed in looking for some dragons . 
  need to zoom in more ... 
  p. sherman 42 wallaby way , sydney, 
  and a new hamsterdog, 
  somehow i got on / r/eli36 . 
  for now , i 'll just save your comment and read it again next year . 
  i 'll fully understand it for sure then . 
  i hope ... 
  i feel the 90 's once again ... 
  being evil never felt so good, 
  tipocal, 
  if is the one written by erich fromm i agree . 
  as a man , it really made me realize some stuff about me and my notion of love that i did n't know i had and/or wanted them . 
  definitely a great read !, 
  # 1 - # 99 in fact . 
  was n't there a tor folder by any chance ? 
   good story nevertheless, 
  quake 1 and skyrim . 
  on the very old side : sinclair spectrum games using emulators . 
  3upv for you both, 
  that . . this . . ughh . . :|, 
  i ca n't remember ... 
  if you 're 50g short , destroy the enemy nexus . 
  here , take my `` fuck yeah '' . 
  now i do for sure !, 
  good luck !, 
  yup, 
  openbox and tint2 - any system is complete . 
  anything else is optional ;, 
  this is probably what keeps me around also . 
  in the last 2-3 weeks my depression got so bad that i just feel every bit of humanity fading away . 
  i fear the day when i 'll wake up and there 's nothing there anymore . 
  until then , i 'm staying around . 
  that bridge burned out . 
  in the mean time i found i 'm no architect . 
  the irony is strong with this one . 
  programmer . 
  pretty good programmer but you ca n't reset your computer 's bios . . do you even out bro ? 
  note to self : buy some gold for random smartasses like this one ^ ^ ^, 
  interesting stuff . 
  any chance to be converted into an web serie ? 
  well , since you covered the crawling basics , you should continue with page analysis , words extraction , indexing and some sort of information retrieval based on this . 
  i also have experience with home grown crawlers and learned a lot - from crawler to a full fledge web search engine . 
  would be interesting to see how others solved the plentitude of issues that one meets until one can actually use the crawled information . 
  looking forward to it mate !, 
  are you still in 286/2mb ram era ? 
  those 8mb of increased memory usage really matter to you ? 
  you may have a need for kids . 
  seriously . 
  that damn ticking biological clock . 
  we ( humans ) have a need to be remembered by something . 
  dunno , something along the lines i guess . 
  true , true ... 
  totally agree with you . 
  had the same issue with a coworker . 
  made it clear that even if i 'm alone of feel only , i feel that for a time , i just need good friends . 
  she understood and now she 's a great understandable friend which i can rely on any given situation . 
  sweet , 
  welcome to the club mate, 
  sorry and good luck mate . 
  holy ... beard ... 
  is this real life ? 
  or ate them . 
  rabbits must also eat . 
  i do have some ice for that burn ... 
  a real saviour , no doubt, 
  crc8 - 4x times better , 
  i work as a software company as a software engineer . 
  loving every minute of it . 
  his dog died , he did not . 
  10 print `` rekt '' ; go to 10 [ enter ] run [ enter ], 
  what take ? 
  there 's no take . 
  just a big no !, 
  good luck . 
  you 'll need it if you decide to continue being married with an idiot ... 
  that 's it !,
