any craic ? 
  not only that , but brought it up the eiffel tower, 
  michelle smith won three olympic gold medals for swimming in atlanta in ' 96 . 
  then the drug testers came ... how do i get a country beside my name on this subreddit ? 
  what on earth is a disloyalty payment ? 
  you poor thing / s, 
  knacker, 
  this comment will only make sense to irish people, 
  i enjoyed malta , but my neighbours had a cockrel that would crow from around 5am until late morning . 
  infuriating !, 
  mcgowan shows up now and then but he 's after drinking his brain into mush . 
  rum , sodomy and the lash, 
  we do of course , but we have very strict licencing laws that forbid people from casually selling it on the street ( and drinking in public ) . 
  i would have thought that the uk had similar laws . 
  i love those things . 
  they are common in other european countries as well , though not here :(, 
  in paris you can buy hot wine on the side of the street, 
  i was hoping that , by inserting the words ` not all ' i would avoid the ` roma and romanian mean different things ' conversation . 
  i do n't know anybody who does n't know this . 
  yes , i would retract the open borders agreement with romania if it slowed down the flow of roma gypsies , despite the impact on ordinary romanians . 
  many european cities have a big gypsy problem , and my understanding is that a lot of these folks ( not all ) come from romania . 
  retract the open border agreement with romania, 
  each state already determines their own tax system, 
  oh god no, 
  what about ireland ? 
  this might be the worst post i have ever seen, 
  i 'm referring to the illegal african immigrants that aggressively hustle around tourist spots . 
  it is entirely possible that i did n't experience the best parts of the city . 
  london is absolutely beautiful, 
  the africans tend to hang around the touristy areas . 
  they are a complete pain, 
  valletta did not seem dirty to me . 
  hot , yes . 
  five or six weeks ago , during ironman . 
  i 'm surprised that you are surprised - it has a bad reputation . 
  read the wikitravel entry on frankfurt - specifically the stay safe paragraph . 
  i avoided the main station area as mush as possible because of its reputation . 
  i spent two days in the city and saw a lot of it . 
  i did not like it at all . 
  agreed, 
  vienna is the finest city i have ever visited, 
  vienna is the nicest place i have ever been . 
  it is a wonderful city, 
  i loved rome, 
  i see you encountered gypsies . 
  paris is more than what you describe . 
  it sounds to me like you let the bad parts get the best of you . 
  what a dive . 
  junkies , thieves ... never again . 
  11 arrested : - /, 
  hopefully, 
  what 's the background to your username ? 
  the serbian members of this subreddit seem to disagree . 
  what 's that little place in poland where the word is different ? 
  this article fails to mention why that far-right group does n't want a refugee camp in the area . 
  the behaviour of many refugees , from syria our elsewhere , is just not acceptable in a developed society . 
  no love for ireland in that chart :(, 
  germany fucking loves germany, 
  agreed , but where would you send the afghan or the syrian ? 
  was private eye funny once , or has it always been like this ? 
  both !, 
  i think the 30 or so years of corruption did n't help, 
  who will pay ? 
  should n't you have capitalised the not instead of the does ? 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  we irish are famously bad at ` th ' . 
  we also tend to use 'd ' . 
  `` the more you know '' is a phrase that does n't make that much sense to non-americans . 
  it 's from a t.v. 
  show or something ? 
  no it is n't, 
  i have never heard of anybody hoarding the coins before i read this article . 
  i believe the processing for bringing their family over is much easier in the uk . 
  wow . 
  that makes no sense . 
  we 're cool man . 
  that cromwell guy though ... 
  not that many ... 
  explain, 
  even ireland ? 
  they were a huge part of the referendum , in the form of the iona institute, 
  that 's not how you spell gypsy, 
  yes , delicious and cheap, 
  yep . 
  pardon if i offended . 
  lots of israelis there for some weird reason . 
  i 've heard it 's quite rough, 
  you can watch hookers from the window of the airport . 
  great place !, 
  vienna is the nicest city i 've ever been to . 
  i did n't like belfast ( i do n't like dublin either , so that should make it okay ) . 
  i thought it was wonderful, 
  munnar is great, 
  my understanding is that it 's a spin-off, 
  the daily show used to be funny, 
  agreed . 
  this is a shadow of what it once was . 
  yes , but they have not been attacked . 
  rape by the germans and the allies is mentioned in the article .
