  it 's just not the main subject of the article . 
  that is n't bias . 
  i 'm watching you man, 
  ah , understood, 
  what do you mean ? 
  how come ireland and the uk are the same colour in this graphic , but different colours in the other one ? 
  until recently jews were forbidden to wear armour here in ireland . 
  i really really hope they cut taxes . 
  they are n't capable of spending money without massive waste . 
  these people are prime ministers , not just eu bureaucrats . 
  audio issues, 
  hang on now . 
  what you said is wildly different than what the commenter said . 
  talk about straw-men ... 
  well that 's the whole point of a trailer, 
  that 's not what a gypsy is . 
  the word gypsy already means something else - you should use a different word . 
  do you hate one gypsy for the actions of another gypsy ? 
  you mean 1990, 
  he will fight to every last american, 
  perhaps it 's in reference to mozart . 
  the italian for smith is ferrari, 
  wow !, 
  i think he made his point quite clear, 
  why is our former justice minister relevant ? 
  they reported it . 
  that 's their job . 
  bbc said that ? 
  you do n't know if what is true ? 
  i 'd hate to be not applicable, 
  that 's an embarrassing comment, 
  the article conflates anti-israel with anti-semitism, 
  you can buy with a card, 
  that 's a portmanteau that i 've never heard before . 
  it 's a bit clunky really . 
  i adore lisbon ( having spent an entire 2 days there ) . 
  wow . 
  i did not know that . 
  it seems like italy is quite backwards in some ways - though it 's an incredible place to visit as a tourist . 
  do tell, 
  spectacular !, 
  it may well be , but it is n't implied in your comment . 
  that 's not easily inferred from the comment i replied to . 
  i think that the person is more likely to be armed in the us as well, 
  he 's adding context, 
  excellent !, 
  `` so where will you be going next if you want a mediterranean trip without the crowd ? 
  well malta it is ! '', 
  that 's ridiculously wrong . 
  malta is congested and packed . 
  did you know that ireland once won an olympic medal for literature ? 
  you do n't know how to compare 10k a month to 500k a year ? 
  that 's embarrassing . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i checked them out youtube after reading this comment . 
  they are very far from a death metal band . 
  i 'd call it very crappy rockabilly-esque pop music . 
  he never said `` go to war '' so it 's amusing that that phrase is in quotation marks, 
  thanks . 
  i have n't read the article , but you folks should be aware that the independent is n't what it once was . 
  it 's a silly clickbait site these days . 
  he just seems like some random portuguese guy, 
  fascinating . 
  many thanks . 
  i agree with your first sentence yet vehemently disagree with your second sentence . 
  i hate trump and wilders for the same reason i hate islam . 
  what 's a moluccan ? 
  unfortunately we lost to those pesky scotts, 
  i 'm with you !, 
  i will drink romanian wine today , in honour of your troubles . 
  i 'm the one that asked the question !, 
  why should we listen to him ? 
  go on, 
  i have limited free time . 
  i 'm happy to listen to anybody that i feel deserves my attention . 
  that is far from wilful ignorance . 
  why should we listen to varoufakis ? 
  what changes ? 
  i wonder why food is so expensive in ireland , given that agriculture is such a large part of our economy . 
  anybody know ? 
  you just do n't give a shit , do you ? 
  no pun intended, 
  the person getting the abortion usually wants to get it , so it 's often better for everybody if they can . 
  the alternative is a woman having a child she does n't want . 
  edit : on reflection , i think the ideal scenario is one where the conditions that drive the need for abortion do n't exist . 
  what 's your basis for saying that ireland has a higher per capita standard of living than the uk ? 
  the phrase `` per capita standard of living '' does n't really make sense . 
  is worse the right word ? 
  i think abortions are generally a good thing . 
  it 's got little to to with crappy journalism . 
  the articles are completely fabricated by non - journalists for advertising revenue . 
  i think it is a tongue in check response to a post that was on here a few days ago, 
  this subreddit does n't promote multiculturalism . 
  if anything it leans right . 
  no baths ? 
  it was n't political correctness that kept newton religious . 
  it means you 're wrong , but it does n't mean you 're less intelligent . 
  newton was religious ; as are many respected scientists today . 
  why is finland so high ? 
  is it possible that the driver was killed early in the process ?
