he knows it 's bullshit , but he has to justify their actions somehow . 
   how else are you going to swing this exactly ? 
  age-adjusted educational statistics would be more informative . 
  a degree is barely more than a piece of paper these days . 
  fuck off to the eu then . 
  what 's keeping you in britain ? 
  hahaha , all armies are to `` defend '' their countries , comrade . 
  `` dangerous fantasy '' - some remaintard . 
   well we do from places like germany and france if i were allowed to ban only two european nations from britain it would be france and germany . 
   or as if the government has dodged trying to actually put forth a firm position at what it really wants or tries to achieve through this the government campaigned for remain . 
  what they want now is to do as instructed by the people on june 23rd 2016 . 
   leaving the actually reasoning behind the move lost in a nebulous cacophonous mass of people each of which thinks he is speaking for the larger whole , making arguments who have mayfly lives before someone says the exact opposite . 
  it 's called debate . 
  it gets settled in a vote . 
  debate over . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  for you it 's `` the government said this , the government said that '' . 
  you are subservient to your government . 
  for us , we tell the government what to do , and they do it . 
  the difference in mentality between you and us is considerable . 
   i kinda like the employment and tax revenue they give us  : / you might not like the immense economic damage they cause ( you know , 2008 and all that ) . 
  i find the left 's change of heart towards goldmans and co. , to be a stark demonstration that they have not principles . 
  not for us : ), 
  devastating . 
  what a terrible tragedy . 
   a populist is someone using complex problem and answering to it with very simple and often stupid arguments in order to defend its bigoted and usually nationalist and/or racist view of the word . 
  i see . 
  no , i 'm not a populist then . 
   what 's wrong with the eu then ? 
  nothing , it 's lovely . 
  yes , i know there is a contradiction between what the manifestos say and what the media interprets the result to be . 
  but forget about hard/soft , the crucial point s that the media interprets the result to mean staying in the single market . 
  farage said that the general public actually do n't pay too much attention to manifestos , and i think he is right . 
   i find this attitude from underdeveloped and/or de-industrialized countries especially tiring . 
  you 're a genuinely funny guy . 
  but you 're still factually wrong . 
  you do n't spend any of your tax on us , and the fact that you think you do speaks to your delusions of grandeur . 
   are we supposed to be grateful that you are lacking a competitive edge now ? 
  we have always lacked a competitive edge . 
  we 're not very hard working . 
  we 've never been particularly efficient or organised . 
  it 's just not part of our culture . 
  we kind of just muddle by , and somehow it always works out . 
  god is an englishman , i guess . 
   at any rate , that 's exactly what greeks said when things went south : `` but , but , but we are buying your submarines . 
  and cars . 
  and railroad equipment !, 
  we are buying more from you than vice versa ! '' . 
  yes , my dear man , therein lies the problem !, 
  the poor greeks . 
  germany 's new humiliation toy . 
  every time you want to feel good about yourself you turn to the nearest greek and extol your virtues and put them down . 
  but we 're not greeks . 
  we , uniquely amongst europeans , refuse to take your shit . 
  always have done , always will . 
   so , let 's just agree that it 's a great thing we can stand by the side watching you decline and are under no obligation to `` rescue '' anything . 
  y sorry , i 'm just not buying your `` i 'm german , i 'm superior '' shit . 
  like i said , we 're not like other europeans.we will be fine in ten years and i think everyone knows that even if they do n't want to admit it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what 's a populist ? 
   what 's wrong with the single-market from your pov ? 
  the single market is the heart of the eu . 
  if you 're in the single market , you 're in the eu . 
  your tax money on us ? 
  we pay net 10bn gbp per yer into the eu and are the biggest market for your cars . 
  money flows from us to you , not the other way round . 
  and let 's not talk about failed empires , the last one you had lasted 6 years and was not great , to be honest . 
  i 'm not sure if the uk will be economically better off in the long term , it may or may not be depending on many factors that are too difficult to predict . 
  regardless , my motivations are not economic , they are ideological . 
  i would ** personally ** be better off if we stayed in the single market , but i would happily lose everything if it meant the uk leaving . 
  foreigners are not my target audience . 
  i would cry tears of joy if it finally happened . 
  leaving the single market and customs union . 
   britain , britain never changes ... and do n't forget it . 
   by 2019 the uk will not be a member of the eu with or without the deal . 
  hopefully no deal . 
  there is nothing the europeans will offer us that will be better than just leaving . 
  budgets are done on an annual basis and are limited in scope up until 2020 . 
  by the time we have left , we will have paid our obligations , and it will be maybe another 20bn euro more based on previous years . 
  there is literally nothing past 2020 which we have signed up for . 
  the 100bn figure is made up , it is not based on any budgeting , if you have a single shred of evidence to the contrary please do show it . 
   the bill demanded by eu member states has inflated significantly in recent months as countries including france and poland adopted a much tougher stance on britain 's financial commitments after brexit . 
  ok , may as well make it 200bn if it 's based on feelings . 
  in fact , go for 300bn !, 
  be really tough grrrrr !, 
   the uk commited to these payments and there should be no question at all to pay them !, 
  you think the uk committed to 100bn euro payment ? 
  does that even sound like it makes sense ? 
  we make a net contribution to the eu of about 10bn euro per year , you think the uk signed a contract to pay * ten years ' worth of net contribution ? 
  * no of course not . 
  this is not a contract we have to pay up , it is basically the price the eu has set for us to be allowed to negotiate ( not agree , just negotiate ) a trade deal , and they are selling it to the eu proles as if it is an outstanding payment to be made . 
  haha , i 'm waiting for the novelty swastika fidget spinner executive toy . 
   why are poc under-represented in the uk armed forces and police ? 
  simply because `` poc '' do n't want to go into those professions . 
   this is the week that teaches us that being in the eu serves our self interests and being out of it serves hers . 
  er , we 're still in the eu . 
  the fire happened whilst we 're in the eu . 
  being in the eu did not prevent this fire from happening . 
  the most terrifying prospect is if they chicken out and cause us to fall back into the eu black hole . 
  this article is garbage .
