  they key ? 
  be genuine . 
  the problem with european multiculturalism is how extreme it is from both sides . 
  you have a minority within the minority praising sexism/intolerance under the guise of multiculturalism and then you have a majority reject entire cultures because of minority opinions , which in term makes everyone in that culture insular and makes those opinions prevalent . 
  hate sexism in extremist islam ? 
  do n't hate on islam . 
  praise islam , compliment halal food , comment on the quality of arabic arts and deep history , welcome those people into your home with open arms , and speak out against * sexism * specifically . 
  not `` those muslims '' but `` that sexism . '', 
  otherwise you create a culture of intolerance . 
  if you define `` muslim '' as `` sexist '' and then tell muslims that they should renounce their faith , they 'll embrace sexism as they cling to their faith . 
  tl ; dr : do n't be a hater . 
  it does n't work . 
  why should they be tolerated ? 
  this is not a public forum , this is a private one , subject to the whims of its users and being banned from here is not equivalent to having your freedom of speech impinged upon . 
  i learned similar things in virginia , after 9/11 . 
  it 's not uncommon . 
  since you exist - could you maybe take hold of the frequent and blatant racism in this subreddit ? 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  posts link to a shoe store that 's 50 % american brands . 
  claims you wo n't find these in america . 
  http://piperlime.gap.com/browse/division.do?cid=15963 this is n't even high end/microbrand . 
  what a marvelous collection of ignorant stereotypes . 
  well done , lad , you 're a douchebag . 
  in the absence of a clear threat the well-off are n't willing to support the faltering . 
  i mean , yes , we have a mere handful of `` refugees '' but we do have about 11.5 million illegal immigrants so it 's not like only the extremely educated can get into our nation . 
  that 's pretty much accepted as fact . 
  it 's a council estate . 
  low income housing . 
  what people lived there for thousands of years ? 
  come now , no need to exaggerate . 
  he told them he `` do n't drunk . '', 
  he 's saying there is no country named `` palestine '' not that there are n't a `` palestinian people . '', 
  there is no country named `` kurdistan '' but no one is arguing there are n't a kurdish people . 
   the campaign seems to have centered on his claim that the palestinian people do not exist : he did n't claim that though . 
  read your quote . 
  i 've heard a few variations on the pedophile elites , and have always laughed it off , and then come out the british . 
  i mean , holy shit - their elites * were * pedophiles for a generation and it 's still being covered up . 
  to be fair , ukraine has had the fundamentals for growth since the 90s , yet the oligarchs have sucked up all of that potential for the past 20 years , and * that has n't changed . 
  so , heads up to anyone who bookmarked this thread and wants to avoid my mistake - if you attempt the francesinha , do not - i repeat - ** do not ** use a hoppy beer . 
  use something light like a corona . 
  this post was great , thank you . 
  what 's really cool about this is that the black sea has a very stable anoxic layer , so shipwrecks decompose much more slowly ( or not at all ) compared to other large bodies of water . 
  the luddites were right , though . 
  the working class experienced wage depression for about 50 years following the start of the industrial revolution . 
  in the long term , it was ( and hopefully is ) for the best , but that does n't mean a generation or two wo n't be screwed . 
   kestenbaum : the truth though is that for the luddites - the weavers , the guys with the big scissors - things did not get better . 
  they did n't get better in their lifetimes . 
  things did not even get better for their kids . 
   goldstein : when you step back , when you look at what happened in england as a whole around this time , it is shocking . 
  for 50 years , in this moment when england is building really what is the first modern high-tech global economy on the planet , they 're creating all these industrial fortunes , but average wages for workers do n't really budge . 
  source : http://www.npr.org/templates/transcript/transcript.php?storyid=404701816 ( non-academic podcast , but it 's an interview with an academic . ), 
  polk took over half of north america , then died . 
  you 're really not helping ukraine 's image by defending azov and svoboda . 
  they 're both pretty fucked up groups . 
  belarus suffered the most from the chernobyl fallout , i doubt they 're going to be lax with this power plant . 
  they might cut corners with international compliance but i 'm sure they 're building with strict design compliance . 
   and while it 's true that a number of individuals slip through the gaps , that number , as a percent of total immigrants ( immigrants broadly speaking to include total immigrated persons ) , is fractional ( ~ < 10 % ) . 
  completely false . 
  in the us , there are about 13 million green card holders , and about 11 million illegal immigrants . 
  our economy is fine , our immigrants ( illegal and legal both ) are net gains to society , and 95 % integrate within a generation . 
   http://www.migrationpolicy.org/programs/data-hub/charts/annual-number-of-us-legal-permanent-residents  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/19/5-facts-about-illegal-immigration-in-the-u-s/, 
  if they 're not compliant with building codes , why bother with a federal law ? 
   so the smoke from the factories and power plants of germanys neighbors does n't blow accross their borders as well ? 
  have you looked at a map of europe ? 
  no matter which way the wind is blowing everything must end up in germany one way or another . 
   ah yes , proving true the old adage `` all smoke blows up a german ass . '', 
  where is the outrage at the serbs paying the ransom ? 
  that would only encourage further kidnappings and loss of life , and of course terrorism . 
  he 's kind of a shit example , being held in a german prison for most of the war . 
  there were definitely collaborators though . 
  which is ludicrous too !, 
  apparently 35k is the minimum living wage , unless the uk really needs you , in which case fuck you - make due with 25k . 
  smart bullets are the next thing . 
  the 90s in ukraine and russia were far worse than the 80s in terms of economic prosperity . 
  industries failed , savings were wiped out , and corruption and gang violence was rampant . 
  it 's a large part of why russia is so conservative these days . 
  along with thousands of civilians . 
  `` yeah , i know it down to the day . 
  they 're both . 
  the earliest populations have been there since bc , but there were later migrations , grecotatars , greek jews , and all kinds of messy shit . 
  most were forcibly exiled to the mariupol area in ukraine about 200 years ago . 
  you 're speaking with such confidence yet islam is built on hadiths which were not written down in the koran . 
  if there were such a system , i assume each code would be a `` once and done '' type of deal . 
  you 'd have to find a new typo . 
  if you want a / r/conspiracy answer : i noticed a while back that many of the top articles have weird typos and idiosyncratic word choices . 
  it might be a way of signaling to a bot net to upvote this article without communicating directly to them . 
  assume each actor is acting in their self interest , if actor 1 has twice the power of actors 2 and 3 , actors 2 and 3 have to team up to match actor 1 . 
  however the act of teaming up necessarily requires sacrificing something to reach a common ground , meaning that the per-unit-power effect of the power of actor 1 is more self-beneficial than of actors 2 or 3 . 
  a business parallel : the optimal business with 200 employees is more than twice as efficient than two optimal businesses with 100 employees each because of fixed costs . 
  germany and france have disproportionate power over the eu bureaucracy . 
  the reason the `` eu '' cares is because it germany and france care . 
   the largest contribution shown in the above ( by the us ) is about 0.002 % of the eu 's contribution . 
   nothing wrong with the sentiment but it 's actually about 1 % , and also a good chunk of that 11bn is in the form of loans . 
  at least 3bn , from what i 've skimmed so far . 
  the turkish border is at sea , and blockading turkey would be an act of war . 
  i have n't seen an inkling of proof regarding gulen 's involvement , just a lot of mass purges under the guise of gulenism . 
  dude , `` microeconomics '' also describes a field called `` behavioral economics . '', 
  merkel said that , not the eu . 
  it means fuck all in the long term . 
  however the eu also ca n't force the uk to leave .
