to be fair , it 's not exclusive to russia - quite often on this very subreddit , i see europeans blame the us for the action of their ( european ) governments . 
  oh , in mine it was that if you do n't finish everything you ca n't get up from the table , so for about a month the teacher and i had a standoff . 
  every day i 'd sit there for three-four hours , refusing to eat . 
  you family knows whats up !, 
  :d your girlfriend ... well , you can always find another . 
  oh , how i miss that bread . 
  it was around up until the early 2000s . 
  now even when i visit it 's not the same . 
   coffee was brewed `` turkish style '' , which means that boiling water was poured onto the coarsely-ground coffee , and this custom is still practised here and there . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 that is not how you make `` turkish style '' coffee , nor was it how you made it in the former ussr . 
  edit : i guess ukraine was different from the rest of the fsu . 
  in ukraine , [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_coffee ) is turkish coffee . 
  the trick to making it well is to never let the water reach a full boil , so having turkish coffee described as being made with `` boiling water '' made me cringe a bit . 
  on another note , i was eating at a greek place a while back and ordered a turkish coffee , only to be told quite angrily that , `` like many other things , the greeks invented this style of coffee , and the turks merely appropriated . 
  would you like a ` greek coffee ? ' '', 
  made my day . 
  that attitude is why sweden has radicalized minorities . 
  if i recall correctly ( and there 's a good chance i do n't ) bandera was already imprisoned by the nazi 's at the time of the massacre . 
  though i agree - his glorification is a bit distressing . 
  i 'll be there on friday !, 
  we can grab a drink . 
  alright i think i 'm having a moment , but how are you getting a 5.75 % from those numbers ? 
  well , thank god for freedom of movement . 
  ukrainian !, 
  french . 
  awesome , i 'm going to portugal in october !, 
  :d i 'm flying in to/out from porto , but i 'm thinking of making my way down to lisbon and back , maybe with some random stops in a village or two along the way . 
  let me know if you 're around either and want to grab a drink , or have any general advice . 
  sounds like it 's basically [ the high line ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_line_ ( new_york_city \\ ) ) , but longer and before it got renovated . 
  these fascists make me want to cry . 
  this is yet another people 's movement , a movement that could have made ukraine into a prosperous nation , being soiled by small-minded bigots with no sense of perspective . 
  these same politicians tried to repeal the language law when the nation was on the verge of civil war , so now look at our nation - russians in crimea and some welcoming them . 
  really , north america is a success because it adopted european liberal/social democracies ? 
  i do recall some monarchs being around , right around when the usa became a democracy . 
  hell , europe still has monarchs . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  however that 's a topic for another day . 
  bravo !, 
  you saw through my brilliant disguise and unmasked me as george w. bush himself !, 
  i do n't know if i would call visiting a protest , going up on stage and pledging support `` reserved . '', 
  well , it is pretty blatantly a coup . 
  the right sector alone is opposed to the quite reasonable deal that every other opposition party and foreign observer signed . 
  disregarding the deal that the opposition , foreign mediators , and the current government signed and threatening violence is by definition a coup , and it 'll leave the nation worse off . 
  is n't this thread just beautiful demonstration of european hypocrisy ? 
  when there is a chance to snub russia , you send your politicians support political upheaval , when there 's a chance to fix the mess you helped create , it 's all `` let them deal with it . '', 
  oh please , i 'm surprised any of them are turned away at all . 
  the man behind yanukovitch landed safely in london and will enjoy a life of leisure , like dozens of other billionaire criminals . 
   rinat akhmetov , ukraine 's richest man , landed in london on his private plane . 
  he was met by protesters . 
  http://www.sras.org/ukrainian_politics_people - a who 's who of ukrainian politics . 
  this post is n't related to the protests . 
  what a great way to kill a discussion . 
  might have been an interesting article , but the speaker lost all credibility here :  ma : i think what they hope and i 'm not entirely wrong , president yanukovich and the ukrainian police forces will back off . 
  after all they were repeatedly confronted by violence on a smaller scale . 
  they backed off , they compromised , they released hundreds of people involved in very bad acts a few weeks ago , they released them only this week . 
  that actually has helped to provide the hard core of people to take part , because the tragedy in this situation is really how few people are playing a part in this . 
  we are talking about 2 or 3 thousand very aggressive rioters , just some of them provided with firearms , some with molotov cocktails , but the country of almost 15 million people is held hostage by a very radical small group . 
  ukraine is a nation of over 45 million people . 
  if almond ca n't get facts that basic correct , i 'm not sure i trust the rest of his analysis . 
   the situation in ukraine is not the only thing going on and practically the entire frontpage is being so dominated by it that it 's strangling all other content . 
  if the readers of / r/europe felt there was too much ukraine-related content , they would downvote it . 
  the ukrainian posts are well within the scope of this subreddit . 
  here 's a fun fact : the oligarch behind the current president retiring to a life of leisure in the uk . 
  are n't sanctions great ? 
   http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1yblyi/ukraine_revolt_sticky_post/cfk98na, 
   who are the people who are following the orders to shoot down protestors ? 
  because they are and were being shot at . 
  many policemen are dead , many are hospitalized from gunshot wounds , many are hospitalized from the constant barrage of molotovs . 
  sadly , this tragedy became `` us vs. them '' on both sides . 
  people see their comrades dying for no good reason and they fight , and they kill , and people see their comrades dying for no good reason , and they fight ... 
  seriously , 90 % of my superbowl-related posts were on / r/europe . 
  eh , if the eu goes full-guillotine the swiss will revote , no ? 
  if only doctors have to be subject to this , fewer students will become doctors . 
  if everyone is subject to this , there will be mass protests . 
   `` rechts stehen , links gehen '' on the escalators ~ ~ in germany ~ ~ everywhere ! . 
  nothing is more annoying than bad escalator etiquette when you 're running late . 
  dude looks to be speeding on an icy road with pedestrians . 
  `` haha , i 'm ignorant of another culture * and it 's hilarious !, 
   it 's supposed to be aproximately as efficient as other plasma thrusters using hall effect , while being much cheaper than them because it uses cheaper krypton ( $ 33 per 100 g ) instead of xenon ( $ 120 per 100 g ) . 
   certainly , that 's not a concern with space travel . 
  that 's an entirely negligible price difference . 
  bandera deserves no respect . 
  he killed russians , he killed poles , he killed ukrainians , he killed basically everyone who disagreed with him . 
  most of that is criminalized in western europe/usa also . 
   big hailstorm !, 
    not a single picture of the actual hail . 
  i do n't understand how you guys are all patting yourself on the back for being above misconceptions while making an astounding amount of generalizations about americans ... 
  certainly not in this subreddit . 
  i ca n't count the number of times i 've heard `` russia needs to move towards europe '' or `` russia lacks european values '' as if it 's not an enormous part of europe . 
  queer is n't really a slur , it 's a word that 's completely owned by the lgbtq movement - to the point of having a letter . 
  parts around kiev get darker , south-eastern gets brighter . 
  `` very content with my phone , if i buy a new phone i 'll go with something totally different just so i can say it 's ` european . ' '', 
  the fact that the eu took a strict `` no renegotiation '' policy , mostly . 
  that 's pretty much what ukraine wanted to do - eu association with a bailout but the eu rejected that and tried to play hardball . 
  blame germany . 
  so ... it 's naive to rely on the government for granting safety of individuals , unless you want to rely on the government to grant safety for individuals by violating their civil rights , then it 's okay because of terrorism ... am i following you ? 
  keep living up to your name . 
  that sounds fantastic . 
  there 's a thing called a `` warrant ' exactly for situations like that !, 
  to answer your second point - europe depends on russian gas so it 's very unlikely they 'll take direct action .
