  the uk could stick around for a decade , negotiating the conditions of their exit ; which is why eu politicians are going to the media and asking for an immediate exit . 
  no one asked for prayer rooms . 
  the students were praying just fine , then an issue was made of them praying in public , and the solution was a dichotomous `` it 's either state funded prayer rooms or we ban prayer ! '', 
  what nonsense . 
  it 's either a football field , the statue of liberty , or the empire state building . 
  the volume of observations this will be making will likely be too large for a full-access api . 
  maybe some snippets ? 
   if muslims were able to fit into germany then you would expect their distribution to start to match that of the real german population . 
  if you disregard history or economic realities , sure . 
  the biggest and most obvious point to the contrary is a little thing called deutsche demokratische republik aka east germany . 
  moving beyond that , within west germany turks immigrated to specific locations to address specific labor shortages . 
  there was not a uniform distribution of need of labour , thus why would one expect a uniform distribution of people ? 
  finally , there is this assumption that populations equalize , but that 's not really true . 
  there are more bavarian in bavaria , despite bavaria being part of the larger german republic . 
  if bavarians integrated with the other germans , you 'd expect to see them everywhere , no ? 
  then you should know better !, 
  the population of muslims is distributed differently than the population of non-muslim germans . 
  instead of starting with your conclusions and working backwards , why do n't you start with the data ? 
  only if you have very little understanding of statistics . 
  presumably this is for his advertising income not his football income . 
  his advertising income is generated all over the world not in spain . 
  the states with trade surpluses financially support the poorer states . 
  thanks for bringing that up , buddy . 
  the us * is * a model to follow in that kind of union . 
  abortions are constitutionally protected in the us , so no matter what laws are passed they 'll remain legal in the states - in * every * state . 
  the presence of a `` few '' nations in europe already puts europe in the `` less progressive '' category , but it 's more than that . 
  take one of your examples : germany . 
  a quote from wikipedia :  a new law was passed by the bundestag in 1992 , permitting first-trimester abortions on demand , subject to counseling and a three-day waiting period , and permitting late-term abortions when the physical or psychological healh of the woman is seriously threatened . 
  the law was quickly challenged in court by a number of individuals - including chancellor helmut kohl - and the state of bavaria . 
  the federal constitutional court issued a decision a year later maintaining its earlier decision that the constitution protected the fetus from the moment of conception , but stated that it is within the discretion of parliament not to punish abortion in the first trimester , providing that the woman had submitted to state-regulated counseling designed to discourage termination and protect unborn life . 
  that right there is worse than the worst laws passed by american pro-lifers . 
  abortions are , legally speaking , murder . 
  the government can choose not to persecute them but it defines from a legal point of view , a clump of cells as a person , and goes to rather extreme lengths ( waiting period ? 
  seminars ? 
  the worst us conservatives have managed is a mandatory sonogram ) to prevent abortions . 
  so where abortions are allowed they are a legal gray area where rights can be stripped away at the whims of a small majority . 
  in quite a few nations/microstates they 're allowed only on the conditions of rape/health . 
  it 's not that different from the rest of europe . 
  europe 's less progressive than even the usa when it comes to abortions . 
  china and the rest of the far east are the ones that have it right : no questions , affordable , stop and go abortions . 
  i 'm american . 
  i 'm just not * from * america . 
  i know it 's a foreign concept to most europeans . 
  that , and / r/europe is even more prejudiced against ukrainians than against americans . 
  it gets in the way of discussions . 
  ukraine ? 
  never knew that about my origins . 
  i hardly think taking a paper from you is `` violent . '', 
  what are the positions ? 
  does it matter ? 
  the eu is full of democratic states . 
  if you have a problem with the actions of your government , vote them out of office , do n't blame the us . 
  the us is just another state acting in its best interests . 
  should n't that calm you ? 
  educate you ? 
  we have tons of muslims and none of the problems . 
  perhaps the problem is n't the muslims ? 
  eu enforces sanctions , europeans blame the usa . 
  own up to your shit . 
  you probably did . 
  communist ukraine did , i do n't see why poland would be any different . 
  no such thing as `` most offensive word . '', 
  it 's fairly offensive , though . 
  i think it 's short for pedorast , though . 
  that would be russian . 
  europe ! = european union . 
  a select few who are willing to go to extremes and a government that 's willing to appease to them at the price of liberty for non-violent protesters . 
  leader of opposition party arrested for corruption . 
  where is the european outrage , a la tymoshenko ? 
  i 'm generalizing european redditors from their comments , not europeans from their movies . 
  which also exists in the us in the form of magnet schools . 
  look into the nyc public school system , for example . 
  obviously , someone somewhere has been bullied . 
  in america , in france , in catalonia , in scotland , and etc. 
  the fact of the matter is that it 's rare , it 's usually over by the end of middle school , and in the last decade it 's been really clamped down on by both laws and administrative policies . 
  that 's not really true . 
  you 're unpopular if you ca n't manage a conversation . 
  some of the awkward kids think they do n't have friends because they 're smarter than everyone , but that 's just a defense mechanism . 
  in reality , intellect has little relation to popularity , or if there is a relation , it 'd be a direct one between being more intelligent and having a social life . 
  no one gets bullied , unpleasant people just get ignored . 
  see , even as you stereotype america you 're stereotyping europe as well . 
  every european student i 've spoken to ( half a dozen ) said that their school had a graduation dance . 
  that 's pretty much what prom is , except it happens a bit earlier . 
  no one really cares about it to the extent you see in the films - you dress up , have fun , have an excuse to skip school the next day and rent a beach house for the weekend . 
  it happens , yes , but with none of the tense drama you see on tv . 
  some people get dates , others go alone , some go with friends , some dress up , some wear jeans , most do silly dances and laugh a lot and have fun with their friends . 
  depends on the teacher and the level of the class . 
  bad teachers teach facts , good teachers teach concepts . 
  social studies was mandatory in my case but that 's not representative . 
  was n't a thing in america either . 
  also note that absolutely nothing he said is representative of american schools , not even the `` one school for all '' thing . 
  in many municipalities gifted students can apply to magnet schools , in most there is an alternate school for the severely undereducated , and within all schools there are divisions based on which level of class you want to take . 
  for example , every junior has to take an english class , however most schools offer basic , honors , and ap ( college level , at some universities you get credit for these ) english , so while you might be in the same building as students with differing academic abilities , you really only interact with the ones at your level for any given subject . 
  nyc is much more welcoming . 
  few ( if any ) americans i 've met are praising the soldiers for going abroad and killing people . 
  they are praising them for * making a sacrifice * for the good of the nation , for entrusting their lives to the electorate . 
  so when you disagree with a war - the occupation of afghanistan , for example , - you take your distaste and aim it at the politicians and the hawks that elect them . 
  the american view is that a soldier is a giving himself to the will of the nation , so when things go bad , you do n't blame the soldier , you blame the men that put him there . 
  if you 're a voter , you blame yourself - and you make your voice heard and campaign to stop the wars . 
  the thing is , there is no `` you '' here .
