  america has well over 300 million people , with diverse opinions on every issue , including this one . 
  my comment was directed specifically at the redditors on this website who are on one hand shitting on american militarism , and on the other * actually serving in the military . 
  iraq/afghanistan veterans as well . 
  a huge percentage are homeless , many suffer from ptsd . 
  the treatment of veterans is shameful . 
  however , that had absolutely nothing to do with this post , so i 'm rather baffled as to why you 'd bring it up . 
  as an american , i have to say that the disgust you folks have towards my compatriots for praising ( sometimes excessively ) our soldiers mirrors the disgust i feel towards the many conscription-based armies of europe . 
  that you are so okay with * actually being in the army * but so uncomfortable with praising it illuminates a huge cognitive bias . 
  british oil firms got access to oil . 
  that 's about as much as the us got out of that clusterfuck . 
  the french . 
  english thinkers ? 
  sure . 
  english law ? 
  never . 
  fundemental english values like `` freedom of speech ? '', 
  as if . 
  you guys have crazy purchasing power . 
  holy shit . 
  $ 25 would buy you dinner and a glass of wine for one at a decent ( not nice ) restaurant in nyc . 
  dinner for two , with alcohol * and * dessert ? 
  i 'm jealous . 
  i know what the graph shows ; that 's why i made the example as i did . 
  if you drew a graph from the data i gave you 'd go from a $ 500 deficit to a $ 1000 surplus despite your economy shrinking to 1/100th its original size . 
  a surplus is meaningless without supporting data !, 
  if your annual exports are $ 100,000 and imports are $ 100,500 and then your economy shrinks to the point where you export $ 2000 and import $ 1000 you 've just went from a deficit to a surplus , but that 's not * positive !, 
  * also , austerity is first and foremost a reduction of domestic consumption of domestically produced goods , so i 'm not even sure you can directly attribute this austerity . 
  you 'd have to justify yourself . 
  this graph is meaningless without background data . 
  for example : it could be showing a huge drop in domestic consumption , a lower drop in foreign consumption , basically an economic collapse of the eurozone * and look exactly the same . 
  do you have affirmative action in france ? 
  despite its moral flaws it seems to be working in the us with regards to eliminating a black underclass . 
  better to tackle the problem of hunger than the problem of hungry thieves . 
  solve that and you 'll have a healthy and theft-free society . 
  oh , really ? 
  i did n't realize germany had a privately-funded higher education system . 
  mostly because it does n't . 
   doing everything to avoid having to do anything/pay anything for the greater good of europe , if it effects them negatively . 
  ... is how i 'd describe germany 's actions for the past 3 years . 
  though perhaps that 's being generous - germany has n't been so passive about their `` germany at the expense of the greater good of europe '' philosophies . 
  oh for fucks sake , between this and the `` europe : fuck yeah ! '', 
  photos all i 've seen on this subreddit is a circle jerk . 
  america/nasa promotes the `` america , fuck yeah ! '', 
  narrative because it makes the space program easier to sell to congress . 
  you / r/europeans are so damn insecure , or completely ignorant f how america works . 
  oh , i 'm from ukraine and visit it often . 
  believe me : fucking ukraine . 
  yes , unlike you europeans , so * educated * in stereotyping over 300 million people !, 
  europe is a quaint mix of reasonable regulation and straight-up protectionism . 
  the latter is nothing to be proud of . 
  if you 've always wondered why not , oh i do n't know , read any of their text instead of snarky speculating ? 
  `` free will '' is a pretty big fucking deal in christian circles . 
  it 's the whole point , really . 
  & thus the pan-european movement died . 
  welcome the new century , same as the old century . 
  yes , but you 're basically pointing out what i pointed out - the problem with european multiculturalism is the europeans obsessed with ethnicity and heritage . 
  now you have a europe with unassimilated immigrants and you 've two options : try to change the european attitude to a more egalitarian one or a far-right xenophobic one . 
  for some reason the majority users of / r/europe refuse to acknowledge the nativist problem . 
  first : read up on the motivation for those attacks , who the was responsible , for financed it , etc. 
  if anything our multiculturalism is stopping further attacks by ( a ) easing our foreign policy , and ( b ) promoting an understanding and tolerance of arabs which in turn lowers the jingoism of our nation . 
  hooray for nativism that makes it impossible for immigrants to truly ever integrate . 
  multiculturalism works brilliantly in the us and canada . 
  do n't hate the concept because you fucked up the execution . 
  america has a lot to do with its slow evolution into a major holiday - the holywood part of america to be exact . 
  mm , i was at a greek place a few days ago and i have to say `` imam '' is the greatest vegetable dish ever . 
  so good . 
  to be fair : christmas was a minor holiday until americans commercialized it . 
  we barely made mention of it in ukraine . 
  there 's as much ( if not more ) cultural diversity in brooklyn as there is in all of europe . 
  you guys have very monolithic , static nationalistic cultures , so while you have a fair bit of diversity between nations you do n't have that much diversity within the cultures . 
  took it as england , got green party , democratic liberal , and bnp . 
  yes , it kind of is a big deal . 
  would you want to participate in a community where `` n \\* gger-cunt '' is casually thrown around ? 
  that was its equivalent . 
  it 's an incredibly rude way of saying `` ukrainian pussy . '', 
  `` hohol '' is a derogatory term used by russians and `` pizda '' is n't a word you use in polite ( or educated ) company . 
  it 's also grammatically incorrect , and perpetuates a negative stereotype of ukraine . 
  fuck that guy . 
  next up : germany vetoes admitting any new members into the eu as that would lower their comparative influence . 
  i ca n't believe that 's the best they could come up with . 
  mediocre trance/electro mix . 
  inconsistent singing . 
  choreography that seemed to have zero relation to the song . 
  euphoria is a pretty mediocre trance . 
  not dynamic enough . 
  usa !, 
  because fuck scotland . 
  that 's gayer than soccer . 
  is n't going to be the currency of a nation whose primary trading partners just had a currency collapse . 
  it 'll be the dollar , just like the last time the european economies collectively collapsed . 
  who says that ? 
  at worst , people say mexicans work harder for less , and thus `` steal jobs . '', 
  also , gas . 
  ukraine , while not a major supplier , is a major transit point . 
  wrong . 
  if you buy them on a fixed mortgage they get cheaper for you but market value scales with inflation . 
  so basically , `` islam is not german '' but also `` integration is not german . '', 
  nativists are the worst kinds of nationalists . 
   americans are so smug !, 
  * proceeds with a thread of some of the most smug , biased pro-european rhetoric i 've seen in this subreddit .
