  the comments are hilarious :  western jealousy is just to apparent , for hundreds of years they tried to conquer , isolate or destroy russia with no result , and recent attempts are so pathetic . . . 
   it only proves that usa is in firm control iaaf these actions have nothing to do with doping only with anti-russian politics coming from washington . 
   the world is scared of being humiliated by russia in the olympics !, 
  pathetic . 
   ust another part of the anti-russia campaign . 
  the west will get what it wants , eventually : nuclear war . 
  even if adding `` former yugoslav republic of '' was necessary , the proper form would be * fyr macedonia * , not some grotesque fyrom word . 
  here we go again . 
  all hail soros !, 
  us of a. 
  we like hungary but they rely on ties with russia too much for our liking . 
   until 2009 , you did n't even need a passport to travel between the two countries . 
  what happened in 2009 ? 
   russia is not europe wtf , of course russia is european country in every meaning of the word . 
  news for you : many post-commie countries also are homophobic , xenophobic , racist or whatever non-western value you know . 
  i am in the middle of making one mocking canada . 
  guys stop , / r/russia will cry again how fascist / r/europe is mean to their innocent motherland . 
  ok , i do n't have energy to list out all of privileges granted by marriage , you can google it yourself . 
   immodesty , promiscuity , nudity etc. 
  during gay parades have ever seen polish equality parade ? 
  or just some photos from media ? 
   civil marriage is tax benefits + shared ownership . 
  the rest is meaningless no , [ there 's much more ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/prawo_ma%c5%82%c5%bce%c5%84skie_w_polsce ), 
  legally yes . 
   r/europe bashes polish people at daily basis what ? 
  / r/europe until recently was staunchly pro-polish in pretty much every issue . 
  oh yea bisexual person in heterosexual relation knows everything about discrimination because he has gay friends . 
  yes , there should n't be any marches and lgbt folk and their problems should stay invisible . 
  other countries ' experience proved that marches work . 
  this is why gay people need visibility . 
  otherwise people reiterate idiotic and false statements like yours . 
  pride ( or rather equality ) parades in poland are people in normal clothing . 
  this does n't stop conservatists using images from chicago or los angeles . 
   these marches are the stupidest thing you can actually do yes , lgbt people suffered no discrimination until they started demonstrating . 
   i 'd say even being gay would be much nicer than being short . 
  you 're so fucking clueless it hurts . 
   very broken russian so ukrainian then ? 
  monsieur , zhis is france , it 's civilised way by zhe sole virtue of being done by zhe french !, 
  what party ? 
  i read it as `` vampire '' and thought we became romania . 
  no , it 's literally gierek . 
  let 's not forget what caused orban 's victory . 
   left-wing populists you mean pis ? 
  b-but le based orban protect hungary from brown people !, 
  how can he do anything bad ? 
  why would n't we ? 
   mass immigration is bad . 
  no other explanation needed this is so telling . 
  yes . 
  let 's all blame our problems on venezuela !, 
  all i need is wood and scotch tape . 
  yes , all the people in euromaidan were handed cash by soros himself . 
  unfortunately our gov also is catering to far right thugs . 
  if they love their country so much they should go fight in donbass . 
  sending them all to camps in png and nauru . 
  not gon na happen until russia is declawed . 
  i thought more of `` orthodox croatia '', 
  how this fucking nonsense is upvoted on / r/europe ? 
  go back to / r/worldnews , yank . 
  \\  implying serbia, 
  still slavic but liberal , small and adriatic . 
  of course not , but there would be some amazing mental gymnastics . 
  poland now dislikes pope because he asked us to treat refugees like people . 
   the origin of species it 's not . 
  every serious academic body supports theory of evolution . 
   just a theory you do n't understand what `` scientific theory '' means, 
  oh wait , i misread your comment . 
  you 're still saying some retarded bullshit about germany though . 
  regional differences exist in every country except microstates . 
  just like your comments . 
  not with such name ... european union is already good . 
   the majority is 50 + probably born and raised during the communism . 
  just like the government . 
  you know who / u/executivemonkey is , right ? 
   france does n't benefit from the eu enormous agriculture subsidies tell otherwise . 
  one could also argue that producing assault weapons in the recent 10 years also facilitated the attacks . 
  of course there is some link , because nothing on this world is a closed system , but the alluded causation is ridiculous . 
   lgbt people fall under an umbrella of people that left wing people advocate the `` culture '' and `` rights '' of and it gives them power ? 
  how ? 
   if right wingers held power over culture , then media would be advocating the rights of christians and other conservative religious group , condemning lgbt people , condemning immigration , condemning any other type of family than the `` nuclear family '' , condemning atheism , etc. 
  guess what , this is happening right now in europe . 
  trans people are still shat over by transphobia in society and laws , i do n't know where did you get `` this is true in europe '' attitude . 
   by the way its also well known in europe that journalism is overwhelmingly left-wing ( bbc , theguardian , etc ) what is centre then ? 
  fox news ? 
  ------------ even if what you said was true , this still does n't put trans people in the position of power . 
  * ergo * that neo-nazi 's quote is debunked . 
  in some countries there are laws targeting hate speech towards gender expression . 
  trans people are n't in position of power . 
  regime generally prohibits critique , but this does n't mean every person and/or institution that is n't allowed to be criticised is in position of power . 
  that quote was literally made by the holocaust denier to derail discussions into `` teh joos did it ! '', 
  you know what else facilitated the attacks ? 
  manufacturing weapons . 
  the link is very weak and i do n't have any will to continue this . 
   but that 's not an issue here . 
  the issue is that european commission compels the it companies to make a decision instead of a judge to determine what is and what is not a hate speech . 
  that 's giving companies way too much power . 
  oh i agree . 
   what i do n't get is why people are so exited people are n't excited , they are outraged . 
  even most people who are downvoted argue some half-truths and not argue for the change itself ( besides that one german guy at the end of the page ) . 
   seems a bit odd to outsource the law enforcement of a country .
