  we learned hard way that british word is useless crap . 
  you only started doing something after germany invaded nations west of them . 
  none in poland would rely again on perfidous traitors like you . 
  bbc has its faults but is absolutely much better than russian state media . 
  `` bbc is no better , all media is propaganda , there 's no unbiased news . '', 
  alexandriy the greatski , the most famous slavic conqueror . 
  did they fix it ? 
  by this time the church will already gobble up some village or two ... dozens, 
  reddit at least tries to pretend to be progressive, 
  and russians say * we * have victim mentality , ha !, 
  none asked you . 
  why do you sound as catholics inability to affect oyher 's sex life is saddening ? 
  `` nothing we can do '' ? 
  why would you do anything ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  you 're mistaking an activity with a worldview/school of thought . 
  sex is not just pleasure , it 's bonding , expression of love , powerful social tool , inspiration for countless amounts of art , etc , etc. 
  you sound like someone who 's never had sex . 
   hedonism is a school of thought that argues that pleasure is the primary or most important intrinsic good . 
  a hedonist strives to maximize net pleasure ( pleasure minuspain ) . 
  sex is just sex , not a worldview . 
  no , if you knew , you would n't misuse this word . 
  so do n't say it 's not your business if you treat is as your business . 
  we were talking about gay people . 
  also read the actual definition of hedonism . 
  did you just compare sex to murder . 
  if you did n't treat gay sex as your business , you would have no stance pro or against . 
  `` i 'm not against gay people , just the stuff gay people do '' is moronic statement regardless if it origins from bible or not . 
  why do you even have a stance against it if it 's not your business ? 
  `` being in the bible '' is not a cop-out from being inherently condractive to itself . 
  you can also choose not to eat anything but bread and water . 
  you can choose to cut off your pinky fingers , you can choose to impair your hearing sense or sight , you can choose to wear only cilice . 
  i have nothing against black people , i just have something against their black skin . 
  we should just send them to russia . 
  there are too many of them . 
  biological reasons for sex are irrelevant in legislation . 
  it 's about women not being traumatised due to birth the child of rapist . 
  women have suicided in the past because of this , not to mention social stigma in poland . 
  even infertile people have sex . 
  humans do n't always have sex for reproducing . 
  first of all it 's a massive strain on the body you ignorant . 
  `` so what '' ? 
  so that if you think people are going to stop having sex you 're either stupid or pretend to be . 
  millions of women having healthy births does n't validate your bullshut you said about pregnancy . 
  you have absolutely no idea how pregnancy affects women . 
  what context justifies 4 cops beating up him ? 
  cancer also lives . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  edit : scratch that , i 'm not having another arguement about the right to abortion per se , we were talking about prosecution of people helping women to abort in foreign clinics . 
   i just find it disturbing that abortion as seen as a contraception method . 
  it 's not . 
  should we invest in eastern turkey ? 
  still no arguments . 
  how dare you question importance of our \u00dcbermensch job creators ? 
  oh , there was partial misunderstanding then . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
   except that you 're using them in wrong way . 
  baseless statement . 
   and abortion as contraception is illegal in poland , has little support , and practically non-issue . 
  it 's problem in former ussr , but not here . 
   the doctor who aborted a `` human '' i can use quotation marks too . 
  only because the doctor is a citizen of another country . 
  soviets did n't interfere in abortion laws of their satelite states though . 
  yeah , but we 're not arguing whether it 's legal , but what should be . 
  or am i wrong . 
   ( except micro-states ), 
  walking on ice is n't basic bodily function . 
   compared to a baby outside the womb , the baby inside the womb is just a bit of weight and energy drain that does n't have other negative effects now i know you 're male and/or grossly uneducated . 
  still , a woman can deny access to her body however you call the organism living inside her . 
  it 's the same in practice , just different paragraph . 
  ok . let 's leave this discussion to when the liberal project would proposed . 
  and your retort to body autonomy was another spin of `` embryo is a human '' argumeny . 
  that 's what i said . 
  that 's not what the proposed changes are about . 
  i did n't said they did it out of good heart . 
  i discuss with several people here already . 
  your copy-pasted spam is a problem , not your stance . 
   with the reliability of popular contraception methods , pregnancies are expected . 
  contraceptives are n't 100 % sure but they give big chance that there wo n't be pregnancy . 
  and you did n't said * why * this access should be irrevokable . 
  do you know under what circumstances you can get abortion in poland ? 
  abortions of accidental pregnancies ( no contraception is 100 % effective ) is already illegal in poland . 
  but was restricted in interbellum . 
   how could they be if there was n't this project yet ? 
  i because the project is about the issue asked in the poll and several identical projects were discussed in the past . 
  body autonomy trumps saving life of something that has n't even got neural system . 
  except some pregancies are accidents as there 's no fail-proof contraception . 
  you 're also implying that the access is irrevokable without any basis to it . 
  but they are n't treated as people when they 're denied the right to body autonomy . 
  that 's the price of treating women like people , sorry if it offends you . 
  the point is : you ca n't make people to give up their body autonomy even if it saves a life . 
  because people have the right to their bodies . 
   she did give the foetus access to her body . 
  did that hypothetical woman did that willingly ? 
  i do n't need my second kidney . 
  following your reasoning i could be made to give up it if someone had need of kidney . 
  the number of legal abortions in poland is counted in mere hundreds . 
  you ca n't make me to give up my kidney even if my decision would result in someone 's death and i would n't suffer any damage . 
  why ? 
  because i have the right to decide what happens to my body .
