  aaah , this is so fantastic !, 
  are you really that dumb not to understand how nationality works ? 
  yes , being french means that you have more to say about being french than random redditor who only seen france on fox news . 
   there are no french people there are and they just told you to shut up and stop bulshitting . 
  yes , tell french people who are french people . 
  i still remember that giant whale skeletons and quid model, 
  take the train . 
  the_dick parody . 
  in '82 we had communist regime that martial law . 
  umm , i did n't claim what you are arguing . 
  get ready for burgers brigading and screwing up up/downvotes . 
  lower silesia . 
  silesia in poland is divided into three voivodeships going from the polish-german border to the east : lower silesian , opole and silesian ( yes , just `` silesian '' , but the implied is `` upper silesian '' ) . 
  lower silesia , as opposed to upper silesia was in germany in interbellum and is mostly populated by replaced people from lost territories in the east ( today ukraine , lithuania and belarus ) . 
  this mean they do n't really have traditionally silesian language , dialects , accent , customs or whatever . 
  upper silesia was populated by polish silesians and is a craddle of today silesian identity and speech . 
   from what i read it started exactly when liberum veto was implemented . 
  having one fool or charlatan stop everything . 
   liberum veto took some decades from the first appearance before it started to poison politics . 
  but young people do vote differently . 
  while it 's true that pis had most votes of young adults , their votes were distributed more evenly among the parties ( especially korwin and kukiz ) while the old people voted either for pis or po . 
  40 % of downvotes . 
   socialists from shitty countries with no economic growth and massive social problems you mean poland ? 
   the other side just being far more damaging to society . 
  no , po with all their crooks made poland have the highest economic growth during recession . 
  pis governs only a year and they already almost halved the growth . 
  these numbers are n't just banks ' calculation , they affect people irl , the standard of living grew , poles ' purchasing power grew , minimum , median and average salary grew . 
  oh we do n't doubt you 'll do everything you can to make `` revolution of anti-russian people '' imoissible . 
  russian disney dubbing  polish disney dubbing . 
  they care only about power so they can fuel their nepotism . 
  their idea is basically what po promised 8 years ago , but the leader ( petru ) is a politician two leagues worse than po leader ( tusk ) . 
  many people of opposition are awfully ignorant and/or incomopetent.this is true for the ruling party too , but their electorate cares about looking patriotic , not competences . 
  i do n't think you have a grasp on who executivemonkey is, 
  * plurality *, 
  i wish poland was as `` destroyed '' as germoney is . 
  stop lying, 
   according to a recent ipsos poll , a majority of italians consider the referendum to be a vote on the work of renzis government rather than the reform itself . 
  this looks well . 
  just because uk did retarded thing does not mean we suddenly stopped . 
  you can always prove me wrong . 
  but this is not what we got until pis got the power . 
   well , we talk about the difference how the new and old goverment are and were approaching the issue . 
  they did not cut ombudsman and ngo funds  just like in this situation - if that someone has a change of heart , you are left with no funds . 
  that 's where pis wants to go . 
   were they highlighting `` fails and power-grabs '' of the former goverment ? 
  oh , once again `` former government '' argument . 
  yes , they were , especially when acta was discussed . 
   it sounds like very elaborate corruption system to leak public money , to be honest . 
  if it was about leaking money the * current * government would look at their nepotism-driven overgrow of their clerical/administrative system . 
  it 's about cutting funds to organisation that dare to criticise pis . 
  it goes `` nicely '' with the recent cutting funds of the polish ombudsman who is also in the way . 
  i found this : http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/07/15/485900076/how-a-danish-town-helped-young-muslims-turn-away-from-isis --------- but i rather meant usual reddit custom that glorifies and whitewashes nazis while demonising refugees and muslims ; comparing comments , not the people redditors are talking about . 
  ngos that watch what government does are important . 
  pis wants them gone because ngos highlight their fails and power-grabs . 
  no more pesky `` endjeeos '' meddling in patriotic rebuilding of poland !, 
  they will get funds anyway from leftist elites and soros who all conspire to bring poland down !, 
  all these comments full of compassion for a nazi , what a contrast to threads about refugees . 
  of course not !, 
  after all russia loves peace and would never ever invade a country !, 
  it 's xxi century after all !, 
  poor peaceloving russia is always forced to defend against imperial powers like lithuania , latvia , estonia , finland . 
  those fascists !, 
  what makes me think ? 
  hmm ... maybe those shiny new hypersonic missiles in kaliningrad oblast ? 
  but that 's the point of this flag !, 
  brexit predictions were 50/50, 
  because buzzfeed did not lie about little green men in ukraibe like rt did ? 
  because buzzfeed did n't lie about what happened to shot down plane in ukraine?because buzzfeed is not propaganda tube of oligarchic regime ? 
  the monster . 
  free speech is not an absolute value in germany and other parts of europe . 
  get over it . 
  do n't worry , we are used to britain `` forgetting '' our accomplishments in wwii, 
  lol , i 'm getting pretty strong `` you-know-who '' vibe from that bulglarian . 
  they 're arabs , duh . 
  nah , more like too much `` i '' and not enough `` y '' . 
  sorry , but i ca n't read slovak seriously . 
  whatever i do i still see it as baby-talk . 
  kotleba is that neo-nazi guy , is n't he ? 
  follow your leader and shoot yourself . 
  that 's the point . 
   the same nation this is what ukrainians and some ( probably very few ) belarusians argue about . 
  merkel did n't invide a country for example . 
  merkel international political power comes from germany being very rich , populous and important , not from her prerogatives as a chancellor . 
  this was the official reasoning . 
  you 're politically blind if you call gazwyb a far left . 
  it 's left-leaning centre at most . 
  fighting cancer does not make you cancer . 
  damn gmo stones !, 
  remind me !, 
  720 hours `` is turkey dictatorial already '', 
  this criminal country and the concept of human rights are not compatible . 
   patina of slime molds and mineral deposits that gives it a wonderfully organic layer of texture and subtle colour this is what most people find revolting . 
  it 's not me crying over masses that do n't comprehend the genius behind concrete . 
  no of this size . 
  and wood can be painted . 
  that ugly block was like diarrheae, 
  there 's no wooden buildings in cities . 
   my disdain is towards the crowd of feckless twats that despite having every advantage a middle-class upbringing can afford [ ... ] they sit glued to every fucking night watching bland and soulless bullshit because they 're fucking morons . 
  these people . 
  architecture in the cities must be comfortable space for people like these .
