  until 1932 we used old prussian laws that criminalised homosexuality . 
  this is 14 years after gaining independence . 
  this is such bullshit . 
  come back when you have pope, 
  that 's what i implied , yes . 
  croatia is south poland . 
  you still have n't included any proof of that guy being sued . 
  so cutting off misinformation and lies is now safespace ? 
  eu has nothing to do with self-defence laws . 
  they vary by country . 
  and then what . 
  it 's not as bad and vitrolic , but standard for reddit `` casual '' racism is still welcome here . 
   i 'll be downvoted for this but you seriously think you 'd be downvoted on / r/europe for racist shit ? 
  wan na bet it 'll still gather positive votes ? 
  the guy you 're talking to is us-ian and trump supporter . 
  you wo n't convince him that free market is not infallible magic all problems saver, 
  perfect . 
  it 's you who said `` everyone '', 
  pis is n't called `` fascist '' . 
  i see this term thrown at centre and left because they do n't consider hate speech free speech . 
  this literally does n't happen to non-far right wing . 
  unless you think onr is moderate . 
  i do n't care about spain right now . 
  we 're talking about poland . 
  my father recently told me there is 3 000 000 jews in poland . 
  but communism made us poor , so ... 
  polish left does n't call our not-fringe right wing `` fascists '' . 
  you 've no idea what you 're talking about . 
  we 're talking about poland . 
  very very bad . 
  poland is in eu and should be compared to other eu countries . 
  you wo n't be allowed in our white paradise you crave for . 
  yes , yes , russia did nothing wrong !, 
  none of these people is in power fortunately . 
  iphone etuis . 
  i do n't have visa !, 
  i do n't feel eurosmug enough if i do n't imply it 's the fault of dumb ` muricans . 
  they decided that laws made few centuries ago are more important than people 's well-being . 
  how do you feel now ? 
  but does europe believe in ukraine ? 
  russia has so many tall buildings , only us and china can compare . 
  nothing is too ridiculous if it can `` justify '' one 's racism . 
  poland can not into air . 
   what annoys me more is that different notes are not sized equally . 
  it 's for people with disabilities . 
  polish z\u0142otys are also larger if the nominal is bigger . 
  you 'd like it , right ? 
  fitting world into nice white-black division . 
   i gave you an example where specific freedom is absolute . 
  you did n't . 
  go choke on cactus . 
   but no , i ca n't write an email to someone saying i 'm going to murder them and plot in great detail my plans and that be perfectly legal . 
  what a terrible infringement of free speech !, 
  glorious european socialism !, 
  love it or leave it . 
   some use humour to cope with such things , so yes . 
  i fail to see how calling slavs murderers achieve this . 
  it cares so much we 'll be bankrupt in 4 years . 
  ok simple question : do you think that * der st\u00fcrmer * should be legal again ? 
  [ `` debunking '' one loud case does n't make shitty us regulation suddenly be good ] ( http://ensia.com/features/banned-in-europe-safe-in-the-u-s/ ) `` fabricated hysteria '' ? 
  fuck you , goverments ' representatives had only few hours to read the documents without a lawyer or translator , while corporoacheshave 24/7 access . 
  how do you justify this ? 
  of course not . 
   we were talking about a very specific type of freedom what changes this `` specificness '' that it now suddenly has to be absolute ? 
  do n't insult me if you ca n't even make coherent argument . 
   freedom is an abstract concept absolute abstract concepts as good as guides , some goal that one can pursuit but they are n't compatible with * real * society made of actual humans and regulated by real law . 
  my freedom of moving , freedom to walk free is restricted by fences , my freedom to have property does n't include falsified banknotes , etc. 
  no freedom in today society is absolute . 
   freedom of speech is not this is false . 
  no freedom is either 100 % or 0 % . 
   ban on holocaust denial is as fascistic in principle as holocaust denial itself . 
  you 're disgusting . 
  what an absolutely abhorrent , repulsive sack of shit you just said . 
  tell this to germany that has anti-hate speech laws for over half a century, 
  how do those laws breach them ? 
   which is in contravention of the above treaties that france is signatory member of . 
  you mean ? 
  no , it criminalises ** public ** denial of genocides . 
  exactly like the laws proposed in france . 
  the laws do n't forbid making stories just using public to propagate it . 
  they 're quite effective . 
  even ones and zeroes in computers are just different non-zero levels of electricity flow . 
  and even if some physical constants are absolute it 's irrelevant while talking about politics , sociology , psychology and others . 
  we 're talking about europe . 
  american countries are vastly different . 
  of course it is . 
  there 's no reason denying such documented genocide than hatred towards armenians . 
   how does making it illegal stops it ? 
  yeah , why we need anti-murder laws , they happen anyway . 
   history is written by the winners not the losers . 
  false . 
  that 's not what 's happening . 
  european countries have hate speech laws for few decades , it 's nothing new . 
  yes , because once you can not deny holocaust , the state instantly turns into * 1984 * oceania . 
  it 's still here , just not in absolute form . 
  like pretty much everything . 
  it is in great amount of ex-communist countries . 
  it 's also full of yanks skewing votes . 
   people are free to not read what i write or not listen to what i say . 
  nobody are forced to buy particular newspapers or books in france as far as i know .
