  why do you think opinions of non-europeans are asked for ? 
  i can hear opinions favouring absolute free speech from other europeans just find , i do n't need arrogant burgers for it . 
  of course not . 
  sometimes i wish for region block . 
  he was n't talking about you though . 
  i 'm not a banana , i 'm just a long yellow curved fruit from south america with chiquita tag, 
  it 's upvoted because we have enough americans shoehorning themselves into discussions about europe . 
  also `` ameriphobic '' , lol . 
  sounds almost as pathetic as `` russophobic '' . 
  and only 2000 to poland . 
  why americans think their opinion is welcomed ? 
  your compatriots ' downvotes are always fucking up threads whenever freeze peaches are discussed . 
  no country on earth has freesom of speech then . 
  why ? 
  no , she was fined for calling homosexuals abominable . 
  save that speech for the time we have any actual mass immigration . 
   deviation from the norm that 's not the definition of mental illness . 
  i also think that only straight white males should decide what counts as `` real '' oppression . 
  fuck off with this neonazi shit . 
   liberalism is a political philosophy or worldview founded on ideas of liberty and equality . 
  [ 1 ] the former principle is stressed in classical liberalism while the latter is more evident in social liberalism . 
  you probably meant `` classical liberalism '' . 
  do n't argue about old definitions , please . 
  is n't it great ? 
  once you call something propaganda it magically did n't happen at all !, 
  that too . 
  please tell me how gay marriage conflicts with liberalism . 
  `` politically incorrect '' is pc term for `` racist '' . 
  so use the name that describes `` new atheism '' , whatever it is , and not the word used for something as simple as lack of religious belief . 
   atheism wants to say atheism does n't say anything , it 's not a hierarchical structure . 
  or any structure for the matter of fact . 
  [ poles can be only positive or negative , there 's no centre . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magnet#modelling_magnets ), 
  if by it you mean russian `` pravda '' 's level of truth , then yes . 
   you realize you can write up almost anything under that , right ? 
  not really . 
   am i an oppressed minority if i do n't like some taxes , but have to pay them under threat of violence ? 
  that 's not how minorities are defined . 
   am i an oppresed minority if i want to marry my cat/computer but i ca n't because the rest of society says so ? 
  if cats and computers were persons who can sign contracts , yes . 
  if you do n't know if some minority is oppressed try asking them maybe ? 
  ----------------- low attendance means that 's not even majority that decides . 
  democracy is not majority trampling over minorities ' rights though . 
  that 's ochlocracy . 
  not to mention the low attendance . 
  there are liberal poles though . 
  promiscuous people are people who have more sex than average . 
  that does n't mean they have sex with anyone or that they 're careless when choosing their partners . 
  of course there are careless promiscuous people ( maybe even majority of them ) but you made awful generalisation . 
  edit : also using robberies as an example or a lesson is also terrible . 
   less trustful to complete strangers this does n't exclude promiscuity . 
  old pricks voting against are fucking up the situation for the rest that will have to live with their stupid shit . 
  young `` against '' voters can be justified because they 'll live to be affected by consequences of the law ( no matter how minor they are ) . 
  sex is evil . 
  fucking old pricks voting on the matter that has n't anything to do with them . 
  no , he 's not , he 's swallowing easy but wrong narrative that paints protesters as paid dummies of former government while in reality : there was no protest when pis started changing the administrative workers for their own there was no demonstration after pardoning kami\u0144ski there was no demonstration after macierewicz endangered former chief of secret service by removing his protections protests started after pis began to shit on the constitutional court and the constitution . 
   nothing else i disagree , i can find some positive adjectives . 
  more like turkish akp . 
  dismantling the court and ignoring the constitution = democracy being raped . 
  i kinda assumed that right wing in power does n't mean ignoring the law , but you 're welcome for proving me wrong . 
  lexical prescriptivism is cancer that really needs to die already . 
  language changes , `` marriage '' is innately nothing , all meanings for the words in any language come from agreement of people using it , not some unchangeable holy dictionary written in stone ,, 
   should not be defiled defiled ? 
  how ? 
  former government ruled for 8 years without much competence and the anti-refugee sentiment only strengthened their position . 
  besides our economy is too strong for losing the status of `` former eastern bloc poster child '' . 
  so much projection . 
  your parents now also retroactively communist for having such child like you . 
  i must concede , i have n't seen such images . 
  [ i like you too . 
  no , they were n't flashy in the first place . 
  american patriotism is loud and proud , polish one is rather focused on martyrdom, 
  now i thought again , i do n't think we have equivalent of `` freedom boner '' or something like this , our symbols are n't as flashy as yours . 
  sorry for misleading you . 
  when writing that comment i remembered that when your country legalised gay marriage , white-red filter was used as opposing to the rainbow one as if gay and trans people could n't be patriots . 
  world is n't black and white , no matter how you 'd like it to be . 
  we do , but the symbol has been appropriated by right and far right . 
  sieged fortress syndrome much ? 
  i did n't vote for him and . nowoczesna . 
  being against power grabing attempts of kaczy\u0144ski does n't make petru . 
   po ignored the law and their laws that were n't constitutionally legal have been stated as such and stopped being enforced . 
  he may not , by the constitutional court has . 
   no sane pole care you 're not the representative of anyone but you . 
  could you not throw your ignorant `` judgement '' ? 
  you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   it 's shame to use children to push their agenda . 
  tell that to organisers of `` march for life and family '' . 
  i 'm patriotic because it shows that my country is not property of backwards revanchist nationalists . 
  i feel patriotic looking at these pictures . 
  this is so shitty argument . 
   yes , i hope the telekom sues hungary as much i think dt is right here , i very very dislike the idea of companies suing the governments . 
  i would n't say `` brigaded '' . 
  anti-feminism is the default reddit 's stance . 
  let 's see what happens after americas wake up . 
  otaku ? 
  the main topic here is reaction of hungarian government though , not the singer . 
  mysogyny is not just openly stating hatred for women . 
  it has also other meanings , you can check them in dictionary . 
  saying that someone does n't deserve fair pay for their inherent characteristics ( like gender , race , height , etc. ), 
  is discriminatory .
