  and that 's not some feminist cabal 's conspiracy , equality is one of fundamental european principles . 
  even usa do n't have absolute freedom of speech . 
  he 's economically illiterate , power hungry reactionary populist . 
  scoring brownie points for being against migrant quotas does n't change it . 
  copious amounts of propaganda fueled with xenophobia and anti-refugee hysteria . 
  also new generation that does n't remember how life was before eu . 
  at least , that 's how it worked in poland . 
  you 're ridiculing argument by hyperbolisation . 
  the singer 's words about equal pay are misogynistic . 
  period . 
  hyperbole, 
  kaczor is male duck . 
  at least you got size right . 
  i thought five exclamation marks with ones would suffice to show sarcasm . 
  hitler was socialist !!!, 
  what a subtle burn . 
  what about that gag law ? 
  our women go to slovakia . 
   gov support actually went up to 42 % . 
  [ according to one out of five polls ] ( https://i.imgur.com/zadc2an.jpg ), 
  no stereotypical pole would pass free mercedes . 
  another cia coup ? 
  looks like we 'll soon join our ukrainian brothers . 
  watch me . 
  that 's not far-right . 
  just conservative populism . 
  in polish it 's `` czech footballer '' . 
  ask mods for uzbek flair . 
  `` part '' ? 
  more like direct successor . 
  all aqueducts lead poison to rome . 
   bolshevik stop using that word because you clearly do n't know what it means . 
   it was being written at least since 1992 . 
  for 5 years . 
  by various people . 
  my point still stands . 
   the ex-commies were those who had a deciding voice while writing it though . 
  now this is a statement you should 've written from the beginning . 
  many things are `` pretty probable '' , but it 'd be nice if we stuck to meritum instead of ad personam . 
   just after the fall of communism did n't know 8 years is `` just after '' . 
   by ex commies ... and by ex-opposition and the church members and the rest of parliament . 
   whining and face the fact that your post-commie masters are no longer in power what the hell are * you * smoking ? 
  why criticising pis is making anyone a `` post-commie '' or slave of post-commies ? 
  why are you trying to push this false dichotomy ? 
  if i had been given a penny every time i hear this * but po did it first !, 
  * `` argument '' i could buy so many bus tickets . 
  inb4 knee-jerk reaction from our government . 
   poles who do n't like current government appealing to foreign institution ? 
  sounds familiar you know , they tried to appeal to polish institutions , but the ruling party discarded constitutional court 's ruling . 
   this government is best by date lol . 
  what ? 
  i do n't get what are you trying to say honestly . 
  and that 's only the beginning !, 
  are you american ? 
  yea , we did n't paint our commie-blocks in tacky neon paint for nothing !, 
  why respect human rights ? 
  tell that to russia . 
  human rights are fascist propaganda , understand tovarish ? 
  if russia decides that someone can be incarcerated without fair process then it 's lawful right of russian state , saying otherwise is being globalist shill !, 
  yea but not every country announces `` human rights are n't our priority '' loudly and proudly . 
  my comment was mostly a jab at cameron being chummy with china than critique of uk law system . 
  european human rights court is n't an ue insitution . 
  everyone knows that such lawful and democratic country like russia does n't need any human rights court as all human rights are respected there . 
  we all know uk does n't like human rights . 
  give pis some time and ue 's flag will be an exception . 
  did n't know sultams are an oppressed class . 
  if there 's running water , it 's yurop . 
  it 's like gag law all over again . 
  russia is n't in nato though . 
  yeah , i wanted to make joke based on the title but the article is too good for it . 
  leftists glow in the dark . 
  fashion sense ofc . 
   here 's hoping things go better for the lgbt community in the future !, 
  the same song has been sang for nearly 15 years . 
  they must sue their parents to have their legal gender changed . 
  after getting surgery on their own cost . 
  i do n't know much details besides that , sorry . 
  the new law was supposed to ease up procedure ( not change legal gender or legalise sex change as it was legal before ) but president duda decided that trannies are icky and destroy family and marriage . 
  * i 'm poor but at least i can call muslims brown trash * . 
  there 's no political correctness here , but we imported `` anti-pc '' rhetoric from the west where it 's real thing . 
  estonia , czechy , hungary , croatia and slovenia also were communist but introduced at least civil partnerships . 
  meanwhile our newest president vetoed change to our srs law so transgender people would n't have to sue their parents like they 're forced to do now . 
   of course poland is not that bad . 
  compared to ukraine , russia , belarus , asia , africa etc. 
  but i would n't be a pole with inferiority complex watching at the mythical west , would i. :p, 
   `` i do n't want to wait 30 years to have my equality '' so move to western europe . 
  honestly reading articles like these make me feel like poland is not that bad . 
  iceland is pretty calm . 
  russian islamic communist . 
  biggest poland 's nemezis !, 
  this not the biggest strawman i 've seen but still pretty big . 
  conscription was stupid waste of time . 
  [ look who 's talking ] ( https://2new3.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/finland+is+mongolia+_cf8949d2aa6e60c185f923111ae237a9.png ), 
  latvia has only 9 cities ? 
  i 'm on mobile so no , but it 's clearly turkish-syrian border near the mediterranean shore . 
  you could feed a horse with this strawman . 
  my money goes to church , i voted for x party , do n't want to pay blauh bluh bluh . 
  that ca n't be censorship , the ruling party was fighting commies !, 
  oh , another one who can tell what is art and what is not . 
  our cathocrazy is bigger than gendercrazy for now .
