  why `` not the same as gmos '' ? 
  what distinguishes free-range/cage from gmo/nongmo ? 
  --------------- besides that 's not the point , the society wants gmo labels , they chose the people enforcing gmo labels so gmo should be labelled . 
  the hell ? 
  you did n't address any point i made in my previous comment just repeated what you 've already said . 
  are these answers premade before or what ? 
   seed saving is practically non-existent in modern agriculture , anyway , gmo or not . 
  wtf , nobody in poland has to `` give back '' the seeds . 
  no the most sense is made when farmers use the seeds they 've harvested to whatever they want including plant new crops . 
  plants are n't songs or games, 
  downvotes are already here : my comment is controversial . 
  stay salty dear burgers !, 
  emphasis on `` stay '' we 'd like to keep europe school-shooting free . 
  these reviews talk about millions of dollars of costs but then how did gmo food producers did n't bankrupt in eu already ? 
   how about demanding to know the brand of tractor used ? 
  yes if the food contained some tractors . 
   there are no characteristics exclusive to gmos that help consumers make informed decisions , only ideological decisions . 
  so if that 's what people want why should they be depraved of this information ? 
  eggs in poland are marked if they 're from hens kept in cages or free-range despite no difference in taste . 
  iirc in warsaw 's train/plane/bus stations there is information on the highest legal tariff . 
  if you exclude gangs , mafias , thugs , robbers , burglars and mass shooters , usa is the safest place there is !, 
  guns do n't kill people , bullets do !, 
   philosopher karl popper defined the paradox in 1945 in the open society and its enemies vol . 
  [ 1 ]   `` less well known is the paradox of tolerance : unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . '', 
   he concluded that we are warranted in refusing to tolerate intolerance : `` we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . '', 
  it 's not even about gmo , this just shows how much ttip is way megacorporations trample on democratic principles . 
  if people want gmo labeling , gmo should be labeled , period . 
  i 'm going to res-tag few people and see if they show up anywhere else than gmo/monsanto threads . 
  how making reusing the seeds a patent infringement is n't abuse of farmers ? 
   would cost untold millions of dollars ( need to overhaul food distribution network )  would drastically increase emissions related to distribution any proof to this ? 
   people could demand labels based on the race or sexual orientation of the farmer who harvested their produce . 
  in no way comparable to gmo, 
  do n't worry , you 'll no longer be affected by the sub 's moderation . 
  you can always send your complaints to modmail so the other mods can hear you out . 
  polandball is n't for your shitty arguments but for sharing comics and discussing about them . 
  we do n't need people who do n't get this and try to bring typical reddit crap . 
  do n't remind me :(, 
  every time someone mention free speech there 's bunch of idiots derailing discussion because they can not fathom that law forbifding denying holocaust * is n't * fascist oppression . 
  `` simply '', 
  stay jealous and overworked while i enjoy my guaranteed paid vacations . 
  sorry , did n't quite catch that i was busy not filing bankrupcy whenever i catch cold thanks to my free healthcare . 
  i also ca n't hear you because the sound of school shootings drowns your voice . 
  sorry , we ca n't hear you from the comet we landed on . 
  he sells you bullshit, 
  that 's why monarchs should have no real power . 
   you ca n't just write a new law overnight new polish government can !, 
  so stronk . 
  antigermanism rose up receny during copious amount of propaganda served by government related ( but private ) media . 
  if you see someone say bullshit statistics accusing germans of owning 70 % of media in poland it 's 100 % sure pis supporter and/or nationalist . 
  by the hate order : arabs ( interchangeable with muslims ) russians ( scored by bombing syria ) germans ukrainians, 
  after over half of decade or repent ? 
  yes . 
  anti-german sentiment was lower 10 years ago . 
  ah yes . 
  i will . 
  yes , suffixes nullify meanings !, 
  you 're very smart . 
  government is n't racist or fascist , they just happily tolerate ultranationalists, 
  you 're talking about arguments when you presented none . 
  you have proof for racism in the frickin article . 
  if you close your eyes tight enough , maybe it 'll go away . 
  keep on pretending there 's no problem . 
  there 's no rise of fascist and racist sentiment in poland , stop spreading soros jewcommunist far left lies . 
  fuck off to / r/murica, 
  keeping quality is not mod abuse , wtf . 
  that little balkan country borderimg chechnya . 
  b-baka !, 
  there 's no germans to unite east of odra/oder . 
  these fuckers ca n't stop pushing their agenda , like mindless drones . 
  i 'm as russophobic as i can , but the source is pure shite . 
  the source `` gazeta polska codzienie '' untrustworthy catholic-nationalist tabloid . 
  the only reason they have abortion legal is because they do n't use contraceptives . 
  good joke, 
  i never claimed i wanted to argue . 
  thank you . 
  it goes all the way in past up to mongolian yoke . 
  they never had freedom since . 
  russians reject the notions of social equality , judicial equality or democracy , it 's this famous `` russian soul '' . 
  culture , architecture , customs etc. 
  are similar since it 's europe , but more than endorse they deny western values of equality , rule of law and individual freedoms . 
  wow , for a week i thought this sub was recovering , but / r/europe is cesspool after all . 
   at least russian culture has similar values to the rest of europe in that men / women are more or less equal . 
  hahahahahaha  russia is a secular state and tries to abide by secular / parliamentary laws . 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  the same south ossetia that has been gobbling up georgian border for years ? 
  second one, 
   one thing you still have and which is quite `` lovely '' is the extensive use of yellow pvc billboards with red and black letters . 
  i mean they 're literally everywhere . 
  capitalism !, 
  * alexandriy the greatski , famous slavic conqueror . 
  not every violent xenophobe is a nazi . 
  comic would be hard to make as `` murzy\u0144sko\u015b\u0107 '' is n't easily translatable to jokes . 
  but i 've been planning on making some poland-mocking one from some time . 
  how many czech krajs do you know ? 
  no war effort until germans invaded belgium and france while we were double raped by germany and russia . 
  poles do n't consider britons as friends . 
  we like you because of gentleman srereotypes and your wallets , but any `` alliance '' with you , political , military , economic or whatever is only on paper . 
  we remember `` britain has no friends , just opportunities '' . 
  we suck american dick , but they at least can protect us .
