  cities in america are n't good examples , one can buy guns in other states and move them to others much much easier than smuggle the gun across international border . 
  it prevents `` domestic '' shootings , not terrorist attacks . 
  did america 's gun laws prevented 9/11 ? 
  i see misogynist fascist have already appeared . 
  no , but i made one for reddit . 
  that explains ireland , iceland , norway and uk , but we would n't be in top10 based only on diaspora . 
  yeah , we kinda focused on tele-votes . 
  it mostly connected to our politics so they 're not really translatable . 
   poland is 25th in jury vote , 3rd in popular vote :   hey , people liked our song , cool . 
  actually , we were making snarky memes about anti-polish juries . 
  to celebrate 60 ^ th anniversary of eurovision they were invited year ago . 
  the reception was good enough to invite them again . 
  huge viewerbase . 
  me too . 
  visuals were also nice . 
  israel 's song is sad whining , not a singing . 
  cry me a river . 
  we 're not honest , just impolite . 
  russia never ends !, 
  we 'll tolerate you but we 'll also give the glare and non-verbally make you unwelcome . 
  the european way . 
  kissing is n't porn wtf . 
  false equivalence . 
  man + man - 32 % woman + woman - 25 % woman + man - 12 % . 
  almost good !, 
  or spanish , or polish or ... 
  i see you already adopted burgers ' ignorance about europe . 
  in usa . 
  try some sub related to your home state . 
  i do n't know but i suppose it 's consulted with qualified doctor . 
  iirc hormone therapy is paused for the time of pregnancy . 
  er ... this is how it works in all of europe . 
  i fail to see how the change will help french workers . 
  our pres has vetoed progressive law change about transition of trans people . 
  maybe this pushed us down ? 
  that 's not how reddit works, 
  it 's russian of course the only real slavic language . 
  we have the same jokes about czech . 
  oh noes , what have i done . 
  every politholog will tell you that calling nazis left is nothing more but propaganda invented by republicans . 
  every serious encyclopaedia calls nazis fae or extreme right wing . 
  yes , just google it , because this is basic knowledge . 
  it 's so sweet when former yugos claim that serbian , croatian , montenegrin and bosniak are separate languages . 
  that 's the plan . 
  i think that in reality companies will just fire people , shift the work on the left ones without a raise ( +5 h per week for nothing ) and all the monetary gains will just safely lie on shareholders ' accounts . 
  because that 's what happened in poland after similar changes . 
  go read why nazis were right wing . 
  how this bill helps economy ? 
  i could understand prolonging work hours to 40 , but the easier firing ? 
  yeah , nsdap was n't left though . 
  i would n't expect ps to get rid of famous 35-h law and other workers ' rights . 
  why would anything but his cnservative , fascist and right-wing views matter ? 
  he 's is famous for them and them only , nobody warred germany because of fiscal policies . 
  i thought that partie socialiste won the elections and formed the government ? 
   i 'll remind you that left/right reefers strictly to economic policy . 
  bollocks . 
  utter discordance with reality . 
  read [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/435vk9/nazism_was_a_far_left_movement_with_a_right_wing/ ) , i do n't have to time to argue such obvious point as right-wing-ness of nazis , these guys ' arguments are like mine . 
  why do you revive this already dead `` discussion '' ? 
  oh yeah , the old `` nazis were leftists ! '', 
  nonsense . 
  they are . 
  practically every european country does n't allow you to incite genocide or racial hatred . 
  weird i see a lot of people mocking hate crimes laws with babytalk and never a comnent like yours . 
   everything you post is about that country . 
  why do you lie ? 
  they behave like russian pawns . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , if they do it deliberately as enemies or accidentally as idiots . 
  it is a joke . 
  maybe russian ones , because they sure do n't behave as patriotic poles . 
  that 's like calling theft `` simple transfer of money '' . 
  i know reddit has a hard-on for frozen peaches but i thought europeans learned that yells `` gas the jews '' is not innocent exercising of whatever ammendent . 
  inb4 americans crying about freeze peaches . 
  oh my god , who caressss, 
  new taxes and fees they plan to introduce will eat the bonus . 
   evicus \\  triggered, 
  i would . 
  they still use fax machines . 
  lol , they 're not . 
  old people are complaining that the youth is n't reminded how shitty socialism was . 
   i used the french example too , where the youth working class is supporting le pen , more than other candidates . 
  why ? 
  because the left forgot the workers and only concentrates itself around futile problems regarding sexual and racial minorities . 
  thank you for using european example . 
  us doing something is not an argument while discussing european politics . 
  the right used `` traitors ! '', 
  cries first in poland . 
   libtrard when this idiotic insult escaped from its containment in us ? 
   european politics can be reduced to a common denominator , which is the globalist ones and the nationalists . 
  it can be reduced to other common denominators as businees < -  workers or conservatism < -  liberalism . 
  it 's still oversimiplification more harmful than helpful . 
  do n't cry about godwin 's law if you 're using ussr as an example . 
  besides i only said that to show how faulty that line was by replacing one word in your comment . 
  there 's harsh punishment and there 's final . 
  are n't french canadians french americans ? 
  i like the pattern . 
  politics won over the aesthetics . 
  [ tridivision of political powers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation_of_powers#montesquieu.27s_tripartite_system ), 
  show me non-fringe nationalist left party then . 
   because that spectrum is divided according to economic doctrines no , that 's just one way to divide political spectrum and obviously not the only one .
