  lax gun laws did n't prevent 9/11, 
   i can use the exact same argument to say `` do n't i have a right to know if the farmer who grew it was black '' . 
  maybe if ate farmers , but we 're talking about the food . 
  no , racist bigotry is n't comparable to anti-gmo sentiment. , do n't try to muddy the waters with this shit like comparing discrimination against black people to hurt feefees of megacorps . 
  it 's insulting . 
  there 's no argument against gmo labels except minuscule costs suffered by multimillionaire companies . 
  corporations saving few bucks trampling will of the people is incompatible with the premises of democratic society . 
  you 're ignorant about europe but you think you know better if we 're homogenius or not than us europeans ? 
  yes , we 're too poor , please invesrt in eastern poland . 
  they 're not `` highly '' similar at all . 
  lie . 
   you still have n't provided a source indicating that ttip aims to prohibit countries from introducing mandatory gmo labeling the article, 
   i can say that women buy more tampons than men without looking at the data . 
  this would only work if there was undeniable link between melanin and crime . 
  in democratic country people 's fears are more important than corporations losing 0,0005 $ per label . 
  i 'd lose all my scepticism if you commented on / r/cats , / r/pics etc. 
   never said the data does n't matter , said i can make the statement without looking at the data . 
  this statement is self-contradicting . 
  no , you prove black people in poland commit more crimes * per capita * than the rest . 
  i 'll wait some days to see your page again , right now it 's flooded with comments from this thread . 
   right , and people are n't eating any ingredient called gmo . 
  yeah the food containing gmos or made from gmos does n't have an ingredient `` called gmo '' . 
  congratz you proved your discussion skills by pointing out minor semanticist error . 
   organized movements in support of mandatory gmo labeling are funded by organic groups : shove that copy-pasta where sun does n't shine . 
  we 're talking about europe , not your united states of lobbyland . 
  there 's no `` crimes committed by students '' statistics provided by police to public . 
  besides why would i show you the data if you 've already stated that data do n't matter to you ? 
  so you 'd have 18 people shooting each other , just great . 
  the guns did n't end the siege , the professional , trained , experienced elite armed force ended the siege . 
   i think the question you 're looking to answer is do black poles commit more crimes per capita than white poles ? 
  they do n't as they 're mostly students or their descendants . 
   without even looking at the data i am going to safely answer yes . 
  thanks for outright admitting you 're an idiot . 
  that would still be higher than most of europe . 
  you can always come through russia !, 
   well , but that logic we could label the brand and colour of the truck that delivered the produce to the shop . 
  colour of trucks would be relevant if people ate trucks . 
  besides people do n't care about these information or whatever else you 're going to make up , but they care about gmo . 
  will of the people should trump corpo-money . 
  i 'm not arguing about guns in usa anymore . 
  how would guns help in paris ? 
  i know , that 's why i wo n't argue about guns in us anymore . 
  like mothzillas to nuclear reactor . 
  you mean mexico ? 
  is n't the gun flow going * from * usa rather than * to * usa ? 
  nevermind , some american showed me that the 2 ^ nd amendment prevents installing european-like laws restricting private sale between individuals . 
  i ca n't call it a loophole if it 's goal of the law . 
  [ fortunately europeans invented method to prevent such tragedies ] ( http://joemonster.org/i/ab/ruminiya_001.jpg ), 
  ` muricans can have all the rest of reddit , but here we use * our * insufferable memes !, 
   it 's not a loophole as it is a feature of the 2nd amendment . 
  in this case i really do n't see any sense advocating for gun control in usa . 
  i wo n't argue about guns in america from now on . 
  black people in poland commit less crimes per capita than white usians . 
   you can , as a private citizen , sell your firearm to whomever you want ( unless you knowingly sell to a felon ) , but this has nothing to do with gun shows . 
  so there is a loophole , just elsewhere . 
  yeah , i would n't trust that / u/pheyniex guy . 
  thank you for your service . 
  oh well , my mistake . 
  i wanted to tease him a lik ' bit longer and their rules do n't allow it after you posted it . 
  but feel free to do it . 
  there is rational reason to label gmo . 
  people want to be informed about what they eat . 
  we need to enforce strict toddler control !, 
  humans are just the worst . 
  society should be 100 % robots like in switzerland . 
  why would food prices change in greece if we do n't agree to ttip ? 
  ukrainians and russians were considered `` brother nations '' . 
  look at them now . 
  no , they are meant to reduce the number of regular people shooting each other . 
  it worked in australia . 
  gun laws are n't targeting terrorist attacks though . 
  someone 's jealous he did n't land on a comet . 
   how many arent just from europe ? 
  why would this matter ? 
   gmo labeling infringes on people 's rights to sell their product without a meaningless warning label . 
  there 's no such rights . 
  and thinking of corporations as people with rights leads to corpocracy . 
   how about an `` evolution is a theory '' label on science books ? 
  in poland we have `` evolution is a theory '' inside our books right next to definition of scientific theory and vast amount of proofs . 
  besides that 's not comparable . 
  maybe if the sticker said `` this books contains theory of evolution '' . 
  but the books must be sanctioned by government so the sticker would be on evey schoolbook . 
   so if people want to ban homosexuality , that 's okay ? 
  no because that infringes people 's rights in this case right to sexual freedom . 
  do n't make such absurd comparisons . 
  and still have school shootings, 
  no , it 's just you failing to notice obvious non serious smack-talk . 
  [ whoosh ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/992/401/e37.png ), 
   because there has to be some justification . 
  there is , will of majority of people . 
  well , they worked in australia . 
  country `` big and diverse '' with very autonomous states and history of spread gun ownership . 
   i would argue that 's a mental health issue . 
  that 's another issue . 
  you could prevent that `` drop in the ocean '' covering loopholes allowing people to get guns without background checks . 
  europe is made of diverse , heterogenous countries most of which have tens of million people . 
  germany and russia are federations . 
  south italian `` dialects '' are different languages to those used in venezia . 
  all balkan countries have significant muslim minority . 
  switzerland has ** four ** official languages , not even counting regional dialects .
