  they 're still against the change proposed by pis, 
   the baby is already in a womb . 
  it 's still the woman 's womb and not anyone else . 
  this changes nothing . 
  because you did n't adress the issue of body autonomy . 
  edit : yougotmoxy addressed the issue later in the comments and he values the life of a foetus more than body autonomy of the mother . 
   criminalize killing the child out of the country . 
  already done in poland . 
  metaphor is great . 
  it 's woman 's decision whether she let the foetus use her womb or not . 
  66 % are against , 4 % does n't have opinion on this . 
  communist regime is n't positive cart in polish history but they did few positive things regarding women 's rights and gender equality . 
   restricting in this context does not equal illegal except it does . 
  fuck off with this cppy-pasted pile of bullshit , you spambot . 
  majority does n't , but according to pis , they have `` democratic mandate '' so they can do whatever they want . 
  they showed it with all the shit they 've done to our constitutional court . 
   those kids [ picture of an oak ] ( https://www.diki.pl/images-common/words400/acorn.jpg ) even if foetus was a `` kid '' , a woman is still not in any obligation ( apart from legal in certain countries ) to provide her body to it . 
  it 's the same principle that makes legal not donating kidneys to someone who would die without transplantation . 
  according to wikipedia it 's less strict . 
  it looks like if woman 's health were to suffer she still has to give birth in roi . 
   if it 's because he took a look at poland 's birthrate and concluded it 's been falling at a consistent rate since 2011 that would make it debatable . 
  people are n't breeding cattle . 
  we already have * one of the most * restrict abortion law in europe ( not counting microstates ) : a woman may perform abortion if : 1 . 
  pregnancy is the effect of forbidden act ( such as rape ) , and the foetus/embryo has less than 12 weeks ; 2 . 
  pregnancy threatens woman 's life or health ( no limit ) 3 . 
  the foetus/embryo is uncurabely sick/damaged ( microcephalia , down syndrome etc. 
  ) , but not if it can survive outside of mother 's womb however the gynaecologist may deny the abortion due to conscience clause . 
  he may also not tell the woman where she can legal abortion and who will perform it due to ruling of constitutional court ( back in the days , when its ruling were respected ) . 
  many abortions are masked `` involuntary miscarriages '' due to stigma . 
  wealthy women often go to slovakia , czech republic or germany for their abortions . 
  ----------- edit : sorry , forgot about ireland . 
  it 's not popular and it has racial connotations . 
  edit : downvotes may hide my comment but wo n't change the fact that it 's still a slur . 
   the power balance is directly connected to the skills . 
  no , not really . 
  without restrictions set by the state , the employer has massive advantage over the employee , like in xix-xx century filled with awful lowly-paid jobs without security nets . 
  of course some extreme rare jobs like nuclear engineer or neural surgeon are exception to this but this does n't change the situations of millions of other , more easily replaced people . 
  pis is n't `` far '' right . 
  kukiz '15 is . 
  cut this eristic and do n't put words i have n't said in my mouth . 
  desirability of someone 's skill have little effect on someone 's salary if there 's big imbalance between powers of employer and employee . 
   the right gives more support to poor people who want to work offering them fantastic proposition of staying poor but with a job . 
  do n't worry , pis government ** will * find a way to lower our international reputation even more . 
  and the third of my country will applaud them . 
  how convenient for orban 's `` evil degenerated decadent liberal west '' narrative . 
  [ europe according to yanks ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yakxt5l.png ), 
   unless you count the victims of 50 years of communist occupation . 
  and maybe some killings made by anti-communist insurgency . 
  regardless of it , poland had n't any civilian run amok and shoot people for half of century . 
   also , do you know that the reduction in arms for civilians was a soviet strategy aimed at controlling the enslaved populations ? 
  `` do you know who else did x thing ? 
  hitler did ! '', 
  type of argument . 
   it 's even visible in the rates of eastern vs western europe . 
  ** what ** ratios ? 
   i see you proudly continue the homo sovieticus legacy . 
  not wanting to turn my country into lilttle us with little sandy hook or columbia massacres does n't make me homo sovieticus , it makes me not a fucking moron . 
  no , poland has one of the smallest gun ownership ratio and i like it this way . 
  no shootings , no massacres since the wwii . 
  these feels are n't relevant here . 
  almost nobody in europe `` identifies '' as an european . 
  does n't change the fact that british people are europeans . 
   i found it as second link in google , so it ca n't be so dangerous . 
  sweet summer child . 
  gun shows . 
  more like malware & invasive ads warning . 
  i bet ewoks were communist . 
  did n't you watch star wars ? 
  separatists are bad guys !, 
  and marathons and film theatres and schools, 
  maybe it 's thing in english . 
  britain is in europe you arrogant orangutan-faced fat bastard . 
  polish statistics on abortion are untrustworthy . 
  even if we wo n't count the illegal underground abortions and `` abortion tourism '' , legal abortions are often hid as natural miscarriages to avoid bad press . 
  yea this looks like an attempt to milk our forests . 
  courts have ruled that 's not allowed to sell forests , so they 'll made money out of `` infected '' trees . 
   i think it 's stupid but this is essentially what people over there wanted . 
  no , it 's not . 
  on the wood market , there will be mass amount of wood that was magically un-infested ... 
  it 's irrelevant because communists have made us one of the most homogenised societies in the world , not only by expulsions of non-poles but also with forced disappearance of regional dialects , tradition and quirks . 
  you do realise there was more terrorist attacks in xix and xx century than now and europe survived this ? 
  yep , poland is now a caliphate because of it . 
  yes . 
  poland-lithuania may have been , but it 's irrelevant now . 
  these two comments are awful , sexist and repulsive, 
  it 's called karma pimping, 
  so it 's good ruling then . 
  [ relevant polandball ] ( https://i.imgur.com/avhb8qd.png ) by / u/pyram1de, 
  you mean european corporations , not `` us '' . 
  literally hitler, 
  i 'm the specialest snowflake in these parts . 
  in polish too . 
  but i love shitting on my country and eaat euros . 
  do n't worry , romania will collapse before ue . 
  we had this `` slippery '' slope for decades . 
  it 's american cartoon after all . 
  thanks , any link to polish investigatin too ? 
  do you have any link where mak claimed b\u0142asik was drunk ? 
  how i 'm paranaoical ? 
  how ?
