  nope . 
  i did n't use this word in the argument just called out some bullshit . 
  yes these clearly justify dehumanising muslims . 
   you did , my hysterical little friend . 
  i did not , but honestly i stopped caring what you think . 
  nigeria has two legal systems , how is this homogenous ? 
  of course `` homogenous '' has its defined meaning , but some people warp it to `` without blacks/browns '' . 
   so you deny that he was responding to someone who brought up wwii ? 
  yes , this is clearly what i was saying . 
  truly , your reading skill is on completely different level than that of most humans posses . 
  yes indeed , i am five just like you said . 
  hey , i think i found perfect subreddit for you : / r/topmindsofreddit, 
   calm down and admit you are wrong . 
  great advice !, 
  maybe try to do it yourself . 
  yes and trying to somehow link soviet occupation with recent migrant crisis by `` far left '' factor despite no connection between those two things . 
  bullshit and you know it . 
   those people have experience of what can be caused by far leftism implying the protest against immigrants was organised because people fear far left instead of just being xenophobic . 
  ^ ( ( this is the part you accuse me of calling every immigration opposer nazis , while blissfully ignoring the fact that equating refugees with terrorists is a textbook example of xenophobia ) ^ ), 
  today polandball comics , tomorrow space, 
  accepting refugees and treating them without paranoiac prejudice is n't far left . 
  they did , they do n't . 
  they mocked european government not the child . 
  `` homogenous '' is a synonym for `` white '' for these people . 
  totally not fearmongering guys !, 
  hysteria typical for anglo academias, 
   masoni i gejevi antichrista sinowi  koji cu nas okupaci what a charming fellow, 
  would i be able to communicate with locals using french ? 
  for new generations of poles pkin is nothing more than classy and dirty skycraper . 
  maybe for elders it symbolises oppression but poland does n't belong only to elders . 
   why are they not allowed to choose which country they feel the most safe in ? 
  they are , and the countries have the choice whether accept them or not . 
  so is calling them left . 
  they joined centre-right party in pe . 
  po is n't left . 
  they 're centre-right in european politics , it 's just poland that is skewed . 
  yes . 
  finally our centreness recognised !, 
   what can be decided is the date . 
  `` do you want euro before 2100 ? '', 
  probably low quality cigarette . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  i edited my comment . 
  * spooky scary refugees * * send islam down your spine * * halal meat and saudi mosque * * will seal your doom tonight *, 
  i think that japanese atrocities in china or mao 's regime could be pretenders but i 'm not educated enough on the issue to argue . 
  i do n't . 
  cieszyn rightful polish clay !, 
  ~ ~ it is not surprising . 
  jewish organisation often are offended when someone suggest the holocaust was n't * the * worst thing that ever happened . ~ ~ edit : fuck , i did n't read the article properly . 
  while my comment can be overall true , that 's not the case with unified hungarian jewish congregation here . 
  they can fuck themselves with halal sausages . 
  maybe . 
  2nd generation are considered polish if they know language , history etc. 
  by majority . 
  you changed india to japan . 
  moving goalposts much ? 
  `` all i see are untermensch ! '', 
  he 's french you moron . 
  it 's just not the same without your supervising though . 
  thanks for the idea for polandball comic, 
  tell that to russia . 
  hungarians are bratanki , second best country in world after poland . 
  czechs are godless gay wanna-be german who speak funny . 
  they did n't fight hitler like poland because they wanted to be andchlussed anyway . 
  slovaks are confused czechs who spent too much time in mountains . 
  go-to country to have an abortion without local rosemary club picqueting the hospital/clinic . 
  why there 's such distinction ? 
  yeah but banks are owned by jews . 
  lizards are n't people . 
  yes but banks themselves are n't . 
  we have other stereotypes for you, 
  i ai n't gon na repost your own comments , sorry . 
  no , i 'm not denying facts , i 'm denying bullshit conclusions of yours . 
  your babbling reeks of projections . 
  there are better ways to deal with having nazi grandparents you know . 
  just ask your northern neighbours . 
  apparently that 's how austrians deal with their nazi guilt . 
  blame shifting . 
  you mean medieval spain ? 
  but that means teaming up with bulgaria and romania and they have gypsy . 
  i did n't say i do n't like banks . 
  i like them , they 're useful . 
  they are n't people though . 
  banks are n't people . 
  it saddens me we have to have migrant crisis to finally get v4 going . 
  please do the rest of uk population a favor and also leave the isles . 
  i like your username . 
  racist, 
  yes but only in britain . 
  and i 'm tired of my country being pictured as 3rd world shithole by daily mail but i guess we have to bear our pet peeves . 
  correct . 
  -- joke -------  you, 
  maybe unifying family reunion laws for whole eu would ( at least partially ) solve problem ? 
  it is for poles, 
  \\  tfw polish 2nd most popular language in both british isles, 
  accomodating foreigners is literally white genocide , do n't ya know ? 
  question was `` what country is ok to live '' . 
  not good just good enough . 
  let 's all live in germany . 
   integrating in uk that would mean eating english food .
