  it does n't , jerking off to concept of absolute free speech makes one only obnoxious . 
  i 'm telling them to go that `` bastion of free speech '' , not saying they 're from here . 
  redditors are awfully unaware of european values , history and experience regardless of their nationality when it comes to defending the `` right '' to deny genocides . 
  if you really do n't see difference between genocide and sweetened drink , there 's no sense of further discussion with you . 
  my respect for germans went so much up when i learned how first generations after war rebelled against their nazi grandparents and parents in 60 's . 
  among other things . 
  antinazi laws ( combined with copious amounts of education ) prevented rebirth of nazi movement . 
  the proof is de-nazification of germany . 
  now it 's the turn for defenders of neonazis . 
  i 'd be ok with secret negotiations ( because public opinion is a whimsy creature ) , but governments ' officials had limited time to read the text , without lawyers , without translators while companies and corporations ' representatives had unlimited access to the documents . 
  such asymmetry is unacceptable . 
  i rather meant organised informational war from foreign state , but i 'm glad too that le pen finally shut up . 
  europe never had ** absolute ** freedom of speech . 
  it did help and it still helps . 
  you have no proof there would be less neo-nazis without such laws . 
  yes , all laws are tyranny of government . 
  why are n't you offended by jails ? 
  they 're clearly violating freedom of movement !, 
  we know from history that there is need for laws protecting minorites that are usually scapegoats . 
  we like you too germany . 
  this does stop simply misguided people but does n't stop the ones that has malicious agendas in propagating falsified history . 
  oh no , it 's one of these awful threads where reddit once again shows that it does n't understand european values and insists on absolute freedom of speech regardless of reason , history or documented events . 
  fuck off to usa and join kkk if being racist is so important to you . 
  `` nazis did x therefore ... '', 
  slippery slope fallacy . 
  the ~ ~ anti-missile shield ~ ~ russophobic comnents limit russia 's ~ ~ nuclear ~ ~ information war capability and are therefore hostile acts toward russia . 
  independent polish state is a provocation to russia . 
  / r/russia behaves like besieged ~ ~ fortress ~ ~ cesspool . 
  poland is inside swastika chicken, 
  it keeps ni somewhat stable . 
  exit/remain is not right-left issue . 
  because the word gained new meaning in western ( european ) english . 
   `` if you take general public 's opinion instead of outliers '' is a line i heard a lot about the uk referendum a week ago . 
  this means nothing . 
  so what you heard it about brexit ? 
  you should figure out yourself that this statement does n't fit evenly split great britain . 
  general public in germany is still more accepting of foreigners than polish one . 
  if you take general public 's opinion instead of outliers , it 's not contradictory . 
  is n't afd support biggest in bundeslands with the lowest amount of immigrants/refugees ? 
  we do ? 
   his man was found and prosecutor charged him with accusations of art . 
  256 paragraph 1 of the criminal code that 's great . 
  i 'm happy to be wrong . 
  this does n't mean there 's no oppression , it just means there 's no state condoned violence . 
  speak for yourself . 
  federal europe is my dream . 
  let 's decide it by a song contest !, 
  no , it 's cool , i already got it explained by other norge . 
  they got a lot more powers and now additionally they do n't have to ask judges for permission . 
  we lose layers and layers of citizens ' protections from govermental oppression . 
  spooky scary immigrants eu is german instrument of nazi tyranny make britain great again, 
  i did n't call polish gov dictatorship . 
  they recently made a law that furthers invigilation , unbridled police and prosecutors ' powers and sold usual `` terrorism '' excuse . 
  no , british tyranny `` outwitted '' the irish . 
  poland has done similar thing . 
  that 's still more than i thought . 
  wow , did n't know skopje was so albanian . 
  minority languages are often exaggerated on such maps so you can actually see them . 
  you 're not cool kid turkey . 
  nazis by small margin . 
  i do n't believe you were n't conservative before that show . 
  i much prefer / u/executivemonkey, 
  compared to other slavic countries slovenia is san francisco to abu zabi . 
  neither were , are and will be any of your comments . 
  turkey contributed tenfold more to european history , culture and science than serbia . 
   adding a bucket full of water and wet cloth in the mix makes no difference at that point . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  i said i do n't really know . 
  are you implying belarus has no censorship , no suppression of opposition ? 
  probably . 
  norway and iceland rely on fishing too much to ~ ~ care ~ ~ listen to eu . 
   right !, 
  lets compare belarus with north korea , im sure it helps your point . 
  it helps showing that having fa\u00e7ade elections does n't make the country democratic . 
  turkey is uninvolved with eu 's political and electoral structure . 
  eu quotas would force norway to decrease their fishing . 
  it 's unacceptable for them . 
  and then links to / r/buenzli and / r/nordvei would finally join yellow frame in / r/yurop 's sidebar !, 
  his opinion maybe was funny , but because it 's misinformed , not because of their nationality . 
  dprk also has elections . 
  i guess they must be more democratic than eu too . 
  yes , because being romanian automatically makes your opinion invalid . 
  not like swiss ubermensch . 
  no , that 's still belarus . 
  this also works vice versa . 
  they are n't extremist though . 
  and besides ruining economy they are relatively harmless . 
  i 'm pretty sure that chances of ultranationalists seizing power are greater in poland than in germany . 
  monsters . 
  some poles think lithuania should return wilno . 
  you 're taking fringe examples and extrapolising it onto millions of people . 
  yes , germany is known for their historical revisionism . 
  some radical religious group threatens attack on pride parade and authorities ignore it . 
  congratulations you turned an article about lgbt people in turkey to circlejerk about oh-so-opressed yourself . 
  / u/pothkan did n't imply being pathetic yet you mentioned it . 
  so spreading propaganda about evul merkelreich makes on unpathetic ? 
  do n't worry germany i lub you . 
  i do n't care about bigots ' fee-fees . 
  that 's the opposite of smart . 
  to annoy little cunts like you .
