  god , these imgur comments gave me cancer . 
  stupid soviet apologists, 
  i 'd prefer some of them in museum though . 
  i prefer my unhabitated buuldings to stay unburnt . 
  you do n't know anything about me neither . 
  i 'm not far left like you claimed . 
  if you use memes from the sub with neonazis , expect to be called out . 
  i 'm centrist but i guess everything is far left if you believe in magical jewminaty destroying white civilisation ^ ^ tm . 
  also calling antisemitic racist xenophobe a nazi is not hate speech just calling duxk a duck . 
  sometimes i go here and laugh at your delusions . 
  and it 's nice to have you all nazi scum restagged . 
  his stance is n't really leftist . 
  fresh from the front page of / r/eurppean !, 
  heh , you indirectly gave me an idea for a polandball comic . 
  you 're justifying burning people alive . 
  fuck of with your gorilla warfare . 
  go back to your imaginary `` whiteman 's land ( r ) '' you * degenerate * sicko . 
  it 's only difference of two bottles of vodka . 
  oh wait , you 're actually arsonist apologist , sorry did n't notice . 
  so in order to decrease crime they commited a crime ? 
  see ? 
  you even know the language already !, 
  that post was epitome of / r/badhistory though . 
  `` social changes i do n't like '', 
  through the mouth . 
  that 's why unironic usage of `` degeneracy '' is a red flag . 
  today germany is nothing like previous german states . 
  wow . 
  ** literally ** hitler . 
  bourgeoisis !, 
  as a warning, 
  we have a winner here . 
  i remember one commenter from there who admitted that , after some / r/europe mod asked him for little * diversity * of his submissions , immediately spammed ten 10 shitsources more about immigration . 
   holocaust denial is banned omg , mods so nazi . 
  what if poland is kleindeutschland ? 
  of course , by every definition spain is in africa . 
  so much ignorance in my country and yet some idiots want to block sex-ed . 
  yes . 
  did you live under some rock for the last 70 years ? 
  they generally try compensate their perceived lack of polishness by going full retarded conservative . 
  not smearing mosques with pig remains would be nice i must admit . 
  finland is basically helsinki + tundra anyway . 
  ohohoho , i think i know how . 
  through pores . 
  average czech * does * think better . 
  i know there 's no homotopia but there are clearly differences between spain and poland . 
  fortunately i see some little change to better when comparing to 5 years ago . 
  church has radicalised recently against `` gender ideology '' but it can be just backlash . 
  i 'm not saying the estonian state should n't accomodate to language/ethnic minorities . 
  but we 're talking here about 3rd generation of people in estonia not knowing estonian . 
  you know , if people had to describe themselves none whom i know would be homophobe . 
  but then you hear `` i 'm not homophobe , * buuuut * ... [ insert random homophobic shit ] '' . 
  or `` i 'm indifferent about gays , but ca n't they behave normally ( i.e. 
  pretend they 're straight ) ? '', 
  or some bullshit about parades . 
  stop trying derile from the problem of virile russian homophobia . 
  your comment could be accurate in other threads about russia but now it 's just bullshitting . 
  i 'm sorry i think liquidating gays is a bad thing . 
  at least famous czech apathy somehow softens it up . 
  no , it 's no fascist to exepect to be able to communicate in estonian in goddamn estonia . 
  i understand that it may be rude to expect russians to speak estonian but it 's like 3rd generation of them living there . 
  forbidding to speek russian would be fascist . 
   culturally marxist ... aaaand i know you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  even crazy catho poland is less homophobic than you balts . 
  i was quite shocked when i saw the statistics for the first time . 
  look at you , you nazi fascist trying to communicate in estonian in estonia . 
  germany is nicest country . 
  not seal-clubbing canada . 
  we have better than you then . 
  church in poland is actively fighting against women 's and lgbt rights . 
  gg no re, 
  shocking, 
  is romania orthodox poland ? 
  but muh second first almondenent !, 
  yay for severing moors ' heads !, 
  did you actually read my comment ? 
  it 's just anti-refugee sentiment . 
  noone would talk about `` betrayal '' if it was about energy security . 
  no , because they 're not black , duh . 
  what if the whole migration is just conspiracy to topple great britain 's position as number 1 paedo ? 
  last time it was advanced mathematics ... 
  overusing word `` fascist '' by those fools has not yet ceased to amuse me . 
  i watched the original . 
  and opinion of * shrek * 's dubbing is pretty much a consensus of polish linguists and translators . 
  russian protectorate of estonia . 
  polish dubbing of * shrek * was better than original . 
  almost all of them . 
  it looks like tomato . 
  [ old flag was better . 
   i am extremely passionate about . 
  and not very educated in the subject . 
  why hide the palace ? 
  because few old geezers ca n't get over with its past ? 
  your post defending modern architecture gave me asmr, 
  `` tolerate our intolerance ! '', 
  he certainly will be dead but i 'm not so sure about us both . 
  it 's for russian soldiers who might get lost like they did in ukraine . 
   there was n't real winter since 6 years . 
  you better get used to it , especially with trump as president of the most polluting country on earth . 
  the climate wo n't,
