  no no no , not this 98 % cathobullshit again . 
  it 's been debunked hundreds of time . 
  there 's no such thing as `` lgbt propaganda '' though . 
  for me it 's european values of enlightenment , respect for culture , christian ethics , integration , antisemitism , imperialism , stolen art from africa and not being stinky brown people . 
   russian products ? 
  like russian tv sets , russian cars ? 
  russian tourism . 
  russians took fragments of crashed tu-154 too . 
  politically we obey america , economically we obey germany . 
  we could be more autonomous but our political `` elites '' decided it 'd be better this way . 
  we ca n't even get the ( now purged from any evidence ) wreckage of tu-154 for fuck 's sake . 
  even visegrad does n't listen to us . 
  maybe we should try fix welfare before we let immigrants . 
  and even manageable islam is mysogynist , intolerant , homophobic , backwards doctrine . 
  well , not for poland , sure . 
  we 're too poor to attract immigrants . 
  but richer western europe will certainly welcome massive influx of crime , islam and welfare extortion . 
  and drastical decline for the rest . 
  monolith did n't meet the ue standards . 
  yeah , next thing , jews are going to tell holohoax was real !, 
  crazy guys , are n't they . 
  what a surprise !, 
  because language is set in stone . 
  as long as state does n't require producing offspring to be married , conceiving children is not an arguement . 
  he mentioned bi too . 
   at the risk of sounding very gender but you 're already belgian . 
  i just hope we get gay rights before we get partitioned again . 
   if i would be gay , i would vote for far right . 
  yeah ... sure . 
  turn gay , enjoy some far right as a homosexual person , then talk . 
   but for some reasons , you homos do i have gay accent when i type ? 
  or you 're just projecting your insecurities ? 
  you know , in most western societies lgbt people have chosen neither christian assholes nor muslim assholes and it worked . 
  voting for far right is like treating possibility of broken ankle with amputation . 
  you ca n't break an ankle when you have n't got any !, 
  congratulations on being first slav country that went full homo !, 
  nehas co te nepali ? 
  they even ditched the name `` civil union/partnership '' for the `` partner agreement '' . 
  apparently even `` union '' is sacred word . 
  choosing between old fashioned christian/conservative bigotry and radical islam is like choosing between amputation between one or two legs . 
  how about neither ? 
  i know transformation from socislism to capitalism can ruin a country . 
  i was n't comparing pre-90 ' to post-90 ' , but eastern to western block . 
  and i 'm not denying socialist ideas can help the people . 
  healthcare , workers ' rights and all that jazz . 
  i 'm saying that installing socialism/communism as state 's ideology makes the country poor . 
  also , comparing to warsaw pact , yugo was n't that bad , so i can still be condescending and claim you know nothing john west . 
  your country can go true communism whenever you want but please spare us bullshitting about wonders of communist economy . 
  bla bla bla , stalin/mao/pol pot 's atrocities are n't the fault of socialism . 
  yes , we know . 
  poverty , food shortages , low standard of living , poor economy are `` gifts '' from communists/socialist . 
  they brought misery regardless of oppression . 
  no thanks . 
  * edited because grammar, 
  in big cities, 
  tinytim should seduce him and bring him out of the closet . 
  `` ask ** europe ** '', 
  i was n't saying anything about logical fallacies , just typical western bullshit . 
  but nice projecting you got here . 
  love all the ad hominems . 
  western europeans are full of themselves . 
  another westerner with `` no true communism '' bullshit . 
  his wife, 
  they 're not bigoted , just `` culturally concious '' . 
  sixth circle of hellfire . 
  srbija do to tokija, 
  i am sooooo making this polandball comic . 
  of course my fellow pakistani . 
  at least quebecois is somehow different to parisien dialect . 
  nope , just yuropean supremacist . 
  why did you mention us ? 
  so you have to excuse yourselves using french ? 
  typical for am\u00e9rique . 
  they are . 
  they have history , monuments , culture , festives , museums , finland even have evil empire right to their border . 
  canada has maple syrup , hockey , elks , geese and ... that new pagan penis temple i suppose . 
  you think about other sikorski . 
  i can get mauled in russia and at least see some huge ass soviet monuments . 
  americans did n't rape or steal . 
  oh not this shit again . 
  i know it 's about zaolzie without even opening that link . 
  yes , we took some land . 
  no , we did n't team up with hitler . 
  it 's boooooooring . 
  belarusian accent of polish is nicer . 
  belrusian is more similar to polish than is to russian . 
  not surprising considering history , but i thought tv guys in belarus speak russian . 
  guys can you stop literally genociding our language pls ? 
  also `` no true communism '' fallacy . 
  nothing new !, 
  germans and humour ... 
  yes , beautiful polish cities . 
  nice `` german '' land you 've got on the east , mr bismarck . 
  you have large confirmation bias . 
  so diverse !, 
  suck it america . 
  but that 's like half of my ethnic identity !, 
   poland elaborate pls . 
  they 're not the part of debate but some parts of their rhetoric has spread . 
  compare meaning of `` lewak '' today and 10 years ago .
