  what about macedonia ? 
  ok , ok we get it , czechs are beautiful special snowflakes . 
   you 're laughing at people dying . 
  americans do it every time nuking japan is mentioned on reddit . 
  also no oceanic sheep-shagger will tell me if i 'm european or not !, 
  bad . 
  they were jewish death camps !, 
  what peoples were killed there ? 
  jews !, 
  so camps were jewish !, 
  now if only there was some kind of jewland , germany could pump money there , but since , there 's no such country , we must bear the duty of receiving money . 
  not enough . 
   why does poland receive so much ( wtf ! ) ? 
  war reparations paid by germoney . 
  [ in variete concordia !, 
  marihuanenina already makes people gay , so it 'll be two stones hit with one bird !, 
  did ' t changed anything on national scale though . 
  i wish it did . 
  yea , people should only have rights if they 're normal . 
  if anything , you only prove that ignorance does n't require being religious . 
  while i agree america can be disgusting , i 'd argue it 's because of walmart and not gay rights . 
  that already came out and did n't change mind . 
  scared of invasion ? 
  scared of russia completely fucking up our shale gas industry ? 
  oh yes !, 
  still not marriage . 
  so i guess the west should let you rot ? 
  as opposed to albanian albanians ? 
  guess which one of them you see commenting on reddit . 
  i 've seen plenty of such `` must be biased '' comments , so one exceptions just confirms the rule . 
  edit : heh , several little brave unitedstatesian came to fight armed in downvotes for their fatherland !, 
  there 's always some money transfer company . 
  everyone under 30 and their dog emigrates . 
  nooooooo !, 
  our homogeneity record !, 
  usa not # 1 ? 
  must be biased . 
  barf . 
  ah yes , the famous `` autonomous '' russian oblasts . 
   i 'd rather die do n't worry , you wo n't have to choose !, 
   for some reason `` some '', 
  protesthants . 
  political left is laughable , so even if we have leftist electorat.it does n't show in public . 
   polish liberal you mean `` traitor of polish nation '' ? 
  our left is mostly post-communists or their children . 
  also they fucked up when they were elected . 
  those damn slovaks !, 
  you 're happy because of duda , kukiz or overall komorowski 's decline ? 
  yea , i was just jerking . 
  he most likely has my `` antyduda '' vote in 2nd run, 
  polish politicians ? 
  they 're all right !!, 
  we should fancy up our flag like iran did too !, 
  but he gave us so much memes !, 
  saved . 
  but you 're not as big as russia . 
  lithuania , poland , baltics did n't have to fear the collapse . 
  `` we fight for peace ! '', 
  \\* * launches missiles at usa **, 
  everyone knows there 's no interns , but continue this charade as you please . 
  that poland is as bas as mauretania . 
  social experiment on * reddit * ? 
  seriously ? 
   you 're all a bunch of pathetic , living under a rock , idiots . 
  nice words for someone caring about his sweet imaginary internet points . 
  this is awesome !, 
  tfw your economy is based on coal rather than eco-friendly slaves . 
  poland stronk !, 
  thanks to uncle stalin we have no foreigners !, 
  and foreigners means no racism !, 
  whole sub-saharan africa can confirm this !, 
  what about palestineball ? 
  now i only have to get more hatemail than dickrhino and my reign as the face of polandball will be undisputable !, 
  the same reason your belgium flair is tilted by 90 ^ o, 
  i 'd say these are n't * that * comparable . 
  besides i do n't even hate america . 
  erm ... no . 
  sorry , he posted so many angry comments i thought there 's few of them . 
  so when it 's the big day ? 
  i wonder if he will start white-washing franco . 
  all these butthurt turks in this thread ... hilarious !, 
   would n't then a far better option be to erase marriage as a legal concept entirely what 's the difference ? 
  it is easier to obtain marriage equality than abolishing marriage . 
  of course it has paedophiles . 
  there is . 
  right to marry ? 
  right to be not discriminated against ? 
  culture can have bigoted , harmful and oppressive elements and it 's okay to change it . 
  homophobia is n't really part of culture . 
  not to mention that same-sex marriage does n't affect lifes , weddings and marriages of straight people and their marriage culture . 
  polish project of civil partnership that is now discussed in parliament just got castrated . 
  allowing homosexual couples to marry gives them certitude that they wo n't be discriminated in future . 
  also human rights are more important than `` cultural definitions '' . 
  no , just wanted to make myself clear . 
  the most obscene sight you 're see in polish equality parades are drag queens . 
  i understand that people can scoff at images of naked old men or dildoheads but this has nothing to with what 's happening in poland . 
  polish parades have almost no nudity at all . 
  nah , most people just do n't care , especially now . 
  i ca n't talk for sweden so i wo n't argue . 
  your flair made think you talked about poland .
