  poland which is 96 % polish and catholic is just an exception . 
  my experience is only anecdotal too , but know that all people i know think usa generally as safe as poland . 
   the labels do n't indicate a health difference . 
  i 'm not saying that mandatory labels are exclusively medical in nature . 
  so why gmo should n't be labeled ? 
   feel free to purchase food labeled gmo-free , just like people purchase kosher , halal , or organic . 
  `` gmo-free '' labels are n't argument to stop labeling gmo . 
  do n't play the race card . 
  poor / u/jesus _ stalin and / u/marclesan , they did fat outlines before and got no recognition . 
  what is true ? 
  big and diverse ` murica or yurop made of puny little homogenous countries ? 
   how is that cherry picking though ? 
  if you ignore the places when x is bad , there 's no x problem !, 
  no i blame guns for deaths . 
  we have criminals in poland too , but when they fight the result is few beaten up people , not tens or hundreds shot . 
  cherry picking is still cherry picking . 
  gun ownership has an effect on mass shootings which gun control laws are trying to prevent . 
   i think you misunderstand what i 'm trying to say . 
  there are vast areas in the united states that are perfectly safe in the case of poland , the whole country is such area . 
  --------------- i do n't think people unironically claim that people shoot everything everyday in us , most stories about lawless gunworld are jokes . 
  the second one * could * be translated as `` ram-borough of sandomierz '' but no idea about the first . 
   are you seriously trying to argue that animal cruelty is n't worth caring about ? 
  no , why are you claiming this ? 
  do n't put the words i did n't say in my mouth . 
  eggs from caged hens have the same properties as free-range . 
   organized movements in support of mandatory gmo labeling are funded by organic groups : vermont right to know gmos in usa , land of lobbies . 
  in europe it 's regular citizens , farmers , ecologist and et ceatera . 
  some people wanting to ban gmo is not the argument to deprive the whole population from information what they eat . 
  we do n't because there 's no `` gun shows '' where everybody can buy three guns in the price of one . 
   yes but now you 've created a criminal element who is receiving payment . 
  how ? 
  never forget that [ toddlers kill more people in us of a than terrorists ] ( http://www.snopes.com/toddlers-killed-americans-terrorists/ ), 
   if you do n't live in an area where any of those things are , it 's incredibly safe . 
  oh in that case everything is cool i guess , i mean , it 's not like there are people in such areas . 
  i can cherry pick statistics too . 
  i bet ostrzesz\u00f3w or baran\u00f3w sandomierski have murder rate even lower than idaho . 
  no burgerpatriot would buy un-american product . 
  great / r/shitamericanssay material , thanks . 
  people can shoot at paper and soda cans in poland too despite stricter gun laws than usa . 
  the thing is that these perverted patent laws are what we 're getting in ttip deal . 
  i 'm not against gmo * per se * , i know how much people got fed in africa thanks to it . 
  yes you can always buy guns in the black market . 
  however the price and therefore availability changes if guns are restricted . 
  just kill everyone , there 's no gun control if there 's no people to control it . 
  probably . 
  this still makes his statement false . 
  i know , but i do n't think usians know , they like to say `` europe is small homogenous countries , x solution would n't work in ** big and diverse america ** . '', 
  not prohibiting just making it optional but in practice this means there will be no gmo labels in order to maximise profit . 
  scary spooky labels scare of consummers so it 's better to deprive people of information what they eat . 
   easier to control a smaller country . 
  maybe throw `` homogenous '' there too . 
   screw the dead kids , i do n't want anyone touching my man-toy, 
  quick brows through deca 's account shows that they 're doing nothing but arguing for gmo . 
  even the most passionate people sometimes talk about other things than their main point of interest . 
  no , prove the difference that free range somehow affects people . 
  i 've already seen this wall of text you 've pasted . 
   my comparison was meant to illustrate that even if ideas are popular , they should n't necessarily be law . 
  today democracies are based on majority 's will regulated by human rights and often protection of minorities . 
  if people 's will is thrashed because of what corporations think it 's good then the democratic principle is broken for monetarian gain of lawmakers . 
  that 's not a claim , branch my family stores the seeds they harvest and use them for the next year . 
  i 've seen the grain storages , dunno what claim would you like to see , maybe google `` magazyn zbo\u017cowy '' ? 
   also , can you acknowledge that your issue is with ip law and not gmos ? 
  from the very beginning , and that 's why i 'm against bending eu regulations to perverted corpo-loving american ways that shart on regular people . 
  not if ttip is signed . 
  then you wo n't know if you bought gmo containing product or not . 
  if you do n't bend to megacorps you 're anti-science !, 
  for now . 
  and not in us, 
   farmers never have to `` give back seeds '' though , you just ca n't harvest them and plant them `` just '' ? 
  how can you even say such shit ? 
  `` oh you can use these seeds however you want , you just ca n't plant them or harvest them . '', 
  `` you can use this toothbrush however you want , just do n't brush teeth with it '' `` you can use this food however you want just do n't eat it . '', 
   again , all commercially grown plants are patented . 
  funny , polish farmers somehow can harvest and plant these `` patented '' seeds as much as they want . 
   you can find it , but it 's an embarrassingly small market share -- ostensibly banned , especially for small biotech firms . 
  so the companies making gmo products would be dominating the market if not those pesky labels costs ? 
  give me a rest . 
   there 's a rational argument for free-range , there is n't one for gmo . 
  prove it . 
   animal rights are of legitimate concern to many people . 
  gmo are legitimate concern to many people . 
   only 7 % of americans want ge labels i do n't give a shit about usa , half of their population thinks earth was made 7000 years ago . 
  there 's nothing `` mob-ruley '' about labels on food . 
  these proposed changes are trampling democratic principle that nations should decide for themselves and not to be subject of corporations ' whims . 
   i would n't want to live in a country where widespread bigotry leads to government-mandated bigotry , for example . 
  neither would i but labels are n't bigoted in any way . 
  companies and corporations are n't people , comparing some policies to racism or other kinds of real bigotry is laughable . 
  yeah , in africa . 
  europe does n't need gmo to not starve and i believe we 're talking about eu here . 
   i. . . did address your point , to my estimate . 
  no you did n't , i said `` farmers do n't give back seeds in poland '' and you said `` yes , they have to give them back , gmo or not '' . 
  you ingored what i said and repeated previous comment . 
   plants are very similar to songs and games under ip law and that 's why there 's opposition to gmo based on legal stance and not about gmo themselves . 
  plants are n't remotely comparable to songs but lobbyists made them such . 
   because labeling was so difficult to implement , they ostensibly banned gmo cultivars . 
  nonsense i regularly see polish and foreign european food that are labeled as gmo . 
   gmo is not an ingredient . 
  often gmo products are chemically indistinguishable from non-gmo . 
  food does n't change it 's chemical composition if it 's radioactive either . 
  that 's not an argument .
