   well considering ukraine is a warzone we 're not accepting refugees from donbass , they have another part of their country that is safe , part that is bigger than poland . 
  they 're simply economic migrants , nobody pretends otherwise , the only people rescued from war zone are/were poles living there . 
  --------------------- no muslim immigrants as far as i know . 
  i meant , there could be some tatar here and there , but it 's negligibly small amount . 
  although we had muslim immigration wave in 90 's from chechnya . 
  they ended up returning to russia after the situation calmed down or stayed up in some legal limbo in our refugee camps . 
   the top comment compares this to charlie hebdo ffs . 
  lol . 
  hebdo can be at least funny and use sarcasm . 
  these are just shockers with grace of a hammer , standard deal in polish opinion weeklies . 
  your response to the hungarian was manipulating not to my comments , but whatever , i think we can end this thread now . 
  there 's no mention of censorship in the article ( if i have n't missed anything ) and no pleas to censor wsieci 's cover . 
  so it 's pretty the same , but this time the outrage has reached reddit . 
   how many immigrants actually move to poland for work ? 
  about 30 thousands from ukraine . 
  i do n't know what 's better superkaczy\u0144ski or general kaczy\u0144ski . 
   i wonder , if this were catholic priests groping children in the magazine 's cover you mean like [ this ] ( http://images.nexto.pl/upload/wysiwyg/magazines/2013/axel_springer_polska/newsweek/public/newsweek-axel_springer_polska-20130225-cov.jpg ) or [ these ] ( http://static.wirtualnemedia.pl/media/images/newsweekokladka_kssowa2.jpg ) ? 
  there was an outrage but no legal consequences iirc . 
  hit that strawman harder . 
  because that 's pretty rich accusing `` leftists '' of manipulation while doing such shit like you did . 
   i already admitted he did n't say it , get over it . 
  so why did you imply that he did ? 
  that explains your stance but does n't answer my questions about you arguing with the strawman . 
   ok he did n't . 
  there , happy ? 
  so why did you imply he did ? 
   migrants are totally better than the native population and commit less crimes . 
  we should totally just replace european people with these better people . 
  why are you arguing theses that were never stated ? 
   i 'm not yes , you are . 
  i asked where / u/vernazza has said that sexuall assaults in cologne never happened . 
  you then proceeded with changing the topic . 
  why are you deflecting my question ? 
  let me repeat :   so the sexual assaults in cologne never happened ? 
   where did he say that ? 
   so the sexual assaults in cologne never happened ? 
  where did he say that ? 
  loose translation :  how to earn 500z\u0142 child benefit ? 
   islamic rape, 
  you 're ignorant if you think occupation of poland could be compared to france 's , hungary 's or slovakia 's . 
  only on polish lands there was capital punishment for helping the jews . 
   many people actively joined the nazis all over europe , including poland . 
  outright lie . 
  how could poles join nazis ? 
  we were considered untermensch for fuck 's sake , our purpose was to be slaves for german masterrace . 
  even if some wanted to join , they could n't . 
  germans accepted some tater mountaineers , cashubs and silesians because of their racist `` science '' but the rest of poles ? 
  because `` confronting '' does not equal to accepting any lies and calumnies like that poles killed more jew than they killed germans . 
  they announced the plans to make it law . 
  no voting or any parliamentary discussions about it yet . 
  maybe because poland was the occupied one ? 
  i understand his words perfectly . 
  genitive works in polish too . 
   the guy merely stated a certain village was accomplice to jewish massacre . 
  the image is about the thread , not gross ' words . 
  he used the words he wanted to . 
  hardly accidental . 
  that 's what goes around the world and he knows it . 
  are you blind ? 
  in this very thread i argue with a guy claiming that poles were co-belligerents in making shoah . 
  of course not and that 's why pogroms happened . 
  if you want to find some colaborateurs i suggest looking for them in france and hungary . 
  no one is denying this . 
  poles did n't colaborate in holocaust unless you 're counting prisoners in german deathcamps . 
   stop arguing as if he said that poles killed more jews than germans killed jews . 
  i 'm not . 
  the `` from probably to facts in two sentences '' part was about the thesis you quoted . 
  i just wanted to be sure . 
  it 's hard to talk about pogroms when one side vehemently denies any deviation from flawless victims narrative and the other makes us holocaust co-founders . 
  are you a troll ? 
  poles generally did n't care about jews , some helped them hide ( and good portion of them got killed for this ) , very small minority was involved in pogroms . 
  `` average eastern european '' cared about his own survival , not about helping his occupiers killing more people . 
  i 'm not saying poles did n't do pogroms . 
  from `` probably '' to `` facts '' in two sentences . 
  i 'm not right-wing and i do n't need to be to react to blameshifting for holocaust . 
  pogroms do not make `` average eastern europeans '' supporters of holocaust . 
  do you mean lviv ? 
   the average eastern european supported the holocaust successfully spreading shit like this is one of the reasons they want gross lose the order . 
  jan t. `` poles killed more jews than germans '' gross ? 
  good riddance . 
  nope , it 's still yurop . 
  poland is actually the first republic to be ruled neither by pm nor president but by one common [ member of parliament ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/jaros\u0142aw_kaczy\u0144ski ) . 
  that was one of few good things they 've done . 
  no , balls symbolise skin colour . 
  there are only 1,6,7,8 . 
  i 've never claimed otherwise . 
  you see , the norm is usually one-three memes per comic . 
  too much memes for me . 
  ok , you won argument . 
  you care about it too much . 
   rhodes is closer to asia than cyprus is . 
  turkey is in europe :p  the rule is simple there 's no such rule , but whatever . 
  the best thing out of this is i now know how to butthurt greeks even more . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's just hallucination from abundance of nourishment . 
  does n't matter . 
  cyprus is over 400 km more to the east . 
  that , looking on the map , cyprus looks like some horny donkey trying to penetrate lebanon . 
  or if we followed geographical natural boundaries for continents . 
  your reasoning could be applied to greenland , but everyone places it in north america .
