  there 's thread linking to better article about it elsewhere . 
  human rights are progressive madness ? 
   they behave like assholes , not only like people . 
  that does n't magically makes their behaviour inhuman . 
   if they do n't wan na fight for their homeland , they should just stay in those turkish camps and stop complaining . 
  why ? 
  it 's simple mas\u0142ow 's pyramide . 
  once they 're safe in turkey , they try to fulfil other needs . 
  so they go to europe . 
  of course that does n't mean we have to accept them . 
  or that we have to refuse them . 
  just stop being surprised when people behave like people . 
  you wanted to send them die in syria . 
  because they do n't want to waste their lives in turkish camps . 
   they value the life of their children and women as nothing proof ? 
  migrants and/or refugees usually leaves them in turkey or lebanon , and then count on family reunion programmes . 
   k , even if they are bombing them , it still does n't matter they shoud n't fight . 
  why should they die for a lost cause ? 
  you may value their lives as nothing , but why do you think they value them as low as you do ? 
   we , as the west , should say russia to stop bombing them ( if the fsa is not lieing ) , and that 's all . 
  that solves everything , of course . 
   the idea of forming in europe a professional army made of refugees is n't that bad either if they wanted to die , they would n't come to europe . 
   you said it 's a `` proxy war of the european and american powers '' . 
  because it 's what it is ** now ** . 
   by who ? 
  the russians ? 
  can you prove it ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-iduskcn0sk0qr20151026 or any non-rt source mentioning `` russia '' , `` bomb '' , `` syria '' and `` rebels '' . 
   by religion and culture . 
  this is bullshit . 
  you have utterly no idea what you 're talking about . 
   many people say that albania looks literally like someone cut a country from africa and pasted it to europe . 
  many people say this about \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
   nice thinking of european and american powers being guilty of every possible modern war . 
  i did n't say whose fault what is . 
  stop putting your words in my mouth . 
  nevertheless of who started all of this , they 'd still get senselessly bombed if they fought for their country . 
   how is albania , kosovo and bosnia european ? 
  is this trolling ? 
  how are they not european ? 
   i do n't . 
  i just think that stronger men should defend weaker women and children ( biogologically weaker ) . 
  except they wo n't defend them by staying in syria and dying for proxy war of european and american powers . 
   i do , but `` people living there '' have many diffrent opinions . 
  that still does n't excuse your terrible oversimplification of usa . 
  it does matter that european muslim culture exists as it proves your statement , about them being unmixable , wrong . 
  if you think of men as disposable meatshield , yes you 're sexist . 
  fsa it 's not only rebel faction . 
  it 's a shame that you 'll live without confronting you images of other countries with perspectives of people actually living there . 
   usa - country infected with political correctnes , full of black and lation gangs , ku klux klan being relevant still to this day . 
  there are a damn reasons why people support trump there . 
  ok , i know i have reputation of not liking usa but even i know that 's utter bullshit . 
   brazil has similiar situation , maybe a bit lighter , but this is not a country with a lot of white people . 
  you do n't know anything about brazil . 
   india is divided between muslim and hindu populations as well . 
  there was a damn reason why pakistan and bangladesh became independent . 
  i 'm talking about current hindu india which is one of the most diverse region in the world , considering ethnicities , cultures and various religious sects . 
   bosnia - a country burnt in civil war in 90s , which was based on serbians who did n't like to share countries with muslims . 
  the srpska 's seperatism is still relevent to this day . 
  i was talking about their cultures , not their situation that was caused by serbia . 
  kosovo is the example of albanian and serbian culture not mixing . 
  but surprise , surprise , european muslim culture exists  til that disliking the men runing away like a cowards for money , while they wives and children are dieing is `` idiotic '' , because i had n't experienced war . 
  no , thinking that men should go and die is idiotic not to mention sexist . 
   so they are all supporters of isis ? 
  hah , that 's enough to do n't let them in . 
  did you forget whom russia is bombing ? 
  hint : it 's not isis , no matter how they spin it in media . 
  ------------ honestly , i can not believe that someone induced in multinational forum full of people from other continents constantly showing their worldviews ( you know which forum ) , can be so ignorant of other countries . 
  the things you wrote about new world are ridiculous . 
   being multicultural = being not united . 
  canada , usa , australia , india , brazil prove you wrong . 
   european culture is not able to mix with muslim culture , and vice versa . 
  bosnia , albania , malta , kosovo prove you wrong . 
   also the syrian men should stay in their country and fight instead of running like a cowards for money . 
  this is straight up idiotic , especially from someone who hadn ; t experienced war . 
  not to mention , that if they wanted to stay and fight , they 'd get bombed by european countries . 
   do you really believe that our services would seperate syrians from the africans ? 
  yes , their dialects of arabic differ greatly , and few question about syrian geography easily sort them . 
  and all refugees sent to poland were checked beforehead . 
   i 'm more open minded than you with your identity seeking self identification . 
  it 's not about me . 
   interfering with a child 's natural development is pedophilia . 
   pedophilia ( countable and uncountable , plural pedophilias ) , noun  sexual attraction to children by adults . 
  [ quotations \u25bc ]  sexual activity between adults and children . 
  [ quotations \u25bc ] you 're wrong . 
   deciding to be gay oh , wait , you 're a troll . 
  good bait , i fell for it . 
   you 're the troll right !, 
  not everyone with other opinion than yours is a troll , get over yourself . 
   there is no gay , there is just people . 
  there are gay people . 
   do what you want , just do n't mess with children . 
  being gay does n't mess with the children . 
  pretending that sexualities other than heterosexuality do n't exist is messing with gay children . 
   you 're a pervert if you do . 
  you have n't watched the spot . 
   being homogenous is better than being multicultural . 
  why ? 
   that is one of some points which makes poland better than the west . 
  why ?
