  holly shit . 
  as much as i like bvb bayern just showed them their place in germany, 
  unless guardiola requested him i really ca n't see any reason why would bayern want to change something that 's clearly working so well for them . 
  there 's simply no place in bayern for another striker , no matter how good he is . 
  but then again , he sold etoo so who knows . 
  he played ? 
  lewy sure is n't best striker yet , but its amazing how fast he 's improving . 
  last season your list would be 3-4 times bigger . 
   striker like lewandowski , who scores all goals , may hurt us , like the dependcy from gomez last season . 
  its not the case with lewy . 
  i watched few last bvb matches to see how he really performs and i was surprised how few chances he usually gets in matches . 
  last bundesliga match he had 3 shooting chances : first shot was little off , second one should be penalty on lewy ( but ref made a mistake and called offside instead ) and third one he scored a goal . 
  sometimes reus has much more shoots then lewy . 
  they do n't look for him at all cost , many times he makes a run to attract defenders attention and leave more space to reus and gotze . 
  or even switch places with one of them and stay in second line . 
  he 's completely different type of striker then gomez , he contribute almost all attacks and not just sit and wait for good pass . 
  that makes his twelve consecutive goal record even more impressive . 
  anyway for him best thing might be to stay in bvb another season . 
  there 's not many top clubs that could use him and ones that are linked with him ( bayern and mu ) already have more attackers that they need . 
  real madrid strikers are really under performing but real usually goes for bigger names . 
  imo falcao will join them . 
  barcelona could use striker too but with signing lewy we would have to change tactics and thats why i do n't see it . 
  chelsea is only other team i can think of but that would be step back . 
  we play like its 0:0, 
  honestly as european i just ca n't get my head around idea of prisons owned by private corporations . 
  how is this even legal ? 
  when i first heard about it i was sure its just a joke, 
  yeah . 
  3rd world countries like israel , japan , poland , portugal , south korea and many more . 
  i would gladly got rid of 2 from pedro , sanchez and villa . 
  also i 'm very skeptical about neymar transfer , but that might be because i still remember gaspard era and his transfers from south america . 
   dortmund might lose on about 20 millions in short term but they will have 1 year to scout for a good replacement ( their scouts are great but they are n't miracle workers that can just find some underrated future star within 2 months ) . 
  lewandowski said publicly that he want to leave at least half year ago.most likely even more time since he announced it to borussia board . 
  that should be more then enough time to find replacement . 
  anyway i do n't think he will stay . 
  we 've seen this kind of sagas every transfer window . 
  they were really cheap when in came to offer lewandowski new contract ( last summer they offered him 3 millions euro after amazing season . 
  not to mention that reus who just joined the team got 4.5 ... ) and now they will give up on 25 + millions ? 
  right ... 
  great driving by kubica , he won 14 out of 16 stages in wrc2 . 
  on ss3 he had [ little accident ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=nlhvd3j6xoo ) and in ss7 he stuck behind driver in front and [ could n't go faster because of dirt ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dbhtpsjvkk&amp;feature=player_embedded ), 
   top level f1 driver should be able to give it a good go in a rally car . 
  we 've seen it before . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  kubica is third f1 driver in history that got points in wrc drivers championship . 
  before him only carlos reutemann and kimi raikkonen managed to do it . 
  and kubica is only one who got points in lower tier car . 
  kubica explained it well during post-race conference :, 
  `` to be a rally driver you need different characteristics than circuit drivers and you can not become a circuit driver in one day , and you can not become a rally driver in one day , so it \u00b4 s a long and complex procedure and to be honest my approach was just to learn and it will always be like that this year . 
  whatever the result would be , how much i have learned , how much i improve my ability of driving and the ability of my arms behind the wheel , it is the most important for me . '', 
  he said some interesting things during this conference , he explained why he picked rally over dtm :, 
  `` if i would like to have some salary , i would have stayed in circuit racing as i am still quite a good name and i have a lot of experience and i think it will not be difficult for me to get well paid in circuit . 
  but my situation is a bit more difficult and a bit more complex than it looks and i felt i needed a new challenge , because i was racing in the highest motorsport category in the world which is f1 , which is not by a small margin , but f1 is well above all motorsport in the world by far away , so i needed to change something in order to have the same kind of challenge and this is why i chose rally . '', 
  [ here 's rest of conference if anyone is interested ] ( http://www.rallyitaliasardegna.com/ing/notizia/2139/post-event-press-conference ), 
   you missed leo kinnunen too . 
  my mistake , i meant drivers who got points in both competitions . 
  kinnunen never scored in f1 . 
  anyone can buy a seat or just be in a right time in right place . 
  but to get points is different story . 
  great example from sardinia where kubica driving wrc2 in most stages was faster then al qassimi in wrc car . 
   so you agree , drivers have done it in the past ... meaning i 'm not mistaken , 
  well you made it sound like its an easy thing to do which just is n't true . 
  otherwise we would see much more transfers . 
  kimi was racing for 3 full seasons , he had wrc car and his results were decent at best . 
  and no one can argue that he 's one of the most talented drivers in f1 atm . 
  kubica really deserve some credit here, 
   i am suggesting he is probably capable of driving in wrc in his current condition, 
  i agree that he 's capable but since he had almost no experience no one offered him seat in wrc car . 
  its pretty much the same thing with f1 , if you 're not swimming in money you have to prove yourself first in lower tier . 
  and he did n't had enough sponsors to buy seat . 
  he 's putting his own money to race even in wrc2 . 
  next season it will be different story since he 's showing great skill ( ofc if he will decide to stay in wrc ) . 
  i woud n't call it safe bet , he simply had no other options when it comes to rally . 
  and i quoted him before where he explained why he did n't wanted to race in dtm . 
  he did n't cut him off , its racing line in this turn . 
  50 girlfriends would be impressive , but 50 wives ? 
  i feel sorry for the guy, 
  right ... greetings from poland . 
  i 'm 29 yo and never even heard gun shot . 
  i 've rather be `` sheltered '' then not being able to even have a big mac without looking over my shoulder, 
  the trophies are coming, 
  i think i would look for second opinion before starting this treatment, 
  i 've seen this article ( and many others ) but it does n't explain when they get released . 
  anyway with number crankysysadmin provided i was able to find confirmation to what he said . 
  link to article below, 
  [ user cals are valid for 60 days before renewal ] ( http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/21180.rd-licensing-demystified-how-it-works.aspx ), 
   i do n't see what in that article besides some comments even says anything about 60 days . 
  yep , does n't change anything in my case . 
  i will still need to buy 50 , or maybe even few more to be safe . 
  i know it but its not gon na work in my environment . 
  with device cals we would need much more then 50 . 
  real men never test . 
  just assume it will work , go home and turn your phone off . 
  i 'm polish and i just want to congratulate all the putinbots doing such a great work on main polish sites ... , honestly like 90 % of post are pro russian there , even tho its almost impossible to find anyone who support russian actions when speaking face to face , 
   click it again , this will undo the previous action . 
  if that does n't help try triple clicking it, 
  its even funnier considering that russians are the only one ( oh and this one guy no one heard about 5 minutes ago ) who talks about kicking turkey out . 
  is n't that what mexicans were doing for decades in us ? 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  makes no sense to do it as european who goes to us ( or another way around ) since our standards of living are quite similar but for some turk living in rural area ?
