great deal , specially if you 're from europe . 
  steam version costs 40 $ , so even with 75 % off it will be 10 $ vs 7.5 $, 
  skyrim distributor forced this , you ca n't buy it even on steam . 
  kinda silly since game is steamworks . 
  not trying to scare anyone but using your cc info via open proxy/vpn is n't smartest idea, 
  two options :, 
  they ca n't sell game where you live or you already bought copy from them earlier . 
  for some reason gmg only allows to buy one copy per account, 
  aaaaaand its gone . 
  sad that not a single person here actually thanked for free game, 
  does not compute !, 
  just curios , where did you get that majority people did n't enjoy the game ? 
  looking at metacritic user reviews :, 
  positive : 184, 
  negative : 68, 
  ca n't speak about it myself , since i just bought it . 
  meh , after diablo3 and cataclysm fiasco blizzard is dead to me, 
  which dlc 's are worth buying ? 
  i finished trilogy recently and loved every second of it . 
  actually im already thinking of replaying it , 
  dead island is region locked , does n't work in europe, 
  thats the reason why i 'm not buying this . 
  i actually checked all my accounts today . 
  between steam , uplay and origin i have over 40 aaa games in my collection that i really want to play . 
  not to mention around 100 games from some bundles that i never touched . 
  and i moved to pc gaming less then a year ago ... 
  i guess its time to join support group , 
  the difference is that shoes price stays the same . 
  this is more like buying brand new bmw , then keeping it in garage for few years without even starting an engine once . 
  if you 're collector , then sure go for it . 
  personally i decided its time to stop hoarding games , and play first those i already paid for . 
  does n't work for me , i added game to my basket but when i click checkout nothing happens, 
  does n't work even when i try without coupon, 
  ok , worked for me after i opened it with firefox . 
  opera and ie for some reason doesnt work . 
  but that site is full of errors . 
  i cant even access my games now , getting error when i try . 
  at least they send cd key in email too, 
  they send keys in email too . 
  i got mine there . 
  i also got this error while accessing my games , its pretty frustrating, 
  its like 6 months old account and i 've bought few games from them before . 
  what helped me is switching browser to firefox ... opera and ie could n't handle checkout with this game ( whats weird is that i added different game to basket ( on opera ) just for test and it worked like a charm ), 
  $ 10.50 with 30 % voucher, 
  what you quoted is for different promotion . 
  they will most likely send coupons in mail , just wait and see . 
  its start on 25 anyway, 
  great price for amazing game, 
  if you call football a soccer then you can safely skip it, 
  next community vote : dota2 , metro2033 or tf2 . 
  finally got it . 
  thanks for heads up . 
  it was 18 euro for me , but still great price for 4 pack, 
  now they will take the money and runnnnnnnnnnn :d, 
  this is second time they done it in a week . 
  with like 50 aaa games in my backlog i know what you mean ... still its hard to pass deals like this or borderlands 2 ( even tho it was 18 euro where i live ), 
  well there 's quite a difference between codes that fell of the truck and those you paid for, 
  did n't got any refund so far , also 4 pack borderlands 2 is still in my account . 
  then again i paid 18 euro for this pack and already claimed 3 cd keys , so they might just let me go, 
  im getting tired of this . 
  i wanted to buy grid , dirt 2 and blur . 
  since at least half of year none of them went on sale once , but sr3 or portal games are on sale every single month, 
  i agree , so far nothing interesting . 
  almost every single game could have been bought before for at least 5 $ less then amazon price . 
  so much for free 5 $ coupons, 
  actually xcom was 17.5 just few days ago at gmg . 
  only really great deal so far is hotline miami , that game never been cheaper elsewhere . 
  those could buy it at gamefly  . 
  also cheaper then amazon after coupon, 
  whats so special about those games ? 
  only one i 've ever heard before is mark of the ninja, 
  would love to see borderlands 2 season pass on sale too, 
  paying for cheats ? 
  well played ea . 
  south park motto comes to mind '' we no longer f. . the players , we dp them '', 
  unless your pc stuck in 90 's it has to be a joke . 
  i actually just finished playing dirt 2 , never had any problems with ramp in la. . . go straight , maybe slow down a bit and you will be fine . 
  problem i have with this game is that it feels lazy , there 's just not enough tracks . 
  i loved rally events but in same time i hated tracks like london or la. 
  in those places you have events with 3 races , each on same track with minor changes ( sometimes just few corners , day/night or mirror of same track ) considering that in london you have like 15 events total it really gets boring . 
  still for 6 $ its totally worth it , dunno why its so down voted, 
  i agree , this game is terrible . 
  if you really want it its easy to get for 5 $ in places like steamtrades or sth . 
  its been in many graphic card promotions, 
  glad i didnt preorder it . 
  from graphic and reviews so far its worth maybe 5 $, 
  for some reason gmg only allows to buy one copy per account . 
  only way to buy second copy is to create another account on gmg , but you will have to use different payment method ( i mean you ca n't use same credit card / paypal on both accounts ), 
  i have both and my vote goes to borderlands 2 . 
  with bl2 i got completely sucked in . 
  i played over 50 hours in a week till i finished it . 
  far cry 3 is solid but for some reason i played maybe 3 hours , and since then did n't touched it . 
  right ... what graphic card does your laptop have ? 
  no idea what abaf is but i played this game on 2 different laptops ( i3/gt 540m and i7/gtx 660m ) never had any problems, 
  20 more hours, 
  it 's simple economics , i do n't understand it at all , but ... god i love it, 
  you 're not the only one . 
  looks like another douche bag looking for attention, 
  i 'm not impressed till he does [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9nbjnepg0w ), 
  infidel talking about allah ?
