  you 're just asking for it . 
  yes , he did . 
  wenger picked right man for arsenal captain, 
  i would love to borrow this guy time machine, 
  come on already . 
  racing in rain is twice as fun to watch, 
   rapes go unreported far more often is all, 
  unfortunately its true in this part of world . 
  i remember reading about some pakistani woman who got rape . 
  she went to police station to report it , only to get gang raped by police officers . 
  works for me, 
  i would n't come close to that thing without a shotgun, 
  gtfo with your [ trolling ] ( http://www.avert.org/hiv-aids-europe.htm ) from this fantastic subreddit, 
  gmg20-fdscl-aqqxd , which makes it 20 $ . 
  this is uplay not steam , but even if you get it on steam you will have to use uplay to run it . 
  its just one drm less without steam . 
  what exactly poland got as reparations ? 
  you 're kidding me , right ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.halgal.com/pur_home.html ), 
   as world war ii was coming to a close , the leaders of the allied powers met to discuss redrawing the map of europe . 
   it was decided that poland 's borders would move approximately 200 kilometers to the west . 
  poland would lose about 178,000 sq. 
  to the ussr in the east ... and acquire about 101,000 sq. 
  from germany in the west . 
  we lost almost twice as much land on east , as we got in west . 
  and we had absolutely no say about it . 
  you would call that reparations ? 
  let me put this into example for you : i will come to your house , kill everyone in your family thats educated . 
  i have plans for you to work as a slave for me from now on , and as a peasant you do n't need to know anything more then counting to ten and maybe recognize letters . 
  i will steal every piece of art thats in your house . 
  i will take apart factory you use to work in , put it on the train and take it back to my house . 
  maybe i will even rape your sister to pass the time . 
  then police come and send me back to my house . 
  as i leave i will destroy your house and leave it [ like this ] ( http://o.aolcdn.com/photo-hub/news_gallery/6/7/678039/1280345181454.jpeg ) . 
  then without you having anything to say about it policeman decide to take 10 euro from your wallet , and in return i have to give you 5 $ back . 
  justice is served , no hard feelings , right ? 
  saying all that i do n't think poland should ask for any kind of reparations now , 70 years after war . 
  if we ( europeans ) will go this road then considering our history it will never end . 
  well it is n't pricing error . 
  there 's still over 18 hours of this deal so if you ca n't buy it now i would simply try later . 
  spamming f5 over and over is basically ddosing this site . 
  uplay sure has its flaws . 
  for once you activating a game is a hassle . 
  all patching should be done in background , not when you start your downloaded game ( i leave client running when im afk to download game . 
  when i come back i expect to play it , but with uplay i get hit with gb of patches to download ) . 
  also its hard to figure out game list on uplay when those activated through steam are hidden from client list . 
  still its good to support alternative clients , steam really could use some competition . 
  we 've all seen what monopoly on market did to steam during winter sale . 
  crappy prices ( almost every single game could be bought cheaper on gmg , amazon etc. 
  ) , repeating same deals over and over ... 
   you know what 's surprisingly good ? 
  origin . 
  origin is my favorite client ( i 'm glad this deal is expired , otherwise i would get down voted to oblivion for saying this :  ) . 
  its simple but in same time it has everything that game client should have . 
  also it is n't filled with all that facebook crap like steam . 
  it really gets ridiculous ( like games someone else bough , or his game review ? 
  wtf ... ) , i know its optional but for me its just taking space and resources . 
  only time origin irritated me was when i was playing mass effect trilogy . 
  they really messed up with language versions ( i 'm polish ) . 
  first one was in english . 
  i got use to all the character voices , then i started second one to find out it was fully localized with polish voices . 
  but i loved the game so few hours and it stopped bugging me . 
  with me 3 they changed it again , this time they went back to english voices with polish subtitles ... and there 's no easy way to change language in origin so you have no other option then to live with it . 
   and the user end agreement was n't as bad as everyone thought, 
  do n't tell me that you actually read those ? 
   i just assume that if they would put something really outraging in it ( like [ this ] ( http://s3.sidereel.com/episodes/1223157/featured/screen_shot_2011-04-25_at_12.04.12_pm.png ) ) then i would hear about it on reddit/other sites . 
  one of the best goals i 've seen this season . 
  great assist from reus, 
  i 'm glad there 's no club powered by arab money in semi finals . 
  will you count clubs that take money for playing friendly matches in uae too ? 
  barcelona could get similar money from any other company , while psg would still struggle to get out of group stage without hundreds of millions from their sugar daddy, 
  romania and bulgaria are in eu since 2007 . 
  to answer op question its romania . 
  greece is well developed when you look at infrastructure , but their economy its really bad shape atm with ~ 30 % unemployed and biggest debt in eu . 
  still even now with 5 years in a row in recession greece gdp per capita is almost twice as big as romanian ( $ 25,100 to $ 12,800 ), 
  there 's no country named moravia . 
  moravia is region in [ czech republic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moravia ) , not even close to being worst one in any way . 
  as long as you do n't play against barca , then its diving, 
  well now you will want to get me 1 and 3 on origin , thats how they get you ;p, 
  for this price its a steal . 
  me trilogy is one of my favorite games . 
  but i would strongly recommend starting from mass effect 1 . 
  you can import saves and choices from first one actually matter, 
  you will be able to add it to your steam library and run it from there . 
  source : i bought walking dead on origin few months ago . 
  to answer your questions, 
   i 'm used to steam . 
  is origin pretty much the same thing ? 
  is there anything i should be looking out for ? 
  yes , its same thing as steam . 
  just without all that facebook crap . 
   do i have to be online to play my games ( like the walking dead ) ? 
  origin has offline mode , same as steam . 
   do i have to sync my saves ? 
  are there any problems with this in origin ? 
  also works pretty much same way as steam . 
  if game uses online saves , it sync it automatically . 
   ea , on the other hand , pulled games from steam in order to be able to slap an `` origin only '' label on them , after having them for sale for quite some time . 
  omg big company does n't want to give a cut to competitor for doing something they are more then happy to do themselves ? 
  call the cops !,
