a leftist populist pro-russian party odd that these pro russian parties in europe can be found on the right and left . 
  no english ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  could you source this , this is too unbelievable to take on its face . 
  well . . 
  i like the british . 
  not really relevant as to diplomacy , and as other posters have pointed out this is probably puffery . 
  still , i 've seen others completely disregard the special relationship as meaningless or non-existent but i ca n't adhere to that . 
  maybe it 's irrational , i dunno . 
  of course , i 'm only speaking for myself . 
  i do n't think of the uk as just any other country , though . 
  disappointing , but not surprising , to see greeks dislike us that much . 
  i 'm pretty sure a country * can * declare bankruptcy , no ? 
  i still do n't quite understand how the greeks held a referendum rejecting a better deal , and then their government accepted a deal that was worse . 
  does n't seem very democratic to me . 
  then again , i feel a bit out of my depth on this whole thing , that 's why i 'm asking . 
  so what did the referendum end up accomplishing, 
  very good news to hear . 
  what 's that part of greece that speaks albanian ? 
  edit : n/m should 've read the thread first, 
  oh come * on * . 
  the alabama government is pretty bad , but i 'm pretty sure inaction is n't the equivalent of taking an ideological stance here . 
  what benefit would alabama get in denying the armenian genocide ? 
  the federal government does it , i assume , to placate a member of nato . 
  alabama does n't have that incentive . 
  when / r/worldnews reported this story , the tagline referred to the attackers as `` ultra-nationalists '' which i found a bit strange . 
  what 's the difference between a nationalist and an `` ultra-nationalist ? '', 
  what about black or asian torsos , legs , or arms ? 
  kinda strange that king john is pretty much synonymous with `` the bad king '' when he 's the one who signed the magna carta , no ? 
  i 've never read enough about him , though . 
  if the question is `` would you be willing to fight for your country '' my answer can only be `` that depends . '', 
  if america was invaded , sure . 
  for lebensraum in hypothetical nazi america , nope . 
  just a poorly-worded question . 
  name it midgar and start building the reactors, 
  what happens to the world cup if fifa ends ? 
  obviously a game is n't worth the thousands of slaves and human rights abuses in qatar but ... well , i 'd be interested in seeing what happens . 
   i will avoid sharing my opinion but instead the consensus of most americans i 've met hrm . 
  i do n't know if i like that you 're speaking on behalf of americans . 
  people everywhere have different opinions , it 'd be misleading to act like we all have the same thoughts about europe . 
   i did n't make it a debate about ethics , i just asked in my original comment that why should hitler and stalin did it elsehow ? 
  i still do n't understand what you mean . 
   because i live 75 years later . 
  from their pov at that time it was a good pact . 
  but they did not know the future . 
  i do n't think , that hitler knew that in 22 months he will conquer half of europe . 
  so we ca n't criticize anybody for their decisions in the past ? 
  you could extend that to saying you could n't judge hitler for the holocaust because at the time cleansing the aryan bloodline seemed like a great idea to him . 
   he did not trust in the uk and france and based on the precedents he saw the pact with the nazi germany a viable solution . 
  then he was wrong to do so . 
  it 's clear in hindsight , but you do n't really even need hindsight to see that . 
  splitting up poland puts nazi germany on the border . 
  the western powers were n't `` trying to force a war between ussr and germany '' ( though i doubt they 'd have been loathe to see it happen ) because germany was going to force a war between the ussr and germany . 
  all of the tenants of nazis : anti-semitism , anti-communism , expansionism , social darwinism , a hierarchy or races with aryans at the top and slavs as sub-humans ... all of that clearly pointed to a confrontation with germany . 
   you , on the other hand want to prove me that diplomacy of the time was about ethics with the notable exception of these two powers . 
  `` diplomacy was about ethics . '', 
  i do n't really think that 's my argument . 
  if anything , i think you give them too much credit in characterizing this as a debate about ethics . 
  i expect ethics out of everybody , including diplomats . 
  i do n't really see your point on this one . 
  hitler and stalin were unethical and bad leaders in ways that had nothing to do with ethics . 
  they were bad even in comparison to their contemporaries . 
  if you agree with that , and i assume you do , i do n't really see what your point is . 
   what is even worse you want to prove me , that hitler and stalin should have known what you know some 76 years later . 
  i was saying it was a bit strange for kissinger to defend the molotov-ribbentrop pact from stalin 's perspective considering it blew up in his face . 
  kissinger has the benefit of hindsight . 
  but as soon as hitler took office , nazi germany was the ussr 's biggest nemesis , and stalin bundered in trusting them and allowing them to get as powerful as they ever really could be . 
   i do n't know that and i am not able to judge that . 
  but i am convinced that he considered that a good idea based on the precedents he knew . 
  why ca n't you judge that ? 
  just because he had a reason for it does n't per se make it a good idea . 
  everyone has a reason for doing something . 
   a cold war between the ussr and nazi germany would have been also possible based on the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  a cold war never would 've been possible between nazi germany and the ussr . 
  hitler wanted the showdown in the east to happen in his lifetime . 
  the cold war is also unique because of nukes and mutually assured destruction . 
  i can see stalin believing that hitler would n't invade , but that is a bad mistake on his part . 
  not crafty diplomacy . 
   stalin , the politburo and the bolsheviks saw their system 's main enemy in the imperialists . 
  and they considered . 
  germany imperialist countries well then , he did a pretty poor job in protecting himself from them . 
  i honestly do n't know if he actually ( foolishly ) considered them `` basically the same '' , but i suppose his actions would imply that . 
   rourke will now play the character * mick `` the blade '' collins * in the production , due to be called * irish thunder * , the sun reported over the weekend . 
  lol that 's so hollywood . 
  the article also implies that they might be switching the sport from rugby , but it does n't mention what sport it 'd be switching to . 
   do you think people are some kind of computers , with some ideas and facts as inputs and good , ethical decisions as outputs ? 
  they are not . 
  you insult the rest of humanity in implying that we necessarily must act like hitler , stalin , or kissinger to achieve our political goals . 
   that pact was made by hitler and stalin and yes , they thought that it is fine enough to live with it . 
  and i 'm saying that this was a horrible idea on stalin 's part . 
  it was a diplomatic coup for hitler , obviously . 
   there was a cold war between 1947 and 1990 , where both sides knew that the final battle is inevitable , they just wanted to postpone it on the grounds of their agreements in yalta and potsdam . 
  i 'm confused by what you mean here . 
  at first i thought you meant a potential `` cold war '' between a nazi germany that did n't invade the ussr and the ussr , but you mention yalta and potsdam . 
  if it 's the regular cold war , it 's a completely different political situation entirely . 
  it 's also misleading to transition from the `` conflict '' on the eastern front and any `` conflict '' between the ussr and the usa . 
  in comparison , one could argue conflict was quite evitable . 
   i wrote that to show the absurdity of the idea of friendship in the case of these two . 
  and i used friendship as a transition to show that , in comparison to poland not being russia 's friend , germany was the greatest existential threat to the ussr in the world . 
   why should hitler or stalin came up with a great plan like what you mentioned instead of just grab what they could and got away with it ?
