  i would think the answer would be obvious , at least in hitler 's case . 
  grabbing it and holding onto it are completely separate matters . 
   the great powers of europe partitioned poland three times before that in a similar manner and lived in peace for decades after those partitions . 
  not sure what the point is here . 
  are you implying that it was rational for stalin to trust that hitler would not act against him ? 
  i 'd think not . 
  further , that time period holds both the napoleonic wars and the first world war . 
  `` peace for decades '' is misleading . 
   hitler and stalin were not ethical guys and they were really in the realpolitik business like kissinger . 
  you only consider kissinger a war criminal because you are an american and it is not an american thing to admit that your diplomacy is about facts and not about ideas . 
  i consider hitler , stalin , and kissinger war criminals because they 're war criminals . 
  to consider them otherwise is to justify their crimes . 
  further , i 'm unconvinced that ( in kissinger 's case ) that he was even a particularly good diplomat . 
   stalin made an alliance with that churchill in 1941 , who not only talked against the soviets , but fought against them in 1919 . in contrast to germany , who fought against russia in 1914 , chopped off a large portion of their land , and was led by a leader who openly called for the colonization of russia . 
   just for the friendship , hitler personally arrested his best friend and executed his brother-in-law . 
  i 've read two hitler biographies and i do n't know who you mean by best friend . 
  i 'd say his best friend was probably august kubizek , but even then it might be stretching it ( hitler rarely spoke to kubizek in his later life ) . 
  perhaps goebbels . 
  it 'd be closer to say that hitler really had no `` best friend . '', 
  it certainly was n't rohm , if that 's what you 're implying . 
   stalin send kalinin 's and molotov 's wife to gulag and let his son to rotten in a pow camp . 
  i 'm not really seeing the point to this . 
  i understand stalin is brutal . 
  brutality is n't a virtue and is n't inherently necessary . 
  his purges would haunt him in the beginning stages of the eastern front . 
  stalin was a paranoid sociopath and yet he allowed germany to grow in power . 
   henry kissinger already proved in his book about the history of diplomacy , that that pact was a fully understandable cold hearted decision in the tradition of the european diplomacy on both sides . 
  yeah but that 's henry kissinger , well known probable war criminal . 
  plus , is n't he prima facie incorrect here when you factor in he has the benefit of hindsight ? 
  by signing a non-aggression pact with hitler , the ussr would have to suffer through operation barbarossa and millions of soviet citizens would lose their lives . 
  even if you buy into the `` cold calculating realpolitik '' stuff kissinger cloaks himself in , i 'd think the correct move would be to have hitler go against poland alone . 
  poland would put up a harder fight , norway would still be tough on the nazis , and who knows what happens in france after that ? 
  plus , you talk about friendliness . 
  hitler literally wrote a best selling book wherein he argued that germany should steal russian land for more lebensraum . 
  he equated communists to jews . 
  he thought russians were subhumans . 
  sad day when iran starts to compare favorably to turkey . 
  i 'm interested in how czech members of / r/europe view this and the moscow parade affair in general . 
  scary attitude . 
  one would think a unification between kosovo and albania would be a bright line ban for eu membership , though . 
  what do germans of / r/europe think of bismarck ? 
  i ca n't read finnish . 
  can somebody give a tl ; dr ? 
  remember the time kim jong un went missing for an entire month ? 
  and it turned out it was because he got sick because he was too fat ? 
  wait until we see some conclusive evidence, 
  i ca n't speak for `` the usa '' , i can only speak for myself . 
  i feel like it 's not really our call . 
  i want whatever europeans want . 
  edit :  that 's what all the us posters here want , right ? 
  save money and let europe deal with their own problems , right ? 
  woah woah woah . 
  not all us posters here . 
  i want our troops in europe so long as y' all want them . 
  if anything the soldiers in europe could do for a better pr campaign here in the states . 
  a lot of people here just assume all overseas military bases are expensive , unnecessary , imperialistic , and ruinous to america 's standing in the eyes of the world . 
  well , what steps could we make to make it less imperialist ? 
  out of curiosity , what if it were a contingent of eu troops rather than american troops ? 
  or an amalgamation of nato forces ? 
  agreed and upvoted . 
  `` i do n't want american soldiers in my country '' is not a ridiculous opinion to have . 
  i was only speaking on behalf of myself ; i do n't know how the us as a whole would react . 
  i 'd hope that we would n't . 
  if canada started letting in russian bases , i 'd stop to examine why relations have deteriorated so bad where canada is afraid of us . 
  i would n't support invading canada because they 're in our sphere of influence . 
  there is no conclusive evidence that the west agreed nato would n't expand eastward after the reunification of germany . 
  think about the eastern european countries that met all the qualifications for nato . 
  what 's the reason if you reject them ? 
  `` sorry , but it 'll provoke the russians '' ? 
  you 'd be implicitly recognizing them as within russia 's sphere of influence . 
  that would be a huge betrayal on the part of the west after the cold war . 
  also , of course kissinger said that . 
  kissinger 's the closest thing america has to a putin . 
  at least putin 's bullshit is n't handwaived away as `` realpolitik . '', 
  fair enough . 
  i have nothing more to add that i have n't already said . 
  it 's hard for me to put myself into the shoes of somebody who would oppose german reunification because reunification was so obviously the only morally correct choice , but that does n't mean it was * inevitable * . 
  all i 'm saying is that if you subscribe to the belief that the u.s. wants to keep the e.u. 
  small and segmented , why would it be one of the leading supporters of reunification when it could 've opposed it * and * had britain and france in its corner in doing so ? 
   any examples other than catherine the great ? 
  [ the miracle of the house of brandenburg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miracle_of_the_house_of_brandenburg ) is the most obvious example that pops to mind . 
  unfortunately i might be showing my weakness in russian history , but i believe peter the great was a germanophile . 
  i believe that 's why it 's called st. peters * burg * . 
  i do n't agree that a united germany was inevitable . 
  for most of history , `` germany '' has n't been united . 
  germans are n't even united now into one nation-state because austria is independent . 
  margaret thatcher famously opposed german reunification . 
  we were not allies with , or had a substantial amount of interests overlap with , the soviet union or yugoslavia . 
  i also disagree in your implication that but-for united states involvement they would be functional states today . 
  as for putin 's comment , i simply do n't believe him . 
  by `` fighting american influence '' he is working against a united eu . 
  indeed , in some ways i ca n't really blame him . 
  russia would have three major obstacles to an eu bid ( or `` close association '' or whatever ) that i can think of off the top of my head . 
  first , the current state of the russian government . 
  second , former soviet countries seem to be very anti-russian and i 'm skeptical that they 'd welcome russia with open arms . 
  third , russia 's population would give them a significant voice that others may fear would overshadow the other countries . 
  one would think that if that were universally true , the u.s. would not have supported the reunification of germany . 
  the u.s. is allied with most of the e.u. 
  and a lot of our interests overlap , so i do n't think it 's a foregone conclusion that the u.s. is working against a strong e.u. 
  further , your logic could also be applied to russia .
