  new zealand , australia , us , canada , south africa ... 
  even ireland would make it to the list :p, 
  can someone translate ? 
  it 'd have to be not racist and speak english . 
  i 'll live in that country . 
  i 'm too old to learn another language ( that 's my go-to excuse anyway ), 
  logic would also dictate teaching sex education better and to a younger age group . 
  my school was abysmal at it . 
  how different was those actions from the period of time it occurred ? 
  ignoring uk 's role in abolishing slavery i mean . 
  looks like him , thanks !, 
  i do n't know who is speaking now but i agree with him . 
  the asian guy ( would n't kill to get subtitles of names ), 
  i really would love to know how 2nd generation immigrants across europe feel about this crisis . 
  i just turned it on and did i just see someone with a merkel mask on ? 
  edit : nevermind , i 'm not going crazy . 
  what a cute kid ... shame about the backpack . 
  at the moment ? 
  i have no clue which way i 'll be voting . 
  i 'll make a decision over the next 2 years . 
  wrong in which way ? 
  erm ca n't think of anything in particular ... we skip alot of our history during school as the curriculum ca n't fit it all . 
  i know , i hope i am alive for the release of her journals . 
  just imagine her thoughts on all those british pm 's , head of states , presidents . 
  you mean a caliphate ? 
  who would have guessed such a thing occurring ? 
  is 365 days really the norm for bans ? 
  is n't that a little heavy-handed ? 
  i hope so , probably the only one he 'll achieve in his lifetime . 
  then there is nothing to worry about . 
  uk will most certainly maintain trading with rest of eu like we do most of the world . 
  brexit or not . 
  sounds like common sense . 
  that is exactly what uk is going to be doing . 
  does n't matter . 
  still love diana we can hold grudges :p, 
  that 's good for germany although i do hope they at least took their citizens opinion into consideration . 
  so why is there a need to try and bring other eu countries - much smaller into this ? 
  one of many : http://www.bbc.co.uk/caribbean/news/story/2009/01/090119_mixedrace.shtml  figures show 48 percent of black caribbean men and 34 percent of black caribbean women are in mixed-race relationships . 
  if anyone sets up barriers , it 'll be eu and not the uk . 
  trade is not something uk has a history of opposing . 
  interestingly it may also go the other way . 
  brits of afro caribbeans descent with the high interracial marriage rates and lowering birth rates , they may actually be the first ethnic group in uk that may `` disappear '', 
  it depends on how trading negotiations would work in the event of a brexit . 
  i do n't think germany would seriously harm uk 's ability to trade in eu, 
  someone is gon na get a ban ... 
  it wo n't harm me personally . 
  i 'll probably have alot of my friends applying for their british citizenship and/or offers of marriage, 
  i do n't think uk has ever really been on eu or us side . 
  i think it has always looked after it 's own interests . 
  whether it is still playing for that side is something i do n't know . 
  it 's a shame as i do think uk has alot to bring to the table in eu with our perspective, 
  2022 is too far away :( we should get a week of mourning , one day is not going to be enough . 
  it would be seriously bad luck if she died just before she overtook victoria . 
  well if this does n't call for a bank holiday i do n't know what does !, 
  i 'd prefer judicial overview and do have a sense of unease over what this may set a precedent for in future but i still ca n't help but think ` tough shit ', 
  wo n't be a point in voting if corbyn wins leadership and boris represents the tory party . 
  it 'll probably go in favour of conservatives, 
  must be the politics . 
  what do you mean default ? 
  it 's not for me, 
  i thought the whole free movement/open border was a keystone for the eu ? 
  looks like that is going up in flames as well . 
  good . 
  should always try and assist them in their problems there . 
  would like to visit : prague copenhagen venice milan oslo visited : paris barcelona amsterdam budapest berlin dublin vienna istanbul geneva brugge !, 
  actually one of my favourites . 
  wo n't include any from uk for obvious reasons . 
  are they fucking kidding me ? 
  i 've made my peace with going to hell a while ago . 
  what the hell is eurobasket ? 
  syria 's civil war has it 's origin in the arab spring not on the strikes that occurred last year . 
  i do n't think unity is going to win in this crisis . 
  i like you, 
  huh ... 
  i think we may have pinpointed part of the problem, 
  fair point . 
  it was always going to be paid off , we all knew it . 
  cameron should prepare himself for the backlash . 
  then again the migrant crisis may allow this to slip under the radar . 
  you can eat haram food if there is no other option . 
  i guess they were n't hungry . 
  can border guards no longer tell the difference between syrians and africans ? 
  left libertarian . 
  parts of it is accurate . 
   you 're on the left and libertarian spectrum of the political compass !, 
  you question authority and are deeply distrustful of hierarchy . 
  you believe strongly in personal liberty and individual freedoms . 
  you firmly believe in a self-governed and non-hierarchical society with maximum individual freedoms for all . 
  you support women 's rights , gay rights , and liberal attitudes on sex, 
  have a cup of tea and chill mate . 
  you seem agitated . 
  public opinion - seems against taking in more refugees but that is in line with the general feeling on immigration . 
  the current political establishment seems divided . 
  labour members have made speeches to increase the numbers but the current prime minister leans towards fixing the problems in syria rather than taking in refugees . 
  shit , this should have had a nsfl link . 
  poor child :(, 
  unless they sell the non-premium batches to other providers to mix into their cheaper alcohol ? 
  do you blame them ? 
  i would n't go back either .
