  the likelihood of laws being repealed to endorse free speech without any restriction is borderline delusional . 
  shame living standards has n't caught up, 
  us londoners are lovely ? 
  dammit . 
  someone is letting the side down, 
  the arguments about this has already started on my facebook . 
  what if it was killalljewish/black/asian people ? 
  if someone supports the law coming down on them . 
  it should to the lady, 
  ireland is beautiful . 
  the alcohol is excellent as well . 
  they are more than often pensioners who draw their funding from the british taxpayer along with medical bills, 
  i feel dirty i 'm agreeing with the same person who pushed the snoopers charter . 
  common sense and i hope other countries follow the same thinking, 
  phew . 
  that 'll prevent one clusterfuck if it went the other way, 
  depends on the country but normally there is a period of time you have to be in the country and tests before citizenship is granted and a litany of other requirements, 
  maybe a perception that uk is closer aligned to us than europe ? 
  for my own laziness in learning other languages , i accept this drawback . 
  africa does not seem to like the french language . 
  go anywhere nice ? 
  if you 're not working , go have a nap, 
  how 's your day going ? 
  massive change has occurred in england . 
  plastic bags are now 5p . 
  luckily i hoarded them in my drawers waiting for this very day to arrive . 
  i 've already witnessed a lady get grumpy at the poor cashier after informing her . 
  it 's chaos, 
  not late 20 's but close enough . 
  hey, 
  congrats to our oldest ally !, 
  that is just unsettling . 
  who decides what views are acceptable or not ? 
  do n't blame them , i feel sorry for many of my teacher friends . 
  no amount of money would be enough to teach some of the entitled shits that are in the classrooms - backed up by their equally idiotic parents . 
  loss of sanity is not worth it . 
  so tell us a bit about yourself ? 
  on a scale of 1 - 10 . 
  how corrupt will you be ? 
  compensation is `` usually '' paid ? 
  going a little far germany, 
  halloween i guess . 
  bonfire night but that 's not for another month, 
  supporting a reasonable policy for refugees entering your country is not racism . 
  i 'm tired of the word racist being banded about , have we forgotten it 's actual meaning ? 
  i would n't mind being kept out of tiger tiger in croydon , it 's a grim place . 
  x2 on the above, 
  i think the decision will be contingent on negotiations - which uk most likely will not get as it requires unanimous support . 
  europe ca n't even unite on what to do with refugees . 
  the negotiations are going to be a nightmare . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'll list some of them mary , mary , quite contrary - essentially a recital of the homicidal nature of queen mary i a.k.a. 
  bloody mary three blind mice - another potentially on queen mary executing three protestant bishops here we go round the mulberry bush - one of the suggestions is that the song originated around female prisoners ring a ring o ' roses - many theories on it 's origin but one of them is it refers to the great plague baa baa black sheep - about medieval wool tax imposed by king edward in the 13th century goosey goosey gander - religious persecution against catholics in a time when they were forbidden from latin-based prayers . 
  lucy locket - a spat between two 18th century prostitutes . 
  oranges and lemons - follows a man on his journey to execution past some of the famous churches in london . 
  good . 
  i 'm glad the process uk is using to resettle refugees is by vulnerability and need . 
  it 's fair and not chaotic . 
  eh , let them march and protest . 
  they 're not harming anyone . 
  i knew there was a reason i 'm blessed with being under 5 ' 5 ^ / sob, 
  is n't that iceland 's entire police force ? 
  455.69 british pound a month , i guess factoring in the lower costs that makes more sense . 
  1200 is reasonable, 
  that 's alot of asylum seekers in a short time frame . 
  how does sweden handle it ? 
  gosh finland . 
  go make babies and stop stealing russia 's i 've kind of missed russia 's antics, 
  we need the law to enforce common sense now ? 
  separate housing will do nothing but reward bad behaviour . 
  i 'd give them one chance to behave and remove them if they do n't . 
  they are no longer in syria, 
  no way will this pass . 
  without a veto , i 'd see little point in the 5 countries remaining, 
  come to think of it is there any major sport played worldwide that was n't invented here ? 
  we also kinda suck at the sports we invented . 
  i do n't mind uk sitting this one out, 
  i do love my city . 
  london does n't compete with other uk cities . 
  the primary rival is new york, 
  damn good thing he wo n't lead the country then . 
  that is very astute and i do agree with you . 
  councils here ( not 100 % sure on rest of europe ) have a damn annoying tendency of placing groupings of the same culture/background in the same areas . 
  this prevents integration as they are not forced to intermingle as part of society as they can stay in their own bubble . 
  i will , i have no intention of always keeping a part of me secret, 
  - love the us but my worst thing about it is the difficulty to get in to the country . 
  i 'm always worried someone is going to have a bad day and then block my entrance . 
  - have n't been beyond the typical `` la/nyc '' but would love to visit coronado - have n't come across that yet . 
  - come to london/uk if you want or do n't . 
  ohhh children . 
  yeah i can understand that , why would anyone want that cost, 
  is denmark becoming asexual or something ? 
  i 'm surprised ads are needed to encourage people, 
  oh jeez , the out campaign seems to be getting so much ammo to use against eu, 
  aw , my heart bleeds for him . 
  i hope he is successful in his hunger strike . 
  how about fuck off . 
  ship them somewhere else, 
  how will finland recover for such a dent in their reputation ?!, 
  must be heartbreaking .
