  we 'll still be physically in the same location - come visit ? 
  manchester is brilliant . 
  i do love the stupidity of criminals . 
  i 'm sure the police thanks you for the evidence, 
  people come back from holidays without hangovers ? 
  i have long thought we need more bank holidays . 
  so at least it 's even throughout the year, 
  first day back at work and sunday blues was worse than normal so could barely sleep . 
  to make it worse - the next bank holiday is in march ( except for the bloody scots ), 
  i think that may be best , if neither country can put up a good offer , we have to settle for the queen . 
  i 'm going to hate spending those # 2 coins, 
  no thank you . 
  at least pick someone good looking if the queen has to be replaced . 
  i have little doubt the queen will have died by 2035 unless she has cracked the secret of immortality . 
  i 'm not that bothered if australia , canada , south africa , japan increase in power and us remains as a power . 
  i like all those countries and see it as a positive . 
  perhaps it 's time to hand over to canada/australia and retire, 
  no bloody way . 
  gender is rather important way to help identification . 
  why not get rid of names and faces while we 're at it ? 
  only when the islanders choose . 
  anything less is not acceptable . 
  25 is age relevant ? 
  uk is strong . 
  stronger than the majority of eu countries . 
  uk does not need to be alone , it has it 's connections with the commonwealths and allies, 
  if others wish to claim both british and european . 
  they can but i personally do n't want to - one always is stronger and if it was a choice between something good for eu but bad for britain . 
  it would n't be a choice, 
  not a matter of being afraid . 
  i 'll always be british first . 
  i do n't and will never view myself as european, 
  i have no problem if the rest of eu countries want to become ` one state ' . 
  i do n't want uk included . 
  our military is strong enough, 
  i think an eu army would be a failure . 
  eu can not even decide on what to do on refugees - can you imagine what would happen if it needed to use the military . 
  it 'd be a toothless expensive venture . 
  i 'm not bothered to be honest . 
  not yet anyway . 
  if it meets all the requirements , why not ? 
  it 's hmrc and parliament that should rectify this . 
  they pay what they are asked to . 
  i do n't think uk would oppose an ` eu army ' . 
  as long as we were n't expected to contribute to it . 
  then again after reading all the relationship post 's . 
  boy does xmas have drama, 
  eat , watch tv and wish i could go to the movies or out of the house but unfortunately everything is shut down . 
  it 's to celebrate him failing and being hung , drawn and quartered . 
  it 's why areas like lewes still burn an effigy of him & the pope . 
  london . 
  the diversity - no two boroughs are the same the number 1 thing i love is the social life . 
  on any night there is music being performed , bands , shows . 
  anything from opera to metal and has a very active music scene . 
  he was . 
  talk about revisionist history . 
  we have an opt out ... that is where we are . 
  even our conservatives in some ways are more liberal than your democrats . 
  so to answer your question , no . 
  europe is not being controlled by right wing forces . 
  i do n't like this . 
  lay it out clearly on both sides otherwise it 'll cause more problems in the future, 
  i despise the snow . 
  i like my transport running - i 'd rather not give them an excuse to shut it down, 
  eu has global clout ? 
  honestly the clout comes from individual countries that are also in the eu ... not from the entity alone . 
  if he pisses off - labour may have a slightly better chance, 
  funded by government to councils . 
  they in turn fund the local schools, 
  i expect nothing but incompetence from the government, 
  i ca n't weigh in on teachers as i went to an all girls school but this is a genuine problem and one that needs to be focused on . 
  the same level of attention that was given when girls were under-performing now needs to be given to the boys . 
  working class white and ethnic minority males ( specifically from afro-carribean/african ) backgrounds really do need to be given more attention by the government . 
  i hope we can now drop the focus on women and try and address this new imbalance . 
  salt and vinegar . 
  anything else is just wrong . 
  i thought we had an opt out anyway ... 
  saudis are n't immigrants . 
  they just love visiting london and playing gta on our streets ( minus the killing ), 
  makes sense to me him being white is not relevant . 
  the visiting iran bit is and it 's naive to pretend coming back from some countries is not a cause for higher alarm than others . 
  well i 'd most certainly vote not guilty if you presented that argument, 
  corporal punishment is generally legal in the uk and has nothing to do with multiculturalism . 
  who does n't fall and accidentally penetrate someone once in a while ? 
  a few tweaks may be required . 
  i do n't want our silly laws removed, 
  i do n't blame us for imposing different standards depending on the country they have their own security concerns . 
  [ accurate enough representation ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0v3myie.png ) ( not mine ), 
  we do an amazing job of isolating ourselves even when we know we 're right sometimes . 
  it is a continent made up of 54 different countries . 
  i doubt africa has unity in anything - let alone russia . 
  if any country has an increasing foothold , it 's china . 
  i do n't even like him but i expect the future successor to also receive reports as the queen does . 
  i agree . 
  the un by it 's nature is practical . 
  if the major powers us/russia/china for example had their veto removed . 
  it could simply choose not to participate and the un would be more toothless than it is . 
  i have a feeling i 'll remain undecided until the day i vote . 
  i do n't have enough information now to decide and it may change . 
  got to admit - hungary 's is amazing .
