  when you get for years the media blaming them , eventually people start believing it . 
  it 'd have been a tad awkward to have kept it . 
  do we get to choose who has it in our place ? 
  i nominate sweden, 
  this is getting to the point of being numb to attacks which is scary, 
  dedication . 
  i 'm only 60 pokemon up . 
  my linkedin is now getting offers from other eu countries when it 's always been uk based . 
  this is getting fucked up . 
  i just want to hug my french colleagues now . 
  no country should go this in such a short space of time :(, 
  yeah . 
  we know this sadly, 
  i . . do n't believe you :p, 
  2am here . 
  there is my sat morning gone, 
  well shit . 
  now i feel like a horrible person, 
  i know and i can only feel sympathy for those civilians held in this struggle, 
  hah not in the locals i planned to go . 
  i 'm happy it 's ended well but damn this was shit, 
  a part of me is annoyed i turned down the pub because i thought i was seeing a coup in action edit : now i just feel bad, 
  the last time was n't in the same climate as this . 
  turkey has suffered through a few vicious attacks recently . 
  i hope it is not bad but i 'd rather plan for the worst, 
  the pm and army has confirmed coup . 
  do you think so ? 
  what about the extremists there ? 
  i hope it goes well . 
  i really do but i hope all european countries are on high alert . 
  boris is probably drunk so do n't rely on him to do jack, 
  if turkey goes badly . 
  we 're fucked . 
  europe should worry and do everything it can to calm this, 
  if turkey goes to extremists . 
  we 're all fucked . 
  i hope this goes well no matter which way it goes . 
  naturally and wipe out other teams :d, 
  i 'm free this weekend - all i planned to do was catch pokemon if they need help . 
  there are many roots to this problem but islam is the common factor . 
  denying it wo n't make it any less true . 
  we can of course talk about inequality , perceived or actual racism in france , the education and levels of integration , the issues associated with imans and mosques . 
  martydom as a wider concept and how that feeds into this . 
  our foreign policies and it 's impact ... 
  i expected nothing more than this trash from the guardian . 
  that is true and it does n't help they are sometimes isolated and can not turn for help . 
  their parents do n't understand them because they are so steeped in their own culture ( and sometimes there are language barriers ) but yet they are not part of a wider societies culture . 
  it 's easy to be isolated and disconnected . 
  everyone feels it at some point but some of my peers go the other way . 
  they turn to religion for comfort . 
  so not for a few years ? 
  got ta love the delusion we 'll get what we want . 
  i would n't trust the far right , it 'd be a matter of time before after they are done with muslims to turn on anyone else they do not like . 
  the left however have failed sadly , we should have been front and centre in this debate but we left it to the far right . 
  i do n't care about the empire nor do i know anyone who is . 
  what a load of shite, 
  i 'd be uncomfortable with erosion of our civil liberties . 
  school is mandatory here ... is it optional in your country ? 
  some of your suggestions is excellent - especially regarding language . 
  but will taxpayers be willing to fund it ? 
  i 'd be happy to support it as language is often the first barrier to integration . 
  i agree with you . 
  but the problem with the racism argument is that sadly this has largely been ignored by the left which has enabled only the right wing talking about it . 
  how can you force integration ? 
  when can we finally admit that is there is a problem that needs to be rectified within islam and areas of the muslim community in europe ? 
  i thank the very well-meaning non-muslims who again are on my facebook making it clear that this is the actions of a minority however well-intentioned it is . 
  it 's making the problem worse with faux tolerance . 
  it 's enabling the denial and head in the sand isis is a islamic organisation and therefore an islamic problem . 
  the problem will not go away until muslims confront it and trying to deny it will only make this problem worse . 
  before anyone jumps on me , i am an ex muslim, 
  why is bbc complicit in this ? 
  it 's almost they 've forgotten it 's taxpayer funded . 
  i actually would not mind uk taking a step back from the world . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  france have had more than their share of heartbreak, 
  oh god . 
  this is going to be an embarrassing 4 years . 
  i 'm just going to say sorry now to save myself time, 
  no one did . 
  i 'm scared over the negotiation period . 
  may is scary ( like a female voldermort ) . 
  i have no idea what she will do, 
  tory party rules . 
  it only goes to membership when there is an opposition . 
  lesdsom dropped making her pm when our queen accepted ofc which she did, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i agree . 
  i understand why our parliament made the decision to ban and make it difficult to own it . 
  do n't mind them . 
  shooting can be fun so i understand the ` hobby ' argument . 
  i 'd however prefer my fellow citizens are not armed . 
  first impressions watching it . 
  it was rather reassuring and alot more moderate than i expected . 
  she does seem to be treading into labour territory in some parts of her speech . 
  i hope that carries on through her premiership, 
  his best pmq is his last . 
  ai n't it always the way, 
  i hope eu does . 
  a more powerful europe is not a bad thing, 
  we officially have our new pm now the queen has approved it .
