  well that 's nice of them ... of course we still need to trigger the damn thing, 
  i do n't think it 's fair for either eu or non eu workers . 
  scrap them both, 
  no thank you . 
  london wants to remain in the eu . 
  i have n't yet forgiven relatives and it 's been a while, 
  eu still being awesome even after we told them to piss off . 
  we really are on a suicide mission this year, 
  okay , so is europe preparing for this ? 
  tad harsh . 
  they are our neighbours and the whole peace thing ... 
  seems logical tbh . 
  if turkey was ever attacked , it 'd be a gateway into europe and let 's face it - if people think the refugee crisis is bad now . 
  imagine if turkey could no longer block the flow + all refugees using it as a gateway . 
  that is not my point, 
  my skills are fine and wanted . 
  but i want to keep free movement, 
  of course not but i do n't want my status dependent on my employment to a firm . 
  i work in the city and will potentially be amongst the firms relocating . 
  i guess i took it for granted, 
  i want to keep my eu passport/free movement availability . 
  not all of us have irish ancestry, 
  oh this would be amazing but i have no doubt our government would destroy it . 
  i would pay a hefty sum to keep this and enable me to continue with ease to travel for work and enjoyment, 
  i 'm always torn when these stories come up . 
  i 'm kinda impressed we can actually do something right, 
  do n't blame them . 
  i know every country in eu ( hell the world ) will be gunning for a piece of london 's business but it will take a very special city with very liberal laws and infrastructure to get it, 
  it was mandatory but i hated it and pretty much skipped learning how to swim . 
  unfortunately my fear of water has just gotten worse and now i regret the teachers not forcing me to learn . 
  something horrible in a past life ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm trying to come to terms with how crappy 2016 has been and we still have a few weeks left . 
  wonder what else will happen . 
  born and raised in london but from my friends who came from other eu countries . 
  they tell me it can be difficult at the beginning . 
  major cities can be isolating if you do not put yourself out there to get friends/build up a network . 
  it can be expensive , if you are on a low living wage . 
  that will impact how much you enjoy . 
  but overall , i do n't mind if london is down on the list . 
  hopefully it frees up some space, 
  this is so embarrassing . 
  at this rate , we may be still there by 2030, 
  we know those assholes have been doing it anyway . 
  the only difference is now that they are doing it legally, 
  wo n't ever happen without full consensus, 
  we have n't yet triggered article 50 genius . 
  absolutely i agree . 
  but it is fascinating seeing people overreact to this . 
  this is merely a blip and not nearly enough to push us away from superpower status, 
  that does make it easier . 
  ah shit , i just realized i already get stopped on my british passport - it 's probably going to double now once we leave and we do n't get to use the quicker lines for biometric . 
  they 'd be stupid if they did n't do this . 
  not that i have any faith in our agencies to actually vet refugees properly and prevent this . 
  if it encourages europe to pull it 's weight in regards to nato and military . 
  then this is a good thing . 
  well . . spontaneous weekend trips to europe is going to be a thing of the past . 
  gon na miss deciding on a friday afternoon i want to pop over for a visit, 
  us still remains a superpower with or without trump . 
  that will not change it 's place in the world . 
  it 'd likely get relocated back to new york which is a shame . 
  boy is the public purse going to get hit . 
  how can uk storm out of a meeting it never attended ? 
  cheers . 
  what a prick . 
  anything that excites him is worrying . 
  27/40 with not a lot to go on . 
  some seemed common sense/knowledge . 
  i know nothing about their artists and writers . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  i like dublin, 
  can someone just please gag him ? 
  technically they are not and have very little power in comparison to the actual position of london mayor . 
  iirc 4 boroughs use a different system to the other 25 + boroughs . 
  instead of simply electing councils by vote and the councillors then elect a council leader . 
  those boroughs directly elect them but they are essentially council leaders with another name . 
  within that as well we have the right honourable lord mayor of london . 
  i am so bloody sick of seeing this bullshit . 
  my mayor said nothing wrong in that quote . 
  i hope he is prepared for attacks in the city otherwise we 'd be up shit creek . 
  when did he do that ? 
  there was no london mayor when ira bombings occurred . 
  london mayor position came about after the greater london authority act 1999 in 2000 as part of the reforms and a subsequent election had ken livingston . 
  london mayor is a special entity and yes , he is . 
  well he 's not wrong tbh . 
  seriously ? 
  with all the cuts that we 're having ? 
  cool . 
  so who are we invading ? 
  no way . 
  before long they 'll force citizens to have it . 
  it will hold . 
  no matter what . 
  even if a hard border has to happen between ni/uk . 
  the treaty will be honoured, 
  i need a drink do n't even get a bloody bank holiday either . 
  instead we get those who have done a bang up job so far . 
  well of course she did . 
  having the decency to reassure those living in this country is only something any normal person would do . 
  well they 're not wrong .
