  perhaps the historic greenbelt should be reviewed, 
  link to study ? 
  i do n't mind how it works now, 
  we 've had it but very small . 
  i ca n't lie so i guess a lot of us do n't . 
  how does it work for you ? 
  uk uses a historic trust system . 
  i do n't need id/proof . 
  i walked to my polling station and they trusted i was n't lying but if you are not registered . 
  you ca n't vote, 
  that is not possible in cities as people often move to different boroughs or out the county/area, 
  interestingly do you notice alot of our skyscrapers are an angle . 
  that is because a view to st pauls is a must . 
  it 's a protected view legally, 
  yes please . 
  i love sabaton - listening to pv now . 
  seen them twice in the last year . 
  with gloryhammer and alestorm ( which i 'd recommend ), 
  is it wrong to ask for suggestions on bands ? 
  alot of my playlist is scandinavian or british bands . 
  anything other you 'd suggest ? 
  i do n't know if this is black humour or not . . o.o, 
  have to say . 
  i love swedish bands when they play here . 
  no idea . 
  i 'm disappointed in us, 
  to be fair , that is in alot of boroughs . 
  eye contact means you want to fight . 
  do n't eye-rape someone and you should be good, 
  i 'm voting but fuck them on using my race . 
  how about address why many ( across race/ethnicity ) are choosing not to vote ? 
  we did this . 
  i grew up on a tower block that was abolished . 
  also london skyline is heavily protected, 
  i 'd feel bad if i bought abroad . 
  we 'd be doing the same arsehole thing that has happened to us on the locals who want to buy in their country, 
  ditto which is depressing, 
  in what bloody universe is that affordable ? 
  i 'm not surprised it 's happening elsewhere . 
  no way i can afford it unless i win the lottery , become a black widow or the market crashes big . 
  it 's because developers advertise and sell it abroad before locals even know about it . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  as a londoner this shit pisses me off . 
  it should be compulsory for developers to fund it back into council/affordable housing . 
  london can afford to be choosy on who can build in our city . 
  it 's time for our mayor to exercise that power . 
  living in london ... :( at the amount of orange/yellow places . 
  damn . 
  that is difficult and i thought the uk requirements was hard . 
  i thought getting german passports ( or any dual passport ) is difficult ? 
  - i 'm not sure yet but i 'm leaning towards remaining but there is still time to be swayed . 
  - ca n't answer number 2 as i have n't made up my mind . 
  - i think it 'll be a very narrow decision either way . 
  the country has not yet made up it 's mind . 
  - i do n't mind farage and i do think he speaks on behalf of many and because of that the british politicans should pay attention . 
  tony blair is more of a liability than asset . 
  what a cunt, 
  i 'd have no problem with the funds going to this . 
  can i use it to leave the country ? 
  and we love you, 
  i have no problem with the truth being printed . 
  the problem is that it 's always agendas and bias . 
  you 'd think they would find something original to shout . 
  in the event of a leave vote - would n't we have to patrol the borders ? 
  or does the ireland/uk/ni agreements supersede eu 's ? 
  there has been ads stating ` there is probably no god ' as well . 
  to our oldest ally !, 
  / raises cup of tea . 
  here is to another 630 years, 
  yes he did for voting and supporting it . 
  he 's clearly a strong ally of terrorists . 
  all non-biometric passports are expiring within a year or two . 
  seems a useless change but oh well . 
  ca n't complain considering who it is named after, 
  i 'm not sure where you have gotten all those from but he is absolutely fine and barely controversial . 
  the london mayor campaign did descend into dog-whistle politics, 
  i do n't care about his religion as long as he can do his job representing my city, 
  i think london will survive . 
  the rest of uk will be hit the hardest . 
  i hope whatever the solution it is one that does n't cause any issues in ni/ireland . 
  i 'd love a bit of whatever he is smoking . 
  i 'm just getting sick and tired of this . 
  my condolences sweden, 
  i 'm not that surprised . 
  she 's destroying everything else - why not one more thing ? 
  it 'd take a special type of cunt to not warn another eu country on an attack if we had the intelligence . 
  believe me , cadbury is now shit and not worth it . 
  why ? 
  especially in this period we should not be preventing the sharing of intelligence . 
  i 'd love some of the drugs you are on . 
  i doubt eu is going to crash anytime soon, 
  depends on where my company relocates/opens up offices in, 
  i do n't know about you but i 'm looking forward to public hangings . 
  i was getting bored of x factor . 
  uk passport is still a powerful thing when accessing countries beyond the eu without a visa . 
  unless i get a swedish or finnish passport . 
  eh , do n't blame them . 
  we were in another dimension up until now ? 
  this is going to be a rough few years . 
  i 'd want to keep my uk passport so dual citizenship would be hard depending on the country .
