  stop repeating it . 
  well this is harsh . 
  my normal holidays to europe will be going down . 
  sucks . 
  on the bright side to europe , you 'll be getting less drunks brits, 
  well shit , we ca n't get any worse now . 
  maybe thatcher will come back from the dead and top it off for us . 
  sweden seems like a good choice i guess, 
  aw , your excitement just made me smile . 
  bring a warm jacket so it can be removed when you 're inside . 
  gloves/scarves should also be brought . 
  i said relax , not dismantle our military . 
  what do you think france/germany will do ? 
  go off the crazy train and try ww3 ? 
  i 'm actually okay with this . 
  perhaps it is time for uk to relax and let others handle crap . 
  got ta love james o'brien . 
  interesting , i thought they could n't be built by foreign companies . 
  must have skipped those history lessons lol . 
  would we ever do such a thing ? 
  does n't sound like us at all ... 
  that is loyalty . 
  ( to country not the idiotic wife ), 
  you know it 's morning right ? 
  i like the queen . 
  absolutely . 
  that is the truth but not one alot of people will accept . 
  ca n't really oppose or support it . 
  if this does come in , it 'll be very interesting to see how eu countries manage command structures for this united army and more importantly national interests play into how they choose to use it . 
  assuming they use the army of course . 
  yikes , we really have gone off the crazy cliff this year have n't we, 
  fine with me . 
  assuming it 's a quid pro quo situation, 
  absolutely paris , dublin , frankfurt will benefit from london 's financial . 
  we all know that . 
  right ... 
  i 'm just going to leave you to your delusion . 
  it 's okay if you really believe a silent agreement prevented slovakia competing for london 's business . 
  london is n't the only financial centre . 
  there is also paris , hong kong , new york , singapore ... 
  well it definitely is n't going to be slovakia that gets london 's business . 
  if it 's so easy to get a world class city why is it that london is only one of two in the world ? 
  ( new york being the other in case you were wondering ), 
  well i do n't know why you 're complaining . 
  only took a few weeks for my license that gave me permission to have sex . 
  it depends on whether they have 24 hour drinking licenses . 
  many clubs and pubs just do n't bother to get it unless it 's special occasions . 
  24hours for my nearest shops and off licenses . 
  dude is in denial . 
  someone else probably . 
  i voted remain, 
  i realized how little i knew because i do n't understand it, 
  congratulations ireland . 
  you get jobs because we 've decided we do n't need it anymore . 
  is n't everyone ? 
  we know he was a slimy , opportunistic arsehole . 
  you 'd think we 're in a state of war from the title . 
  i was a remainer but even i know this is bullshit, 
  not gon na lie ... 
  i got my bonus so i ca n't even pretend to be outraged . 
  i love london . 
  city i was born and raised in . 
  it 'd take something special to drag me away from it, 
  theresa may does not waste time . 
  let 's aim for top 3 again, 
  considering the attacks they are beginning to get in the uk . 
  they should know better than to target someone for differences we all should be aware because somewhere else in the world , we may be at the end of the same target and attacks . 
  where are you ? 
  i love my lunchtimes . 
  they 're sacred and a beer in the garden at lunch . 
  morning . 
  in the office and already counting down the hours until pub time for lunch, 
  do n't get cocky . 
  i only voted for him because the other option was so bad . 
  i welcome anything that gets eu countries spending more on their military . 
  interestingly i do n't think that is correct . 
  we 're seeing less against the `` old school immigrants '' ( those that have been a few generations ) especially in the black communities . 
  if i have n't specified what i want to do with the organs . 
  the default should my family decide . 
  it should not be the government . 
  stating the obvious . 
  what an idiot . 
  the police are not above the law . 
  they should be held responsible for their actions . 
  they should have followed due process . 
  should n't all governments be nationalistic to an extent ? 
  oh well , you took your time . 
  do we get a refund on the amount of money wasted ? 
  looks like the tubes during rush hour . 
  bodily contact is a given, 
  absolutely not . 
  the only people who have `` the burden '' of my corpse is my family . 
  not the government . 
  perhaps i am speaking only for myself but i am deeply uncomfortable with presumed consent . 
  ... and i thought the british were awkward . 
  i like it . 
  prevents conversation, 
  are you blaming non-white people for white people beating up polish people ? 
  police ca n't make up laws . 
  good luck trying and overstepping your authority,
