  i 'd vote for whoever seemed vaguely familiar in the list of names or someone from my favourite eu country just because . 
  obviously now we would n't have that choice/option . 
  no way . 
  i 've finally learned to turn my clocks back and forward rather than it being a surprise . 
  they are all ugly . 
  good for them, 
  alot of my friends in the city have been offered relocation to frankfurt or paris . 
  many of them are taking it with company backing of visa sponsorship if it ever comes down to it . 
  i 'm sad for my city but we did it to ourselves as a country . 
  get over it, 
  no one knows what we want . 
  i know . 
  we 're going to have give her back some of her money to cover these costs . 
  sounded odd just typing that, 
  it 's always easy to say that when alot of other countries have to be taken out before anyone gets to yours . 
  i suggest rethinking being reliant on other countries for defense . 
  the link does n't show methodology but if it 's done by population , it may not have considered that . 
  race to the bottom begins, 
  babies or that, 
  i live in london and prefer the city to the countryside . 
  it 's nice in small doses but never to live in forever . 
  city has an abundance of night life , culture , transport that you can never get in the countryside . 
  she can afford it . 
  woman is loaded, 
  as a remain voter i 'm worried no matter what . 
  damage has been done . 
  can we please stop talking . 
  our arrogance is rather shocking, 
  only one topic discussed, 
  i do n't get what 's racist about it ... 
  lady has guts . 
  kudos to her, 
  well even if it 's not what she said . 
  it 's probably still true . 
  government is our pm and the ministers . 
  she really is an either/or pm . 
  you either like her or hate her to many . 
  she should give it time , cameron will beat her eventually . 
  well , not that surprised . 
  i 'd rather not have anything than charles as king in that case . 
  it 's scary how accurate you are . 
  that is my thought process, 
  for lizzie \u2661, 
  is the eu insisting on it ? 
  all i 'm hearing of hard brexit is uk banging on about it . 
  i ca n't imagine what will happen if tea becomes more expensive and hard to come by . 
  like hell we are . 
  maybe we should focus on domestic issues, 
  not another fucking referendum, 
  good thing we 're leaving you savages behind . 
  nothing is better than hd, 
  fair enough . 
  phew . 
  just marmite and b&j . 
  if haagen dazs gets hit , shit is going down . 
  of course our elected representatives should n't get a say . 
  yeah but you can spill cider on it and it 'll survive . 
  that 's nice . 
  of course you can . 
  you can get it swapped if you have a damaged or contaminated banknote . 
  you just have to fill out a form . 
  i got my new # 5 . 
  you ca n't tear it ( i tried ), 
  damn . 
  how low will it go ? 
  you mean the right side ? 
  we 're friendly . 
  but i know them through nicknames . 
  i have my next door neighbours . 
  one side doctors with marital problems and a fondness of playing piano at unacceptable hours . 
  other side a lovely grandmother that i like to keep an eye as her children have abandoned her . 
  then across the road we have a clearly swingers couple which kinda creep me out, 
  you may be surprised in a city of millions lol . 
  oh i have lived with my neighbours for a decade . 
  still do n't know their names, 
  not gon na lie . 
  turkey wins, 
  i could n't imagine just 26 . 
  my borough in london is thousands . 
  how did you manage it historically ? 
  26 people ? 
  please tell me you marry out, 
  you 're right, 
  i could n't find a black person last time i was in yorkshire . 
  im curious to know the answer . 
  no city here is majority black . 
  our afro-carribean community is in danger of being wiped out by intermarriage . 
  i thought we sold all our major brands to you :p, 
  every country gets bollocked at one stage, 
  never . 
  maybe morally but the veto powers of un wield alot of soft power, 
  indeed . 
  got ta love the hilarity of bollocking eu on unelected individuals when half of our parliament and head of state and pm are not, 
  honestly i 've gone through a mourning process . 
  i absolutely accept the democratic result but since i was born . 
  i 've always had that lovely passport which will no longer exist . 
  i only hope for the best in eu . 
  sucks . 
  i 've always been part of the eu and it soon will be going . 
  we know man .
