  mine is a white male and bloody awesome . 
  i 'd prefer him to ( god forbid ) diane abbott . 
  i do not want people chosen on anything other than those who are good at their job otherwise it 's discrimination to me . 
  absolutely . 
  the current issue with human trafficking and organized crime that enables this movement is something all eu countries should be tackling together and sharing intel as crime has no borders . 
  counting down to 12 so i can go to my regular for a few pints with my colleagues . 
  it 's our ritual, 
  for me as someone who is 2nd generation british . 
  it has nothing to do with xenophobia ( hell i am ex muslim myself ) but common sense . 
  it 's a question of where does it end ? 
  if we argue morally we have to accept those from syria , iran , iraq etc. 
  what about africa ? 
  will the doors be opened to them ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  i 'm not convinced they are all entirely refugees , i do think cameron is right to limit the people brought over to the camps themselves who are most vulnerable . 
  i 'm worried that it may open the door to more extremism in uk and by nature europe once they have right of movement . 
  i have no right as a brit to speak about how europe should handle this crisis amongst their schengen area but i do support the organized way cameron is doing this . 
  probably self-deprecation . 
  not at the moment . 
  currently flooded with the frolicking our pm has had with a pig . 
  the fools who raised this should be the one questioned . 
  how people forget quickly . 
  europe has already had terrorist attacks in the last decade . 
  jesus the level of entitlement is shocking . 
  for fuck sake , potentially another bloody referendum on the horizon ? 
  i 've had enough of them to last me a lifetime . 
  i could see myself voting for him . 
  all depends on his plan for housing/building and transport . 
  or integrated minorities are as worried about their country . 
  why would you assume muslim ? 
  i 'd choose our ghurkas over any country including european countries, 
  that makes the assumption that only white individuals in europe are concerned . 
  many of my bme friends are as concerned as the general population . 
  i do n't hate refugees but there are legitimate concerns about the logistics and it 's impact on housing , social welfare , policing , integration and so on . 
  i consider it very simple to boil it down to hate . 
  yep , was n't taken too seriously in my school and it 's not compulsory after a certain level . 
  one day we may not have to go to other countries chasing the sun . 
  well in school there is alot of history to cover . 
  some things are missed out ( including large chunks of uk history ) an example of our old curriculum below https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/national-curriculum-in-england-history-programmes-of-study/national-curriculum-in-england-history-programmes-of-study#key-stage-1 we barely had time to cover the uk empire let alone eastern europe . 
  the cold war and russia is taught during a levels when history is no longer compulsory so those who chose not to continue the subject would n't know much about it . 
  i can locate countries . 
  i can just locate the middle east , africa , asia alot better than eastern europe . 
  it was n't a major part of my schools curriculum . 
  i learned more about us and it 's history than i did eeurope . 
  i find myself overly interested in topics that are not about the immigration crisis now when before i 'd be selective over which topics i 'd read . 
  yeah i 'm learning alot about which countries border one another . 
  i complain about everyone . 
  i 'm rather excited to find out the results but will hate the run-up campaigning . 
  i guess we 're going to find out . 
  probably tired of being the gatekeeper to europe, 
  what about the children born there ? 
  will they have a claim to stay ? 
  if they do , that is something that 'd probably end up in echr to not separate families . 
  sorry but this article makes me even more supportive of cameron 's decision to take refugees directly from the camps . 
  not those who have chosen to cross borders illegally and avoided authorities . 
  it 's unfair to those refugees who are doing this legally and correctly . 
  it 's not very likely ( 22 % ) i can deal with those odds . 
  well that 's not nice . 
  considering the amount of money uk is giving , i 'd say the government is assisting . 
  oh shocking that cameron wishes to assist those who follow the law and procedures . 
  why should those who essentially skip the queue be rewarded but those left at the camps ( most likely the most vulnerable ) not be assisted ? 
  never heard of it . 
  how many are you trying to bring back ? 
  i was under the impression there are limits, 
  no need for terror . 
  it would n't be the end of the world, 
  seriously ? 
  flying the union jack gets some people riled there , imagine a unification, 
  i 'm not supportive of either leaving nato at all - i 'd support strengthening our ties or open any sort of talks with argentina without the explicit request of the people living there, 
  i did n't vote for him to be my parties leader but i guess we 're stuck together for the next 5 years . 
  i 'm not particularly happy with some of his requests . 
  leave nato ? 
  hand back falklands ? 
  disarm ourselves . 
  nobody cares about it . 
  none of my female friends or i acknowledge it as a massive problem . 
  example in the op is viewed as overreaction and utter stupidity . 
  hell she probably did herself a disservice in her professional world , who wants to hiring a potential walking lawsuit ? 
  ridiculous . 
  we 'd simply make changes to ensure little changed, 
  36 quid a week is not alot when you see our prices, 
  we did n't invade most of the world to learn a new language dammit !, 
  if it was an option , us would be pretty high up there . 
  we have shit weather . 
  you 'd be as grumpy as we are after long exposure, 
  opposite for me , i adore cities and can take the countryside in small doses, 
  fair point , ca n't disagree with that, 
  hey !, 
  do n't diss a perfect sunday roast or pie with mashed potatoes ... 
  i 'm craving them now for lunch, 
  i 'm surprised ireland did n't match it if it as on language, 
  you have good beer, 
  it 's been on my to do list for a while . 
  i 'll learn one day !, 
  it 's what makes us pretty damn great, 
  you heard the man . 
  we love them equally !, 
  then i 'll go with netherlands . 
  wait , i ca n't ride a bike ... will that work against me ? 
  too damn many .
