  very much still happening . 
  in london and cardiff in particular in my experience it 's not strange to meet somalis who have moved from sweden/denmark or the netherlands . 
  yeah well , i have n't decided yet !, 
  i need more time . 
  very little political will and public support for another intervention . 
  it has indeed , brixton/peckham ... all becoming hipsters new breeding ground . 
  in my opinion i think it just shows the entire situation as a hot mess and the images coming out to the media worries people that we may have ` lost control ' . 
  it raises the question if we can not fix and get a handle of this with france and it 's relative small numbers , there is little chance on a wider scale across europe being successful . 
  having to have gone abroad to find a girlfriend is hardly a strong argument for staying in the eu mate and i 'm not even eurosceptic, 
  nothing wrong with brixton . 
  gentrified now hell is dagenham, 
  honestly i think ireland will be fine and so will uk . 
  sure there will be an adjustment period but i do n't believe it will be soul destroying on the economy . 
  we love you too , 
  oh absolutely , the british media will unfortunately play a huge role in the referendum . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  i am sick and bloody tired of hearing the same old bs against us , uk and other european countries about our interaction in syria . 
  the problems which led to the civil war happened in arab spring in 2011 not when strikes occurred in 2014, 
  that would be a bad decision and it is not yet set in stone for 2016 . 
  do you really think eu will fix all of the current problems in 12-18 months ? 
  2017 makes more sense to give people more time to argue both sides . 
  oh boy , this is going to be a long referendum . 
  calais and the current migrant problems no doubt has played a role . 
  eh , i found the article that i read a few years ago . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jan/28/british-dream-europe-african-citizens  time and again , our team uncovered africans who were not any longer from africa . 
  they were eu citizens and actually giving up welfare rights in places like scandinavia to come to the uk . 
  indeed , we met so many nigerians from germany , or somalis from denmark , that we asked oxford university 's migration observatory to crunch the numbers on how many eu migrants are not originally from europe . 
  they found that 141,000 people , 7 % of those who came to the uk under eu rules were born outside the continent . 
  somalis are one of the biggest such groups , with an estimated 20,000 coming to the uk from the netherlands alone . 
  studies show that between one third and a half of the entire dutch somali community has moved to the uk, 
  i do n't know if it 's just me but i 'm seeing alot of swedish somalis who have chosen to leave and come to uk . 
  if you can not integrate immigrants then ultimately nothing will change . 
   what if , for example , nato was able to internally-agree that all members would place a population - or gdp-proportional count of soldiers in eastern european countries ? 
  would that be acceptable from your standpoint in terms of ensuring that the uk was n't being treated unfairly ? . 
  i 'd accept that but i also know it wo n't happen . 
  i 'd take the last line more seriously if every other nato member also did . 
  it feels like us and uk are picking up the majority of costs and legwork with little to show for it . 
  i am a fan of nato but bases are bloody expenses especially if it 's long term stays , factor in costs for soldiers and training exercises ... just closing down the german bases and re-organisation bill went up over a billion . 
  we get shafted if we intervene and when we choose not to . 
  there is no longer a political will to continue . 
  no thank you . 
  we should not be paying for it, 
  i have a hard time believing this . 
  does anyone have a better source ? 
  no guarantee of it passing , it would have to go through the backbenches who have rebelled previously . 
  i 'd put us as pretty neutral/maybe lean negative towards obama but pretty positive on americans . 
  not his decision . 
  it 's parliaments as far as i was aware, 
  true but hopefully the next 2 years is put to use . 
  it 'll be interesting to see the format and lead up to this referendum . 
  argument most likely , i 'm not aware of a vote going through parliament on an eu army . 
  if those who do not wish to be part of an army was given an opt out , there should be no problem passing it through unanimously . 
  uk is not preventing a eu army or a schengen zone border guard . 
  the rest of eu can do it without the uk the lack of leadership , funding towards the military and divisions within countries causes it . 
  2017 , not too far away date has not yet been confirmed but that can also be an advantage or not . 
  pretty much . 
  that is why i think it 's a good thing referendums rarely happen in uk . 
  no matter what people will be pissed and it 'll drag on . 
  the government will have to unless something dramatic happens . 
  ( i ca n't think of anything that could prevent the referendum result being honoured ) probably why we rarely have referendums in the uk . 
  someone needs to make a decision . 
  so we 've changed it already from `` should the uk remain a member of the eu ? '', 
  to `` should united kingdom remain a member of the european union or leave the european union ? '', 
  now we may need to change it again ? 
  it seems pretty clear cut and impartial . 
  perhaps but enough for us to front up all the costs when we 're not the only ones benefiting from it ? 
  especially considering the cuts across most of the board by the chancellor ? 
  i 'll settle for payment in sterling . 
  merely a kerfuffle that got out of hand and greedy cunts took the opportunity to nab things they ca n't afford . 
  not much to worry about now the rain is starting and it 's getting cold . 
  no one wants to riot cold, 
  why would uk want to join a european defense force ? 
  no thank you . 
  are we expected to pay for all of this ? 
  nah , we 're far too lazy to revolt . 
  defense is always good use of money . 
  too many in uk to pick just one, 
  we 'd all love farage, 
  i do n't see why it should have taken the 3 mains to call such a meeting when smaller countries have needed assistance for so long . 
  thats wrong, 
  it 's not that we do n't give a fuck but we know practically our influence is limited, 
  so anywhere but uk and few other countries that have a good birth replacement . 
  i 'm cool with that if natives are n't shagging enough ... export it, 
  now the polish are stealing our famous serial killers ? 
  is nothing sacred ? 
  you 're correct , no idea why people are falling for it so easily . 
  laze in my pjs , watch some tv and generally not do much today, 
  been before and its fun , you 'll enjoy it, 
  i went for one pint yesterday after work . 
  ended up getting home at 5am after 12 and many old fashioned 's . 
  my head hurts and hopefully after an english breakfast will recover for lunch, 
  uk government chooses to honour treaties signed and implements them . 
  it has also ignored things it opposes like prisoner votes as parliament stands in the way of it 's implementation . 
  no one in europe can force uk to do anything if it truly opposed it . 
  call it arrogance or pride if you want . 
  living in london has distorted my expectation of prices . 
  that amount might get you a shed ... maybe . 
  good luck . 
  shit , this makes me almost want to cry :( only # 650 ? 
  drink alot .
