  i do n't mind any of these and should be something cameron negotiates for, 
  what was originally voted for i 'd guess . 
  an economic union, 
  anglosphere and portugal, 
  not alot to be honest , it 's up to us to influence our communities . 
  i just want the law to be enforced the same way which sometimes it does n't do . 
  no , i knew that mate . 
  i 'm sorry you 're being downvoted, 
  i do indeed know it  is it just the socializing time falls after they are married ? 
  at the moment now for various reasons , i do not wish to cause undue stress on them or myself . 
  i 'm lucky in that i am not forced to wear a hijab , have always been given more than normal leeway but to be fair , i also have n't rocked the boat enough to find out how they 'd truly react . 
  i 'd prefer to have my shit in order and financially and emotionally independent away from them . 
  i think i 'm too much of a coward to truly leave them and isolate myself away from my support network . 
  unfortunate reality for some of us . 
  you just have to pretend you are religious or keep up appearances . 
  it 'll cause a backlash/disownment if lucky , violence if you are not . 
  one of the many reasons i have no intention of ever telling my family or community bloody worse because i 'm not a man, 
  okay . 
  i doubt this warning will have an impact on the decision of whether we stay or leave . 
  i have and i actually respect that more . 
  the royal household is also audited as other government expenditure would be by the national audit office and the public accounts committee, 
  i prefer a better argument . 
  ` because they are not people ' is much better . 
  the queen in particular pays income tax and capital gains tax . 
  if you 're gon na bitch about the royal family - get the facts right . 
  shallow but true . 
  they also block up roads . 
  stand to one side not converge in the middle of london bridge dammit, 
  nice . 
  love visitors from china , they spend a crap ton of money in the city . 
  good . 
  he may as well try and focus on achieving something more realistic . 
  you have to pay for condoms in germany if you 're a teen ? 
  i 've never heard of them . 
  must not be that dangerous, 
  i look forward to the inevitable drama and eventual downfall of their reign . 
  welcome !, 
  doubt eu gives a fuck anymore what we think now . 
  i hope scotland/london/ni and other cities try to unite against this . 
  i wish her the best of luck, 
  reduced the weight of chocolate and basically shrank/hollowed it out . 
  seriously ? 
  vote by all of house of reps delegations . 
  it 's entirely possible theoretically . 
  congress could choose a third party candidate but the likelihood is slim, 
  yep , it 's fucking outrageous what is happening with our chocolate . 
  the sneaky bastards, 
  us also thought of what occurs in a tie-breaker . 
  current house of representatives choose - as it 's gop controlled , trump would win . 
  winner takes all, 
  let 's all settle in for the final series of america . 
  the beautiful girl from suits ?!, 
  i 'm impressed ... 
  i mean , i do n't care, 
  i 'm normally not on the bandwagon of `` if you do n't like it here , piss off '' but if she really does n't like it here , then why not piss off to where women have `` more rights '' . 
  the truth is that they do n't want to leave , they know they have it better here and would wither and die if they tried to live in the world they delude themselves into thinking is better . 
  it 's too cold to go marching . 
  i doubt there will be 100,000, 
  do they not want donors ? 
  the right to find them plummeted male donation rates to damn near zero here . 
  we 're now shipping from abroad you know what 's worse than not knowing `` biological donors '' . . not existing . 
  i 'd be happy with that . 
  it 'd be nice if she focused on reassuring us . 
  i do n't see why not if they have seats . 
  i 'll do it . 
  maybe they can go to eu court to challenge the ruling ... 
  oh shit , this is going to be fun . 
  parliament vs. pm showdown . 
  i 'm actually surprised other countries do this . 
  no way would i accept it, 
  uk has some history in holding territory . 
  you bloody muggle . 
  raise the money scotland does, 
  fuck anyone who does n't think london deserve a seat . 
  i did n't hear alot of complaints when london and surrounding areas raised a quarter of our economy to the treasury that was spent beyond us . 
  the fact we have a gdp alone or population matching the other countries does n't matter . 
  i 'm fucking sick and tired of the city being bollocked . 
  a lot of other countries would love to have a rare alpha *** city but nooo . 
  we chose to kick it in the balls . 
  edit : i 'm marginally angry, 
  they 're not wrong . 
  mosques in europe tend to more conservative than back in some other muslim countries . 
  saudi money, 
  yep . 
  only way forward is making this compulsory for everyone without exceptions . 
  the schools have a duty of care for their students and sometimes it will be the only time the kids have an opportunity to see beyond what they were taught, 
  not david attenborough ? 
  i do n't know if others think this is a good or bad idea . 
  so ... good luck with the extra work germany, 
  that was n't allowed in my school . 
  i had to go to temples/churches/synagogues . 
  also sex ed the headmaster made it compulsory and beyond a death in the family/hospital visit . 
  everyone had to attend . 
  some parents tried to call in as their child was ` sick ' but he had extra classes for those people to attend when they returned, 
  i do n't see the problem as it allowed no exceptions . 
  if it did , it would open it up to abuse . 
  i 'd blame rest of the voters who chose leave if our city is hit bad . 
  eh , i have no problem with this . 
  london voted heavily to remain . 
  people need to get a grip with the hysteria,
