  how our government will is not determined . 
  if this is accurate then eu needs to fund alot more money on their external borders and take it more seriously . 
  maybe it is just me but i remember enjoying the school assemblies in primary school singing hymns is not exactly harmful . 
  honestly ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i think the british public is war fatigued, 
  shit . 
  i have n't even decided which way to vote but it seems the majority have already like the last referendum for uk - i 'll probably decide a week or two before the actual vote . 
  feel free to deport her arse back if uk chooses to leave, 
  seriously dude ? 
  how would the guardian like us to show eu that we care ? 
  by opening up our borders so we all share in the crisis ? 
  besides , we all know if uk made practical suggestions - eu would ignore us . 
  may as well not bother . 
  universities had them once ? 
  news to me . 
  that is scarily accurate, 
  i 'd prefer to do garage ... ca n't think of good hip hop songs from here . 
  i got kicked out before i got my cupcake dammit germany :(, 
  bribery works better than ` pressing ', 
  i do n't blame him for trying to reunite a 4 year old with existing family in uk . 
  the law is there for a reason but i would understand leniency in this case . 
  depends on where the sun is ... we 're not that picky, 
  if he swore to be the queen 's servant , he may as well have bowed, 
  i 'm not impressed with how he is presenting himself tbh, 
  how rude . 
  language gives us and uk an advantage . 
  both countries have had excellent universities before the existence of eu and it most likely will continue if uk does leave . 
  i do n't understand why this could cause a divide, 
  the clue is in the motto of her majesty . 
  * dieu et mon droit - god and my right * in every sense unless there is an extremely exceptional case . 
  ( she turns mass murderer in front of live television i 'd imagine being the exception ) but even then it 'd be a constitutional crisis . 
  all court cases in crown courts are basically the `` queen versus ... '' as she is head of the criminal justice system . 
  who would be able to prosecute her ? 
  the * crown * prosecution service ? 
  in * crown * courts ? 
  imprison her in * her majesty * prisons ? 
  who would arrest her ? 
  the queen 's police force ? 
  her majesty 's army ? 
  no need to send back anything . 
  will be happy to send a few postcards, 
  our head of state does have immunity . 
  the likelihood of the queen 's courts bringing a case against the queen is minuscule . 
  no artwork can be handed back without parliament approval and legislation . 
  very convenient, 
  then take the british to international courts . 
  even with elgin marbles , greece backed out of legal action for a reason . 
  it would n't work at all . 
  this is a great example of literal crown immunity . 
  not dark yet . 
  still have too many overseas territories . 
  best of luck . 
  wo n't ever happen . 
  we love our tea ... and alcohol . 
  are you being serious ? 
  that same sentence can apply to uk, 
  good god , it looks like a graveyard of comments here . 
  okay . 
  why are people getting emotional over this ? 
  is it that time again when they wish to have more powers ? 
  piss off . 
  woah , for some reason i thought something similar was always celebrated . 
  nope . 
  they are going to take them from actual refugee camps that are registered by the un . 
  fair price to pay for our nuclear deterrent . 
  it 's a drop in the bucket compared to some of our other expenditures . 
  that 's okay . 
  just keep buying weapons, 
  gave up after i looked down and saw only 36 % completed, 
  i hope to see china become a democracy . 
  we ca n't all get what we want . 
  get your act together !, 
  not too worried . 
  bureaucracy alive and well if they can not process others from 98 `` a number of iraqi kurds landed at raf akrotiri in 1998 and still live in a second british base on cyprus '', 
  but it can also be protected under race/ethnicity laws in some countries, 
  ca n't someone convert to judaism for example ? 
  there is no clear line, 
  no one is immune from radicalization . 
  that is why it is so important that the right people are in positions of authority . 
  especially in mosques/masjids, 
  go for it . 
  its not like uk has never borrowed equipment from the us . 
  it 's still part of being allies, 
  atheist so no way near, 
  my neighbours across the channel . 
  they 're alright i guess . 
  about time mosques and tv stations that spread radicalization is shut down . 
  i 'd be very annoyed if they did n't spell it out the consequences . 
  boe is a stake holder in this vote and contingency plans would have to be made . 
  this is beyond normal levels of stupidity . 
  this is why we never win . 
  everyone else cheats !, 
  i have no problem with it . 
  everyone should learn more about it, 
  without the headline , i 'd have assumed a chav . 
  how can it be if there are black jews ? 
  it 's not race based for any religion . 
  prejudiced absolutely , discrimination absolutely but racism ? 
  you 're doing it wrong if you can perform after those pills .
