  what is that going to achieve exactly ? 
  what a delusion . 
  do people actually think eu would accept this ? 
  london needs passporting and free market access . 
  my city will be damaged and heavily if these are n't kept . 
  how is she seen in germany ? 
  could she potentially lose the next election ? 
  is it too soon for a ' i told you so ' to 51 % of my fellow brits ? 
  damn . 
  well this is going to be interesting . 
  amsterdam or dublin is a better second option for london imo . 
  may the best woman win . 
  i look forward to the may vs. pecresse future fights, 
  if eu companies have n't been paying it , i do n't see why not . 
  but will it ? 
  are there alot of eu companies not paying taxes in us ? 
  not sure how us will otherwise retaliate . 
  some of the scenarios are bizarre . 
  eu will never allow uk to treat some countries different to others . 
  as a two-tier for visas . 
  oh man , i remember this as a child . 
  it was a surreal period, 
  time to remove the triple-lock protection, 
  at least something good has come out of this clusterfuck . 
  makes sense to me . 
  gratz italy . 
  you are now the tie-breaker, 
  they can piss off with this expectation . 
  1.7 million is a tiny amount of money . 
  i doubt the unit will last with that funding, 
  i must have missed the change in the laws here, 
  well , we all knew there were going to be consequences . 
  interesting . 
  as a labour member . 
  i want him gone . 
  cameron was right to oppose him damn i miss him as our pm, 
  also true . 
  i did vote remain but my knowledge on eu works is woeful, 
  uk wo n't refuse to pay our bills . 
  your guess is as good as ours . 
  tried and never succeeded . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  he was raised in the uk . 
  money always does , 
  if i knew what my countrymen was thinking - i 'd have been a richer person by betting again remain . 
  denial, 
  i 've missed my chance now . 
  with what money ? 
  okay . 
  eu countries will also be paying their share of pensions . 
  why is this such a surprise ? 
  naturally it has to leave my city . 
  i hope it goes to many countries rather than just one to help make them all feel like they have a say, 
  you know what i meant - sorry netherlands . 
  i actually did think that , sorry . 
  i assumed they 'd be in brussels, 
  makes sense to spread it about and not have it concentrated . 
  to be honest , i did n't even know london hosted eu agencies/departments . 
  why not another country like portugal or amsterdam ? 
  they have reasonable policies . 
  seems fitting . 
  have fun estonia !, 
  no way . 
  it only works if you were already halfway there and open to it . 
  i did n't know eu has money to spend . 
  it 's going to be an expensive endeavor . 
  way to make your neighbours look bad . 
  well this is going to be awkward . 
  damn . 
  that is not fair, 
  it was on our to-do list . 
  i remember when this sort of news was rare . 
  i miss those days, 
  protest vote against lib dems . 
  it 's hard to go against status quo normally, 
  not complaining . 
  got to leave early, 
  indeed . 
  we knew this or should have once we voted to leave . 
  please - the british are too damn lazy to revolt . 
  there is a reason we rarely have revolutions in our history . 
  not fucking again . 
  poor france, 
  it 's a horrific practice and one that should be wiped out with male circumcision . 
  it 's uks fault we made it difficult, 
  i do n't blame eu if they want this quickly but out of selfishness of a remain voter , i wish it could be dragged out but it 's not fair to other eu countries, 
  are you high ? 
  happy for an eu army . 
  i support all european countries spending more money on military . 
  would be outside of eu so n/a . 
  n/a . 
  n/a 5 . 
  i 'm fit but not enough to fight ( joining ta so that should help ) 6 . 
  is it skills relevant ? 
  security/intelligence . 
  i 'm not sure if my answers are worth anything now but gave it a go anyway, 
  good point . 
  i change my nomination to poland . 
  i ask myself that same question - still do n't have the answer . 
  i think it was just used as a scapegoat tbh .
