  good luck lobbying against the veto power at the unsc . 
  it 'll never reform - it may expand one day . 
  i 'm getting tired of the coverage of this . 
  i wish it was more like a uk election . 
  you forget it 's occurring until a month beforehand ( or in my case that day ) , the vote happens and everyone moves on . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  in that case - i do n't mind if nhs pays for the abortion . 
  cheaper than paying for a baby for 18th years + healthcare . 
  oh , what if they are poor and can only afford the trip over ? 
  very secular and atheist from a muslim family . 
  is it just me getting tired of the flood of polls every time there is a little change ? 
  hmm ... 
  i 'm gon na pass on this question . 
  it could also be fear . 
  i 'm scared every time a hmrc letter comes through my door . 
  they do not fuck around when it comes to money and getting it . 
  i 'm not surprised it 's falling but europe is hardly unique . 
  there are many other countries around in the world in a worse situation . 
  probably wrong of me but ... who pays for it ? 
  do we ? 
  or do we send a bill to ireland ? 
  or is it just part of the travel area ? 
  surrounded by water . 
  good luck invading us, 
  shame as this will damage london and that is unacceptable . 
  this should take prominent position in the debate for the city, 
  sure they could do it but consequences may do more harm than good, 
  i 'd prefer a legal challenge now so we could get a judgement before the referendum . 
  it would impact my vote living in the city, 
  i 'm surprised they were still on the books, 
  i think uk uses all measures of power as would any country that has interests to protect and project on the world stage . 
  what is an `` average european country '' ? 
  this mini-project of a union is not and never will be enough to counteract the centuries of history and old allegiances to nationality . 
  we 've all seen it when the euro crisis happened . 
  the `` togetherness '' kinda disappeared and old stereotypes come to the forefront of the debate . 
  us projection of power is a mixture of military and soft power . 
  this is not new , uk does a similar thing . 
  coe is relatively harmless and more hassle to remove it leave it until it 's becomes necessary, 
  would never support scotland leaving the union . 
  the flag will look bloody ugly without the blue . 
  a shallow reason perhaps but no less valid, 
  i 'm british . 
  i have no idea what `` european sense of values '' means . 
  pretty damn high . 
  also hammered, 
  do n't blame uk that we could negotiate this opt out . 
  blame your leader . 
  no one in europe should oppose intelligence sharing . 
  crime has no border and information should flow easily between countries . 
  however there is absolutely no way i would support a united intelligence agency or anything similar . 
  countries by it 's nature has it 's own interests and it 'd only be bogged down by more bureaucracy than one can handle . 
  i have no problem with uk sharing necessary intelligence with eu and vice versa but i have no faith in an eu-wide institution . 
  i 'll stick with mi5 dealing with our domestics . 
  sure but i do n't view it as hostile in comparison to say , russia . 
  i hope this does n't impact uk . 
  i 'm sure the belgian fm is heartbroken . 
  eh , i consider it different when it 's nato ally countries, 
  i also remember when the rules changed a few years ago . 
  time does n't stand still . 
  this is beyond satire . 
  not very well apparently . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  honorary badge will be in the mail . 
  please hit your spending targets . 
  the options on the survey were too vague to even justify the level of attention it has received . 
  people are arseholes sometimes . 
  but seriously - we need to encourage fat people to lose weight . 
  nhs money is n't endless . 
  never heard of it but after a quick skim read . 
  there are many more european countries i 'd kick out of nato before turkey . 
  it has every right to be in nato, 
  made on open frequencies and heard by other countries . 
  so not very likely . 
  very mature reaction . 
  i 'm shocked russia lied, 
  i hope we all have the balls to back up this warning if it comes down to it . 
  it 's delusion at play here how quickly some forget why nato is so important . 
  those reasons is protection for turkey and why uk/us will no doubt honour that treaty if shit does go down, 
  i do n't think this will damage turkey much . 
  it most certainly will not lead to ( like so many on this subreddit seem to be hoping ) turkey 's exclusion from nato . 
  it is too important a player in the treaty to risk it 's removal . 
  i do n't believe the government supports it directly . 
  i do however think there are over overarching geopolitics and some aligning interests at play on all sides . 
  that would help if both sides agreed on what the airspace limits are . 
  as it stands , they do not . 
  disputed territory is just that . 
  not sure if `` violations '' count when both probably have their own disagreements on where it starts and stops . 
  cyprus is neither a member or ally of nato . 
  stupidity gets very little sympathy from me . 
  do n't fly into other countries territory not a difficult task, 
  there is more justification to kick out nations not meeting the funding requirements than turkey, 
  no way will that ever occur . 
  they are one of the most strategic country in nato not to mention second largest, 
  my personal feelings aside and i am not a fan of either russia or turkey . 
  i expect uk to honour the treaties it signs . 
  nothing more or less . 
  absolutely . 
  i would expect nothing less if this occurred in us airspace for example . 
  eh , i do n't expect russia to force turkey to invoke . 
  i 'd support uk defending the nato treaty .
