  i remember the attempts to hammer in laws after the 7/7 attacks here . 
  laws not worth the paper it was written on and some that was overturned by the judiciary . 
  all i can think when reading all the comments - no laws should be changed until after 6 months following an attack . 
  the last thing any country needs is half-arsed measures and bad laws clouded by anger . 
  i do n't like the question but it 's a fair one to ask . 
  i do n't think anyone expects this attack to be the last . 
  this put a smile on my face . 
  exactly what everyone needs, 
  stfu hammond . 
  i have no problem with the judge 's decision . 
  i 'll give it a pass . 
  it truly is a great name . 
  stay safe guys . 
  i 'm not shocked but i am disheartened this is happening again so soon . 
  because it 's shit, 
  yes we have that . 
  third line whip . 
  we have whip if that is what you mean . 
  single line whip - indication but non-binding two line whip - can be to vote or attend debate third line whip - you vote with the government, 
  absolutely . 
  i prefer 1 party in power and them judged on the manifesto they were elected on . 
  great news as it 's for research . 
  irish are no better tbh . 
  they love their drinks, 
  false accusations should be punished . 
  canada/new zealand/australia . 
  i guess ireland would count as well as it 's quite similar . 
  queen 's catherine/victoria/elizabeth probably played a large role in contributing to this, 
  i rarely praise the government but this is sensible . 
  the most vulnerable should always be at the front of the queue . 
  i do n't blame us for taking another step to ensure failures in some european countries system does n't become their problem . 
  uk is more like canada/australia/nz than any scandinavian country . 
  i was annoyed the police kept stepping in when they looked like they were gon na get a beat down, 
  for some of them yes . 
  that is correct, 
  does he never want to be electable ? 
  i 'm getting that impression, 
  love my country but will only defend it when others chat shit about it . 
  otherwise i spend most of the time criticising it myself, 
  watched it and enjoyed the resistance from other muslims in london . 
  especially when one of the islamists shot down going into a mosque as he 'd feel ` less safe ', 
  chill . 
  i would n't anyway . 
  did n't know berlin was a popular stag location, 
  i 'm too south london . 
  mum would be pleased i do n't sound like i grew up on an estate lol countryside just makes me feel like an outsider in my own country . 
  i feel like i 'm intruding and end up craving noise and the fact i blend and can disappear, 
  london has always been an evolution of change and reinvention of it 's own image . 
  i see british people everywhere i go and markers of it . 
  but i guess that would assume everyone agrees on what british culture is, 
  i 've never felt unsafe before in my city and have stumbled home on night buses with others but if i was alone ? 
  i 'd catch a cab - just precaution, 
  my bad . 
  i think finland will never join tbh . 
  i do n't blame them with their neighbours, 
  i have no problem with parliament moving but i do dislike people disowning the city just because it does n't suit their image of what a capital is . 
  to be fair , i 'm uncomfortable and dislike visiting the countryside, 
  no offence but that is what i 'm referring to . 
  as it stands i do n't want another country in nato that would not honour the treaty fully . 
  if finland chose to join that means if turkey/uk/poland etc. 
  invokes . 
  it 'd have to join, 
  as a woman i would n't walk any city in the world alone at 3am . 
  london is not for everyone . 
  i adore having the world on my doorstep . 
  london is a world city for a reason, 
  i do n't know . 
  finland has always been reluctant . 
  would it answer the calls if another country invokes ? 
  nato does n't need more members who may not pull their weight tbh, 
  absolutely agree . 
  london is amazing for me . 
  born and raised here, 
  careful mate . 
  standing on both sides is madness, 
  interesting - talk about pressure . 
  i hope it goes well on concessions that benefits all parties, 
  i want a friend to get married just to do a hen night in warsaw, 
  we should have kept our bases in germany :(, 
  cheap beers and hot women ? 
  our soldiers will enjoy it . 
  while europe was fighting over the mainland - we set our sights a little further out :p, 
  ah that makes sense . 
  thank you for the link, 
  who is n't an oppressed minority these days ? 
  is n't that always the case ? 
  tents in winter ? 
  i did n't know denmark had such a shortage of houses . 
  lol !, 
  that should be the soundtrack on britain & eu in any thread . 
  indeed . 
  the military of european countries ( not nato ) should have been deployed to assist guarding the borders . 
  they have the necessary training and more importantly discipline . 
  well that is succinct summary . 
  thanks, 
  place your bets here that eu will get the blame for this ruling . 
  i 'm in for # 10, 
  this does seem to be a growing problem . 
  uk has a similar problem with educational gaps between boys and girls . 
  i wonder how many other european countries are trending the same way,
