  can someone please give me cliff-notes on what is happening in italy ? 
  i have had trouble keeping track of politics here in the last few weeks let alone europe . 
  she 's scary . 
  hijab is not banned . 
  what a foolish employer . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  i wish i could but i 'm not eligible for any other passport . 
  let her move into downing street first . 
  sadly as a remain voter . 
  i did n't expect another referendum nor would i support it . 
  we can not expect a do-over unless something changes significantly to require british public consent to proceed . 
  i have little faith in our politicians to not mess this up . 
  i can see this outside of my office window . 
  looks better in picture tbh, 
  i think the way eu responds to brexit will set the stage on whether this union lasts and strengthens . 
  now is not the time for panic but it is the time for eu politicians to take note of the people on the street and their concerns . 
  eu will survive if the benefits of union outweighs the negatives . 
  i do not think a federal superstate is what the majority of individuals in the remaining eu countries want but it 's no longer for me to say . 
  we 're going to get a psychotic bitch as our next leader . 
  i almost feel more bad for them ( eu ), 
  please do n't use us, 
  germany/france/ireland will be the biggest benefactors of uk business breakup . 
  i may observe game of thrones between them if germany offers dual , it will benefit heavily and be able to have the edge, 
  wait for old people to die off honestly . 
  i have never known life outside of eu and a part of me feel guilty we took it for granted . 
  my generation will rejoin if eu would welcome us back, 
  it 's a gift that keeps giving . 
  i never thought my country would be in that spotlight, 
  i doubt eu would ever welcome us back and i would n't blame them, 
  it can be done but the returning officer chooses the date of ballot return . 
  it is beyond the hands of mps to speed this process up . 
  we know the date of announcement, 
  postal ballots are used . 
  this is occurring quicker than normal, 
  i know . 
  that is scary . 
  woman is crazy and like a female voldermort but still not as batshit as the alternatives . 
  it still has to follow the process and be put before the members to choose, 
  more than half . 
  it 's basically in the bag for her unless something changes . 
  god help us all . 
  indeed and people say we never do anything for eu . 
  glad there is something positive from this . 
  it is a huge jump considering previous polling . 
  oh man , heads are rolling in british politics atm . 
  you know you 've fucked up when even farage thinks it 's bad . 
  i do n't know why but i find this creepy . 
  wales voted leave . 
  i assume they forgot that, 
  the future may not be so bad . 
  despite the fact i 'm only fluent in english, 
  i really do not believe this will occur . 
  in negotiation , there will be protections in place for those who choose to stay . 
  you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  allow for hours of time when going through heathrow . 
  it 's own special level of hell when it comes to checks read and then re-read the instructions on what is allowed on the plane . 
  security does not mess about in chucking things out, 
  brush up on history . 
  that 's it ? 
  it 's a rather small amount, 
  uk had a similar thing . 
  do n't do it and learn from our mistakes . 
  our justice and legal system should be colour blind . 
  tackling issues like this will be difficult but we owe nothing less for the victims, 
  similar but it 'll be unique if it occurred, 
  like hong kong/singapore but we 'd tailor it, 
  absolutely . 
  the interesting thing is that london which has felt immigration from europe heaviest voted remain but many leave areas were heavy majority white and barely touched and funded heavily by eu/london . 
  it 's been easier to blame london and no doubt will continue once eu is removed from the equation, 
  independence-lite we 'd still funnel taxes to treasury coffers, 
  indeed . 
  that is ignored by many . 
  london alone can not elect governments but many in england voted against their own interests, 
  absolutely . 
  leave voters have damaged the city, 
  you 're talking about london which for one of the most wealthiest areas has supported by a majority for decades labour . 
  if londoners truly wanted to ` neglect ' the north . 
  it 'd have voted tory . 
  london and other areas also have a right to push for something in a democracy edit : no the country does not . 
  the country has decided to cripple and damage the city . 
  btw london delivers a heavy surplus of taxes which is spent beyond the city, 
  which has more people and money . 
  i do n't oppose the idea but i 'd prefer city state status . 
  move the capital elsewhere if need be . 
  thanks mate . 
  i know the consequences will be grim . 
  you 're observing history . 
  the break up of the united kingdom . 
  do n't blame londoners for politicians decision . 
  including your own mps elected beyond the city . 
  what a fucking cop-out, 
  i can only shake my head when i see these attitudes . 
  i have friends who say similar things . 
  i have to explain to them again it was not that long ago when the same things were said to them, 
  got ta love the fact we 're so reliant on migrants that we ca n't even do the paperwork for leaving without migrants, 
  another resignation !, 
  place your bets here on who is next ... 
  keep your hands off my city !, 
  we did warn of this but `` project fear '' ... 
  i did n't know there was a demand for it abroad .
