this is a decision for uk and it will uk as a whole that it should be decided on . 
  not for individual countries in the uk . 
  why should scotland ( population of 5 million ) veto a potentially majority decision in england/wales/ni . 
  very anti-democratic of sturgeon , not that i 'm surprised . 
  i agree , it 'd be interesting to see the difference if it was split like that . 
  the courts have fun and the lawyers get wealthy . 
  i agree , india and uk relationship and ties should be stronger . 
  i 'm sure we could make room for you . 
  granted the visa agreements worked both ways , 
  very strong for me . 
  i 'd pick canada , us , nz , australia over any of uk 's european neighbours ( sorry ireland ) . 
  commonwealth has enabled us to all keep in touch somewhat . 
  good and i hope it keeps getting denied . 
  i absolutely oppose budget cuts to the uk military and want to see it increase . 
  many eu countries are weak militarily by choice - does not mean uk should be, 
  i agree , juncker has sealed a brexit . 
  it 's time for uk to exit the stage and let eu continue closer integration . 
  i have no problem with scotland using the pound informally . 
  ireland did for years after independence , nobody has a problem with it . 
  the issue is the assumption that a currency union is a given with the rest of the uk underwriting the debts of another country and being the lender of last resort . 
  i do n't particularly mind if scotland chooses to leave . 
  that is their right . 
  my only opposition is to a currency union . 
  sorry , i deleted it as it was meant to be a reply to your previous post . 
  i do not consider myself european and i do consider uk different enough that we will never truly embrace the eu fully . 
  paid 6.50 for a pint today . 
  i wish i could find these 4.50 pubs, 
  only 4.50 ? 
  weatherspoons i 'd guess, 
  i hope whichever way the vote it goes , it is by a large margin or we 'll never hear the end of it . 
  gave you an upvote to balance it out . 
  my answer was n't in regard to the question but the song itself . 
  it 's horrible . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  i love my city and always will but a potential eu exit should be decided on the benefit of the entire country . 
  and here i thought syrians were arab ... 
  i did n't realize this was today . 
  what is the chances spain does not recognize this vote ? 
  must be a new thing we missed . 
  the only reason labour won in 97 was because they shifted centre . 
  old labour ( left ) have n't won since the 70 's so no . 
  this ( imo ) has damaged labour potential election 2020, 
  piss off lady . 
  no one is going to listen to her rambling . 
  it is ** not racist ** to say that it is prevalent within certain communities and it should be tackled by some targeting especially in term times when children and sometimes teens are taken back `` home '' for the procedure . 
  i have maajid nawaz book on my shelf about his journey to extremism . 
  i have never heard of it occurring in the uk within my community ( which has rates of it ) . 
  when it occurred to people i know , they got taken away during the summer holidays . 
  there is little point in cracking down in uk if there is not the same diligence during term times . 
  teachers and other support areas including gp/nurses need to have training so they are aware of the signs and can alert the relevant authorities . 
  would it be okay to go alone ? 
  i would n't let them into the uk . 
  harsh perhaps but rules and order is necessary, 
  ca n't disagree with the choice . 
  well no shit . 
  confirmation of identity should be first before any further action, 
  no thanks cable, 
  damn . 
  you do not want to come to london , you may have a heart attack . 
  i 'm so used to paying # 5-7 for a pint in central, 
  that 's just depressive . 
  dammit i want to buy in my city before i die but it looks like my non-existent grandchildren may have a shot at this rate . 
  oh shit , this might raise house prices even more . 
  looks like my holidays for next year is sorted . 
  do my own pub crawl but around germany and it 's less well known festivals . 
  drunken , obnoxious australians and brits who fistfight i 'm sorry . 
  well go get jiggy with it then . 
  i do n't get it ... 
  that 's nice of them . 
  yes , minister, 
  bavaria would be a good starting place . 
  i 've only been once and did n't really explore it as much as i wanted . 
  which ones would you recommend ? 
  looks like a normal night out here . 
  would love to go sometime tho . 
  obligatory : sir humphrey : minister , britain has had the same foreign policy objective for at least the last five hundred years : to create a disunited europe . 
  in that cause we have fought with the dutch against the spanish , with the germans against the french , with the french and italians against the germans , and with the french against the germans and italians . 
  divide and rule , you see . 
  why should we change now , when it 's worked so well ? 
  hacker : that 's all ancient history , surely ? 
  sir humphrey : yes , and current policy . 
  we ` had ' to break the whole thing [ the eec ] up , so we had to get inside . 
  we tried to break it up from the outside , but that would n't work . 
  now that we 're inside we can make a complete pig 's breakfast of the whole thing : set the germans against the french , the french against the italians , the italians against the dutch . 
  the foreign office is terribly pleased ; it 's just like old times . 
  hacker : but surely we 're all committed to the european ideal ? 
  sir humphrey : [ chuckles ] really , minister . 
  hacker : if not , why are we pushing for an increase in the membership ? 
  sir humphrey : well , for the same reason . 
  it 's just like the united nations , in fact ; the more members it has , the more arguments it can stir up , the more futile and impotent it becomes . 
  hacker : what appalling cynicism . 
  sir humphrey : yes ... we call it diplomacy , minister . 
  hah , you should never trust in intelligence . 
  it 's always going to be lopsided, 
  that was a quick u-turn . 
  broken britain . 
  even illegal immigrants want to leave us . 
  ever ? 
  i 'd vote the black death in recent times : world wars, 
  more bullshit identity politics my mp does not need to match my race/ethnicity/gender to represent me .
