  that interesting but why ? 
  so did i ... silly us for not catching up with the times, 
  yeah i do n't understand that either . 
  it is kind of nice the security she has of her british identity . 
  clearly has n't learned that talking on london transport is not done tho . 
  i judge the intelligence of people who pay a few quid for a bowl of cereal . 
  is it racism ? 
  i do n't think the black woman targeted her because they were n't black but because of religion . 
  what would it be called if she was shouting this to a black muslim ? 
  certainly would n't be racism, 
  are you serious ? 
  women can rape men . 
  he can be passed out and attacked or feed him viagra and then ride him . 
  that is rape . 
  authority wise , a woman can groom a young boy/teen . 
  that 's rape . 
  or she has a weapon or stronger . 
  a penis can be stimulated even against the person 's will . 
  ohh , that some do n't like seeing an animal killed/skinned but will eat it . 
  sure , i can agree with that . 
  i do n't mind either . 
  do they have to be alive ? 
  if so , i give up after uk . 
  stephen fry , hugh laurie , helena bonham carter, 
  is that supposed to put me off as a meat eater ? 
  he really is quite special . 
  four years . 
  2 term limit . 
  next election is 2016 . 
  scotland has a financial/services city but again , that may move dependent on currency agreements as london would most likely sucker them all back . 
  scotch and manufacturing ? 
  scotland has impressive research records . 
  i 'd be annoyed if it was n't moved in the event of independence . 
  portsmouth could benefit from it after the closures . 
  why ? 
  some european countries are closer relatives than others . 
  in my opinion , they are not all bad but there is enough to cause a ripple effect for radicalization . 
  qu ` ran illiteracy and imam 's who use that to their advantage is a problem that needs to be addressed, 
  i still do n't eat pork as i 'm so conditioned to feel sick just bring your own lunch into school . 
  simple solution, 
  how do they get in without passport ? 
  i have to produce mine going to france . 
  damn , that is high . 
  it 's up to other moderate muslims to de-radicalize and call out misconceptions within our own communities . 
  i was lucky - most of us went through their ` angry phase ' but my imam was logical and calmed down alot of people . 
  i cringe when i remember some of the things i used to say and feel . 
  one of the major problems that needs to be addressed - internally but with also law enforcement assistance is mosques that preach extremism and to shut them down . 
  roundabout with no exit ... interesting description and rather true . 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  this campaign is long overdue on drama, 
  unfortunately it 's going to be people like me that probably end up swaying the vote . 
  the undecided . 
  i 'm rather isolated from eu , i do n't `` feel '' close to it . 
  i like skipping the huge arse lines when going on holiday but do n't really know what the shadowy far away organization gets up to that is to my direct benefit . 
  unless our media reports it . 
  selling the `` united is better '' crap wo n't work . 
  address some of the concerns that constantly come up and get reforms to fix it . 
  why not both ? 
  certainly swayed undecided voters like me . 
  excellent argument . 
  seriously ? 
  there are many things to bollock the uk over but in world politics - soft and hard power we are top 5, 
  this is bullshit . 
  even back when i was a muslim , i loved my local churches . 
  the history and beauty of them, 
  why ? 
  i 'm not surprised the majority are tolerant . 
  i 'd guess the catholics angle changed in the last century or two . 
  i 'm not angry about him getting the million as compensation if he was wrongfully detained originally and with apparent collusion of british military . 
  if he has gone off to isis , good luck . 
  i hope he dies quickly, 
  i 'd hazard a guess that many eu counties - especially the smaller ones , would also love one too . 
  wait , what ?!, 
  i knew we misplaced a few countries . 
  god . 
  my sincere condolences turkey :(, 
  good thing i was late to buy a ticket . 
  i will cry when he passes away . 
  i can not imagine nature docs without his voice, 
  that is a worrying miscarriage of justice . 
  not by law but by attitudes . 
  landlords would not rent to ethnic minorities and society was very different on race relations . 
  racism . 
  many could n't live in areas . 
  laws have changed, 
  i 'm fucking stunned he has survived so long . 
  surely a mod should know between uk and england, 
  i 'll be fucking damned when my country takes integration lessons from hollande . 
  sort your own country out mate, 
  i prefer the term british-african american !, 
  in london , absolutely . 
  we have them in hipster places . 
  it 's up and coming . 
  vegetarianism is normal . 
  i can almost find my dot in the south :d it 's interesting the clusters that emerge . 
  ... this makes media studies seem like a valuable and worthwhile degree . 
  may as well make use of the facilities otherwise it 's just a waste, 
  this coming from the same fool who assisted in setting up two islamist governments in the world . 
  thanks for bringing them here also .
