  i suppose i could give up my opposition to marriage but that just seems alot of work to find a guy to marry . 
  i 'm just sad to be honest . 
  it 's been a good run having an eu passport :( i can only wish eu the best of luck for the future . 
  best of luck scotland, 
  oh i really hope eu countries do n't let him in . 
  no excuse . 
  should have grown a thicker skin and got the fuck over it . 
  he was just a pathetic criminal with a violent streak, 
  attacks in london has always been a reality and a possibility . 
  the game may have changed over the last few decades and the perpetrators but it 's not something london has always taken for granted and is well prepared for . 
  hardly a brand new thing for london . 
  my mayor is correct, 
  some panic due to the misinformation coming in ( power failure was one of the early excuses iirc ) and the attacks occurring in different areas of london . 
  it was eerily calm in the aftermath , i remember my sister worked near aldgate which was near one of the attacks and the office went to the pub and had to all walk long journeys home as parts of the network shut down . 
  but by the next day , all the services were back up and running ( except areas directly affected ) and it felt like a normal day but with more heightened awareness and security . 
  send who back exactly ? 
  indeed . 
  i doubt people will . 
  hopefully we react in london the same as we did after 7/7 . 
  you 're being a prick mate . 
  areas such as major train stations , important buildings ( parliament/embassies/bank of england etc. ), 
  all have armed police officers patrolling, 
  london key areas all have armed officers . 
  westminster is actually the most protected place . 
  armed police everywhere, 
  insane in the area , police are everywhere . 
  we knew it was a matter of time . 
  be safe fellow londoners, 
  i do n't agree . 
  no matter what happens in economic treaties we are putting thousands of people in an uncertain position . 
  we could have taken the higher ground but we chose not to, 
  i 'm so sad . 
  high level of bullshit by may . 
  i do n't believe people should ever be used as bargaining chips . 
  i was going to ask if you were drunk . 
  not judging , scotch drinker here, 
  if i did n't have a british passport , no bloody way would i be applying for it . 
  it 's a freaking headache, 
  labour has had a good run as a political party . 
  it 's been nice knowing them, 
  i 'm surprised some of them did n't get punched . 
  would have more been more than deserved, 
  i have no idea what to say to this . 
  this is odd, 
  i was pissed off at the ending of that movie . 
  clyde should have survived, 
  only parliament can make this change . 
  i do n't fault the judge for ruling as they did . 
  it 's called manners . 
  something clearly those waste of air evolutionary cul-de-sac pricks have none of . 
  what a fucking prick . 
  yep . 
  who can hate on jamie foxx ? 
  clearly wrong . 
  i 've been informed life is hell in sweden . 
  i knew it . 
  does he think we 're stupid ? 
  that is true . 
  for now we have the means to attract them . 
  then that 's fine !, 
  i 'd rather pay the bill if we get to claim the assets . 
  if we get no assets , then i 'm a little loathe to be the husband who gets nothing in the divorce settlement and the bills . 
  oh we are so screwed . 
  only mark carney is good out of the lot imo . 
  ah well that is different . 
  if we did sign on for costs - then of course we should technically honour those contracts . 
  i want money and stability in my life . 
  children are neither of those things, 
  not particularly fair then, 
  well i guess we should n't be surprised it 's going to be a nasty divorce . 
  are n't they all ? 
  a bargain !, 
  well of course it was the germans . 
  who else could it possibly be ? 
  best of luck germany . 
  hopefully it stays like this . 
  that is london prices . 
  that is the equivalent of just over 1k but still cheaper than you, 
  living in london ... what do you class as `` high '' ? 
  i 'm from london mate but i regard myself as british . 
  i want scotland to do well in the same way i 'd want ireland to do well or france . 
  it is not in my countries benefit ( imo ) to have our closest neighbours have a bad time . 
  i actually do n't wish for it worst ( after all i live here ) . 
  i only hope for scotland to do well . 
  we already know uk will suffer after brexit , i suffer under no illusion/delusion that eu will give us a better deal than we 've already had . 
  do n't get cocky . 
  after brexit and trump - i can no longer trust polling :(, 
  i actually really hope eu gives a fuck you to the rest of the uk and embraces scotland once they go independent . 
  i hope for the best of my favourite neighbours to the north, 
  we 'll see when eu fucks us over on trade ( as they have the right to ) how much the illusion of `` taking back control '' means when people lose their jobs . 
  some of our homegrown terrorists were more `` integrated '' and educated than normal . 
  i agree , that is the difference . 
  actually yes . 
  i 'm surprised you know this as i only found out through hours of tedious re lessons originally mecca was not the original focal point for prayers . 
  jerusalem was, 
  it 'll be interesting to see which eu countries benefit . 
  i kind of hope amsterdam/dublin/berlin does ( and that is partly my own bias ), 
  i did n't vote for this shit . 
  i 'm not sure which country companies here in the city will end up in . 
  probably one which is easiest to shift people to and from and not too crazy on regulations .
