  oh dear god . 
  if you are taking your information from this subreddit then i give up already . 
  oh piss off with that bollocks . 
  uk yes had moments when we 'd put our foot down but we were one of the few that also followed the damn rules . 
  it was not us that held back eu . 
  hell , it was uk that pushed for expansions . 
  who are you going to blame when your divides come about and you no longer have uk to point the finger to ? 
  france or germany ? 
  she 'd be stupid if she did . 
  it was a simpler time back then, 
  i doubt there will be much backlash against uk for doing this . 
  is she aware scotland is not an independent country ? 
  i do n't see why ni/ireland agreements should be ruined by this . 
  place controls between gb and ni if necessary . 
  may want ni 's agreement for that, 
  why is it racist ? 
  direct those queries to france . 
  uk ca n't go strolling into another european country and begin rounding people up . 
  those days are a little over, 
  uk is paying for it . 
  he 's going to be isolated in a very special cell  he can talk to the wall, 
  maximum sentence for treason is life imprisonment, 
  good . 
  piece of shit . 
  does it also make you dislike white people as they seem to be doing alot of the protesting on the news ? 
  no thanks on the first . 
  i 'm okay with the second . 
  yep . 
  not many black people in this blm protest which is just hilarious . 
  both political extremes are far far closer to each other than they are to the majority of people . 
  i guess everyone has to have a hobby . 
  i 'd have been pissed if my flight was delayed due to these fools, 
  i 'm so shocked that is not illegal . 
  due to the common language , we get alot of us news and influence . 
  more than we would from other european countries . 
  indeed . 
  entry points need to be investigated by the police . 
  it 's a good thing they were harmless but there are other people who have worse intent ... 
  this is just another fad that will hopefully fade . 
  i have no problem with protests but there does need to be tighter controls around what i 'd class critical infrastructure . 
  airports are on that list . 
  nope . 
  black and i think it 's retarded . 
  i have no idea why this has even crossed to uk . 
  hilarious thing is not alot of those protesters on the news are even black ... 
  i know we 're awesome but still not a good enough reason for us to allow ourselves to get an influx . 
  what 's wrong with netherlands that causes them to leave it ? 
  actually uk has absorbed huge amounts of immigrants that first gained citizenship in countries like yours . 
  why should n't eu countries ? 
  i feel bad i had to google all those places . 
  i really should venture beyond the city more, 
  if that clears your soul of dirty deeds sure . 
  i was thinking more of letting uk also set up controls on entry points beyond calais . 
  after all , it 's a symptom of a wider problem of a border weakness . 
  they do n't just sprout out of nowhere . 
  there are entry points, 
  i 'd block a majority of it if that occured . 
  but the easier solution can be giving uk more power to operate, 
  uk pays hefty amounts to france and assists as much as we 're allowed . 
  if france chooses to scrap the agreement . 
  that is their perogative . 
  but travel will become difficult between the areas, 
  may as well hand over all your border control to us . 
  after all , what are friends for if not to help, 
  let 's please not pretend both sides did not agree to this as it suited their interest . 
  uk has limited right to operate in france as agreed by your government . 
  the treaty allows both parties to operate checks in each others territory however uk funds heavy money to assist . 
  to try and say we bear a responsibility for france not turning off the tap the other end of their country is just denial . 
  we do not control french borders nor do we have influence on who they let in . 
  again - why is that uk 's fault ? 
  you know we have no duty to take them and uk has limited authority to assist as agreed by france . 
  wait , why is uk to blame because france fails to secure it 's borders and let 's them all in ? 
  yep . 
  unless france wants to hand over control of their border to uk ... 
  absolutely not . 
  they have a responsibility . 
  they 'd get further lobbying their government to cede more authority to uk to assist . 
  we only have limited access as per agreements, 
  why not blame their own government, 
  sure or there . 
  i can see the situation playing out . 
  whro 's : `` let them in '' uk : `` fuck off '' . 
  apart from crying to the press - they ca n't actually do anything to uk . 
  pretty much . 
  every country should be wanting to expand that area of business . 
  corbyn would never win in 2020 . 
  especially if he tried the immigration line - many brexit voters were also labour voters . 
  they should be claiming asylum in france . 
  i highly doubt uk would bow to that pressure . 
  that still would n't make a difference . 
  at the moment now uk assists with funding and guards due to agreement . 
  if that was scrapped and border checks moved . 
  uk would simple move to begin fines on any eurostar/transport that assisted in bringing people over to the uk under ilaw . 
  we 'd also have no obligation to let them in . 
  uk sold it 's shares in the eurostar , france still has a majority . 
  it 'd essentially be a fine on france for each person and without any help . 
  the reason this exists is that france is not defending it 's borders properly . 
  smart decision . 
  it was not her who made any of those pledges and she 'd be tying herself down to others if she begins honouring them . 
  it can only be election time .
