  it seems simple to me - do n't violate another countries airspace or run the risk of getting shot down . 
  you seriously think they are going to state it ? 
  i do n't want kids so basically i 'm screwed either way ? 
  who says life gets easier when you grow up ... 
  our youth will be the easy part . 
  it 's when we get old is when we are fucked . 
  no pension , social security or houses . 
  would love looser restrictions with commonwealth realms & us, 
  yep , it 's not like our currency has to change - it wo n't be a shock to our system, 
  well i do n't know about the rest of you but my heart bleeds for their plight . 
  i do n't eat alot ... which is probably a good thing because i hate exercise . 
  simple ? 
  how long does the breakfast alone take to prepare ? 
  undisclosed compensation ? 
  damn i wish an undercover officer would have a relationship with me . 
  breakfast : tea and a cigarette lunch : normally at the pub so a pie/sandwich dinner : salad as i 'm normally too lazy to cook . 
  please do n't . 
  i 'm dreading the next election . 
  i may end up in tears because of my options . 
  he may have made a failure in cycling etiquette ? 
  there is no video so i do n't know . 
  other than that . . maybe because he is a dimwitted cunt ? 
  hardly surprising and not worthy of press attention, 
  i 've just got bins back in some london stations , do n't make them take it away again !, 
  why are they so determined to ensure my 30 's is under a tory government as well ? 
  have i taken crazy pills or has the labour government ? 
  good for them . 
  i would have no problem at all if spain/france/germany etc. 
  set their own language requirements . 
  you do know this ruling does n't impact eu migration, 
  are you surprised ? 
  i would n't be shocked if we found out we have more . 
  i do n't think that requirement is much to ask for . 
  it 's expensive as hell to move to uk and sponsor a spouse/relative . 
  why is the line learning the language of the country to you ? 
  i think it 's safe to say deaf people will have their own exceptions when it comes to language requirements . 
  in my opinion and maybe i am harsh but if someone wishes to settle in the uk . 
  learning the language will demonstrate a long way during the application your willingness to integrate and assimilate into this country . 
  well done to the supreme court on a rule for common sense . 
  everyone should speak english , especially if you plan to settle here . 
  i have picked the wrong time to have holidays coming up . 
  to be honest - i do n't mind spending an extra 20 mins in security checks . 
  yep if you only have british citizenship . 
  none of the above . 
  does n't everyone shit gold ? 
  oh absolutely , it 'd be easier but uk would not oppose it . 
  we 'd have no reason to, 
  have a united european secret service . 
  dammit , it 's not uk holding it back . 
  as long as we do n't have to join , i doubt we 'd care . 
  you 'd no doubt realise , there are other hurdles to this union of secret services . 
  jail them there . 
  we 'll pay for the upkeep, 
  not possible . 
  too many hurdles to get over, 
  easy to do when the population is minuscule . 
  that is an interesting theory . 
  do you think it is more difficult for immigrants to identify themselves french/german / [ insert european nationality ] ? 
  and yet american/canadian muslims seem more integrated than british or french/german/swedish ones . 
  why ? 
  what is being done different ? 
  i mean rates of radicalism/extremism within the communities . 
  not terrorist attacks . 
  boots on the ground ? 
  no fucking way . 
  it is interesting observing this subreddit over the last few years . 
  i remember the hate brits used to get, 
  in this europe needs to learn from us/canada on integration . 
  why is it more likely to happen in some western countries more than others ? 
  it 's not just on us this mess . 
  so no . 
  then it 's a good idea if it passes their own parliament . 
  i 'm more concerned with oversight . 
  do it . 
  places that encourage radicalism should not be tolerated, 
  would n't be legal if they were left stateless . 
  i am not liking the high representation of uk on that map, 
  that is not accurate . 
  uk does share intel . 
  our 5 eyes agreement ( uk/us/au / nz/cn ) non-withstanding . 
  we also have a 9 eyes agreement with denmark , france , the netherlands and norway . 
  plus fourteen eyes agreement including germany , belgium , italy , spain and sweden, 
  what is his problem ? 
  is he trying to make himself unelectable ? 
  he is cute . 
  his age tho ... 29 and a minister ? 
  i would n't have guessed that to be the case, 
  now give us 10 points, 
  i 'm more worried about legislative consequences than attacks in london, 
  it 's hardly surprising they are ignoring the electorates mood, 
  well ... as excuses go . 
  it 's certainly unique . 
  when i 'm stressed , i have a bath or massage . 
  who knew there was a third option that resulted in death, 
  shame there are still countries in europe that this has n't occurred yet . 
  why does uk/europe ** have ** to play a role in stopping it ? 
  how about the countries in the region play a bigger role in their neighbourhood . 
  we can not be problem solvers for everything, 
  no one should be listening to saudi arabia . 
  i know how londoners will react - the same as they did in 05 .
