  do not rely on my city - london . 
  we 've had low turnout due to transport and weather issues, 
  too early, 
  its already started and we 're nowhere near the finish line, 
  will do !, 
  i decided remain at the ballot box . 
  leave camp is on the other side - almost split 50/50, 
  at the pub watching this live . 
  will happily update ( when i remember ) on reactions, 
  not legally binding iirc, 
  that is what would worry me . 
  if uk does vote remain - it does n't mean we 're any happier . 
  it 'd give politicians the ammo to ignore the concerns, 
  i 'd consider that an abdication of duty . 
  spoiling ballots is suited to elections and not referendums, 
  blame god . 
  the rain may have an impact on turnout, 
  i do n't want a federal europe . 
  i think that fear is at the heart of leave the slow removal of power from nations to the body . 
  i still have n't decided which way i will vote and no matter what side succeeds . 
  there will need to be changes to rectify this disconnect, 
  still have n't committed to either side and i 've ran out of time . 
  i guess it 'll come down to gut feeling when i 'm at the booth, 
  status quo will have the edge, 
  dammit ireland . 
  stop making the rest of us look bad . 
  i would n't expect anything else, 
  i 've received a few of those and all ended up in the bin, 
  this is the only time i 'll say this . 
  i 'd rather stick with cameron, 
  i 'm rather sad that this is probably the best ` remain ' video during this entire embarrassing campaign, 
  call me crazy but maybe they just sent their best and it happened to be men ... 
  it may help encourage others to spend more on their military . 
  uk will always remain in nato no matter the result on thurs. 
  what stops the rest of eu going ahead with it ? 
  with or without the uk ? 
  aw , now i regret throwing my euro coins away, 
  love owen jones . 
  great reading choice, 
  i 'm up all night for the referendum debate but i 'll be in the pub watching it live . 
  not sure how much use i will be but still happy to help . 
  that is what makes this particularly worrying . 
  best thing i have seen in the embarrassment that has been this referendum debate . 
  oh god . 
  her poor children and husband, 
  no one will know the consequences until it happens . 
  good . 
  some of my european friends here who have been given a uk passport and have the right to vote - are voting to leave . 
  wtf ? 
  i have no problem with an eu army as long as no country is forced to participate . 
  people have a tendency to overestimate . 
  agreed . 
  i do n't consider ireland an ally . 
  ni is naturally, 
  uk : ca n't choose between our anglosphere ( us/australia/canada / nz ), 
  you retarded cunt . 
  we banned ours from travelling - those abroad are n't our hooligans, 
  this will end badly . 
  almost makes me wish the government would give back our banned lot their passports one last time, 
  i really hope this is not serious . 
  how quickly people forget the 1999 bombing in the heart of our gay community, 
  the actual scary thing is that the sun has a pretty good track record of backing the winning side . 
  i hope they are disqualified . 
  unfortunately it is only within the stadium - which is understandable, 
  ahhh i see . 
  sorry i did n't know it was so separated . 
  no point in starting a prayer room then . 
  besides in islam , you can make up your prayers at a later time, 
  that is what happened in my school . 
  there was a prayer room for all religions . 
  they could go there to pray during break and lunch . 
  not sure what the big deal is . 
  too late to do proxy votes . 
  guess i 'll have to drag them along to the polling booth . 
  i regret not bringing a coat today :(, 
  daily mail . 
  i do n't understand the deportation angle . 
  can europe not deport british citizens back and vice versa ? 
  we 're pretty good outside of europe . 
  not sure what happens once we touch down the continent . 
  i think it 's because it 's cheap ( er ) than uk and the inhibitions is so much lower, 
  do n't forget hen do 's . 
  better start investing in male strip clubs , 
  can we get kicked out of eurovision instead ? 
  i 've registered them to vote . 
  i wo n't give them an option of not voting - even if they go in and spoil the ballot . 
  been trying to get my siblings to register . 
  their response ? 
  dgaf i wish i could vote on their behalf . 
  well i have no idea tbh . 
  we have general register office that records births/deaths/marriages etc. 
  i do doubt uk government has it centralized . 
  it can be found probably from many different sources ( dvla/nhs/local councils/schools ) and you may get a bigger picture . 
  well if they have a name and correct address ... 
  i guess nothing much would stop them theoretically . 
  the electoral commission is pretty good tho . 
  why would you need id to vote ? 
  you have your poll card . 
  we 're all about security :p, 
  addresses change. , that is why everyone has to register to vote and update the information before any elections .
