  this should have been solved by common sense . 
  asked or forced . 
  no country would house them without significant funds . 
  what is the gap that allows them to leave the eu and then re-enter ? 
  what prevents the next million coming through turkey ? 
  sometimes it surprises me how little i know about the history of our nearest neighbour . 
  oh i 'm sorry - would you prefer turkey to not do anything ? 
  and why should they do europe 's border control for them without money ? 
  get on the greek islands - they should n't be getting anywhere near the continent . 
  greece can look after the islands if the mainland borders are more heavily fortified with more money and assistance poured into turkey . 
  enough bullshit and pussy-footing around it . 
  i 'd prefer uk ( or another country which is willing to lead ) play a larger role in just mobilizing the military with others to protect the borders in eu ( for money ofc ), 
  you have got to be kidding me . 
  did we hand back our opt-out while i was sleeping ? 
  london was a financial centre before eu existed and it will remain . 
  new york and hong kong will take london 's business before any other european city can . 
  every country has black spots in it 's past . 
  i do n't think uk will repeat it 's history . 
  i think we 've learned from it . 
  and here is me bitching about how damn cold london is at a -1, 
  how nice . 
  still not getting falklands tho . 
  i like that us is shaping the world and uk influence is there from its birth . 
  the language in particular, 
  in a time of this being common - its an impressive feat . 
  stop inviting them with open borders then . 
  sorry love . 
  it 's not that i do n't like you ... it 's just different . 
  they just `` get me '' y' know ? 
  what a stupid individual . 
  i think you are right . 
  i do trust scotland , wales , n ireland more than i would any eu country . 
  perhaps but you can not retrospectively strip citizenship without a damn good reason . 
  supreme court would most likely strike it down anyway . 
  it has been educated individuals who did speak english who blew themselves up in uk, 
  it does seem more pronounced in asian muslim communities, 
  it 'd have to be a blanket change . 
  applicable to eu citizens as well . 
  it would n't pass parliament, 
  landlocked ... 
  i do n't like it . 
  the majority have citizenship or born in the uk . 
  you can not deport british citizens from uk . 
  er ... what about her bloody constituents ?!, 
  you do not represent yourself when voting . 
  this is a great idea . 
  my local council used to have these courses specifically for immigrant women to learn english and maths . 
  as more than often when i used to volunteer - it was their husbands who knew english and would sometimes encourage them not to learn or prevent them . 
  not knowing the language of a country severely restricts their freedom and ability to interact - call the police when necessary , day to day life is much harder and keeps them dependent on their husband to translate for them and frankly at their mercy . 
  what is the point of it then ? 
  we all know it wo n't pass but it will be amusing to observe mps discuss it as if it 's a serious option . 
  saw this - it was alright i guess . 
  i 've never heard of it so ca n't speak about it 's popularity here . 
  it may sway some - but those who were on the fence towards leaning anyway . 
  i honestly do not think the majority of the british public will base it on emotion . 
  i do think pragmatic views will win at the end of the day and what is considered best for uk . 
  sure - if i can represent uk and show up occasionally to oppose things :p, 
  good for them . 
  i hope they succeed in the goals which ultimately is for all of our benefit . 
  i do not want overworked and underpaid doctors potentially caring for me . 
  sadly yes . 
  my friends and i ( all women if it matters ) normally book around bank holidays for long weekends and week long holiday . 
  they have veto 'd some of the countries that have had recent problems . 
  portugal will be lovely to explore tho - so there is that, 
  someone dropped the ball, 
  pragmatism will win on both sides of this debate and negotiation . 
  it 's getting rather boring hearing this . 
  do people actually think brits think about the empire often ? 
  enough to collapse the world economy ? 
  our ego may increase at that statement, 
  how about both sides stfu for now . 
  please crash in 2-4 years time when i 'm ready to buy :(, 
  i 'm surprised royalty did n't have immunity . 
  i ca n't see prince charles/william ever going on trial if it was n't deemed serious ( murder etc. ), 
  no idea what it is \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  why has it taken so long for us to hear about this ? 
  is the media too scared to report it ? 
  i 'm not sure what the reaction would have been if this occurred in london for example . 
  public would be pissed off and expect it to be dealt with harshly . 
  the met police would have been called to answer to parliament committee as to how this occurred ( mps raising police numbers and how many were on the street ) police patrols would increase for a while and it 'd be a noticeable increase of night patrols . 
  pmq 's would have blown up and both sides attacking the other - tory cuts to police would be raised . 
  calls for shutting down of our border would have occurred . 
  london mayoral candidates would be asked for their stance/opinion and dragged into it . 
  attitudes of our newspapers : daily mail - screaming about how they saw this coming and warned us all of a demographic time bomb . 
  the guardian - hand-wringing and trying very hard to not name the perpetrators country of origin . 
  telegraph - salivate probably at the fact the eu referendum is coming up and that cameron would have to negotiate harder for border control . 
  the polls would show a marked increase for leaving eu . 
  good for them . 
  do n't have children but is leaving it alone for an hour `` neglect '' ? 
  there is little option of multi-date exams as it 'd damage the exams credibility so not sure what other options other than tweaking the timetable was open to the examiners . 
  have any questions ? 
  ( where will you be going ? ), 
  it 's up to the german people to reign in their government and decisions but this is a high level of fucked up . 
  i hope they can not gain passports yet to move around . 
  good for them . 
  i fully support them, 
  do n't worry - we 'll still visit you . 
  for the weed ( and other lovely sites ), 
  i 'd rather take them and jail them so they ca n't wander off anywhere else . 
  we 're not going anywhere .
