  legally you have to be 18 i guess but age does n't really make a difference . 
  i tend to drink cider or whisky . 
  pretty much everyday ( lunchtime and i 'm off to the pub ), 
  hard not to be with our house prices for owners . 
  sure , come on over . 
  oh i know , i look like an idiot diving away when it 's just a fly . 
  horrible bastards . 
  ignore anyone that is trying to change it . 
  continue especially if it 's for food . 
  alot of muslims are illiterate when it comes to the qu ` ran so not that surprising . 
  bees and wasps i guess ? 
  deers - but that is probably due to the amount of collisions that occur, 
  if you are from a well known monarch then yes . 
  i doubt if they visited many other european countries and sat in a park , many people would recognize them . 
  mate ... seriously ? 
  good luck getting into the uk, 
  not ashamed of my countries history as it was not my generation . 
  i would not change it either if i could as it contributed to the world today . 
  i hold the opinion that the empire did more good than bad overall . 
  on the bright side we only have two more years of this . 
  not very accepted . 
  for good reason in my experience as a pedestrian . 
  weekend and stupid hot atm . 
  perfect beer garden weather, 
  what a rather idiotic suggestion . 
  oh piss off . 
  we 're losing our prudity ? 
  score !, 
  i 'd take the expensive bill in that case, 
  careful mate , that sort of talk can get you on a banned list . 
  so many americans in london i barely notice the accent anymore as it 's just the norm . 
  i have no problem with nato . 
  i 'm leaning towards staying in the eu but i have not yet researched enough to make a decision . 
  as far as i was aware , overseas territory are not included . 
  there are geographic limitations on invoking . 
  article 5, 
  there is no united eu at the moment ( there was difficulties fixing the crisis with the currency , imagine the difficulty and logistics of fighting a war ) for a united army to be successful , there has to be common defence/foreign policies across all nations in eu . 
  who decides when an eu armed forces should intervene ? 
  the leaders of every country ? 
  majority vote ? 
  what if those with the strongest armies say no ( or yes ) . 
  will every country be forced to still go along with it ? 
  funding targets ? 
  overseas territory may be a problem for france/uk who would fight to protect it . 
  who would lead this united army ? 
  europe as a whole seems far less reactive than us and there would be a structural problem that would need to be addressed . 
  consensus requires diplomacy and if required , quick decisions would need to be made . 
  all that being said , i 'd have no problem with a eu army . 
  as long as uk remains as it is . 
  tldr ; a european army would mirror the current dissent between member states . 
  loved growing up in london . 
  used my free travel and spend weekends wandering around the capital and parks . 
   by and large the ` establishment parties ' ( lib/lab/con ) are completely unwilling to commit to either side of the debate ( and alienate voters ) , and either refuse to provide many policies ( ld ) , or make all their policies extremely vague ( con ) . 
  ukip and the greens elaborate on their policies to a greater degree and have much more coherent long term plans . 
  it 's possible that the labour approach will change if corbyn is elected leader . 
  i expect the labour policy will change after the leadership election depending on who wins ( most likely corbyn ) . 
  i 'm surprised the tories are still vague on immigration . 
  i 'm not that surprised unfortunately . 
  from uk - specifically london . 
  immigration has been more beneficial and positive rather than negative on the city on the whole . 
  it 's impact can be seen through our boroughs . 
  yes there is strains on housing , public services but that it can be argued it is equally in part of poor investments over a period of governments . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  fellow member of labour party . 
  worried as hell :( seeing alot of idealistic friends on fb lauding him as a saviour . 
  i 'm utterly shocked that a politician would stoop this low . 
  i have not yet fully decided on a yes/no side i have been keeping one eye on this for a while and been watching it unfold and just feel a little sorry for greece . 
  this does not paint eu in a good light . 
  honestly , it kinda plays off as going beyond just trying to balance the books to actually attempting to humiliate . 
  i 'm a little horrified observing the lack of respect of greece 's sovereignty ( which for me i do have an emotional attachment to the idea of british sovereignty ) . 
  i do n't think the idea of `` european unity '' exists in it 's current format observing this ... 
  it needs heavy change . 
  but ultimately , i think the british will be pragmatic . 
  it will depend on what changes are made and reforms . 
  nicely played and very true . 
  slipper , belt , cord or stick, 
  as someone who generally does n't care about eu ( positive or negative ) . 
  i 'd rather know clearly and without bs what remaining a `` member of the european union '' entails and what other eu countries wants from us . 
  i 'd also want to know what powers back/opts out we 'll be trying to negotiate . 
  in typical uk style , i just wo n't show up . 
  i do love cheap alcohol tho . 
  take pictures, 
  please do n't do that . 
  oh god , i forgot we wo n't even escape it after the vote :(, 
  succinct summary of the general attitude to the referendum . 
  i wish it was vote day already so we can move on . 
  and disabled . 
  essentially anyone at a physical disadvantage . 
  that would include individuals from both genders and children . 
  well ... children should be first before women or men . 
  i did n't realize there was even disagreement on that . 
  that is so interesting . 
  i wonder if any studies/books have been done on it . 
  it would raise alot of society changes if men choose not to marry . 
  i do n't know benefits to marriage - i 'm too young to be thinking about it . 
  i 'd rather avoid it until i 'm maybe 40 or never . 
  i have to ask out of curiosity - why do you think men still get married then if the stacks are against them from the beginning ? 
  we should frame it as those who choose to wear the hijab/religious dress . 
  muslim women who do n't probably not as disadvantaged in getting hired .
