  i hope her offer gets rejected, 
  just do n't get caught . 
  i did n't realise how much i loved my school uniform and how much it helped getting ready in the morning until i was in college . 
  school uniforms were no longer mandatory at that age . 
  wore it from 5/6 till i was 16 . 
  my getting ready time pretty much tripled and my clothing budget . 
  makes it exceptionally harder to truant as well when police can stop you . 
  yeah but you get an irish passport . 
  the rest of us are just boned . 
  this is just cringing . 
  oh wow , they checked ?!, 
  that is outrageous . 
  we had to buy branded blazers for example from a specific shop as it had the school crest . 
  however those that could n't afford it , could buy the same colour blazer and they 'd be given the school crest badge to be ironed/stitched on . 
  skirts/dresses could be bought cheaply at any shop . 
  i remember that night . 
  drinking whisky and cursing out my fellow countrymen . 
  nothing much has changed . 
  i actually like and support school uniforms . 
  i just think some of the rules need tweaking like it did a few decades ago when girls were n't allowed to wear trousers . 
  we were only allowed skirts, 
  good . 
  it 's a horribly outdated rule . 
  why do you think tories have not done their usual ` stab each other in the back for leadership ' . 
  they fear another election . 
  that is what is protecting may, 
  better choice considering the options . 
  i ca n't exactly chat shit about other countries leaders at the moment considering my own ... 
  what a laughable offer . 
  i hope she gets rejected . 
  indeed . 
  thank god they were awake , i can only imagine the death toll would be higher if they were not awake for ramadan and did not alert their neighbours . 
  i think he 's responded very well as my mayor . 
  he can not allocate blame until an investigation is complete especially considering it 's an area that is under tory control . 
  she has the right to try to form a gov. 
  first . 
  only when they fail can labour try . 
  no more general elections until the 5 years are up . 
  what happens after another tory leadership battle and the survivor wants his/her own mandate ?!, 
  i am not going to the damn polls again for a ge for 5 years . 
  pretty much . 
  my god are the british public a fickle bunch !, 
  i 'd actually prefer that . 
  if we get another referendum in the next 20 years , i may just snap, 
  i 'll take merkel . 
  fine . 
  one more time . 
  i 'm bloody tired of elections and referendums . 
  i 'm just tired from what feels like non-stop electioneering since 2014 . 
  i need a 5 year break from democracy . 
  i 'm tired , long queue at my polling station and it rained . 
  well she may yet surprise us and win a landslide . 
  i honestly thought this election would be the most boring one ever . 
  this is even more of a wild ride than any recently . 
  the gap is narrowing, 
  my sympathies manchester . 
  too extreme for my liking . 
  well they 're all shit . 
  i feel spoilt for choice . 
  you and me both mate . 
  i highly doubt it will but i am always open to being wrong . 
  perhaps in europe but that will never happen globally as long as us remain a superpower . 
  protecting the other remaining countries interests is not bullying . 
  it 's bloody common sense . 
  okay to take a paycheck from eu but draw the line at flags ... 
  not this much tbh . 
  it 's exhausting, 
  the list is just growing, 
  i voted labour and ca n't stand the guy . 
  hopefully after the ge arse kicking . 
  awesome . 
  pretty much my reaction except ending with ` ffs ', 
  it 'll require a vote in house of commons to give may the ability to call an election . 
  sure tories have a slim majority , may is aiming for a strong majority and the added bonus of ensuring we ca n't vote until 2022 . 
  after all negotiations are over, 
  i think i 'd hurt myself if we had to do that . 
  i 'll be thrilled if the next referendum occurs after my death or in 50 years . 
  whichever comes first, 
  rebuild what ? 
  i like your confidence/delusion, 
  i 'd love to vote but i 'll be in bed that day, 
  how often do they vote ? 
  sure it 's great . 
  when it 's once every 5 years, 
  that is all our news is going to be filled with for the next few months . 
  oh god and the people knocking on the door, 
  at least i 'd get a break from elections, 
  took me a good year to get over that and all the run up to the vote . 
  it felt never ending, 
  may 2015 - general election . 
  may 2016 - local elections . 
  may 2016 - london mayor election . 
  june 2016 - eu referendum . 
  march 2017 - ni elections . 
  may 2017 - local elections . 
  june 2017 - general election . 
  i 'm tired . 
  someone make it stop, 
  great . 
  they get a landslide and the left get annihilated .
