  but i can also see potential benefits . 
  government 's would essentially get a heads up on what would be impacting the country in the future and nhs resources etc. 
  could be diverted to catch it before it became an issue or fund it correctly . 
  so very true . 
  honestly that is a better argument against mandatory testing than hogwash over a child 's right to `` genetic privacy '' . 
  it should be part of a wider full genetic test . 
  it makes sense to have a full screening anyway to ensure health and map out any predisposition to genetic disease/disorders etc. 
  that can only be a benefit, 
  if we make it clear those that are lgbt etc. 
  inclined will be given priority . 
  people will lie to get to the front of the queue . 
  i do n't blame them if they wish to gain access but it would be very difficult to essentially discriminate between the refugees . 
  it is very difficult to be a minority within essentially a minority group . 
  i know many gay muslims who require protection from basically their own community . 
  i did n't realize there was such a huge discrepancy . 
  why should the guy care if it impacts a child that is not his ? 
  again - not his problem . 
  societies maybe , the guy who knocked her up originally ? 
  definitely . 
  but not the guy whose child it is not . 
  it should not even be an option to sue - it should be mandatory at the point of birth or even prior to that . 
  the interest of the man should also be a priority . 
  it is the mother 's choice and decision to carry the child to full term knowing it is not his . 
  why should the guy pay for her mistake and lies ? 
  let her shoulder the responsibility she chose if the child suffers it 's unfortunate but again not his problem . 
  the shopkeeper was the best representation of moderate muslims and those you want to be part of your country . 
  what a senseless death . 
  you should never feel silly for that . 
  it is completely logical . 
  it is the height of selfishness and a level of callousness if a woman tries to pass off another man 's child to her partner without his consent or knowledge . 
  i 'd frame it as part of a wider genetic scan that 'd check for diseases etc. 
  i do n't understand why it should not be routine anyway . 
  i 'd liken it to insurance and a prenup . 
  you do n't ever want anything bad to occur but it 's great for peace of mind for both parties . 
  what the fuck !, 
  how is that moral ? 
  why is this even in place ? 
  so if a woman cheats and the guy finds out after the child is born - he is on the hook but not the guy who knocked her up originally ? 
  luckily for me i have a vagina but does it make me a bad person that i 'd probably sneakily test my brothers future children ? 
  holy crap . 
  paternity test should be mandatory for all . 
  direct rule is very rarely used because they trust us to not abuse that power and we have n't for the most part . 
  they are self-governing territories and for corbyn to try and suggest we should impose rule on them is deplorable . 
  our overseas territories are useful in the event of anything occurring that impacts uk security on a world wide scale . 
  it 's suitable for us to have strategically placed locations . 
  do n't get me wrong - i love visiting europe for holidays . 
  just would n't live there . 
  i 'm too damn lazy to learn another language . 
  i 'd actually rather like the idea but would n't it make the counting more difficult, 
  common sense and our relations with a large amount of non-western countries . 
  you do n't see us doing anything with saudi arabia but we do love them buying our weapons and selling oil . 
  there used to a time when i once cared over the result . 
  i am so apathetic on this , i 'm too tired to even make a decision on which way to vote . 
  i 'll probably end up regretting it - no matter which way i vote, 
  who is he kidding ? 
  ofc we will if it suits us to . 
  i refreshed 3 times as i thought something was wrong with my browser . 
  i draw the line at learning a new national anthem tho . 
  no idea . 
  currently having fun on our bank holiday easter weekend . 
  fri and mon off . 
  because underneath it all is an insecurity . 
  it 's also as if i 'm a traitor , i 'm disliked more than someone who was never a muslim because i apparently knew the truth and still turned my back on it . 
  when i think of a moderate muslim , i think of people like my mum - her faith is a private thing but whenever i have raised contradicting verses etc. 
  she 'd wave it away and say there is a deeper understanding that i do n't get . 
  it 's never been challenged properly so there is no need to justify/re-interpret the text, 
  urgh , fuck that guy . 
  pretty accurate . 
  when i first started years ago going to talks etc. 
  i was in the awkward position of now being called either racist or my opinion would be downplayed as it did n't fit . 
  no worries mate, 
  grew up in london , i was a ` muslim ' but culturally really . 
  apart from holidays , i did n't really practice . 
  i 'd step foot in a mosque once a year for eid . 
  i wanted to learn more about it after it took more presence in our news as i knew very little . 
  ironically me learning and reading the qu ` ran , going to masjid and mosque was the trigger to me thinking ` this is n't for me ' and doubting it . 
  some of the hadiths and just general attitudes i encountered turned me off . 
  i could n't reconcile the text with my very liberal upbringing -- one honestly had to give or i had some pretty large mental gymnastics to perform to make it fit . 
  to stay a muslim , i had to believe and accept the qu ' ran . 
  i was n't willing to do that . 
  to be absolutely blunt -- as an educated female , i will not accept a religion which essentially tells me i am inferior to a man . 
  difficult mentally ? 
  very but more to the point , none of my family know i have left islam . 
  i know it would cause a shitstorm and one i 'm not sure i 'm prepared yet to face it . 
  unfortunately for a religion that likes to pretend it provides choice and there is no ` force in converting ' -- it punishes apostasy . 
  we 're just lovely like that ... despite the fact you once desecrated blessed tea , 
  eh there is alot of truth in that . 
  i know when i used to be a muslim i had no care for any country ( still do n't ) for any me country . 
  then again i 'm not arab ... so i dunno how much that affects it . 
  my mum always used to say africa has enough shit to deal with , it does n't need to add me into it and it 's not our problem or business . 
  the fuck does israel have to do with the attacks ? 
  what an asinine woman . 
  not gon na complain about it now , how did going the other way work for other european cities ... 
  absolutely . 
  not sure why you are being downvoted for saying the truth . 
  i have every confidence in gchq to pick this up . 
  if one does slip past the net , i 'm sure we will react the same as 7/7, 
  humour is a coping mechanism and an excellent one . 
  i mean within the country itself . 
  a time to mourn and reflect then decisions can be made with a clearer head .
