  poor london/nireland and scotland . 
  i do n't get it , read the article and when did he have to choose between them both ? 
  he could have kept his mouth shut , been religious and got money to play . 
  unless i 'm missing something big . 
  also very true . 
  i know but there is little we can do about it . 
  our government has made that decision, 
  i doubt eu cares about what boris has to say . 
  oh i 'm under no illusion but if it was n't us , it 'd be another country . 
  money is money ... 
  you know , i kind of miss those days when the only time we were on the news was because we were invading a country . 
  such simpler times . 
  this is so stupid . 
  cornwall . . why am i not surprised lol, 
  well is n't this nice . 
  time for europe to enforce restriction of european data being kept there . 
  we 're on the road to a mental breakdown . 
  perhaps we should take a step back from centre stage . 
  you bloody fool . 
  we are in a representative democracy . 
  not a direct democracy . 
  go back to school and learn about your own country, 
  it 's really not . 
  we 're not bloody switzerland with direct democracy . 
  it 's pretty simple - for article 50 to be triggered . 
  it requires our parliament to vote for it . 
  nothing more or less . 
  parliament is sovereign . 
  do n't worry . 
  that will probably be gone one day . 
  i ca n't imagine trusting our politicians or institutions, 
  eh , i 'd say the people and our apathy and distrust, 
  i disagree . 
  my mp is elected to make informed decisions on our behalf for our greater benefit and sometimes that means going against us, 
  no it has n't . 
  the referendum is not legally binding . 
  it requires parliament for that to occur . 
  does n't matter . 
  it is a non-binding referendum . 
  it requires the authority of parliament . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  time to step up europe . 
  they 're going to have plug the gap while uk/us have a mid-life crisis, 
  pretty much . 
  it has been hilarious seeing them trying to turn this on eu . 
  elected supreme court petitions across twitter . 
  what a joke, 
  all referendums in uk are non-binding for a reason . 
  it requires an act of parliament, 
  very astute . 
  that is similar to what is occurring now by opposition parties . 
  i 'm actually researching those 3 opposing . 
  i have no idea how they could have reached that conclusion, 
  i think it will be the worst decision cameron has made in his premiership and judged as history as so . 
  but i have a level of sympathy for him . 
  he was leading a very divided country, 
  currently yes until parliament ( both commons and lords ) enacts and approves the law to change this . 
  absolutely . 
  we are a representative parliamentary democracy . 
  direct referendums are rare for a reason, 
  technically yes . 
  the pm can not revoke it until it 's passed parliament but that would throw us into a constitutional crisis, 
  oh i agree , she could have done this much smarter . 
  i have no idea what she was thinking in trying to bypass parliament . 
  it 'd have a set a dangerous precedent as well . 
  she 'd try to use her royal prerogative powers that would allow her to essentially bypass parliament to trigger article 50 . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is one of the key principles of uk 's constitutions and legal system . 
  parliament is the supreme authority in the uk and can pass or revoke any laws . 
  however the sc has ruled that withdrawal from eu will cause a fundamental shift in our constitution and law ( due to the 1972 act ) so the repeal of it or any change to that status quo can only be made by parliament . 
  absolutely correct ruling . 
  parliament is sovereign . 
  fuck you may for trying to circumvent them . 
  aside from our arrogance ? 
  delusion ? 
  the sheer audacity of us leaving a club then basically demanding special privilege and access into it . 
  pissing off the other countries we need onside ? 
  the fact that as far as i can see and would glean from theresa may and her recent speeches . 
  we actually have no plan to try and deal with this and if this is an example of our negotiating tactics then god help us . 
  i suppose the only bright side is after inauguration , hopefully trump will take some of the spotlight from us . 
  i wish our downfall was in a world without media ... 
  this is just embarrassing, 
  should have kept my shinies :(, 
  this will take years to implement but some of us were aware and predicted this ... but of course , project fear . 
  thank you for the clarification, 
  well ... yes . 
  the elected representative does have a say over trade deals . 
  it 's really not relevant . 
  i wish i could say it 's not surprising but please do not sink to our level of shit . 
  shit , we hate swedes now ? 
  i can not keep up with this shit . 
  out of curiosity/ignorance - if someone is married legally and gay in an eu country like ireland - would their marriage be recognised and protected if they moved to another eu country where national law opposes it ? 
  yes , because your country not being worst than saudi arabia is always what we should aim for . 
  i 'm sorry but until the situation is untenable and a threat to security , that is still not acceptable excuse to use westminster powers over the assembly . 
  i would n't be happy with uk pushing direct rule on any area of our devolved assemblies unless the situation is critical and a threat to security on the whole . 
  we 've learned our lesson . 
  shit , there is no way i 'd want a uk government getting involved in local issues until it gets critical . 
  especially in ni to be honest . 
  that area of the country only needs some bad actions to align to trigger a gunpowder , it was n't that long ago the problems occurred . 
  british direct action will do more harm than anything else . 
  there is little chance of a united rule with ireland unless the unionists agree to it , we have done too much work to go back .
