  i had an english teacher a while ago who lived here for more than 20 years and still did n't speak dutch . 
  he/she probably did n't have the drive to learn it . 
  dutch is one of the easiest languages to learn for english speakers . 
   that 's been disproven over the past few years . 
  it certainly has n't . 
  a child will pick up a second language much more quickly than an adult . 
  because it is n't comparable . 
  russia has states as well . 
   i think it 's also why we do so well as a country ( not the best , but well ) . 
  we 're not as educated as europe . 
  we do n't have as much in the way of infrastructure or research either . 
  the us does do certain things better than everyone else . 
  i do n't understand where the idea of the us `` not being as educated '' or `` not having as much in the way of research '' come from . 
  the us outputs more research and has made more advances in technology and medicine in recent decades than any country in the world . 
  europe is too diverse to describe it as `` more educated '' . 
  without qualification , i do n't think i understand the question . 
  obviously success is n't wholly determined by forces outside our control . 
  neither is it the biggest factor in most cases . 
  as it stands , i would answer `` no '' to that question despite recognising that some people strike lucky . 
   that might be more true now [ it 's not even true now . 
  ] ( http://scotgoespop.blogspot.co.uk/2013/04/yougov-poll-on-attitudes-to-mrs.html ), 
  i 've never seen a kitchen sink in britain that did n't have a mixer tap . 
  actually , that part is true . 
  not really . 
  sure , you can find a lot worse but `` beautiful '' is not a word i would use to describe cramped , slightly scruffy terraced housing . 
  why is that so impossible to comprehend ? 
  `` the unionists '' ? 
  it 's a group of scumbag thugs and nothing more . 
   mr berlusconi is certain to appeal the conviction and pending the appeal will not go to jail . 
   if he loses that , he will have recourse to a second appeal , which would be heard by italy 's supreme court . 
   the whole process could drag the case out for years . 
  the most depressing part of that article . 
  i 'm not referring specifically to travelling . 
  it 's very common to hear things like `` the education system in education '' , `` internet access in europe '' , `` tv in europe '' , which is completely meaningless given the diversity across the continent concerning such issues . 
  it was n't a eurosceptic comment , though . 
  lumping europe together as though it were one country is bizarre . 
  i would n't talk about my experiences in mexico by referring to it as `` north america '' . 
  but are you asking about the debates in each individual country or just those that ate discussed in the eu parliament ( which is n't the same as europe ) ? 
  the issues you raised are n't europe-wide issues . 
  it does n't make sense to talk about european political attitude to them because they are handled on a country by country basis . 
  it 's a valid complaint so i do n't know why that matters . 
  why are you adding taxes to the american price ? 
  you need to subtract vat form the uk price to make a comparison . 
  after doing that , we are paying # 35 more in the uk , which is n't that bad to be honest . 
  usually we get completely shafted . 
  not true at all . 
  there are very few countries in the world which have higher average wages than the us . 
  when you take into account living costs , they 're almost number 1 . 
   i 'm probably not alone in saying that the eu is horrible to say that is harsh would be an understatement . 
  i 'm certainly not the eu 's biggest supporter , but the eu is still an excellent institution in many ways . 
  why would you like that ? 
  that sounds so inconvenient . 
  i also do n't believe it . 
  if it 's a narrow road and there are no cars in sight , there 's no reason not to cross . 
  i do n't know why that 's relevant . 
  the uk government , quite rightly , recently apologised for its treatment of alan turing despite his suicide being several decades ago . 
  you can stand up for what it is right while still pointing the finger . 
  indeed it is not , and still there is nothing wrong with nationalizations . 
  oxford spelling . 
  look it up . 
  weird ? 
  it 's pretty standard in many parts of the world . 
  the average speed can not be that high . 
  is that really bad ? 
  there are parts of every country where that sort of speed is all that 's available and 9 $ is not a lot . 
  not necessarily . 
  if you are n't earning a high salary , goods in a country with a high pp are very expensive . 
  i do n't think you understand what ppp is . 
  it 's not like red = good and blue = bad . 
  well done denmark . 
  it was an interesting eurovision . 
  how hungary got any points at all , never mind 84 , i have no fucking idea . 
  at least we beat france and germany . 
  what does his badge say ? 
  montenegro 's shitty green screen and echo . 
  lol . 
  12 points to hungary . 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  it was a shit song . 
  double figures !, 
  `` hashtag beautiful girl . '', 
  this guy makes me cringe . 
  10 points to hungary ?!, 
  what . 
  the . 
  i genuinely thought that hungary would get 0 points . 
  it was unquestionably the worst , most boring eurovision song i 've ever heard . 
  how they 've already got 26 points i have no fucking idea . 
  why on earth is greece getting so many points ? 
  since when has the uk ever given a fuck about eurovision ? 
  bonnie tyler is probably the most high-profile person we 've ever sent , and while the song was great , she just ca n't sing anymore . 
  i actually thought that this song was great when i heard it but her live voice is n't exactly great any more ... 
  bonnie 's song is excellent and you know it . 
  what is it with this comedian 's shocking british accent ? 
  what 's confusing ? 
  as opposed to switzerland which is , of course , a fountain of excitement ... 
  what the hell is `` city '' meant to mean ? 
  that 's because no one speaks real scots anymore . 
  interestingly , i only have two acquaintances with the surname ` smith ' . 
   the same in egypt ##  never again i wll cross the borders of eu what do these things have to do with one another ?
