why is it , in your opinion illegal to chop your arm off , but if i wanted to take your little finger that 's suddenly okay ?!, 
  i 'm not going to have this argument if you 're going to make such ridiculous analogies . 
  now that 's a hysterical comment if i ever have seen one . 
  you 're really going to talk about male circumcision as though it 's comparable to female circumcision ? 
  one is a serious human rights violation that dulls sexual pleasure ; the other is a minor procedure that makes no discernable difference to the person 's life . 
  why do people care so much about this issue ? 
  it 's interesting to note that the people most passionate about this are almost invariably uncircumcised . 
  circumcised males just do n't care . 
  i actually disagree with the practise in principle , but i could n't be less apathetic towards the movement to have it banned . 
  the numbers refer to that particular country 's share of that response ( across the whole of europe ) , not the percentage of people in that country who answered that way . 
  i do n't know why it 's done like that . 
  i do n't understand why it 's not nearer 100 % . 
  surely everyone outside the uk ( excluding ireland ) who took the survey knows english + their native language . 
   temporarily poor millionaires whining on here . 
  you have n't considered the possibility people are are simply annoyed at having to pay more money towards something ( with no net benefit ) when already facing tough austerity measures ? 
  you seem way more hysterical that anyone else in this thread . 
  really ? 
  you 're going to put england on the same level as belarus and russia ? 
  an i missing some sort of joke ? 
  do the papers talk about asylum speakers all that much ? 
  i do n't follow the logic at all . 
   this sort of attitude is why nobody likes the english you keep telling yourself that . 
   do you think you have any greater justification to live in europe than any of those africans ? 
  it goes without saying , and it 's true of any country . 
  when it comes to certain issues , a government has a responsibility to put its own citizens above those of different nationalities . 
  of course it 's luck , but plenty of unfair things are decided by luck . 
  i get the impression you have n't done any research into the thatcher era . 
  leaving the uk is not an `` insane policy '' , merely a policy that you disagree with . 
   the three main westminster parties ( the conservatives , labour and the lib dems ) are all centre-right . 
  according to whom ? 
  labour is not a centre-right party . 
   ukip are insane . 
  they 're a right wing party that attracts insane people , but there 's nothing particularly extreme about their policies . 
  [ it 's a unidan copypasta . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkcopypasta/comments/2ceq3u/heres_the_thing_you_said_a_jackdaw_is_a_crow/ ), 
  wow , i did n't know america was the only country with homeless people . 
   a part of me wants to say that in most eu countries ( excepting the post-communist ones and possibly greece ) , an unemployed citizen has a better and more secure life than a low - or medium-wage american [ the data does n't support that at all . 
  ] ( http://b-i.forbesimg.com/timworstall/files/2013/06/inequality.png ), 
   i just read this whole thread and it 's pretty sad to see all the english people defending this system in this whole thread , saying `` yeah it just takes 5min to turn off , you just have to ask to get it removed , it 's not censorship '' probably because there are more important things to worry about ? 
  it 's not as good as the yes campaign were hoping for . 
  dundee was always going to vote yes . 
  there 's the channel tunnel . 
   the government definitely plays a role in maintaining a high rating . 
  well , in that case the uk is also doing a pretty extraordinary job . 
  better than ~ 93 % of all other countries . 
   do n't you guys have a referendum tomorrow ? 
  and ? 
   we 're not losing the majority of our oil/gas reserves anytime soon . 
  neither is the uk . 
  it 's going to be no vote . 
  wait and see . 
  you seem like a nice , well-informed guy . 
   our government is doing an extraordinary job if you compare that to 99 % of the other countries . 
  wow , that puts the dutch government at number 1 or 2 in the world !, 
   the uk government has far worse problems to deal with than ours . 
  a little over-dramatic , do n't you think ? 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  people on the right criticize the guardian in the same way that those on the left criticize the telegraph . 
  like most newspapers , the guardian has an obvious bias that makes its reporting very predictable . 
  are you confusing it with the [ australian daily telegraph ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_daily_telegraph_%28australia%29 ) ? 
  do you actually live in the uk ? 
  the telegraph is not a `` rag '' ; it 's one of the quality broadsheets . 
   the guardian is objectively speaking a far superior newspaper , even if you discount the political bias . 
  according to whom ? 
  plenty of people would argue the complete opposite . 
  the guardian is a joke of a newspaper to many . 
  you mean one poll . 
  the day after , another poll showed the opposite result . 
  at any rate , you 're siding with independence supporters , not `` scotland '' . 
  because you 're assuming that scotland wants independence . 
  the referendum has n't happened yet . 
  did you actually read the comment you replied to ? 
   because eastern europeans are scum . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  they 're still human . 
  different judges will have difference tendencies , and that 's not good for the accused . 
  a bad judge can cause a lot of damage . 
  a single bad juror can not . 
  you 're trying way too hard . 
  could you be any more condescending ? 
  what a bizarre thing to assume . 
   for europeans : just some ad on a bus . 
  plenty of work environments in europe where it would n't be appropriate . 
  what ? 
  personal income does n't even feature as part of the calculation . 
  the only money-related dimension is gni . 
  let me say it again . 
  * the super rich have virtually no effect on the final value * . 
   so life in germany is pretty much as good as it gets ? 
  life is as good as the circumstances for a particular individual allow . 
  there are people in italy living better lives than people in germany . 
  likewise , there are people in germany living better lives than people in norway . 
  did you read my comment ? 
  there is no theoretical maximum to wealth . 
  there is for hdi . 
   the top 1 % . 
  a very small proportion of the us drags their average way up `` the 1 % '' , by definition , are the top 1 % of the population . 
  they have almost no effect on the final hdi score given that the maximum theoretical value is 1 . 
   although that 's average income not median income . 
  the us [ still scores very high with median statistics .
