  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income ), 
   that sounds highly unlikely why ? 
  the us is per capita one of the richest countries in the world ( richer than all but one european country ) where most people have very high living standards . 
  with a flat tax rate , you do anyway . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  why would you have to pay insurance on a car that is n't being used on the road ? 
   why ? 
  all people deserve a chance , even shitheads . 
  especially shitheads . 
  you 're delusional if you think brevik 's ever leaving prison . 
  he 'll be there until he dies . 
  i 'm confused . 
  are you satirising european federalists here ? 
  i would say most . 
  there are always going to be refugees . 
  you ca n't let them all in , ultimately due to economic reasons . 
   this guy posted this in / r/unitedkingdom [ 1 ] and is basically getting butthurt at everything that isnt this guys opinion , he does n't live in europe let alone the uk yet pretends he knows whats best for us . 
  indeed . 
  he 's unquestionably the most insufferable piece of shit i 've come across on either r/europe or r/unitedkingdom . 
   why are you being so antagonistic in this thread ? 
  because he 's not interested in having a discussion , only arguing with and insulting people who disagree with his own ill-informed opinions . 
   i do n't understand why britons care about becoming part of something greater even if it means they have less say in local affairs . 
  really ? 
  this is puzzling to you ? 
  you 'll find the same majority opinion in most european countries . 
  generally , people do n't want to give up sovereignty for another layer of bureaucracy . 
  and what is `` greater '' ? 
   actually all of those financial institutions will leave the uk if the uk leaves the eu . 
  that 's not what your link says . 
  indeed , it would have a negative effect , but not to such an extent . 
  you appear to like fear-mongering as much as the tabloids here . 
  why are you arguing when you do n't even read the comments you 're replying to ? 
  what does austria have to do with greece ? 
  you appear to know almost nothing of the situation in europe . 
  you say that as though the rest of europe would be happy with a federal eu . 
  you 're reading far too much into my comment . 
  the point is that female circumcision negatively affects sexual pleasure , regardless of intent . 
  male circumcision does n't . 
  the two practises are n't at all comparable . 
  i have no idea what you 're saying . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  this has to be trolling . 
  99 % of circumcisions in the us are done `` because most babies have it done '' . 
  female circumcision is done to remove sexual pleasure . 
  but every british person speaks english . 
  there are no monolingual british people who ca n't speak english . 
  i could n't be bothered . 
  ( you knew what i meant ), 
  even with median figures the us scores top . 
  on mobile right now so ca n't post the link but there 's a wikipedia article . 
  how does federalisation solve the problem ? 
  britain ! = europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most countries require you to be a citizen to vote in elections . 
  it 's hardly an alien concept . 
  non-eu citizens can not vote in danish parliamentary elections , for instance . 
  there is no single agreed definition of `` eastern europe '' . 
  if we go by popular usage , all the baltic states are part of eastern europe . 
  you ca n't get much more eastern . 
  the uk deserves more points than this . 
  come on , it was fine by eurovision standards . 
  `` you may think this is a lame postcard ... because it is '' . 
  i do n't think it 's particularly surprising . 
  skilled jobs in the us are higher paid ( on average ) than anywhere else in the world . 
  you need n't worry about all the low scores that everyone 's posting . 
  most europeans would n't do any better than you did . 
  it 's probably illegal in a lot of places . 
  that does n't mean people are prosecuted for it . 
  but people already know that a poor diet can lead to diabetes . 
  no one goes to the doctor about it until they actually have it . 
  how on earth can a healthcare system prevent diabetes ? 
  you 're right . 
  they 're almost identical . 
   also calling privately operated schools ` public schools ' makes no sense to us either because in ireland a public school is a state owned/run school . 
  the reason for this is historical . 
  they were `` public '' in the sense that anyone could attend them , regardless of religion or catchment area . 
   it caught me by complete surprise when i spent some time in the uk a few years ago and noticed everybody referring to `` europe '' as something completely foreign . 
  the reason for this is that most british people do n't feel that they 're a part of any shared `` european culture '' . 
  brits would feel much more at home in australia than in lithuania for instance . 
  that really is completely nonsense . 
  you really need to do some travelling if you think the uk is a prime example of a `` xenophobic mindset '' . 
  according to what survey ? 
  when has it ever been described as evil ? 
   only americans and the british are convinced that sex with 14 year olds is inherently evil and call it `` ephebophilia . '', 
  in both countries , i bet that fewer than 1 % of the population has even heard of the word . 
  the act of adults having sex with 14 year olds being perceived as weird is not unique to the us and britain . 
  i would imagine , and indeed hope , that the majority of europeans look down upon it . 
  well , you 're in the minority with that opinion . 
   high taxes are absolutely fine so long as they 're being spent properly . 
  that 's a non-point . 
  would it be ok if you were taxed at 90 % as long as the money was being `` spent properly '' ? 
   i still ca n't understand why you would think inflation is the problem here rather than unemployment . 
  `` rising prices/inflation '' is listed as an option on the survey . 
  if rising prices are a problem for people , they will pick it . 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  most new taps are mixer taps now . 
  the reason for separating them was an issue of health . 
  people did n't want their cold water contaminated with the waterborne diseases found in hot ( i.e. 
  not fresh ) water . 
  this is n't so much of a problem now . 
   maybe because dutch is a very hard language ?
