i think most opted for 2 packs of cigarettes or 5 cans of energy drink rather than 1 mtg booster pack . 
  can confirm the cute and adorable part . 
  http://skelbiu.lt is probably the most popular site for selling/buying stuff in lithuania . 
  used commonly , but more for expressing frustration or annoyance . 
  not all i 'm afraid . 
  two lithuanian ones are missing at least - dz\u016bk\u0173 and suvalkie\u010di\u0173 . 
  it 's not as prevalent as the others . 
  i 'm just speaking from personal experience . 
  also i 'm on a phone , so it 'd be hard to do . 
  it 's more domestic than say wage inequality ( i believe we do alright there , but do n't quote me on that ) , and not a serious issue . 
  i just mean casual comments made that are against women . 
  by women themselves often : `` be happy you were n't born a woman '' , '' there 's that manly logic we needed '' , `` that [ department ] had only guys , unlike the other one , so it was obviously a nicer atmosphere '' they tell me . 
  they 're not jokes , they 're not especially serious either , but they do n't feel entirely right . 
  but again , all i speak of is personal experience and perception only . 
  racism , sexism , homophobia is still very prevalent amongst us , older people especially , but the younger ones are n't much better . 
  i almost never see campaigns for public awareness against this , it will take some serious social work or a long time before the mentality here changes . 
  not today . 
  well i do n't know about cheapest . 
  today a kg of potatoes in the more expensive grocery store chain cost 0,29 $ . 
  other stores might be less and getting some from the market is definitely less . 
  it 's gaining headway recently , actually . 
  soon everyone will know . 
  that stereotype is way older than polandball . 
  i 've known it since i was a kid . 
  well it 's a nice coat of arms . 
  similarly here : `` afraid of wolves - do n't go to the forest '', 
  yeah , we east of germany buy busses the germans consider too old and use them for another decade . 
  lithuania 's intact . 
  ah yes , lithuania conquering the belgian menace , classic european history . 
  definitely something we can unite on . 
  oh , seems to not work on chrome . 
  i 'm using firefox . 
  probably possible by inspecting the graph and getting the url from there . 
  what they seem to do is make it very small and then enlarge it , making it real blurry . 
  if you right click the blurred graph and view background image , you 'll see the tiny picture . 
  it has a ? w = 50 ( width of 50 px ) parameter in the url . 
  just delete the parameter and you get the full picture . 
  lithuania did have land to the black sea , a while before uniting with poland , so she 's right about that part at least . 
  something wrong ? 
  yeah i was talking to the other lithuanian commenter . 
  our basic term for both things is the same . 
  just pancakes , or specifying folded . 
  do n't think i 've heard a real person ever use that word . 
  i 've lived in kaunas and klaip\u0117da both . 
  just a varying thing i guess . 
  maybe where you are . 
  i 've only seen that term on the internet . 
  i do n't remember it at all , what year was this ? 
  it 's from some cartoon that i do n't think ever had any significant airing here . 
  it 's because it 's total alcohol consumption translated to beer , not just beer consumption . 
  we have about 3 boxes . 
  storing batteries , some papers and other miscellanea . 
  i still remember eating the cookies out of one of them . 
  very long time ago . 
  it 's associated with groups who have taste . 
  you might be interested in / r/doesnottranslate, 
  went to a supermarket in brno once , paid with a 100 bill for 54 something , cashier did n't bat an eye . 
  now i do n't want to imagine the problems if anything did happen . 
  never heard of them . 
  sadly country has no trams . 
  do n't have them over here so we always had the bus instead . 
  born in a bus here . 
  do n't have trams . 
  i saw some in austria last summer . 
  never again or before . 
  send some over here . 
  our language committee sometimes tries pushing words nobody uses and in turn tries to suppress use of words that have taken root but are not deemed correct . 
  sometimes this works , sometimes it does n't . 
  it does n't when the words are silly and people just refuse to use them , so eventually it fails . 
  however they have a bit more power in , say , technical fields . 
  when i studied , professors were forced to incorporate new terms with this method , where clearly it had been standard practice to use something else . 
  they have to use the official correct terms in papers and lectures , so unlike the words for general public , it 's harder to naturally resist new words people do n't like . 
  it 's an effort to keep the language independent and cleaner , and it 's not ineffective , however a lot of the time it 's not seen favorably by the public . 
  this extends to smaller grammatical quirks , not just words themselves . 
  not a thing here . 
  i 've only encountered it in software form . 
  we never had a nickname for our money , for euros or our previous currency . 
  who knows why . 
  maybe there was something for the currencies before that , but i was n't alive . 
  we have some slang for specific amounts of money , mostly russian in origin , but nothing generic . 
  we just say sorry , do n't have any idiom for that . 
  yes , ~ 5-13 cents depending on size for shopping ones . 
  the small transparent ones are free though . 
  once every several years in the city maybe . 
  outside the city , where the grid is on poles too , i only remember the one time . 
  it used to be `` jonas jonaitis '' or `` petras petraitis '' , just taking common first names and turning them into surnames as well . 
  it 'd be used in examples of filling out forms and such . 
  however people actually named this would complain so now we use `` vardenis pavardenis '' , basically namey surnamey or something to that effect . 
  i meant translates to lithuanian . 
  * monday * literally translates to * first day * . 
  here 's a few screenshots of the plans you can get from some of the bigger isps here . 
  https://imgur.com/a/x98hm does n't include the biggest one , they 've ceased to have a nice overview page . 
  does n't include the myriad of tiny local isps that exist around the country either . 
  lizard people , of course . 
  it 's very common here too . 
  made in usa specifically ? 
  i seem to recall * something * having that label , but generally nothing that i 've seen . 
  only the rich who like to flaunt and not so rich who get second hand older models have apple products . 
  i 've only seen 2 iphones in person , both latter case . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tertiary_education_attainment top 25 is all europe , so looks like a master 's degree is rather popular .
