  do n't think i 've ever seen a name on a residence anywhere . 
  did n't know this happened . 
  * kraikas * in lithuanian means cat litter . 
  not until i saw it on reddit a year or so ago . 
  the names are the same , but as there 's little in common with a jupiter 's satellite and a continent on earth , it 's very unlikely to ever be confused . 
  i 've never heard of this in lithuania . 
  it 's not legal unless there 's no crosswalk in sight , i believe . 
  people have been fined for jaywalking across busy roads . 
  we get taught british english in schools , but since you mostly learn english from media and the internet , people end up leaning american . 
  it 's pretty well known , but the only relevant custom i know is that you 're meant to take out your christmas tree before the day . 
  we have them at school or university , sometimes , if someone organizes it . 
  maybe at workplaces too . 
  but we just call it `` gift exchange '' . 
  i 've been a part of several and the rules were routine , but i 've heard of variations too . 
  it 's simple . 
  without it you could n't have this nice 16x3 rectangle . 
  you need an id card or passport . 
  driver 's licence might be enough to buy booze or something but it 's not official id . 
  thus , everyone has an id card , which also works for traveling within eu . 
  no , not really . 
  there 'll be a few halloween themed parties maybe and some events , but that 's the extent of it . 
  first i 'm hearing about it . 
  we used to have these in a lot of stores , but smaller , several years back . 
  they 've since disappeared , guess did n't catch on . 
  `` oh wow , real tourists '', 
  cold seasons are more or less free of bugs , though at night some still come . 
  warm seasons are bug hell . 
  during the day - wasps and varying size flies . 
  during the night - many types and sizes of moths , mosquitoes , crane flies , small long green bugs i do n't know the name of , miscellaneous tiny ones and very rarely something similar to what wikipedia says is called a [ cockchafer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cockchafer ) . 
  chemical engineering, 
  around 20 $ in total in 6 years . 
  but this was mostly for practice books and lab works , the theory was free from the library or available online . 
  i could have spent less , but i opted to buy some of them so i could make notes inside . 
  100/100 fiber for 10 $ / month . 
  if you live in a city , it 's more or less the cheapest option . 
  data caps have n't really existed for a decade either . 
  just switched over night . 
  the atms that accept cash had huge lines shortly before the switch . 
  everyone wanted to deposit their saved up cash for the easy conversion . 
  show results in language and country still works for me . 
  there was a period of time , and it still happens sometimes , where the option would n't change anything , but now it works fine . 
  yes , i use google.lt . 
  even if you type google.com it redirects you to your local site . 
  you 'd need to choose `` use google in english '' on the bottom to get there . 
  if you 're wondering , localized versions also have different search results , prioritising local sites . 
  have n't ever sung or heard anyone sing in the shower . 
  you can choose to learn it in school as a secondary foreign language . 
  most people over the age of 30 will be able to speak russian decently to fluently , due to the occupation . 
  people who were n't born/grew up with soviets speak russian much more poorly , and their english is mostly decent , due to contemporary media and english being mandatory from 2nd grade . 
  the 30 + bracket rarely speak much english . 
  as for popularity , it depends on the region , some will have higher levels of russian minorities and so more non-russians will speak it/choose to learn it . 
  1569 is when the commonwealth came to be . 
  1410 is when us and poland decisively and permanently defeat the teutonic knights in one of the [ biggest battles in medieval europe . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_grunwald ), 
  1253 was the year our first , and only , king got crowned . 
  christianization happened over 100 years later . 
  and 1795 basically yes , but prussia got some land as well . 
  you got the others right . 
  orbit and dirol . 
  ca n't think of any other global chains that operate here . 
  there 's a kfc in the capital but i do n't know what they call it . 
  coca-cola is just `` kola '' ( cola ), 
  most people do n't bother with it . 
  do n't know anyone who 's actually studied their ancestry . 
  i know my great-great-grandparents lived here and just farmed from stories my grandparents tell me , but i never inquired more . 
  seems interesting to try and find something though . 
  yes , if it 's a public place , flip flops will be used , at least from my experience . 
  samogitians are said to be extremely stubborn , sparse with words , reserved and cautious . 
  another one are said to be stingy and always saving money , something to do with infertile land . 
  there 's more , but i 'm not worldly enough to know many people from different regions , and i 've forgotten some of the more silly ones . 
  food is a big difference , yes . 
  either the same dish prepared different ways , or entirely different ones the other regions do n't eat . 
  a lot of holiday traditional meals are specific to the regions . 
  traditional clothing is differentiated as well . 
  we have three major cities , and they 're sort of regions of their own . 
  some of the aforementioned things will apply to their respective cities , but voting habits , dressing habits , disposition , minority composition differ in varying degrees between them and anything else as well . 
  you 'd need to be pretty well travelled to be able to tell which region someone is from right away , but dialect/accent ( if they have one ) will be the primary tell most of the time . 
  there 's certain city accents that are clear right away , often comically so . 
  people who grew up in small cities or the countryside will often carry the regional dialect . 
  people from bigger cities are often harder to distinguish , the region cultural differences are often small for them . 
  we have 10 official counties , most of similar size . 
  but they 're more administrative than anything . 
  i 'd say the real differing regions are 4 , which are also the homes of our 4 biggest dialects . 
  a lot of cultural differences coincide with these 4 regions . 
  especially the major 2 - lowlanders ( samogitians ) and highlanders . 
  3 of the regions are technically just highlander +2 subregions . 
  samogitia is historically the most different one . 
  can have the least intelligible dialect and they even have a separate wikipedia because of that , the madmen . 
  i only vaguely know of it , and doubt many people do here at all . 
  i really do n't know , you 'd have to look up statistics for that . 
  i can tell you i 'm 193cm ( 6 ' 4 ) tall , and most people are shorter than me . 
  the basketball love has to do with us always being good and beating the russian team back in soviet occupation times . 
  it was a way to stay defiant of sorts . 
  there 's a documentary `` the other dream team '' , about all this , if you 're interested . 
  i do n't really follow it myself . 
  but , from my experience , young people would often have some knowledge of nba , at there would definitely be those who follow it , but it 's not the main focus for everyone . 
  basketball has very patriotic roots , so mostly people care about our own teams , or our teams competing abroad - euroleague and olympics . 
  we have a few of our stars competing in the nba , though . 
  but not enough to garner much interest in the league itself . 
  incredibly popular .
