  yes , but how long before it 's there ? 
   more manufacturing and sell that where ? 
  who will buy goods produced by british workers for british paychecks ? 
   concerns about the economic fallout from the vote were on the minds of many here . 
  many who voted in favor of brexit work in professions and for companies that could suffer under uncertainty over trade deals , such as car manufacturers . 
  and they predominantly live in poorer regions -- those that have received significant subsidies from the e.u. 
  ffs ... this is mindblowing . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  do n't worry , i know the feeling , we have similar idiots here in croatia . 
  by october uk will be ready to join free market with zimbabwe . 
   `` good riddance , we can go back to manufacturing '' how fucking stupid are the ... oh wait . 
  i guess you can order a few stones for 130 euros . 
   the future of london as the financial capital of europe has been put to question following the vote . 
  many global banks use britain as a springboard for their business throughout the eu , because they have automatic license to operate across the bloc . 
  this sentence is probably the scariest for uk . 
  just use common sense , duh !, 
  it will be ironic when they ask ecb for help . 
  pound is still dropping , almost 4 % today , on top of 8 % since referendum . 
  and with banks and eu institutions announcing they are leaving london i do n't see this stopping soon . 
   for zombie apocalypse i would prefer an island , a nice overseeable island with a little mountain with lots of fig trees . 
  here is a list of islands for sale in croatia : http://www.telegram.hr/zivot/malo-smo-se-iznenadili-kad-smo-vidjeli-koliko-se-otoka-prodaje-u-hrvatskoj-pa-smo-ih-istrazili/ , 
  it sure as hell helps with the zombie apocalypse, 
  yap , that 's why this is very dangerous . 
  20 years ago most of this stuff was in a good shape , but it 's rotting away now and it is more and more dangerous . 
  that 's why you can call police and they 'll come and remove it ... no questions asked , no consequence . 
  you can even bring it to police station . 
  look at this : http://www.policija.hr/184972/96.aspx may , 2014 - whole bunker stuffed with weapons found machine guns , anti-tank rockets , mortar , explosives , hand grenades ... enough weapons for a small army . 
  who know how many similar bunkers are around ? 
  no one . 
  former front lines , people actually needed bazookas there . 
  there are shitloads of stuff buried `` just in case '', 
  and where would you send that if there are no maps of minefields ? 
  or how would that work in a forest ? 
  because it takes time ... and money . 
  the front line was extremely long , probably over 1000 km . 
  [ croatian home arsenals . 
  an album of weapons police is still finding in private homes , 20 years after the war ended . 
  and some stuff that 's really dangerous like anti-tank weapons ( mostly zolja , but also some osa 's ) , mines , plastic explosives and so on . 
   more guns in austria than in bosnia ... yeah , right ... that 's ridiculous . 
  another myth told by british press . 
  we still have people dying in minefields . 
  last incident was just two months ago . 
  brexit is a gift that keeps giving . 
  wow . 
  this is really getting ridiculous . 
   `` economic schengen . '', 
  sounds good to me . 
  also , what is nasty ? 
  expecting uk to follow eu rules ? 
  to be honest , i am not surprised at all . 
  we have pretty similar situation in croatia where regions most affected by shitty government vote for the same parties that created this mess . 
  they vote over nationalism and than they are surprised when they get fucked by incompetence and corruption . 
  how the fuck can you vote for a party that was convicted in court for stealing from public funds on grounds that they are patriots ???? 
  i am guessing same kinds of mental gymnastics happened in uk . 
   what does `` hawkish bent '' mean ? 
  more bombing of brown people . 
  `` we will trade with commonwelath instead of eu '' . 
  well , the way pound is behaving they will ... zimbabwe ca n't wait for a trade deal . 
  not only that , but zimmerman ( us ambassador to belgrade ) publicly said he supports unity of yugoslavia , something that jna ( yugoslav army ) used as excuse to send tanks to border posts in slovenia . 
  us was ** against ** slovenian and croatian independence . 
  edit : : ahhh ... it 's / u/executivemonkey ... just trolling, 
  because there are project in the eu that need money ? 
   `` so how and when will this stop the muslims coming into britain ? '', 
  should n't they leave commonwealth than ? 
  most muslims in uk are from their former colonies . 
   it 's not exactly like britain was a constructive partner in that respect in the first place either . 
  so , this is a win - win for the eu ? 
   sure , just accept the bulk of eu market regulations , contribute financially to eu institutions , contribute to the defense of the eea , accept eu immigration , and you 'll probably be welcome to a seat at the efta . 
  good thing they left eu so they do n't have to acc ... oh wait . 
  just read on chinese negotiations with russia on natural gas pipelines . 
  russians had to bend backwards and take whatever china wanted . 
  they are delusional . 
  there is no way germany and france would give them a better deal . 
  is n't that ironic ? 
  you can send your aircraft carr ... oh wait . 
  wow , this is moving fast . 
  scotland and gibraltar already in question ? 
   why many in scotland voted to stay in the uk last year was the fact that they would n't have to renegotiate back into the eu . 
  i guess there are many pissed people in scotland right now . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/f00c4a58-384a-11e6-9a05-82a9b15a8ee7.html  international banks have started looking at office space in frankfurt as they consider whether they will need to shift some of their european operations out of london if britain votes to leave the eu . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23d576b0-386a-11e6-a780-b48ed7b6126f.html  over the past 30 years the city has become much more international , with us and other global banks now dominant . 
  crucial to their presence in london is the eu principle of `` passporting '' , which allows them to access the european single market without restrictions . 
  several banks have warned that brexit will undermine the logic of basing so many staff in the uk . 
  ** jpmorgan said it could axe up to 4,000 uk jobs , while hsbc has suggested up to 1,000 posts could move to paris , where it has a sizeable subsidiary ** . 
  many other employers said in private in the run-up to the vote that they would move jobs to continental europe . 
  sure , sure ... whatever . 
   falklands wars 2.0 you 'll show them by sending your aircraft carr ... ooops . 
  you wo n't . 
  very good ama on brexit : https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/4p5hq3/i_am_sebastian_mallaby_senior_fellow_for/ i do n't think it will be that easy . 
  every legal expert says it will be hell to do that in two years , just for exit . 
   i still think lots of people dislike the eu so much because there is so much misinformation about the way the eu institutions work . 
  of course , just look at why did the brits vote the way they voted . 
   people just do n't bother finding the right information ( easily accessible on the internet ) and they rely on myths served to them by anyone . 
  yes , politicians should try harder to explain eu to the people . 
  it 's fucking insane what kinds of myths are going around . 
  i am not a german and i fully support that . 
  uk was the biggest obstacle to more federal europe and now it 's gone . 
  good riddance if you ask me . 
  i hope we will finally have true european union .
