  it was n't peace and prosperity . 
  there were nationalistic movements even during tito 's rule . 
  1971 , `` croatian spring '' , 1981 albanian riots . 
  so saying i am simplifying things is ridiculous when you are the one doing that . 
   how do people just decide to start slaughtering each other after decades of peace and prosperity ? 
  jwesus fucking christ ... do you know anything about what was going in former yugoslavia ? 
  kosovo was problem even back in 1980 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/20th_century_history_of_kosovo#socialist_yugoslavia_.281945-1989.29 milo\u0161evi\u0107 came to power when he promised serbs no one will beat them in their `` heartland '' of kosovo and it will always be serbian . 
  he used serbian nationalism and kosovo serbs to take over governments in vojvodina , montenegro and kosovo giving him 4 votes in jugoslav leadership ( out of 8 ) . 
  the so called `` yoghurt revolution '' was using serb nationalism to achieve its goals and as they started to succeed other nationalis , like croatia , started to flare up . 
  by the time of first elections and fall of berlin wall , slovenia and croatia wanted to get the fuck out of yugoslavia , while serbia was trying to create `` greater serbia '' which would include basically whole yugoslavia except slovenia and small portions of croatia ... 
  del ponte fucked up . 
  she made a case for tudjman and \u0160u\u0161ak and when they died she just went for the next highest guy who was even close to the operation `` storm '' . 
  and that stupid bullshit about 200m for artillery that was basis for indictment and only `` proof '' of criminal enterprise ? 
  it 's pure fantasy . 
  if she really wanted to put people who are guilty marka\u010d would be pretty good target because special police forces were actually on trial in croatia for some of the crimes . 
  but she did n't put those cases in her indictment . 
  gotovina was in bosnia when most of the killing happened and it 's fucking easy to prove that ... and if you do n't consider 200m as proof ( as you should n't ) there was no other way this would end . 
  very lousy work by del ponte who liked to come here and abuse and threaten and mix in politics and so on ... instead she should have worked on real cases and bring some justice . 
  also ... norac got total of 12 years in prison , glava\u0161 is also in prison , lora got prosecuted , kerestinec , sisak ... we actually did put some of those guilty on trial and we did send them to prison ... 
  it 's just that del ponte was arrogant bitch whose work was sub-par and resulted in this . 
  not really . 
  we have the lowest percentage of working age people who are actually working in europe . 
  16.2 for croatia ? 
  hahahahahahahahahaha ... ya , sure . 
  after doing every trick in the book to remove dozens of thousands from official number . 
  to describe the magic used ... at the same time as unemployment rate was falling , employment rate was also falling . 
  so we have less jobs and less unemployed people . 
  magic . 
  i know why we ca n't do it . 
  no problem . 
  there is an `` if '' at the beginning of that sentence for a reason . 
   `` is he sleeping in a cave without the access to the internet or newspaper because he god-damn sounds out of his mind '' . 
  that 's what i hated the most about all this . 
  look at a fucking map and guess what happens when hungary builds the fence ... how fucking hard is that ? 
   this basically achieved nothing . 
  and how many of his measures did ? 
  they talk a lot and then change after minimal resistance to their ideas , just like many reforms , highways and other stuff . 
  he has no balls to force his ideas , but likes to grandstand and lecture everyone . 
  the worst thing about milanovi\u0107 is that i am agreeing with statements from karamarko . 
  fuck that . 
  making some political points while he fucks up the country . 
  i just love balkan politicians . 
  if we were to blockade the border we should do what hungary did and not this stupid crap . 
  it felt like kindergarten reading statements from both sides . 
  oh fuck it , it was too good opportunity to miss making that joke . 
  if you really want to know , personally i think milanovi\u0107 is a moron and i am not really sure if i support what he did . 
  i really felt we were wrong in blocking serbia , seemed like petty balkan stuff if you ask me . 
  same shit . 
  i just wish serbia was between siberia and syria . 
  well , they do land in greece . 
  while we are not in shengen at all . 
  geeeee ... this sounds very similar to what hungary is saying about croatia . 
  and what croatia is saying about greece . 
  ca n't wait for germans to start pissing on austria . 
  same here . 
  we tried and failed miserably to do what we were supposed to do . 
  they do n't want to register and they sure as fuck do n't want to stay in croatia . 
  wtf are we supposed to do with them ? 
  keep them where ? 
   balkan sure loves religion . 
  another proof croatia is not balkan . 
  we win !, 
  let 's say we disagree on this . 
  off course that it 's easier to go via serbia -  hungary that is flat , but there are other factors as well for bosnia . 
  some places would have sympathetic population ( bosniaks ) , some places are really hard to control because of terrain and some could be used easily . 
   now i will be very politically incorrect - when yugoslavia was being destroyed , maybe croatia took more that it should - and is unable to defend that nowadays . 
  the seafront became liability now . 
  the seafront is n't the problem , the problem is that these people enter greece and they ship them north . 
  let 's say yugoslavia exists . 
  it 's in eu and shengen . 
  what would change ? 
   but it 's a yesterday 's water under the bridge - it happened and you can not turn it back . 
  now it 's time for creative ideas how to protect your land , if you are not capable of guarding the borders . 
  you have to find some other solution . 
  defending the country and securing borders from illegal entry are two completely different things . 
  just ask our america friends . 
  or italy . 
  or greece . 
  or the uk ... they are finding illegal immigrants in eurotunnel . 
  only thing somewhat special here is long and rough border for a small country . 
   lebanon is fine and all i was just there for summer . 
  bullshit , there is constant fighting around arsal . 
  one of reasons hezbollah is deployed is to try to contain al nusra and is on the other side of the border since they tried to seize arsal and there was a battle to force them out . 
  we really ca n't fully control border with bosnia . 
  it 's very long and very rough terrain . 
   maybe take b&h into the club , for example ? 
  have you any idea what kind of clusterfuck is bosnia ? 
  and than you still have montenegro , kosovo , albania , serbia and macedonia to consider . 
  just getting macedonia in would be nearly impossible with their spat over name with greece . 
  even if you you take all these into eu and into shengen , you still have greece as entry point . 
  there is one problem after another as you go south of croatia . 
  oh fuck off , go find a map and take a look . 
  compared to our size and numbers we have pretty fucking long border . 
  does your country completely controls your border ? 
  maybe we should invite some chinese to build it ? 
   does n't sound like the border you want as the last check point before you can enter a free transit zone without any inspections . 
  which is why we do n't even expect shengen any time soon . 
   if they do , we send them to greece . 
  let me guess ... if they land in greece , they send them to turkey ? 
  i can show you images of priests blessing guns that were shelling sarajevo if you want .
