  did you even read the article ? 
  while the languages are pretty close to each other , croats use latin script and serbs use cyrillic script . 
  and this stupidity is against cyrillic script ... which is fucking retarded , but hey , it 's nationalists , like you can expect better from them . 
   it too borders serbia , croatia too , and in its case , it was actually involved in some territorial conflicts with croatia . 
  hungary ? 
  romania ? 
  ahhh . . a rip off . 
  welcome to the balkans , where no country is actually in the balkans , but everyone acts like a fucking moron thus confirming he lives in the balkans . 
  that 's a requirement everywhere in the balkans . 
  horvath is actually hungarian version of `` hrvat '' . 
  bosnia ? 
  they ca n't agree on anything , they are behind everyone else . 
  i would put albania ahead of them . 
  i know . 
  but it would n't be any good if i used anything else . 
   french tycoon ` stoned ' after finding $ 60m in cocaine on his private jet ftfy, 
  and if you like game of thrones you can visit king 's landing . 
  i like kriek . 
  and leffe and actually every damn belgium beer i tried . 
  we are extension of those who were here before us and those we leave behind us will be extension of ourselves . 
  that is why history matters . 
  while banks are solid , the rest is falling apart . 
   we do n't need a bailout , but we do need investments and jobs . 
  currently , tourism is keeping us afloat and it might prove very beneficial for us to enter the eu because of that . 
  lol ... around here everything is already priced in euros , it 's a leftover from yugoslavia and high inflation when only real thing was deutsch mark . 
  even bank loans are pegged to foreign currencies , mostly euros . 
  you use kuna ( local currency ) for grocery shopping and everyone is able to calculate how much it is in euros in a blink of an eye . 
  i suppose croats in bosnia who have croatian citizenship will become eu citizens ? 
  it might create some interesting ... issues ... there . 
  we like st. patrick 's day . 
  not that easily , but there are some plans . 
  it 's costly and we are trying to get some other option that costs less . 
  it 's also the only language in the solar system to use digraphia . 
  damn indians stealing our youtube jobs . 
  because germany and uk are only countries in europe ? 
  whole former eastern block is basically addicted to russian gas ... that 's over a hundred million people . 
  dunno ... we drink more than serbia and less than slovenia ? 
  that just does n't compute . 
  sure , why not . 
  it 's those damn americans !!, 
  that 's cruel and unusual punishment, 
  lol  maybe we should go back to glagolitic script ? 
   it 's so cool and fitting for any slavic language . 
  why is it specially fitting for slavic language ? 
  it 's just letters . 
  and latin is easier to write . 
  it actually is n't that fitting , it 's much harder to write it because of how it looks . 
  latin is much more fluid . 
  if you ca n't beat them , back them to host olympics . 
  it took just few years of propaganda to throw us all into nationalistic fever with generation that was born and raised in yugoslavia where communists suppressed nationalism very hard . 
  most of the `` old generation '' you are mentioning were , at some point , not really nationalistic and many even felt as yugoslavs . 
  i was commenting on ease of installation . 
  i just love to send apk to the client to their gmail and be done with it . 
  having to deal with apple crap and adding every fucking device to app id and then downloading all those certificates makes you glad google lets you do with android whatever you like . 
  there are some apps that are basically impossible to make on ios . 
  it 's just like pc , you can install whatever you want from any source . 
  it 's much better than shit you have to go through with apple . 
  you do n't even have to use play store at all . 
  you can send it any way you like . 
  i love how apks in gmail get `` install '' button right away . 
  breaking in will land you in jail much faster than just getting high . 
  cost - benefit . 
  they counted every house where someone was held at some point ... that 's not a camp . 
  that 's not even a prison ... it 's just a house . 
  if they count a house in which prisoners from dachau worked it shows me they were going for shock value in their research . 
  these prisoners were from dachau ... you ca n't count every damn house where they worked as another concentration camp and shove that as some sort of shocking result . 
  actually ... that 's what we do . 
  not with mil mi-24 's since we sold ours , but with other helicopters . 
  military helicopters are used for rescue , why not ? 
  you better eat them before they gallop away . 
  riblja pa\u0161teta + crno vino ( fish pate and red wine ) ... mmmmm ... 
  great engines and good cars . 
  but i do n't understand their policies . 
  just look at the most profitable segment where they have bravo , delta and giulietta . 
  each has only one version . 
  no cabrio , no three door , no station wagon . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  whole alfa romeo brand has two cars , mito with 3 doors and giulietta with 5 doors and that 's it . 
  i love my giulietta , it 's truly great car , but this is just insane . 
  they really need more versions if they want to sell more cars . 
  good old `` u redu je '', 
  geeee , you know that shit hit the fan when germany is invaded by greek nazis . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relationship_of_cyrillic_and_glagolitic_alphabets  the exact nature of relationship between the glagolitic and the cyrillic scripts has been historically a matter of great controversy and dispute in slavic studies , especially pertaining to the question of chronological precedence and mutual influence . 
  several traditional accounts on the origin of the slavic script they describe are ambiguous in their statements of what particular script they pertain to , which is furthermore complicated by the occasional mixture of terms used for them in some sources . 
  interesting article . 
  o_o why ? 
  actually , old croatian texts ( really old ) are written in glagolitic alphabet . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glagolitic_alphabet http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/datoteka:bascanska_ploca.jpg, 
  croatian latin and serbian cyrillic have all the same letters . 
   ( \u0436 = zh , \u0446 = tz , \u0447 = ch , \u0448 = sh , \u0449 = shch ) \u017e , \u0107 , \u010d , \u0161 and you are missing cyrillic for \u0110 / \u0111 or d\u017e - \u0402 , \u0452 and \u040f , \u045f serbs could use latin without a problem any day they wanted and they all know to read / write it . 
  before the war we knew cyrillic as well as latin and i can read it , but i would have a problem writing since i have n't written in it for over 20 years . 
  this is really eye opening discussion . 
  not a single benefit for uk was mentioned , but i was attacked and everything about me was questioned . 
  it 's a simple question ... how would uk ( and its people ) benefit from leaving eu ? 
  how would that improve their lives ? 
   where would you like to start ? 
  with a single fucking benefit for uk if it leaves eu . 
  so many answers , not a single one mentioning this simple thing ... name one benefit for uk after it leaves eu . 
  one . 
   or you know even after an exit we could just `` not go to war '' .
