  i do n't hate serbs . 
  i support their rights in croatia and think morons are against cyrilic . 
  there is no hate , there are some facts and i am always open for a discussion with anyone . 
   i 'm just going to report your flaming and shit posting , hope you get banned . 
  that 's your right . 
   what 's wrong with the old building ? 
  not enough sunlight in offices ? 
   it 's a claw . 
  . . going for russia . 
  obviously . 
  yes , that happened and i am glad those responsibile for it ended in haag . 
  i have never questioned croatian war crimes ... if you want a list of ones i know i will provide it . 
  i have never denied any war crimes by croatian forces and have always provided sources on what i think . 
  there is no denying there were disgusting crimes in 1991 committed by croatian forces . 
  check my further discussions, 
   nothing justifies what happened . 
  yap , that 's all that matters . 
   and i do n't blame you for being young and stupid , we all were . 
  i remember singing `` go kill and gut until the shqiptar is no more '' drunkenly down the street when i was twelve , and now i could n't care less about any of it . 
  and i understand kids singing `` od topole pa go ravne gore '' or `` ko to la\u017ee '' . 
   the lack of discussion is because there 's nothing to talk about . 
  both sides know they did wrong , and both are too proud to admit it . 
  yes ... fucking yes . 
  too stupid to admit , much worse than singing in 1991  as for yugoslavia itself , it 's dead in the water , and long gone off course . 
   i 'd have love to have been able to have an excursion like my mother all across the adriatic , and to live in a country where everyone had enough , and people were satisfied with their lives and were able to live , and not scrounge up day to day hoping they have enough . 
  i wish for it back , sure . . 
  yes . 
    what 's done is done , and we can only hope to move on forward and work together for a better future instead of fighting . 
  ffs , that 's what i am saying ... fuck fighting , let 's live . 
  let our kids live . 
  if there is anything i do n't want for my kids it 's war . 
  i wish all former yu countries enter eu and schengen so we can fucking forget about borders ... this is very nice place to live if there is no war and we should enjoy our lives . 
  i hope you guys enter eu as we did ... for reasons i mentioned . 
  if germans and french cooperate , so should we . 
  eu is a good framework for better future , but it needs work . 
  sure , but does that change what they did ? 
  arkan was personally committing war crimes . 
  \u0160e\u0161elj was there , sent volunteers ( what about them ) and probably did war crimes himself . 
  should we never talk about it ? 
  i have no problem talking about what we did ... and the fact that in 1991 / 95 i supported some of it . 
  what i see as a crime right now i might have supported in 1991 . 
  people evolve ( at least some ) . 
  i now understand how fucking stupid i was back then ... . both sides committed war crimes , no question about it . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 started his campaign in 1986/87 on kosovo and we all fell for it . 
  to be honest ... the only reason i am glad things ended the way they did is because i have beautiful girls right now and i would n't like living without them ... but realistically ... if yugosalvia survived we would all live much nicer lives . 
  no dead friends , no bullet holes . 
  i like my life ... i love my girls more than life itself ... but ... . yugoslavia was better option than what we have right now . 
  i blame \u0160u\u0161ak for that one . 
  i wish he lived long enough to end in haag . 
  i think that whole war with bosniaks was a fucking mistake , but tu\u0111man had his ideas for bosnia ... that famous napkin . 
  i have an ex gf from central bosnia ... what hdz / tu\u0111man did to bla\u0161ki\u0107 is fucking disgrace . 
  what else is there to say ? 
  for me they are also war criminals . 
   we did ? 
  i still see serbians not believing zagreb was bombed . 
  or that serbian volunteers committed war crimes . 
  arkan . 
  it 's not about apology , it 's about discussion . 
  and there ca n't be any discussion if people do n't believe there were war crimes . 
  ( we have same people here , they refuse to acknowledge what our soldiers did ), 
  you were n't , but there is a timeline to what happened . 
  heh ... nah , in 1995 those landed very close , but i am now in vara\u017edin . 
  and there are bullet holes from 1991 just 20 meters away . 
  only part of the country that did n't see any shooting was rijeka and istra . 
  the rest had at least some or was levelled to the ground depeding how close serbs and their artillery were . 
  no work right now . 
  i see bullet holes on buildings here as well . 
  weird , it was n't a front line city , but it has them . 
  off course . 
  we had to adopt to eu . 
  i am ** really ** glad we did . 
   as for us striking first , back then the army that assaulted was still part of yugoslavia , moving in to quell an uprising . 
  there was no uprising . 
  yugoslav constitution gave every republic right to secede . 
  it 's a fact . 
   i 'm not saying we do n't deserve it , i 'm just saying it 'd be nice to hear we were n't the only guys doing bad stuff during the war . 
  germany had to admit what it did . 
  serbia refuses . 
  a bit of difference . 
   it 's a joke , but we 're generally bitter over the post-war narrative being `` serbia bad , everyone else good '' . 
  maybe you did something bad ? 
  you meant montenegro ? 
  ohhhhh ... there are mayors and regional chiefs ( do n't know better translations ) also on trial . 
  shit changed lately . 
  mayor of our capitol is also charged ... as some other mayors . 
  it is happening . 
  former prime minister ( his boss ) is already in jail ... 4 cases against him , he wo n't get out any time soon . 
  other ministers from the same government were also sentenced . 
  croatia here , we also have good news ... former minister of transport has been formally charged today . 
   to keep a troll away from a moderators table ? 
  sure . 
  a troll is a troll no matter what banner they put up . 
  i hope we take this stance against all moderators who may degrade the content of / r/europe [ 1 ] or make it a less friendly place . 
  agreed . 
   i 'm still not convinced he 'd be a bad moderator . 
  i too sometimes feel like winding people up and post trolly comments but i would n't bring that to a moderator position . 
  i am not so sure . 
  you ca n't really tell what such troll thinks . 
  one of the problems was that he writes nice , long answers and they seems reasonable and many people do n't go into content that much or think about it . 
  if his posts were `` remove kebab , hahahah '' he would n't even be considered , but they look nice , he has a way with words ... and so on .
