  from what i 've seen at least some from all of those republics feel that there is a connection . 
  there is connection , but there were deeper problems and underlying issues that were swept under the rug and never solved . 
  for example ... instead of dealing with possible shitstorm of forcing bosnian muslims to declare themselves as either croats or serbs yugoslav leadership introduced possibility to declare yourself as ethnic muslim . 
  this is also the reason why bosnia had the highest percentage of people declaring themselves as yugoslavs . 
   there was a national community that spanned yugoslavia once and the remnants of what could have been still remain . 
  you are trying too hard . 
  there are similarities , but there is n't much shared history . 
  and that 's also one of the roots of what happened . 
  croats managed to defend against turks while the rest were occupied by turks . 
  in ww1 croats were under austria while serbs were on the other side . 
  and so on ... first yugoslavia also had same underlying problems . 
  the day it was formed people in zagreb ( capitol of croatia ) protested against unification and some were killed . 
  ( article in croatian ) serbs and croats saw yugoslavia differently . 
  and that was the biggest problem it had . 
  nope . 
  it 's not that simple . 
   before the nineties nobody said all yugoslavs were exactly the same , but they were saying that those differences were n't a big deal . 
  wrong again , you need to know about yugoslavia much more to understand that it only seemed to work . 
  maybe it was possible to fix it ( and i think it was ) , but it was n't done . 
  in 1966 , tito removes aleksandar rankovi\u0107 because of serbian nationalism ( and probably because he was eavesdropping on everybody including tito ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aleksandar_rankovi%c4%87  rankovi\u0107 was a proponent of a centralized yugoslavia and opposed efforts that promoted decentralization that he deemed to be against the interests of serb unity ; [ 2 ] he ran kosovo as a police state [ 3 ] and made serbs dominant in the socialist autonomous province of kosovo 's nomenklatura . 
  [ 2 ] rankovi\u0107 supported a hardline approach against albanians in kosovo who were commonly suspected of pursuing seditious activities -  his fall from power marked the beginning of the end of a centralized power structure of the league of communists of yugoslavia over the country and the social and political separatist and autonomist movements that would culminate in the croatian spring and the newly de-centralized yugoslavia that emerged from the 1971 constitutional reforms and later the 1974 constitution . 
  -  ** rankovi\u0107 's policies have been perceived as the basis of the serbian nationalist agenda of slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 ** in 1971 , you have `` croatian spring '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_spring  the croatian spring ( croatian : hrvatsko prolje\u0107e , also called masovni pokret or maspok , for `` mass movement '' ) was a political movement from the early 1970s that called for democratic and economic reforms in sfr yugoslavia and therefore more rights for croatia within yugoslavia . 
  in 1971 , the yugoslav authorities suppressed the movement by force . 
  and then in 1980/1 you have massive protest in kosovo by albanians ( caused by rankovi\u0107 policies ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo  even though they were disproved by police statistics , [ 78 ] [ page needed ] they received wide play in the serbian press and that led to further ethnic problems and eventual removal of kosovo 's status . 
  beginning in march 1981 , kosovar albanian students of the university of pristina organised protests seeking that kosovo become a republic within yugoslavia along with human rights . 
  [ 79 ] the protests were brutally suppressed by the police and army , with many protesters arrested . 
  [ 80 ] during the 1980s , ethnic tensions continued with frequent violent outbreaks against yugoslav state authorities resulting in a further increase in emigration of kosovo serbs and other ethnic groups . 
  [ 81 ] [ 82 ] the yugoslav leadership tried to suppress protests of kosovo serbs seeking protection from ethnic discrimination and violence . 
  [ 83 ] and then in 1987 mil\u0161evi\u0107 goes to kosovo ... and uses kosovo serbs to remove leaders of vojvodina , kosovo and crna gora and install his puppets . 
  that gave milo\u0161evi\u0107 four out of eight votes in yugoslav presidium making him the one person who controlled everything . 
  slovenia and croatia did n't like ... mostly for economic reasons explained in `` croatian spring '' ( money earned by croatian tourism would end up in belgrade for example ) , same for slovenia . 
  you have to understand that slovenia and croatia were far more developed than southern republics or even serbia itself . 
  the biggest dam in serbia ? 
  paid by croatia . 
  and that 's basically it ... ohhh ... 
  i could go further in the past , ww2 , pre-ww2 and first unification of yugoslavia to paint even better picture if you want . 
  sorry , but that 's no argument at all . 
  as long as nationalists can get votes they get by being nationalists there will be no change . 
  why work and actually do when you can get support by attacking others ? 
  and do n't get me wrong ... 
  i ca n't fucking believe that a party that has been convicted of stealing public funds ( hdz ) and whose former prime minister is on ** four ** trials for corruption can get more than 30 % of support . 
  and their program ? 
  `` fighting communists '' that do n't exist , stirring up nationalistic feelings cyrilic in vukovar ) and supporting war veterans ... and that 's all . 
  how fucking dumb are people ? 
  and that 's all ... 
   reform the taxation system ( eg : connecting in real time the receipt machines of each shop with a central database of the ministry of economics ) in a form that will start killing tax evasion . 
  we did that . 
  it showed * some * results , but much less than expected . 
  i think we are trying to sell whole system to greece . 
  there was an uproar last summer when inspectors closed shops on the coast during tourism season for as little as 50 eurocents extra . 
   also make the legislation more appealing to possible investors to come here much more important . 
   reduction of the bureaucracy should the first thing to do  impose heavy fines to those who employ uninsured personnel ( that 's been killing us slowly ) we managed to deal with that . 
  all salaries go through bank and you ca n't pay the salary unless you paid insurance and taxes on the person 's salary . 
  works pretty nice . 
  you can still pay someone in cash if you do n't register that person , but there are heavy fines and employers do n't like to take their chances . 
   if we 'd really wanted to do serious reforms instead of bollocks , we would n't need to reduce pensions/wages and impose new taxes . 
  we 're doing this all wrong , fellas . . you probably have same problem as we ... no real reforms and having to pay a lot on transfers from the budget . 
  our budget grew 20 % during six years in which we lost 15 % of gdp . 
  that 's fucking stupid and now the only thing keeping us afloat are low interest rates . 
  when i grew up in yugoslavia there were a few things i never expected . 
  war in yugoslavia ? 
  impossible . 
  war between ukraine and russia ? 
  even less possible . 
  and here we are . 
  you are not there yet , it 's still relatively low intensity , but if it flares up during the summer it might become really bloody . 
  grab for power . 
  root of everything . 
   nationalism is hell of a drug . 
  unfortunately it 's still strong . 
   it gave it to nationalities , not republics . 
  no , it did n't . 
  this is simply not true . 
  yap , it 's weird . 
  when you compare them to [ \u00c1lvaro de baz\u00e1n-class frigate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%81lvaro_de_baz%c3%a1n-class_frigate ) they are really underarmed . 
  that 's similar to work here , getting kids to school and to stay in school so they could integrate better . 
  there is some success with higher numbers going to high school and achieving better grades . 
  from what i read nansens can have additional vls installed , unless that 's what you mean as fully equipped . 
  ahhh , same approach as norway . 
   and who is denying serbian crimes here ? 
  and is this topic even about that ? 
  no one was talking about the fucking war until you came from the left field with those images . 
  it was something it was said in the original post , that most people here do n't know what `` remove kebab '' means . 
   you are spamming those images for few days now , only in this thread you posted them 3 times , and the op is about isis btw , not about the war in ex yu that happened 25 years ago . 
  why ? 
  not spamming . 
  maybe it was a mistake to post them here . 
   a meme created by a turk and macedonian albanian to parody serbian nationalism btw . 
  ya , it 's stupid . 
   nah that ca n't be it , as you have n't shown same degree of empathy toward some other civilian victims . 
  i know , cause i 've read your jokes about operation `` storm '' and nato bombing of serbia ... 
  if i ever joked about any victims i am sorry , but i am pretty sure i did n't . 
  please provide links for those jokes . 
  i have always condemned war crimes committed by croats ... 
  i am disgusted that someone would kill an innocent girl like `` mer\u010depovci '' did iz zagreb in 1991 . 
  it is disgusting what they did and it is disgusting that croatian state let them go . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  and there are no words to describe how bad it was . 
  they took a girl from her home and executed her ... fucking animals . 
   i 'd say you are just a sad person , with so much hate that you have to spread it around .
