  not scout , light attack . 
  these can carry hellfire missiles and with pzh 2000 we are getting mean our armed forces can conduct much wider range of operations . 
  also , it will be nice to have them if we enter shengen area since they have very nice sensor array and our border is fucking huge . 
   where are you finding these people ? 
  he said he is in belgrade . 
   or some drunk fuck shooting in the air , because we still have a culture of shooting in the air to celebrate here . 
  considering how your picnics look , that was my first thought . 
  i am surprised it is n't more with everything going on . 
  anyone thinking this is n't done with some american doing hint , hint , nudge , nudge in the background is a fool . 
  we have shipped weapons to afghanistan , iraq and * cough * jordan * cough *, 
   we do n't spend our oil money at all that would be impossible here . 
  and that 's why we are where we are . 
  depends where you go . 
  it 's very common , some even leave towels over night . 
  remove towels ? 
  we burn only polish towels . 
  and tell them it was germans . 
   canadian ankles i 'll be back in 5 minutes, 
  de-sand ? 
  i am still finding sand from last year in my car . 
  no biggie . 
  there are some crazy nice sand beaches . 
  remember all the bullshit before our referendum to join ? 
  those eurosceptic shits told so many lies to make people vote against joining . 
  i wish we could put them in jail . 
  not worrying about next election cycle allows you to make long term plans . 
  no montenegro ? 
  weird, 
  this is one of the dumbest things i read on reddit . 
  too bad / r/shitspaniardssay does n't exist, 
  it 's really shitty when government starts to tell you what to do in your bedroom . 
  `` close your eyes and think of england ! '', 
  this is a great way to run a country . 
  from the current position it was a lose-lose . 
  back then it was probably different . 
  also , there were demonstrations in zagreb and people got killed when we joined , so it 's not that rosey . 
  mixed feelings . 
  on the one hand we got out of austro-hungary , on the other hand we ended in yugoslavia . 
  lose-lose for us . 
   we all know how the soviet union ended up , both during the war and after . 
  winning the war and controlling half of europe ? 
  it 's not about keeping military in check , but people . 
  lightly armed militia ca n't fight modern military , but sure as hell can put some fear into people . 
  considering belgium is like western europe 's yugoslavia , who knows ... who knows man . 
  oh look , half french half dutch trying to make fun of decision making in other countries . 
   find me a political group less capable than these when it comes to logical thinking in europe and i will vote for erdogan . 
  how about hdz voters in croatia ? 
  hdz ( the party ) was sentenced in croatian court for stealing public funds and they vote for them because of patriotism ? 
  you have to be really special to give power to those who steal from you because of patriotism . 
   let 's hope they manage to improve the services and make it profitable again . 
  italians ? 
  sure . 
   the other problem is that godforsaken shitholes like saud arabia and the gulf states have been supporting terrorism , and the spread of wahhabi extremism for decades - all the while being `` allies '' of the usa . 
  yap , they spent billions of dollars promoting wahhabism all over the world and are directly responsible for spread of islamic terrorism . 
  well , there were some decisions by the brits that made bosnian war worse , some even say it was deliberate , but as everything it needs to be put into context and discussed rationally . 
  americans were for unity of yugoslavia in 1990/91 and it was their support for unity that was cited as one of reasons jna started the war in slovenia . 
  they also voted for arms embargo . 
  they changed their policies around 1993 , during bosnian war . 
   you can stop worrying for croatia which is already `` safe '' in the eu . 
  not really , i wish it was that simple . 
  every croat in bosnia has croatian citizenship ... and bosnia is fucked up even for balkans . 
  this is why i support eu . 
  i hope we will get something like this here in the balkans . 
  if france and germany can do it , we can do it as well . 
  i really do n't want my kids to live through another war . 
  there is no point in war ... no one wins in the end . 
  i really do n't understand how anyone expects there wo n't be major job losses in the city if it ca n't operate ( as it did so far ) in the eu anymore . 
  `` passporting '' rights were a large part of why many banks have so many people in the city . 
  if they are gone , those men have nothing to do . 
  i just love this one about german car manufacturers ... http://www.smmt.co.uk/2016/01/best-year-in-a-decade-for-british-car-manufacturing-as-exports-reach-record-high/  21 january 2016 british manufacturers made more cars in 2015 than any year since 2005 when 1,595,697 vehicles were produced , according to figures released today by the society of motor manufacturers and traders ( smmt ) . 
  production increased 3.9 % on 2014 , with output at 1,587,677 overtaking pre-recession levels for the first time .1 -  however , the economic recovery in europe , the uk 's biggest trading partner , boosted demand for uk-built cars considerably by 11.3 % in 2015 . 
  the region now accounts for 57.5 % of all uk car exports . 
  geeeee ... germans are shaking in their boots . 
  germans were trying to push frankfurt over london for years , this is their chance to actually do it ... why would they want to help british banks at all ? 
  same for others . 
  france , ireland , the netherlands are all looking to get some of that financial action that is currently going on in london for themselves . 
  there is a reason us is building only 3 zumwalts and more burkes . 
  ships are good , it 's just that there are too many different classes . 
   yugoslavia particularly is a shame and an embarasement for us that we stood by as our neighbours killed each other and we just stood by doing nothing , waiting for the us to push for intervention . 
  actually , us was for unity of yugoslavia which was one of the factors that led jna ( yugoslav army ) to start its intervention in slovenia . 
  us changed their position in 1993 , after the mess in bosnia . 
  also , arms embargo was voted in the un by us and european countries that was also helping yugoslav / serb side because they had most weapons . 
  so no , you did n't stand by , you took action . 
   getting eu national governments to accept the losses of thousands of jobs and a prestige industry will not be easy , even without the uk spoiling things . 
  speaking of ships ... you can build even more if you do n't have so many different classes of modern destroyers in eu navies . 
  germans did n't build 4 sachsens because they ended up too expansive . 
  joint r&d would cut costs and made possible to build more ships . 
  and let 's not even start with frigates and smaller ships . 
  conscripts cost . 
  it 's not like they pay for themselves . 
  we have ended conscription because it costs too much , professional army is actually cheaper . 
  just look at modern destroyers in european navies , each country made its own version and so much money was spent on r&d instead on building more ships . 
  it took them only 20 years to start . 
   ( polski fiat/fso ) 126p ( `` small fiat ; a little one '' - maluch in polish ) - nothing really good ( although it was easy `` peglica '' - little iron ( for ironing clothes ), 
  5.45 mm aks were from former eastern germany military , also helmets , uniforms and other stuff . 
  wrong . 
  there was a lot of former eastern germany surplus in croatian army , helmets , uniforms and those really good 5.45 mm aks . 
  afaik , some t-55 tanks as well , but i am not 100 % sure on that . 
  yap , that 's it . 
  that 's how you got anti-vaxxers .
