  how exactly were greeks treated ? 
  they got help for the mess they did and when told that they ca n't continue to spend like drunk sailors they do n't want to listen ?? 
  ya , poor greeks . 
  and whose job is to to deal with that ? 
  greek government 's . 
   it 's not going to end austerity in general . 
  no , it will be even worse . 
  things that caused all this are still there and that 's why troika insists on reforms . 
  the fact is that greece used loans to pay for social transfers and other expanses and that greek economy ca n't support greek budget . 
  drachma wo n't change this and it will probably make it worse if they start printing money . 
  they 'll end up in high inflation / hyperinflation and only thing to solve that is some sort of austerity . 
  it will be called something else , but once again wo n't change what they need to do . 
  instead of playing games , greek government should explain to their people that you ca n't spend more than you make forever . 
  if you have inflated your gdp with loans and there are no more loans ... gdp goes down to the level sustainable by what your economy produces . 
  very simple . 
  spend what you make . 
  it 's not about bloated public sector . 
  we depend on tourism as well , levels of corruption are high , very large portion of population depends on transfers , very high unemployment , lowest rate of employment of people of working age in europe ... and so on . 
  only thing keeping us floating right now are historically low interest rates that allowed us to take more loans and somehow survive . 
  once this stops , we are fucked . 
  we had 6 years of recession , lost 15-20 % of gdp , but budget went up every year . 
  can you guess how ? 
  loans , loans and more loans . 
  without new loans our government would n't be able to pay interest on current loans and as soon as interest rates go up ... no one knows how we will be able to pay anything . 
  and no , we ca n't devalue kuna because everything ( loans ) is tied to euros and / or swiss franck , so as soon as we try to play with exchange rates all loan payments go up which is a sure way to hyperinflation . 
  maybe we are not in eurozone , but we are tied to euro enough that any devaluing of kuna is political suicide . 
   what were they supposed to do ? 
  fix their damn country . 
  and before everyone starts to downvote me , i live in a country with same problems as greece and i see same shit every day . 
  i fucking hope eu , imf and others would press our morons into doing what is needed , we take out loans to pay for overblown public sector while the shit governments do destroys any hope that private sector will ever start doing anything productive . 
  it 's easier to blame others for your own fuckups . 
  greece needs to realize this . 
  there is no fucking way to keep everything they were paying by loans unless they start producing stuff . 
  but germans and eu and imf are devils and poor greeks are victims . 
  go to ukraine , have a blast !, 
  depends where you go . 
  [ whole nin is basically one really big sand beach ] ( https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1401&amp;bih=705&amp;q=nin%2c+zadar&amp;oq=nin%2c+zadar&amp;gs_l=img.3..0j0i5i30j0i24l2.1524.3321.0.3651.10.10.0.0.0.0.159.1034.4j5.9.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..1.9.1031.0kumvsdptfw ) drop by in / r/croatia for travel / vacation advice . 
  you are known as a vacation spot . 
  http://www.thestarphoenix.com/cms/binary/10908903.jpg http://media.guim.co.uk/3588e5bb54ee5b4167cf9593ff6b05c200e678b5/0_344_5035_3020/5035.jpg, 
   it was not a random target ... 
  exactly . 
  and there was an attack in france today , so it might be linked . 
   we still have kurwa , but c\u00f3ra * is an archaic form for daughter ( these days c\u00f3rka is more popular ) . 
  daughter is k\u0107erka . 
  we have cura ( girl ) and kurva ( whore ) . 
  foreign legion anyone ? 
  oooops ... will remember next time . 
  sky people have spoken . 
  i understand your point and you are right . 
  if russia really attacked ukraine would lose ... they are getting better and full attack might become too expansive for russians , but if they did attack last year in full , ukraine would have lost . 
   yes jna officers were lacking definitely , it was like a half-assed war in some ways . 
  it took them some time to decide what they want and by the time they decided we managed to get some weapons ... mostly from barracks we took . 
  jna was fucking dumb to circle vukovar for so long , if they kept going through slavonia we would probably lose in 1991 . 
  and yes , if russia really invades it would be much worse . 
  it is still relatively small intensity fighting around two cities / districts unlike croatia in 1991 with hundreds of kilometers of frontline . 
  we mobilzed over 200 000 men in 6 months in 1991 , went from no army to 60 fully operational brigades in that time . 
  us / nato bombed serb targets in bosnia in 1995 , but nowhere close to what they did in 1999 when they bombed serbia . 
  there was no bombing of serbian targets in croatia by us / nato . 
  us bombed serbia after our war ended . 
  we were n't . 
  we were in much worse position then ukraine . 
  when the war started we did n't have anything ... and in 6 months we had more people under arms than ukraine . 
  no heavy weapons , nothing ... as i said , we were given shotguns while serbian planes bombed our city . 
  kinda not equal , yes ? 
   and unlike yugoslavia where serbia and croatia were equally strong , here one side is way stronger than the others , so everything gets solved `` with less problems '' . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  i was standing guard in my city with a fucking shotgun and 2 bullets while serbian planes were dropping bombs . 
  equally strong ???? 
   just wondering , do you get a lot of people these days that want to specifically visit dubrovnik , because of its role as king 's landing in game of thrones ? 
  yap , but there are more got sets in croatia and when we tell them they are grateful . 
  we have king 's landing , meereen , braavos and some other locations . 
   whole system is based on traditional ** man = woman ** relationships you have some weird traditions . 
  because i live in croatia ... but i 'll explain . 
  a lot of south slavic surnames are made from name of the father in possessive form + `` i\u0107 '' ... in this case it would mean son of rizvan ( rizvan + ov + i\u0107 ) , which is a muslim name . 
  he is also from biha\u0107 which is mostly muslim part of bosnia . 
  these facts almost guarantee he is a muslim . 
  he might not be religious , he might even be an atheist , but in yugoslavia muslim were recognized as ethnicity , just like croats or serbs , so there were atheist muslims in communist party . 
  another possibility is that he or his parents identified as yugoslav , but that does n't change his background or his ancestry . 
  http://www.behindthename.com/name/ri51zvan  usage : turkish, 
   is there actual proof of them having buk 's ? 
  lol . 
  and they make t72 tanks or msta howitzers in their basements from scrap metal ? 
  buks also ? 
  a guy next door is making at missiles ? 
  i have had some discussions about that and i am treading lightly . 
  let 's say i dissagree to a point on some of these things ... not really his personal ideas , but more on political stuff that was going in the background . 
  the whole idea of yugoslavia and what it meant for nations that joined . 
   killing franz ferdinand made it possible for the serbs to gain independence from austria-hungary . 
  unfortunately it also set off world war 1 . 
  what ? 
  serbia was never under austria-hungary and it was an independent state when ww1 broke out . 
   the rebels are being supported by russia , and it is very arguable if with military support ( non-lethal aid like uniforms is given ) . 
  sure , all those tanks and heavy artillery are locally made from scrap metal . 
  you have to be delusional to think russia is n't supplying heavy weapons at this point . 
   a resolved action between all of us and russia will back down . 
  that could start much serious war no one really wants . 
  the west is doing a lot to help ukraine , but this is their fight . 
  there are western troops in ukraine training and helping and that 's as far as the west can help . 
  ukrainian problem is n't weapons , they have shitloads , but training . 
  that is a muslim surname .
