  oil kings will give billions of dollars to create chaos so they can rule their shitholes a little bit longer . 
  the real enemy here is those who are paying for this chaos . 
  on one border crossing in a small town where they knew those people will come . 
  there is simply no way for slovenia to control the border once those migrants disperse . 
   you should pick a stance and stick to it . 
  hahahahahaha ... those morons in our government have n't done that in 4 years they were running the country why would they start now ? 
  seriously , they are totally incapable of sticking to their own ideas and plans . 
  we are going in a very wrong direction . 
  you build a refugee camps near slovenian border with no fences . 
  you come next morning , nobody there . 
  problem solved . 
  any bosnians around to answer ? 
   croatian authorities had over a month to prepare , they seemed very confident that they will handle the situation right . 
  after 24 hour they gave up . 
  that 's our government . 
  do n't worry , they do same shit here . 
  reforms they promised ? 
  they gave up . 
  new laws ? 
  they gave up . 
   so my question is : what were croatia 's expectations ? 
  our expectation were that there will be a flood of migrants coming to croatia . 
  milanovi\u0107 ( pm ) is a fucking moron if he could n't see what is going on . 
  the moment you guys started to build the fence we should have started to prepare for this . 
  and , as i already mentioned , milanovi\u0107 is a fucking moron . 
  not really , relations with hungary are probably worse than any other country because of oil company deals made by orban 's friends who bribed former croatian pm and it 's a clusterfuck . 
   is n't that a 180 \u00b0 turnaround from what croatian officials proclaimed just two or so days ago ? 
  i remember them saying , that they would have the situation under control after hungary closed its borders . 
  we remember that as well . 
  welcome to our glorious government . 
   it 's clear that cro and slo governments were totally unprepared , that 's what boggles my mind . 
  this did n't start yesterday . 
  they have been coming for some time and hungary was building that fence . 
  what the fuck did our government think those people will do ? 
  turn back ? 
   so basically they were showing off and fucked up . 
  what a surprise for this government . 
  now they are backpedalling and trying to contain panic . 
   just getting votes for the upcoming election or what ? 
  ( serious question , i do n't understand his motive at all ) . 
  me neither . 
  one of things we are discussing on / r/croatia right now . 
   i just heard that maybe hour ago on hrt , and i was like `` wow he have some balls to troll like this '' he is a moron , we are still in deep shit economically and we ca n't afford this . 
  and they were claiming 20 000 will come in next two weeks just day or two ago . 
  they were completely unprepared and they are slowly changing their tune and attitude . 
  we lost 14500 jobs in the last year and they are celebrating 1.2 % increase in bdp while they took over 10 billion euros of new loans in less than four years . 
  fucking retards . 
  it 's our retarded government . 
  i am fucking surprised 10k people is such a problem , we had 500k during the war . 
  and milanovi\u0107 making all those statements and trying to be the biggest humanitarian in europe ... fucking retard . 
  i hear they already have experience with camps for muslims . 
  it 's geography . 
  going from serbia to hungary ( schengen ) is much easier than bosnia  croatia  slovenia with mountains , rivers and minefields . 
  because there are no blueprints of the minefields and mines are live in the ground . 
  no one really knows where are all the mines . 
  [ mine technician died yesterday and another was seriously injured , article in croatian ] ( http://www.vecernji.hr/crna-kronika/prilikom-razminiravanja-tesko-ozlijedena-dva-pirotehnicara-1024623 ) people are still dying in the minefields . 
  not many roads on danube or sava rivers . 
   the image above counts only 29 ships in that category . 
  that 's about one per member . 
  i think that 's ridiculously tiny . 
  than you have no idea how capable ( and expansive ) are those ships . 
   the only thing we have lots of are small ships - frigates https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horizon-class_frigate  displacement : 7,050 t that 's no small ship . 
  what other navy is bigger than eu navy ? 
  except for us navy . 
  millions of turks live and work in eu . 
   someone yap ... . * someone *, 
  possible . 
  just weird . 
  dra\u0161kovi\u0107 and \u0160e\u0161elj have croatian roots and ... well ... everything is possible . 
   montenegrin/croat urm ... . 
   depends on what you compare it to . 
  i think it looks small compared to the other big ones . 
  like ? 
  it 's smaller and less capable only when compared to the us navy . 
  russian navy is a joke and only thing making it somewhat relevant are subs . 
  most of them were probably born in australia . 
  ahhhh ... eu = european too many times in my head, 
   uh ... it 's an illustration of how vanishingly small it is . 
  as always , perspective is everything . 
  small ? 
  not really . 
  there was always an option to upgrade them . 
   the mistrals have been used in the past to evacuate refugees from war zones and deliver aid supplies to countries that had suffered from natural disasters . 
  one was used for operation in mali . 
  dixmude if i recall correctly . 
  it is . 
  nansens are a bit tricky because they have aegis , but very few vls cells , but the rest are all pretty capable ships . 
  type 23 and similar ships are under mm ffg and ffl . 
  so many classes ... 
  horizon , type 45 , alvaro de bazan , nansen , de zeven provincien , sachsen , huitfeldt are all probably under aaw ddg and aaw ffg . 
  eu combined forces are much bigger and stronger than anything else in the world except for the us . 
   they would be quite useful if the eu had to operate in the baltic sea , given that a large amount of russian threats toward the nordic nations and baltics involve seizure operations against their various islands . 
  a big part of self defense that gets overlooked these days is liberating territory captured by the enemy . 
  not really . 
  baltic is n't a place for big ships . 
  russians have some of the best ashms in the world . 
   in the mediterranean , a ship like the mistral has excellent capabilities when it comes to humanitarian missions . 
  it can manage several helicopters simultaneously , serve as a hospital , and deploy landing craft that need no premade harbors . 
  it can rescue sinking vessels , treat the seriously injured , and take people off of overloaded island communities straight from the beaches . 
  much better place for them .
