  nato bombed serbia in 1999 , 4 years after the wars in croatia and bosnia ended . 
  we did n't . 
  it was only in 1995 that americans decided to help . 
  during operation `` maslenica '' france threatened military actions against croatia . 
  they even sent an aircraft carrier into adriatic . 
  and nato was enforcing arms embargo . 
  american ordered tudjman to stop before entering banja luka and it was americans and dayton that forced croatian forces to withdraw from some towns . 
  croatian forces were just 20km from banja luka when americans intervened and told us to stop . 
  after dayton we also had to pull from some parts of bosnia and those ended in rs . 
  orthodox priest gives speech to soldiers . 
  they travel . 
  men are taken from the back of a truck . 
  their hands tied behind their back . 
  men are forced to lay down . 
  men are taken into the woods . 
  men are shot in the back . 
  it 's the most expansive place in croatia . 
   dark kozel in the brewery in plzen mmmmmm ... there is a pub here that has it . 
  great beer . 
  per ... what ? 
  we had drunk british soldiers from bosnia partying on the coast , i think mongolians are nicer . 
  dubrovnik cheap ? 
  maybe for them . 
  it just shows how fucked we are . 
   13 billion euros of austerity , but with a haircut on the debt which actually allows for a long term solution . 
  agreed . 
  also , there is a timeline to what happened . 
  serbia itself was n't attacked or invaded . 
  slovenia , croatia and bosnia were . 
  i am always surprised how hard it is to even acknowledge that . 
  the tanks were n't going from croatia into serbia . 
  the volunteers from croatia did n't fight in serbia and so on ... 
  it 's fucking simple , but you will never hear that . 
  well , they rejected that evil plan that called for 8bn in austerity and had a referendum ... and now they need 13bn in austerity because of that . 
  always playing the victim . 
   literally the only thing that was accomplished by this is pushing serbia and serbs away from the eu . 
  which , i 'm sure , many of you here would like bullshit , maybe serbia and serbs need to address what was done in their name in 1990 's and how many people were killed because of the wars started in the serb name ? 
  during operation `` maslenica '' france threatened to bomb our forces and our navy even sent missile boats with orders to fire on french ships if they do it . 
   russia was one of first to sign sanctions against us in the un and to stop any weapons , arms and spare parts delivery to our forces . 
  jna had enough weapons to last for years ... you ca n't be serious . 
   they ? 
  civilians who ran way ? 
  collectively . 
  most males were issued weapons in 1990/91 and in some way were part of serb forces in krajina . 
  krajina was completely cleansed of croats between 91 and 95 . 
  i know you guys have different views , but it was really bad in 1991 to be a croat in krajina . 
  really bad . 
  it was n't . 
  what happened after it could be called that , but operation itself was pretty clean . 
  i guess you consider everything that happened as oluja . 
  i am thinking the same . 
  french are helping to make greek proposal , while merkel squeezes even more . 
  that already happened . 
  maturity , interest rates , that was already done . 
  they are already paying for our defence anyway . 
  let them pay for the police as well so we can have even better health care . 
  i guess whole europe could use just one pd from the us . 
  [ german police fired just 85 bullets total in 2011 ] ( http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/05/11/11662345-german-police-fired-just-85-bullets-total-in-2011 ), 
   five of the shootings involved police , reports cbs chicago , and two male teens were killed by officers in separate incidents . 
  two dead in five shootings ? 
  insane compared to european statistics . 
  meanwhile in america : [ 82 shot , 14 fatally , over holiday weekend in chicago ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/report-82-shot-14-killed-in-chicago-4th-of-july-weekend-shootings/ ), 
  the bankers are keeping the banks closed just to make him look bad !, 
  it did , but not in some big way . 
  a lot happened before we joined , when we had to change laws and start getting things in order . 
  i like the idea that we can go anywhere in the eu , freedom of movement and i am really hoping that our idiot government will start pulling more money from eu funds . 
  there was a lot of noise from anti-eu people , like they 'll make people stop making brandy or that you wo n't be able to sell cheese in an open market ... it was all bullshit and the only thing that actually happened is that all these products have to be checked and properly transported . 
  like this : http://arhiva.nacional.hr/clanak/13903/ulaskom-u-eu-s-trznica-ce-nestati-sir-i-vrhnje you can still buy `` sir i vrhnje '' on markets . 
  we had to rename some products , but we also made deals that some of our stuff is protected ... and so on . 
  i really hope we can all stop nationalistic nonsense and get our economies in order . 
  i admire serbia on measures it took to get on track with economy and only wish our government would do the same . 
  so many foreign investors choose serbia because it seems like serbia is really investment friendly . 
  good job . 
  you stole that from us !, 
  ( j/k , more or less it 's the same language ), 
  yes !, 
  and the world !, 
  i expected the worst . 
  have you seen junker slapping eu leaders ? 
  now that 's a gaffe !, 
  or anything berlusconi said ever . . we banned him from / r/croatia because he makes no sense , posts most idiotic topics and has even threatened moderators when we told him to chill down . 
  ignore . 
  the best approach . 
  / u/davorzdralo you can guess from his name . 
  croat , probably herzegovina . 
  this is typical herzegovian name . 
   the funny thing is , our people usually hang together when they live far away somewhere in the eu . 
  it 's stupid . 
  nationalism , not hanging out together . 
   they must have done something with it , really !, 
  it 's been 25 years . 
  http://www.tportal.hr/vijesti/svijet/136392/austrijanci-se-hvale-avionom-rudolfa-peresina.html  do you remember that air strike on a hungarian village ? 
  i think i do . 
  well , some have even worse vat and i do n't see why would anyone be against it . 
  greece needs to start living in its means and paying its bills . 
   so seselj is basically the balkan joker , intelligent , but psychotic and evil . 
  except , considering he 's balkan , he 's also fat ( from all that tasty burek ) . 
   ) i 'll laugh , but he is a really disgusting human being . 
  you make great points  ) ) ), 
   once they got the poor market , they expanded .
