  photo : david marcelis/the wall street journal by the 1990s , `` it was the beer your parents would pick , '' said fabrizio bucella , a mathematics and physics professor at the university of brussels and a zythologist . 
  he and friends carefully avoided stella back then , when they were students . 
  `` if you wanted to be cool , you had to drink something else . '' mcdonald 's said its belgian unit switched from stella to jupiler in the early 2000s . 
  take a look at other recent a-heds one of the few places a body can find stella on tap in brussels is le roy d\u2019espagne , a tavern on grand place that includes stella in its belgian beer-tasting package aimed at foreign tourists . 
  stella remains predominant in parts of flanders , belgium 's dutch-speaking northern region , ab inbev said . 
  `` i feel i have to drink stella because i 'm from leuven , '' said vincent roggeband on a rainy august afternoon , as he enjoyed a glass of jupiler on the city 's oude markt . 
  he drank jupiler that day , he said , because he is an avid pok\u00e9mon go player . 
  `` i found a pok\u00e9mon lure right in front of this bar , and it only sold jupiler . '' `` to be honest , '' he said , `` i think both beers kind of taste the same . '' the ingredients are identical : barley malt , hops , corn , yeast and water . 
  ab inbev says stella 's unique yeast strain , its variety of hops and processing set it apart but wo n't release additional details . 
  much of stella and jupiler is produced at a brewery a mile away from leuven 's oude markt , occasionally using the same vats . 
  in advertising abroad , ab inbev often touts stella 's origins , which it says date to the 1366 founding of a leuven brewery it acquired centuries later . 
  a recent tv ad gives a fictionalized depiction of how sebastian artois bought the brewery he renamed after himself in 1717 . 
  billboards outside the u.s. open tennis tournament in new york two years ago described stella as `` the top seeded belgian . '' in belgium , tv ads for stella are nonexistent , said arnaud hanset , ab inbev 's marketing director for the country . 
  the company is making a targeted effort to associate the brand with premium restaurants and nightlife spots . 
  ab inbev recently replaced the traditional cylindric stella glass for a fancier `` chalice '' in which the beer was already served abroad . 
  `` we 're trying to build a brand internationally but also really revive it in belgium , '' said ab inbev communications director karen couck , adding that stella sales in belgium have picked up a bit lately . 
  mr. sabourin , the owner of la loire , the bar with the neon stella artois sign , had been selling stella for decades but dropped it in 2008 . 
  he gave it another shot for this year 's european soccer championships , during which beer consumption skyrockets . 
  `` i struggled selling it quickly enough , '' he said . 
  `` i was worried the keg would stay open too long , and the beer would turn sour . '' when the tournament ended july 10 , so did stella 's second chance at la loire . 
  mr. sabourin pasted a jupiler-branded cardboard coaster on the tap that once spewed stella . 
  he has no plans to remove the neon sign , saying it is n't likely a customer will ask for a stella . 
  `` also , i like the way it looks . '', 
  this is the first time i have seen it . 
  seems interesting , why delete it ? 
  it 's article 50 , not 17 . 
  they were wrong , the stream goes from our side to italy . 
  ya , but you forget how streams in adriatic work . 
  your shit goes to us and than our shit and your shit go to italy . 
  and italians do n't even notice because of all the shit they dump from the river po . 
   plus it 's already peged to the euro on a 1:1 value anyways . 
  you mean 1:7.5 ? 
  it 's been around that for years , decades even . 
   the new pipeline can pump 4,000 litres of booze an hour i see a challenge, 
   a beer pipeline is something i can get ~ ~ behind ~ ~ under ftfy, 
  i do n't even recall him posting on / r/croatia whatever . 
  maybe he 'll get the other two guys in slovenia and come looking for me ? 
  could you quote a single insult i wrote ? 
  this tells more about you than anything i could write . 
   but since the rule of law does not exist in croatia or is discriminatory towards lb it was a futile task and here is the lawsuit . 
  lol . 
  and rule of law exists in slovenia where you can claim that all debts are null and void and now they are somehow legit ? 
  what kind of rule of law was when you created `` nova ljubljanska banka '' and did n't accept any claim for savings from anyone outside of slovenia ? 
  let me guess , slovenian citizens did n't have problems with getting their money out of this `` new '' bank ? 
  hypocrites . 
  seems i struck a nerve . 
  can you provide some information on how and why did ljubljanska banka stop to exist ? 
  why is there `` nove ljubljanska banka '' instead of it ? 
  is n't this the same slovenia that claimed for decades that old debts of ljubljanska banka are null and void ? 
  and that this entity does n't exist at all ? 
  you mean like this ? 
  http://www.foodrenegade.com/would-like-some-wood-pulp-your-shredded-cheese/  what keeps pre-packaged shredded cheese from clumping , low-fat ice cream creamy , and pre-made milk shakes smooth ? 
  you guessed it !, 
  wood pulp . 
  they call it `` cellulose , '' but it 's just powdered wood pulp . 
  the industry loves this stuff . 
  it 's cheap . 
  it helps stabilize food , lowers fat content , increases fiber . 
  did i say it 's cheap ? 
  i think there is a number of euro federalists who gambled that uk will vote leave and won . 
  deleted, 
  you have more chance of finding vito than tomislav , but boys have more traditional names than girls . 
  luna , zara , ema is more common than vesna or slavica . 
  i guess it also depends on a region where you live with more conservative regions have a higher percentage of traditional names . 
  not so sure . 
  most kids on the playgrounds and in kindergarten where my kids go have more modern names , specially girls . 
  those 350 million per week will come handy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janissaries  according to military historian michael antonucci and economic historians glenn hubbard and tim kane , the turkish administrators would scour their regions ( but especially the balkans ) every five years for the strongest sons of the sultan 's christian subjects . 
  these boys ( usually between the ages of 6 and 14 ) were then taken from their parents and given to turkish families in the provinces to learn turkish language and customs , and the rules of islam . 
  the recruits were indoctrinated into islam , forced into circumcision and supervised 24 hours a day by eunuchs . 
  they were subjected to severe discipline , being prohibited from growing a beard , taking up a skill other than soldiering , and marrying . 
  as a result , the janissaries were extremely well-disciplined troops , and became members of the askeri class , the first-class citizens or military class . 
  most were non-muslims , because it was not permissible to enslave a muslim . 
  [ 7 ] so , yes and no . 
  ya , it was such a delight to live under ottomans , for example your kids could be taken away , converted to islam and then used as yanissaries . 
  such honor that people used to mutilate their children so they are not taken away . 
   mikl\u00f3s zrinyi triggered, 
  i agree about the law . 
  put them in jail for long time , fires are n't a joke . 
  i know . 
  we have the same problems . 
  few years ago we had a catastrophic incident when 12 firefighters died ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_croatian_coast_fires#kornati_tragedy  it 's not normal for fires to start at 3 am , like most of them here . 
  same here . 
  pyromaniacs and negligent tourists cause most of the fires . 
  it would be much worse , but our fleet is pretty big . 
  6 canadairs , 6 air tracktors and bunch of choppers that can take massive amounts of water help containing fires . 
  just yesterday large part of the coast lost power due to big fire . 
  same here . 
  dunno about their fleet of firefighting aircraft , but our governments managed to get that right here . 
  one of very few things they did right . 
  exactly . 
  same problems we ( croatia ) have . 
  even if somehow all our debt is gone what would change ? 
  nothing ... actually , i think our politicians would take even more new debt . 
  did we reform public sector ? 
  nope . 
  no one even wants to start doing it . 
  one picture , one guy . 
  yes , some people have whole arsenals buried / stored . 
  one picture , one case .
