  there is n't much there to negotiate . 
  four freedoms come together . 
  access to the biggest and wealthiest market in the world ca n't be bad for economy . 
  over half a billion people living in first world conditions and they decided they do n't want it ? 
  you do n't think that imported ingredients also cost more ? 
  this is just the first wave before a flood . 
  the pound lost 15 % of its value and prices will adjust to that reality sooner or later . 
  are all ingredients also made in the uk ? 
  that could come very soon . 
  we call them `` ice creamers '', 
   but i know they are already pretty weak next to the rest of europe and it 's about to get a lot worse . 
  it wo n't matter because you can build a factory in romania with access to single market and cheaper workers . 
  they ca n't beat eastern european salaries in the uk . 
  we could use some f 16s instead of mig 21s also . 
  it would cost way too much to be an option at this point . 
  there were collaborators in every occupied country . 
   the carriers can be upgraded to catobar in the future at least . 
  they ca n't . 
   italy . 
  they are the only european country with two carriers currently . 
  also , they have 3 additional flat-tops of san giorgio class . 
  thai was second of her class . 
  http://www.naval-technology.com/projects/asturias/images/asturias6.jpg http://i.imgur.com/r21cibi.jpg, 
   `` then you read the comments under the articles and you read that ` communists lied us for 70 years ; there was no death camp in jasenovac , there was no genocide ; they lied about the ndh ' , '' he explained . 
  look , he read comments under articles . 
  fucking moron , should we check what kind of comments are made on news sites in the uk and generalize whole country over them ? 
  / r/croatia has 18k, 
  they sent 20 000 men to catch bela iv . 
  they failed . 
  i do n't know how slovenes define victory ( which is understandable ) or defeat , but here we use something like `` you win if you achieve your goal and you lose if you do n't '' . 
  i hear germans at stalingrad decided to regroup and not bother with something that they realised was not worth their time . 
   stopped the attack ya , if you stop an attack you kinda lose and it is called defeat because you did n't achieve your goals . 
  that 's the definition of losing . 
   and a happy cakeday / u/silence _ hr thanks , did n't even notice it . 
  here is something also interesting : [ ** underground bases along croatian coast made by yugoslav navy during communism . 
  it 's not perfect and it 's missing some stuff , but it 's still pretty cool . 
  [ this one is n't on the map ] ( http://www.zaton-zd.hr/wp-content/uploads/povijest_17.jpg ), 
  do you understand what it meas to lose tens of thousends of high paying jobs ? 
  people who can spend a lot of money on services ? 
  it 's not just taxes . 
  and when you lose so many high paying jobs it is good for the economy , no ? 
  but losing 40 , 50 or 100 thousend high paying jobs is also bad for london . 
  it 's not just tax money that will be gone . 
  how many other businesses will get in trouble if so many high paying jobs are gone ? 
  well , it 's hungarians ... 
  \u010ce\u0161ka in croatian . 
  an unexpected revival in france 's economy may have helped the eurozone avoid a further slowdown in the three months to september , according to surveys of purchasing managers at manufacturers and service providers in the currency area . 
  however , with germany slowing , there are few signs of the acceleration in the anemic pace of recovery that would be needed for the european central bank to meet its inflation target over coming years , although the surveys also found that businesses raised their prices for the first time in over 12 months . 
  a prolonged period of strikes over new labor laws led to fuel shortages and hobbled transport around france during the three months to june , contributing to a slight decline in economic output . 
  but without those hindrances , the surveys indicate the eurozone 's second-largest economy has bounced back in the third quarter . 
  ihs markit said a measure of french private-sector activity based on the questioning of 750 businesses and known as the composite purchasing managers index jumped to 53.3 in september from 51.9 in august to reach its highest level since june 2015 , and its joint-highest reading since august 2011 . 
  the revival was led by service providers , who also reported a jump in new orders that suggests the faster rate of growth may be sustained over coming months . 
  manufacturing activity continued to decline , but at a slower pace , and a separate survey released thursday by statistics agency insee recorded a sharp pickup in business leaders ' production outlook . 
  the eurozone economy has rarely been lifted simultaneously by all four of its largest members over the four years since it returned to growth , and while the third quarter has seen an apparent turnaround in france 's fortunes , germany has been losing steam . 
  ihs markit said the country 's composite pmi fell to 52.7 from 53.3 to hit a 16-month low . 
  in a reversal of the pattern seen in france , export-reliant manufacturers continued to thrive , while service providers that depend more on the domestic market struggled . 
  it was the first month for more than four years in which france 's measure exceeded that of germany . 
  those mixed fortunes left the eurozone economy as a whole stuck in a low-growth rut , with the composite pmi falling to 52.6 from 52.9 in august , a 20-month low . 
  that left the average reading for the third quarter below that of the second , although ihs markit said it was consistent with an unchanged 0.3 % rate of growth . 
  `` on a positive note we can say that the recovery has shown resilience in the immediate wake of the uk 's brexit vote although , equally , evidence of any meaningful pickup in momentum remains sparse , '' said cathal kennedy , an economist at rbc capital markets . 
  the organization for economic cooperation and development wednesday lowered its growth forecasts for the eurozone this year and next . 
  it now sees the economy expanding by 1.5 % in 2016 and 1.4 % in 2017 , having projected in june that gross domestic product would increase by 1.6 % and 1.7 % . 
  `` while employment continues to expand slowly , there is still significant slack in the labor market and there are few signs of inflation and wage pressures , '' the paris-based research body said . 
  the glacial pace of recovery is frustrating for the ecb , which has launched a series of stimulus packages since june 2014 that have included purchases of government and corporate bonds , as well as a negative interest rate on deposits from banks . 
  speaking during a conference at the ecb 's headquarters friday , ecb vice president vitor const\u00e2ncio said the recovery in the eurozone `` is taking longer than anyone expected , '' and `` has been a much softer recovery than most expected . '' over recent months , ecb president mario draghi has been calling ever more urgently on governments to help out by boosting spending and carrying out economic reforms . 
  `` it would be nice if [ central banks were ] helped by other policies , '' mr. const\u00e2ncio said . 
  there are some signs that governments are moving away from the narrow focus on cutting budget deficits that has characterized the years after the 2008 financial crisis . 
  germany 's government , long austerity 's champion , has promised $ 15 billion ( $ 16.8 billion ) in tax cuts to follow national elections next year . 
  however , that shift toward higher spending is n't coordinated with other members of the eurozone , which continue to be bound by rules requiring them to reduce their borrowings . 
  `` it will be more of a stealth easing through flexible application of budget rules that generally call for continued budgetary consolidation , '' said economists at the institute of international finance in a quarterly report . 
  `` only germany has sufficient space to make active choices , but the government is unlikely to break its hard commitment to a zero budget deficit . '' the eurozone 's annual rate of inflation remained at 0.2 % in august , far below the ecb 's target of just under 2 % . 
  and while the surveys of purchasing managers suggest businesses have at least stopped cutting their prices , weakening growth suggests they are unlikely to raise them aggressively over coming months . 
  `` with inflationary pressures also still relatively benign and business confidence at service providers dipping to a 21-month low , the door remains open for policy makers to provide further policy support later in the year if they see economic conditions moderate further , '' said rob dobson , an economist at ihs markit . 
  can you speed up brexit and keep them on your island ? 
  ya , well ... it seems like director is well known in russia for shitty movies , so i deleted it . 
  if it was anything else , i would leave it . 
  #belgians have a term for people who drink stella artois -- tourists # ** global sales buzz , but domestic drinkers fancy other brews ; ` metallically bitter ' ** by david marcelis sept. 16 , 2016 10:51 a.m. 
  et brussels -- michel sabourin , a 75-year-old bar owner , spends most days here tucked between his counter and a 5-foot pink neon sign touting `` stella artois , '' belgium 's best-sold beer world-wide . 
  do n't ask him for a stella , though . 
  he stopped selling it months ago . 
  `` i had to give up , '' he said . 
  `` i did n't have enough demand anymore . '' stella is ubiquitous in bars and restaurants abroad , where it is increasingly seen as one of the most distinctively belgian products . 
  in the country of its birth , the pilsner has gone flat . 
  laurent van der meeren , manager of la b\u00e9casse , a bar and restaurant in a southeastern brussels residential neighborhood , stopped selling stella in 2014 . 
  he replaced it with jupiler -- a pilsner owned , as is stella , by anheuser-busch inbev nv -- which he said is more popular with younger people . 
  `` i think it 's a generational thing , '' he said . 
  `` herbaceous , with a metallically bitter finish '' is how michael vermeren describes stella . 
  the southern-belgium chef and zythologist , as beer sommeliers like to call themselves , said it is the last of belgium 's mass-produced pilsners he would choose . 
  `` industrial beer is n't really my thing , '' he said . 
  `` stella is an everyman beer and its taste is designed to be liked by everyone . '' at home , stella had a 6.5 % market share last year , far behind jupiler 's 35 % , according to market-research firm euromonitor international . 
  on the bright side , `` it 's still the no . 
  3 lager in belgium , '' said todd allen , vice president for stella , which ab inbev said also trails heineken nv 's maes pils . 
  abroad , stella is more popular than ever , boosted by a marketing blitz and product placement . 
  on the silver screen , brad pitt , michael keaton and anne hathaway have sipped stella . 
  u.s. stella sales have more than quadrupled over the past decade , euromonitor said . 
  movie stars choose stella artois the belgian beer brand is more popular than ever outside its home country , boosted by slick product placement in high-profile hollywood productions of fullscreen stella shares a plight similar to a few global beer brands such as foster 's lager , whose well known `` australian for beer '' slogan plays heavily on its aussie roots and which accounted for 0.3 % of the beer drunk in australia last year , according to euromonitor . 
  stella was once belgium 's undeniable market leader , a brew so popular local mcdonald 's served it . 
  then in the late 1980s , the pilsner landed in the same portfolio as jupiler , after the two beers ' makers combined to create a company that would grow to become the world 's biggest brewer . 
  in a supermarket beer section in leuven , belgium , near the town 's stella artois brewery , a few cans of stella sit at the bottom right while jupiler pilsner is awarded the lion 's share of shelf space . 
  enlarge in a supermarket beer section in leuven , belgium , near the town 's stella artois brewery , a few cans of stella sit at the bottom right while jupiler pilsner is awarded the lion 's share of shelf space .
