  when hdz came to power the price of 1 km jumped 40 % and kept going up . 
  they even made an exit near the village where their pm was born and employed people from there to work ... . it 's the least used exit on all highways in croatia . 
  i know you did . 
  i am just explaining why would i prefer brussels to our politicians . 
  i did . 
  nationalism was a big part of the war , but economy was also an issue . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 used nationalism to get to power . 
  yugoslavia was ruled by 8 member committee , one from each republic and autonomous region ( kosovo and vojvodina ) . 
  after getting his people to power in serbia , kosovo , vojvodina and montenegro milo\u0161evi\u0107 had 4 out of 8 votes . 
  slovenia and croatia really did n't like that . 
  and that 's why we wanted to secede . 
   no , but as soon as our politicians finish building the highway highway building was one of the biggest criminal enterprises of the former government . 
  they stole billions . 
  http://www.tportal.hr/vijesti/hrvatska/29051/hac-za-bojenje-tunela-placa-43c6-mil-kuna.html hac ( public company that is running highways ) paid twice to paint two tunnels !!!, 
  twice !, 
  30 euros per square meter of the tunnel in the end . 
  and this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia#gdp_per_capita_of_major_cities you can see ljubljana and zagreb ahead of belgrade in development . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia#collapse_of_the_yugoslav_economy  governments of individual republics refused to pay federal taxes or enforce federal import fees ( border police and customs services were under the jurisdiction of republics ) , ** and the government of serbia even managed to use the federal money printing facility in belgrade to issue itself a short-term credit . 
  ** the federal government was forced to raise the exchange rate for the german mark first to 9 and then to 13 dinars . 
  the economic struggle also heightened already tense relations among the republics and between the republics and belgrade . 
  just a tidbit . 
   in the 1990 multi-party elections , economic policy was at the centre of the political debate as separatist coalitions ousted the communists in sr croatia , sr bosnia and herzegovina , and slovenia . 
  just as economic collapse spurred the drift toward separation , separation in turn exacerbated the economic crisis . 
  cooperation among the republics virtually ceased and , with one being at another 's throat , both the economy and the nation itself embarked on a vicious downward spiral . 
  the process sped along as the republican leadership , deliberately fostered social and economic divisions to strengthen their own hands . 
  we already lost 20 % in the last 6-7 years . 
  and our moronic government took more loans to cover for public sector spending ... 
   i am 100 % serious . 
  our politicians have stolen billions and billions of our money in the past 25 years . 
  all the public sector workers get jobs based on family relationships . 
  it seems like you live in croatia . 
  wages that are too high ? 
  you guys have economy that lived on debt and you still refuse to reform . 
  croatia has similar problems and i would really like that our politicians learn something from this , first of all that you ca n't just take loans forever . 
  instead of reforming and cutting public sector we have debt growing ... same shit and we are heading into your direction because politicians do n't want to deal with problems and just take more loans . 
  we lost 20 % of gdp in the last 6-7 years and yet , somehow , our budget got even bigger . 
  you ca n't spend what you do n't make ... well , you can for some time , but then you have to pay even more on interest . 
  only thing keeping us from bankruptcy are low interest rates and we are fucked when they go up . 
  i 'd like one for croatia as well . 
   nobody can possibly be jealous of that agreement you do n't live in a balkan country . 
   what is happening today though is germany wants to acquire greece . 
   you can vote against it . 
  we want it cause we need it but nobody is forcing you . 
  just as i said . 
  you need it , you voted to get it . 
  others vote not to give it you . 
  very simple . 
  democracy . 
   well , look how th situation in yugoslavia developed from nothing to full-blown war in a short time , it took 5 years of serbian nationalistic propaganda to stir the war . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 started his bullshit in 1987 on kosovo , so no , it was n't a short time . 
   not even money , just nationalistic feelings . 
  actually , it was about money . 
  some of underlaying problems were about the money and slovenian and croatian politicians were campaigning for fiscal independence from belgrade . 
  we were more talking how we wo n't have to send our money to belgrade during first election than anything else . 
  yugoslavia had common budget and more prosperous republics were supporting those less prosperous . 
  our tourism was paying for power plants in serbia and so on ... 
  why would they ? 
  why would someone pay greek bills ? 
  they would prefer to spend the money on their countries . 
  just as greeks want to spend money on greece , finns probably want to spend money on finland . 
  dutch would probably like to spend money on the netherlands . 
  slovenians prefer spending money on slovenia . 
  greeks have democratic right to vote for other people 's money and those people should just give it to them ? 
  germany has voters too . 
  slovenia too . 
  finland too ... maybe those voters do n't want to pay for greece and instead prefer to spend money on their own countries ? 
  what the fuck did tsipras think he will get with a referendum ? 
   do you honestly believe that the path the troika has set greece on is going to work out ? 
  in the long run it would work . 
  and greece does need reforms . 
  they ca n't live on loans forever . 
  as for democracy , yes , the greeks had their referendum , but other countries also have democracy and voters . 
  why should finnish democratically elected government fall because greeks are bankrupt ? 
   greek democracy and what about democracy in other eu countries ? 
  should finnish government fall because greece wants more money ? 
  why should we honor greek democracy , but not finnish democracy ? 
  this is fucking stupid argument . 
  people in many eu countries ** do not ** support giving more of their money to greece . 
  whatever you do in the long run is usually better . 
  greece will suffer in both cases and in both cases in the long run it will be better . 
  in the end both camps are right . 
  all you need is to take long enough period for your `` predictions '' . 
   perhaps non-euro countries are n't involved in the bailout and so they are n't needed . 
  exactly, 
   which was just 2-3 years after this . 
  we had to enter bosnia after operation storm in croatia and take some towns to make them come to the table . 
   even if the cost of that is forgiving some of the debt . 
  people are forgetting it 's not just that , greece needs another big bailout on top of that . 
  i have a friend who was in manja\u010da after surrendering ... he ended up with ptsd and killing two people . 
   it was certain that they would be slaughtered . 
  it was n't . 
  same here . 
  you have many people considering [ mirko norac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mirko_norac ) a hero , but he is just a war criminal and a coward . 
  there is nothing heroic in taking people from shelters and killing them . 
  that 's not what heroes do . 
  ok , one or two bombs . 
  forgot about that . 
  nato never bombed anything in croatia . 
  they had some bombing in bosnia , but they did n't support in our military operations with bombings . 
  us did have a drone base on one of the islands and shared intelligence and that 's it .
