   ) `` yes , i did that and i am sorry , i understand it 's bad and i am more than willing to pay whatever i have to , but i really need my licence , is there something else you could fine me for ? 
  i can pay any fine , but i really need to drive to work / collage / whatever '' ... along these lines . 
  no dropping of money ... sometimes you do pay , but they write something else and you save your licence , they get the difference between full fine and what they wrote and everyone is happy . 
  when you can lose your licence for 6 months , get 3 points ( at 7 you lose it again ) and be fined ... you pick getting fined . 
  also , there is a loophole if you are recorded by a traffic camera ... works every time . 
  it 's a bit expansive , but at least you keep your licence . 
   in bulgaria all cash registers are linked to the tax office database . 
  there is no way not to issue receipt and not to pay taxes . 
  plus there are undercover checks that fine the small businesses if they try to skip using the cash register . 
  you get receipt even for a bottle of water from the street kiosk . 
  same here , croatia . 
   there are countless cases where people were left to die in the hospital hallway because they did n't have money to bribe a doctor , it 's very sad . 
  that 's really bad . 
  it was never that bad here . 
  connection always work if you need to get something done sooner , but they always take you and treat you . 
   or a police not that complicated . 
  you ca n't tell them `` i want to bribe you '' because they would get suspicious , but you need to strongly indicate that the money is n't a problem , but you really need your driver 's licence . 
  and never be a jerk . 
  it works ... 
  ahhhh ... did n't get that . 
  yes , you can ask for a receipt called `` r1 '' here which you can use to deduct vat and which is your business expanse if you are a company and then there has to be your tax number on it . 
  regular receipts do n't have that . 
  the banks did it !, 
  every cash register here is connected to the tax authority via internet and when they issue a receipt it is sent to ta , given a unique id and then printed . 
  every cash transaction in the country is saved . 
  last week ta computers sent inspectors to the bar in the building where 4 ministries are located because it was reporting just a few receipts per day ... and they closed it and the owner will be fined . 
  they built this into the system so they can send inspectors to places that are under reporting their income . 
  i was comnenting what it is like here after introduction of the system . 
  edit : : now i see we had a little misunderstanding . 
   portugal has remained at a score of 63 on a level with costa rica and cyprus ; however , when i go shopping in portugal now , many small businesses ( shops , restaurants , etc. ), 
  that did n't give receipts or only handwritten sums on a blank piece of paper a couple of years ago , now give a receipt from the cash register and ask if i want an receipt with my tax number . 
  i 'm impressed about the improvement that has been achieved in such a short time . 
  a couple of years ago , it was estimated that the black economy represented 25 % of the portuguese economy . 
  i wonder if there are any recent figures . 
  we have introduced electronic system where every receipt is sent to the tax authority and each is given unique id number . 
  and if you do n't issue a receipt you are fined . 
  there is no `` do you want a receipt ? 
  '' , they have to give it to you . 
  since it was introduced i have been only once offered not to get a receipt . 
  tax authority inspectors close shops for less than euro of non-reported money in the cash register . 
   the west did not understand how to handle the situation and it is not surprising that they had plans to cede srebrenica ( without understanding what the outcome would be ) . 
  ceding srebrenica for peace would be a good plan . 
  in 1995 croats and bosniaks ceded parts of western bosnia they liberated so that dayton can happen . 
  ceding srebrenica does n't mean the west wanted massacres ... that 's on serbs hands . 
  it 's just that territory was swapped in the end . 
  there is nothing really shocking if they discussed ceding completely surrounded enclave . 
   for me , the largest part that the west played in the whole affair from the very beginning was imposing the arms embargo . 
  that was the true role that the west played in the fall of srebrenica . 
  that fucked us as well . 
  and it was waaaaaaaaaaaaaay before srebrenica . 
  we had to smuggle weapons in the begining of our war and had close to nothing . 
  by 1995 and time srebrenica fell embargo was just for show ... we were able to buy whatever we needed and even iranian planes were landing in croatia with weapons for bosniaks with american support . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/archive/politics/1994/05/13/iran-ships-explosives-to-bosnian-muslims/0988537a-3dd6-47f4-9e94-dcfb457b846c/ iranian ( and other ) planes would land in zagreb and our air force would fly weapons to places like biha\u0107 in bosnia and supply them with weapons . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2002/apr/22/warcrimes.comment  arms purchased by iran and turkey with the financial backing of saudi arabia made their way by night from the middle east . 
  initially aircraft from iran air were used , but as the volume increased they were joined by a mysterious fleet of black c-130 hercules aircraft . 
  the report stresses that the us was `` very closely involved '' in the airlift . 
  mojahedin fighters were also flown in , but they were reserved as shock troops for especially hazardous operations . 
  -  light weapons are the familiar currency of secret services seeking to influence such conflicts . 
  the volume of weapons flown into croatia was enormous , partly because of a steep croatian `` transit tax '' . 
  croatian forces creamed off between 20 % and 50 % of the arms . 
  the report stresses that this entire trade was clearly illicit . 
  the croats themselves also obtained massive quantities of illegal weapons from germany , belgium and argentina - again in contravention of the un arms embargo . 
  the german secret services were fully aware of the trade . 
  there is doubt ? 
  you mean if there was a government which was honoring agreements ? 
  ya , probably . 
  sure , but how will no give you hope ? 
  you had glimpse of hope when economy stopped tanking and there was some small suficit in the budget , but syriza overturned that and started to fight with eu . 
  how will you pay for anything if there is no money ? 
   what brussels did was an immediate stop in any helpings for that government which is not fair at all . 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  and what will no bring ? 
  failed banks and even worse situation ? 
  drachma will be worthless . 
  whatever austerity brought this will be worse . 
  do you really think eurogroup will accept deleting their debt ? 
  greece does n't have any money left , they are broke ... 
  yes means that eu still supports them and gives them access to money ... no means what ? 
  what will happen to pensions and social services if they go broke ? 
  is no going to magically grow money on olive trees ??? 
   of course it would be worse !, 
  that 's my point . 
  it can get worse than what you have right now . 
   i am now reading on your recent recession ; it was terrible for you guys !, 
  we have many problem like greece , public sector , no industry , relying on tourism too much , too many people dependent on transfers from the budget and so on . 
  we lost around 20 % of gdp in the last 7 years and have been in recession most of those years . 
  there is nothing shocking there . 
  those areas were deep in serb held territory cut off from supplies and bosniak controlled areas . 
  ceding them to serbs would be a good thing if that meant peace ... and in the end those areas were ceded to serbs , just as were some parts of western bosnia that were liberated in 1995 . 
  even if the debt magically disappears they still need to reform and change their ways . 
  that little surplus ? 
  that means they are maybe starting to balance at this point ... there is no way they can go to what they were spending before the crisis . 
  and if they do n't reform ? 
  they 'll take more loans and here we go again in a decade or two . 
  you ca n't run 14 % deficit for ever . 
   production costs as a share of gdp increased substantially in greece from 2000 to 2009 , mirroring the increase in overall government expenditures . 
  if you go far enough into the future both votes will stop the suffering . 
  the big question is which suffering would last longer and which one would be harder . 
  in both cases greek people suffer . 
  personally , i think yes would be better for them .
