  martians ? 
  klingons ? 
  who spent the money ? 
  fuck off again . 
  well , it was n't the germans who cooked your books , neither was french or ecb . 
  maybe you should start looking who in greece made this happen , which greeks are responsible ? 
  that would be great start . 
  reason ? 
  and what was the reason to cook the books ? 
  ahhhhh ... yes , you greeks cooked the books because you wanted evil germans to take control of poor old greece ? 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  greeks cooked the books to take loans they ca n't repay and somehow everyone but those same greeks who spent the fucking money are guilty you people are in deep shit ??? 
   had the greeks stuck to the drachma they might still be protesting in the streets and dealing with austerity had the greeks been honest in their reports they would never enter eurozone . 
  the same greeks who are whining now cooked their books and smuggled themselves into eurozone so they can borrow more money then they should . 
   option 2 : these `` radicals '' use the money wisely and invest in projects that will not only create jobs and growth but will also to pay off debts . 
  hahahahahahahahaha ... . only reason greece is getting ** any ** money is because it is in eurozone . 
  as for investment ... sure , just like all that money they took and invested in new jobs so far ????? 
  if greeks actually invested the money they took from the banks they would n't be in this shit . 
  but no , they spent it on what ? 
  higher salaries for public sector , pension for 50 year olds and similar crap . 
   what if you already have a tiny public sector ? 
  well , do they ? 
  and public sector is n't only way to spend money . 
  pensions and other benefits unsupported by your economy and paid from loans are even worse . 
  my country ( croatia ) has some of the same problem as greece . 
  our morons took so many loans and did nothing with all that money so now we are in deep shit . 
   massive public works such as roads , trains and power stations can employ millions of people who would otherwise be out of a job a myth back from 1930 's . 
  modern construction does n't employ nearly as many as you think . 
  millions ? 
  there is a reason why we have `` service economy '' now , we simply have no manual jobs for everyone . 
   ultimately , the government has to find a balance and decide whether to cut spending or boost jobs , or a combination . 
  i vote for combination . 
  spend less , but support job creation . 
  in private sector . 
   then there 's the fact that most eu countries are already massively in debt that 's the biggest problem . 
  they took loans they could n't repay . 
  they went crazy with borrowing and spent on what ? 
  pensions , public sector and shit like that . 
  they did n't even try to invest that money , they acted like drunken sailors in a bar after 2 years at sea . 
  why should countries borrow so much money ? 
  sure , big infrastructure projects ca n't be paid easily from budget , but taking loans for pensions and dumb shit like that ? 
  off course they are broke right now . 
   as for myself i want to see austerity and reforms all the way , with some stimulus in infrastructure projects across the eu . 
  that would be great . 
  it seems we agree on this one . 
  true , but if you get your country in order , get rid of corruption , decrease size of public sector , make changes to labour market and so on , these should have long term effects . 
  it 's a harder then just spending , but it was spending outside of their means what got them into this trouble ... how is spending even more gon na help ? 
  they need to spend less and create healthy economy . 
   i essentially lost all sympathy for the complaining in greece , spain , portugal and italy when i found out that slovakia is giving them money . 
  this . 
  100 times this . 
  if former communist countries can get themselves in order why is it so hard for the greeks ? 
  we are entering next year and we have some similar problems like greece , but there is only one place to point our fingers - ourselves . 
  our government was corrupt and our voters voted them in . 
  twice . 
  that 's the biggest reason why i have no sympathy for greeks ... 
  i see same shit here ( public sector eating everything else , insane union contracts , corruption ) and it was all done by our politicians for whom we voted . 
  we fucked ourselves and we should get ourselves out of it . 
  greeks should be happy there is eu and eurozone to help them out of the hole they dug themselves . 
  nobody wants to hear that . 
  austerity bad , spending good . 
  imo , you ca n't just spend , the money has to come from somewhere . 
  us is in a special position because dollar is world 's reserve currency and they can print as much as they like ( and they do ) . 
  if they lose this position it will be interesting to see how will they deal with their deficit and economic downturns . 
  same here ( croatia ) , i greet my best friend with `` di si pi\u010dko , jebo ti pas mater '' - `` where have you been you pussy , a dog should fuck your mother '' . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bdeljava_air_base it 's enormous air base built into the mountain . 
  yay , even more mosquitos . 
  if there is a species that needs to be eradicated that 's mosquitos . 
  fucking bloodsuckers . 
  well , somalia is n't that bad . 
  we ca n't have germans working in france !!!!!!, 
  consider yourself lucky . 
  you missed some `` hot '' stuff . 
  lol . 
  i feel your pain . 
  hang him . 
  really , do hang him ... in a public place . 
   if and when there is no such feeling , secession happen - see the fate of yugoslavia . 
  what about it ? 
  there was such feeling , but it faded when nationalistic bullshit started . 
  with a few more generations living in peace it would be possible to have unified yugoslav nation . 
  let 's hope so . 
  i really do n't want my kid to experience war . 
  eu has its flaws and it is n't perfect , but it 's way better then the alternative . 
   not that war makes sense but it would have been like fighting someone cutting their leg and arm off and two weeks later moving in together . 
  this is balkans , cutting legs is considered normal . 
  maybe it would function better with bulgarians in it . 
  serbs would n't fly so high in their demands and expectations if there was a counter weight on their eastern border . 
  nah , i think we have passed that point long time ago . 
  most people never agreed with hdz policy toward bosnia . 
  personally , i think it was the biggest mistake we did during the war . 
  that moron , tu\u0111man , had some really backward ideas and plans . 
  i think bosnian croats are also seeing this and that they gave up thinking they might secede and join us . 
  let 's hope so . 
  with our public sector as it is i am hoping we wo n't end up like greece . 
  and you do n't know if you agree with us joining ... why ? 
  because some shithead did something ? 
  i do n't know if i can take your country seriously after what your soldiers did in srebrenica . 
   romania & bulgaria hey , thanks guys , we had to bend extra low to get fucked because of you . 
  ok , joking aside , i am actually happy we had to deal with corruption at all before we join .
