  been there , done that . 
  it says `` melting pot friday '' not `` smoking pot friday '' :p, 
  damn immigrants taking our jobs !!, 
  200 link karma per day ? 
  pffft ... if you really try you can make 10k in a day . 
  maybe even more . 
  nah ... for dutch just get pneumonia and cough a lot and you are good . 
  if you know french and german , just slap them together and you speak english . 
  like this ? 
  roma parents sold their 15 year old daughter into slavery for 500 euros and a horse . 
  parents sold their daughter to a gypsy living in italy for 3600 euros . 
  the daughter is 14 years old . 
  roma kids bring guns and knifes to school and abuse croatian kids . 
  in elementary school . 
  just because one guy is allergic does n't mean the stereotype is wrong . 
  http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikola_%c5%a0ubi%c4%87_zrinski i think he is one of the greatest figures from our past . 
  there are also some not well known people , like marko mesi\u0107 , commander of croatian legion at stalingrad , who later joined with soviets and ended ww2 as yugoslav army officer . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marko_mesi%c4%87_%28soldier%29 fucking incredible life story , crazier than hollywood movies . 
  the guy was an officer in royal yugoslav army , lost to germans , than he became commander of 369th divison ( croatian legion ) on the eastern front who were one of the last guys to surrender at stalingrad and than joined with soviets , survived worst fights in yugoslavia ( partizans did n't really like ex-legion soldiers and gave them the toughest missions ) and ended as an officer of the new communist yugoslav army . 
  insane story ... 
  it 's daily mail . 
  that should explain it . 
   the country is too small . 
  they all know each other . 
  must resist !!!!!, 
  possible , it just depends who you ask . 
  i am not surprised they want in the eu , why not ? 
  why would n't they ? 
  kosovo is gone , i do n't think they have will for another war , people just want to live better ... 
  i am actually more interested in bosnia , it would be fucking insane if both croatia and serbia join , but those morons still fight over small parts of land and idiotic reasons ... 
  i know many people who said they do n't know anyone supporting us joining and referendum was 66 % for , 33 % against . 
  he was in split this weekend and there was ultra europe festival going on so some aussies asked him to take a picture with him . 
   we 're also fifty kilometers from a hotbed of entrepreneurial energy and a further 400 kilometers from another hotbed of entrepreneurial energy and , further down the adriatic coast , another hotbed . 
  and another . 
  and another . 
  in short , something is happening in the balkans . 
  maybe hotbed if they need more to get high ... you can see `` entrepreneurial energy '' in croatia only if you take lsd, 
   be careful about loans . 
  both national and private . 
  lol ... that advice is few years too late . 
  actually , not really . 
  we had most of it inherited from communism and newer laws were shitty . 
  not even close to modern european standards . 
  quarth scenes were also filmed in dubrovnik . 
  and for s4 they added another city , split . 
  i guess it wo n't be for king 's landing , but some other city . 
  who said that ? 
  one of major points of eu is creating stable european framework for cooperation which will help avoid wars that plagued europe for centuries . 
  basically every generation of germans and french had war and now they are working together . 
  since we did have a war and it did n't do anything good , why not mention it ? 
  one of reasons i support joining eu is that my kids might not see that shit ... what 's so bad in that ? 
  one of things i hope will never happen again . 
  northern ireland and baskia are outside of eu ? 
  since when ? 
  other than war in yugoslavia , revolution in romania , soviet interventions in czechoslovakia and hungary , terrorism in northern ireland , baskia it was pretty peaceful . 
  there is a timeline which includes things like vukovar , sarajevo and srebrenica among other things ... maybe that 's why the west intervened ? 
  we do n't think we are poor ... and you can try take it from us if you want , you would n't be the first to break their teeth here . 
  we can do that . 
  been doing it for the last 20 years . 
  why ? 
  we missed a lot ... but you can always count on us for a party ... 
  if you knew croatian laws from 1990 's you would never say anything against eu . 
  we are fucking glad our laws changed . 
  more laws need to change ? 
  good ... fucking good . 
  after wars and all the shit we had ... current troubles seem kinda light ... we have seen much worse and we hope we will all get better . 
  eu is a good thing ... 
  i wish more joined . 
  it 's a world in which i want to live , no borders , no wars ... let 's celebrate . 
  hvala . 
  i wish the wars never happened and we all joined long ago ... too much suffering for nothing . 
  on all sides . 
  i hope you guys deal with your shit and join . 
  good luck . 
  i am glad we are in . 
  i think we can deal with whatever comes our way after what we had in 1990 's . 
  i 'll rather have bumps than war . 
  i am truly glad we finally joined . 
  i hope my kids never see war and live without fear in a united europe that is able to give them the best life possible . 
  i would fight for this and i would die for this ... this is a dream for my kids , for those who come after us . 
  thank you europe . 
  we will do our best to earn our place among you . 
  we do , but our politicians are fucking retards . 
  i wonder for which city they 'll use split . 
  both king 's landing and quarth were filmed in dubrovnik . 
  sure , because serbs were trustful and would n't hurt anybody ? 
  sure . 
  whatever . 
  if we lost 12 % of gdp , our budget should also be 12 % smaller . 
  private sector is dying ... and when they kill those few surviving companies , what then ? 
  true , but last year was a fucking disaster because of all the pressure by lini\u0107 , now that a lot of those companies are finally bankrupted we might start getting healthier . 
  i still think he was wrong , but there is a bottom and i think we did hit it . 
  there is still a lot of work to be done and there is still a lot this government is afraid to do , but i do n't think it will get much worse than this . 
   `` to take back andalusia and avenge the defeat at the siege of vienna in 1683 . '', 
  fucking retards ... 
  i just hope this time we are not left by other europeans to fend them off for a few centuries . 
  noob , real man play battlefield . 
  we have our share of problems , but after managing years of war and all other shit we were through , i think we 'll manage this recession as well . 
  this year should be the worst and then we are looking at possible growth next year . 
  geeeee ... i am glad we helped you in your gaming by changing all those laws .
