  so , it 's not all bad ... those who want to integrate , can . 
  and will . 
  it 's a process in which they need to leave some of their culture and accept modern , civilized life . 
  then it will be better . 
  i do n't live in italy , i am from croatia and we have similar problems with them . 
  i have linked to many articles in croatian on their traditions and culture . 
  the government is actively trying to integrate them . 
  they have special pre schools where their kids are taught croatian , they have same right to education as any other citizen and so on ... we want them to stop this shit . 
  rough translation : the most problems start when the kids are 15 years old and the families lose social security payments ( welfare ) which they were getting for their kids . 
  then they start street life and problems start . 
  second issue is how they use welfare , for the needs of the kids or alcohol . 
  third issue is education . 
  as i said , they pull their kids out of schools when they reach 15 years and send them on the streets to beg , collect garbage or steal . 
  daughters are married by the time they reach 18 , usually in arranged marriage . 
  they also have tobe virgins and if they are not virgins when they marry they are beaten . 
  ali to nije dobro , svaku osobu koja \u010dini kriminal treba prokazati , ukazati prstom na njega ... `` we have to blame ourselves , gypsy wo n't betray other gypsy . 
  that 's us . 
  that 's not good , we should report those who do criminal acts ''  ovi na\u0161i mali romi prvo se ovdje u\u010de lopovluku i `` pola\u017eu ispite '' . 
  mi \u0161utimo , a to ne valja , moramo sura\u0111ivati s policijom `` our little roma first learn how to steal and then take exams . 
  they steal , enter through windows and practice their `` profession '' and then they go to be professional thiefs . 
  this is happening here and we should n't just sit on it if we want to have less crime . 
  they are our shame . 
  we keep silent and that is not good , we should cooperate with police . '', 
  this is roma speaking about other roma . 
  on the half of our plot of land close to roma settlement we managed to pick just 20 kilos . 
  i would see them steal couple of times a day , but by the time police arrives they are gone . 
  maybe people would understand how deeply stealing and nomadic way of life is integrated into their culture if they read this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romany_crucifixion_legend  the condemnative story is that as he made the nails to crucify jesus christ , the blacksmiths were condemned to wander the earth and never settle . 
  -  another version does not condemn blacksmiths . 
  it says that the blacksmith was addressed by god in a dream , where he was told to make four nails , but only hand over three , as the fourth was intended to pierce the heart of jesus . 
  ** in return god gave his descendants the right to wander the earth ( rather than cursing them to it ) and also the right to steal from non-romanies , without breaking the commandment thou shalt not steal . 
  ** the god himself told them it 's ok to steal . 
  that 's how they tell the story of jesus being crucified . 
  jesus christ is their justification for stealing . 
   so what ? 
  you have yet to prove to me that this arises from their culture and mentality ( whatever you wan na call it ) , and not from other ( equally or even more probable ) factors ( eg . 
  they are immigrants from very poor countries , they were systemically discriminated against in the past , etc. ) . 
  not that hard . 
  here ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romany_crucifixion_legend  the condemnative story is that as he made the nails to crucify jesus christ , the blacksmiths were condemned to wander the earth and never settle . 
   another version does not condemn blacksmiths . 
  it says that the blacksmith was addressed by god in a dream , where he was told to make four nails , but only hand over three , as the fourth was intended to pierce the heart of jesus . 
  ** in return god gave his descendants the right to wander the earth ( rather than cursing them to it ) and also the right to steal from non-romanies , without breaking the commandment thou shalt not steal . 
  ** they claim god told them to be nomadic and that it is ok to steal from other people . 
  this is their story on jesus . 
  nope . 
  some want to integrate , but majority does n't . 
   if someone spits on you , crack his skull or inform the police , innocents should n't be punished because there are unsavory members of their group . 
  you really , really have no idea how they work . 
  they would n't start picking on people if there is n't more them and you have no chance of fighting back . 
   so the innocent roma should be punished because there are bad ones ? 
  usually , when they set up a camp , 99 % of those in the camp are bad ... these are those who refuse to integrate into society and stick to their `` traditions '' and `` culture '' ( begging , stealing and other shit ) . 
  what should ... as you say ... innocent ... italians do ? 
  if they set up a camp , these are nomadic roma , the worst kind , those who do n't even try to integrate into society and live according to their traditions . 
  here ... read : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romany_crucifixion_legend  another version does not condemn blacksmiths . 
  it says that the blacksmith was addressed by god in a dream , where he was told to make four nails , but only hand over three , as the fourth was intended to pierce the heart of jesus . 
  ** in return god gave his descendants the right to wander the earth ( rather than cursing them to it ) and also the right to steal from non-romanies , without breaking the commandment thou shalt not steal . 
  ** they even claim god gave them permission to steal , that 's how deeply this way of life is part of them . 
  ca n't imagine why , you would certainly like to be spat at or bullied just for entering a bus , would n't you ? 
  do they have to spit on people ? 
  no do they have to bully people ? 
  no could they act like civilized human beings ? 
  sure they could , but they do n't want to . 
  was this bus line started as segregated ? 
  the article is about people getting fed up with shit roma do and want to enter a fucking bus without being spat on by some fucking gypsy . 
   this is the translated top comment on the corresponding thread in / r/italy :  `` ok guys . 
  i 'm from borgaro , so i can tell you about the situation . 
  the bus in question is only one ( line 69 to be precise ) which connects borgaro to the northern side of turin . 
  from there i take other means of transport to get to the polytechnic of turin , since i study there . 
  the problem with gypsies - not all of them , there 's exceptions - is that basically they do n't care about others . 
  ** they eat and throw trash on the ground ( or preferably on the seats ) , they 're loud , they smell , and they spit on people . 
  if there 's many , and there 's also students going/coming from school , they insult them and call them names . 
  they often get physical and start some trouble . 
  ** it happened to me sometimes to have to intervene ( honestly i do it with a certain fear , you do n't know how they could react ) . 
  to me , personally , nothing serious ever happened ( though i 've been spat on a few times ) , but i know of at least a boy they beat up . 
  i never use my cell phone when there 's gypsies on the bus , i try to sit as far as i can from them , and if not possible , i sit with my back against the window , so i can see the rest of the bus . 
  it 's a constantly tense situation , even when i 'm almost sure nothing 's gon na happen - almost . 
  make your own conclusion because i 'm not gon na tell you how you should feel . 
  the fact remains that the general consensus of the citizens using that bus is that it would be better without them . 
  frankly it 's hard to explain this situation and how people who - unlike me - ca n't even defend themselves feel , especially high school kids and women in general . '', 
  who is making problems here ? 
  who is the reason they are thinking about segregated bus ???? 
  would you use this bus line ? 
  would you ? 
  there is no forced segregation . 
  that 's the fucking point . 
  there are many roma living just fine and nobody gives a flying fuck about them ... but there is also a large number who does n't want to integrate and force their `` culture '' on their kids instead of integrating . 
  they do n't even teach their kids the language of the country where they are born and where they live . 
  they pull their kids out of school ... which is free and available to everyone ... as soon as they turn 15 . 
  they sell their daughters into arranged marriages . 
  nobody is forcing them to do so . 
  we would be fucking happy if they stopped and integrated . 
  we want them to integrate and stop this bullshit . 
  communists tried to forcibly integrate them and failed . 
  let me repeat this ... ** communists failed to integrate them into society ** . 
  search for gypsies and you 'll get lots of results where people speak of firsthand experiences with that particular group and problems . 
  communists could n't break them when they forced them into schools and gave them housing ... there are many gypsies integrated into european states and nobody gives a flying fuck about it , but there are many more who refuse to integrate and accept modern life . 
  when my wife had our second daughter and we were registering her at government office there was young gypsy couple at the office . 
  it was their third kid ... they were 18/19 ... she has 5 grades of elementary school , he has 7 . 
  they did n't even finish elementary school . 
  `` gypsy culture '' is actually forcing their kids out of schools , specially females , as soon as they are n't legally forced to send their kids to school . 
  that 's the age of 15 , after which there is no legal obligation for kids to go to school .
