  the judicial authorities will be integrated and operate within the kosovo legal framework . 
  the appellate court in pristina will establish a panel composed of a majority of k/s judges to deal with all kosovo serb majority municipalities . 
  a division of this appellate court , composed both by administrative staff and judges , will sit permanently in northern mitrovica ( mitrovica district court ) . 
  each panel of the above division will be composed by a majority of k/s judges . 
  appropriate judges will sit dependant on the nature of the case involved . 
  municipal elections shall be organised in the northern municipalities in 2013 . with the facilitation of the osce in accordance with kosovo law and international standards . 
  an implementation plan including time frame shall be produced by april 26 . 
  in implementing this agreement the principle of transparent funding will be addressed . 
  discussions on energy and telecoms will be intensified by the two sides and completed by junbe 16 14 . 
  it is agreed that neither side will block or encourage others to block the other side 's progress in their respective eu paths 15 . 
  an implementation committee will be established by the two sides with the facilitation of the eu, 
  yap , let 's hope it will work . 
  and than there is bosnia ... this is great news , but there is still work to get everything right . 
  i just hope this will be the date we start looking into the future and working toward solution so our kids do n't have to fight in stupid wars . 
  great news for serbia and kosovo . 
  americans ... 
  i hope this will help stabilize the region and prevent future wars . 
  the best thing for all countries would be to enter eu and forget the borders and ethnic disputes . 
  let 's look into the future and forget the past . 
  well , you were n't that bad back in good old days under tito and yugoslavia . 
  it was actually pretty nice place . 
  why not ? 
  it might be interesting . 
  whatever . 
  if pointing out facts makes me anti-serb , so be it . 
  ok , so ... let me get this straight ... nikoli\u0107 says he is a chetnik and i am anti-serb nationalist because i said what he said ? 
  he fucking said it . 
  how the fuck am i anti-serb nationalist when he said it ? 
  it 's his own words . 
  wtf ????? 
  he even compares his love and devotion for chetniks to ustashe ... that 's the president of serbia . 
  lol . 
  really , just because i have used facts that makes me anti-serb ? 
  i actually do n't give a fuck who you are , but spewing nonsense is something i never let go . 
  not my problem that your president is a chetnik , but yours . 
  when did croatian president say zemun is croatian ? 
  never ... unlike nikolic who is still dreaming greater serbia . 
  if that makes me anti-serb , good . 
  serbians voted for him and he represents serbia ... so maybe , just maybe , the problem is not me . 
  / r/europe where you are anti-serb nationalist because you link to an article and actually use multiple sources in your posts on current events and recent history . 
   right , because politicians always respect the majority of the people they lead . 
  i know . 
   but they pretty much are saying it . 
  have you read the deals recently brokered with kosovo ? 
  nope . 
   i do n't like getting into this argument but you 're making it seem like croatia is a heaven on earth compared to serbia , which is bullshit argh ... never said that , jesus ...  yes , those cyrillic letters are doing great . 
  actually , they are . 
  it 's a law and it will be implemented . 
   you 're also making it seem like serbia is at a standstill , which is also bullshit . 
  argh ... whole point was that joining eu is much better choice than running to putin . 
  just as we have our fucks in power , so do you . 
  we would never change many laws and do many things we needed if there was no eu . 
   see , only 5 years ago my city of kragujevac was called `` the valley of hunger '' because nothing worked - now it 's one of the most prosperous cities around here . 
  because fiat , the companies around it , insane amounts of infrastructure building , etc. 
  good . 
  and tbh i have said many times that serbia is doing much better with investments because you are much less retarded in that regard than our politicians . 
  i just do n't think we need to mention ww2 every time we discuss anything . 
  and that eu would be much better choice for serbia ... 
  i would really hate to see another war brewing here because of this . 
  i am fucking tired of wars and nationalistic bullshit on all sides . 
  saying `` fuck eu , welcome russia '' is simply wrong ... it 's a bad decision for serbia . 
  and its neighbours . 
  than why is that hard for politicians to say it ? 
  it 's the worst shithole in europe . 
  it was a shithole back in yugoslavia and it is even worse now . 
  how long should we discuss usta\u0161e and \u010detniks ? 
  if france and germany can work together why the fuck are we constantly looking into past ? 
  battle of kosovo was over 600 years ago ... let it go , you lost it anyway . 
  nutjobs ? 
  yeah ... there are nutjobs here , but i am not so sure you clearly see who that is . 
  they did . 
  they also fought very hard against partizans and most of tito 's forces were in croatia and bosnia not serbia . 
  but that 's fucking history ... 
  i fucking hate that every time you try to talk about current events they answer with this bullshit . 
  neither me , nor my wife , nor my kid welcomed hitler and why the fuck should our future depend on what happened 70 years ago ? 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ... ... . . maybe if you stopped living in the past ? 
  the best that happened to croatia was joining eu , we had to actually start cleaning up our country , tackle corruption , respect human rights ( including serbs and other minorities ) and tons of other stuff that is making our lives better every day . 
  maybe you should think about that instead of russian missiles and hitler ? 
  lol . 
  who ? 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  this is fucking stupid if true . 
  kosovo is gone and putting russian bases here just to spite eu is fucking retarded . 
  it make serbs think they can get it back , so they 'll continue this stupid path . 
  russians know very well that kosovo is gone , but sticking some bases and missiles close to central europe is just too good to pass . 
  yay !, 
  instead of serbia working with other european countries we will have mini-cold war in the balkans . 
  we have that as well . 
  kinda normal , nobody makes a fuss . 
  normal ? 
  more cases of people injured just last year . 
  it 's getting better , but we are still not fine . 
  you wo n't find much positive on eu in uk papers . 
  they constantly claiming it will fail , for one or the other reason . 
  people are still dying in the minefields . 
  the biggest problem is that there are no map of all minefields because of the chaos during the war . 
  i still remember our bus stopping in the middle of nowhere so we could take a leak and ... `` pozor mine !!! '', 
  everywhere . 
  the driver stopped in the middle of a fucking minefield .
