  if they provoke europe enough people here might look into our history for some ideas how to deal with it . 
  and that wo n't be pretty . 
  dismantling saudi support for terrorism should be the highest priority for the west . 
   you realize that the people that lead these terrorist organization want exactly that ? 
  how many times i have to say that i know this ? 
  i am just saying that they are wrong who would win if they get what they want . 
  we can destroy them . 
  they ca n't destroy us . 
   congrats , you 've just created an army of a hundred million angry muslims . 
  also be prepared to see the current refugee flows tenfold . 
  hungry armies fight were badly . 
   unless your goal is to just let the whole middle east starve to death and remove the terrorism problem by commiting a genocide that would put the holocaust to shame . 
  if they push `` us vs. you '' for long enough it could happen . 
  that 's my point . 
  it wo n't in short term , but if the public in europe starts thinking in `` us or them '' it will choose `` us '' option . 
  look , i have seen it here in croatia . 
  it 's a very simple mechanism and they are playing with fire here . 
  i could explain more , but i do n't want this to turn into another balkan shitfest of who is guilty for wars . 
  as i said , no need for nukes or anything . 
  naval blockade and if we want to speed things up some herbicide . 
  elephant in the room is saudis and their spreading of wahhabism . 
  as long as west allows them to build mosques and turn people into jihhadis this wo n't stop . 
   which is something the us and allies avoided actually , us targeted nusra and ahrar , but not many times . 
   most of the advances against isis territory has been in iraq . 
  because iraqis do n't fight a threeway war . 
   they 've basically just kept assad on a lifeline . 
  good , because if he loses , nusra wins . 
  and nusra is just as bad as is . 
  after all they were the same organization before is split from them . 
   thermobaric it is then ... as i said in this thread , naval blockade that stops import of food would be more devastating than nukes . 
  http://www.arabnews.com/news/558271  saudi arabia is importing 80 percent of its food requirements from foreign countries while the remaining 20 percent of foods are locally produced , local media said quoting a report released by the world bank . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/egypts-food-problem-in-a-nutshell-2011-1  in 2010 , the oil minister stated that egypt imports 40 % of its food , and 60 % of its wheat . 
  middle east ca n't feed itself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_winter#recent_modeling  ** a minor nuclear war with each country using 50 hiroshima-sized atom bombs as airbursts on urban areas could produce climate change unprecedented in recorded human history . 
  ** a nuclear war between the united states and russia today could produce nuclear winter , with temperatures plunging below freezing in the summer in major agricultural regions , threatening the food supply for most of the planet . 
  the climatic effects of the smoke from burning cities and industrial areas would last for several years , much longer than previously thought . 
  new climate model simulations , which are said to have the capability of including the entire atmosphere and oceans , show that the smoke would be lofted by solar heating to the upper stratosphere , where it would remain for years . 
  hiroshima was 20kt which is about the same yield as modern tactical nukes . 
  completely wrong . 
  we could just impose a naval blockade and stop food imports to the middle east and the shit would hit the fan there . 
   the iraq war , which is essentially the incarnation of this strategy , was a complete fuck up . 
  iraq war was a complete success , post-war was a complete fuck up because american dissolved iraqi police and army and created insurgency by not allowing those men to work . 
  russians deployed just a few planes to syria and completely turned the tide of the war while losing very few men . 
  `` us or them '' mentality in which `` us '' is `` european christians / atheists '' and `` them '' is muslims . 
  you can see here that people from many countries share similar ideas . 
  saudi arabia imports 80 % of its food supply . 
  yes . 
  pretty big miscalculation on their part . 
  they really do n't want to play `` you or us '' game with europe because it would be them getting fucked . 
   the whole idea is that a foreign government will never have the stomach to bleed so much for foreign people . 
  and my point is that if they continue europeans will see this as defence and will bleed for ** their ** people , for europe . 
  also , russians were able to turn syrian civil war up-side-down with just a few planes . 
  never underestimate our adventage in technology . 
   the current obama-led strategy of supplementing indigenous ground forces with air superiority is the best strategy i 've heard to date . 
  it 's relatively low cost for us , it still has the perception of local forces doing the work , and it avoids the notion of a clash of civilizations . 
  agreed . 
  it 's by far better than overthrowing assad at this point . 
  remove is and try to stabilise these countries under somewhat acceptable governments . 
  brexit might allow more integration in eu . 
  also , outside threat is always a uniting force . 
  our adventage in technology would currently be more than enough to win . 
  http://www.arabnews.com/news/558271  saudi arabia is importing 80 percent of its food requirements from foreign countries while the remaining 20 percent of foods are locally produced , local media said quoting a report released by the world bank . 
  just block their food imports ( which we can ) and let them sort their problems by themselves . 
  i just shared info on why nuking anything is a bad idea . 
  people here joke about `` remove kebab '' , but i very well know how it looks . 
  croats , serbs , bosniaks , we all did some really disgusting shit some 20 years ago . 
  europe is trying its best not to start more wars , but that does n't mean it wo n't if it 's united against an outside threat . 
  it took maybe 3-4 years of propaganda before we were all ready to slaughter our neighbours with whom we lived door to door for decades . 
  it could take less for european public to turn to some solution from european past . 
  if they really manage to start a war with europe and europe turns on them ... they would lose . 
  even small nuclear exchange , less than 50 warheads , could trigger `` nuclear winter '' according to the latest models by scientists . 
   this plays directly in to their hands . 
  you missed my point . 
  i know what they want - clash of civilizations and all that crap . 
  what they do n't take into account is that they would certainly lose if europe turns on them with everything it has . 
  if they really provoke the response like that it would n't end the way they think it will . 
  that 's my point . 
  one of the problems with jihaddis is that they think the west is soft and will tolerate their shit forever . 
  they see eu and they forget that in the last 100 years it was europeans who started the biggest wars in the history of mankind and killed millions over sometimes silly disputes ( from current perspective ) . 
  we had 5 years of war in 1990s and i have no doubts that europeans are just as happy to butcher people as they were 100 , 200 or 500 years ago . 
  give them a good reason and no one knows what will happen . 
  in any kind of war , except nuclear , i have no doubts who would win . 
  it 's also a result of saudis spreading wahhabism all over the world and making sunnis much more extremist . 
  if you want the source of problems with today 's islam look at what saudis do . 
  you have really weird discount sales . 
  i heard they 'll be opening tea & anal soon . 
  i would rather go to a fellatio caffe than a romanian discount sale . 
  saw it last year on an airshow . 
  it 's fucking cool . 
  our mig looked like a flying brick after gripen . 
  your gripens are way cooler than our migs . 
  thanks for those aks . 
   first large shipment of weapons , some 20k aks was from hungary . 
  when we put his monument back up , we had to change where his sword points ... because you are no longer important . 
  trianon ftw, 
  i always thought gula\u0161 is croatian . 
  it 's much better than student housing here where i live . 
  depends where you go . 
  it 's easy for slovenia to be safe , not enough people to make trouble . 
  heh ... now that you mention it ...
