   so it 's not my connection ? 
  nope , it 's extremely shitty , i can hear only parts of it . 
  great victory in which we liberated most of the country . 
  good luck with that . 
  yes , what about it ? 
  greece -  macedonia -  serbia -  eu, 
  or a small detail of occupation during which whole political system was changed by outsiders . 
  you know , something that greece would need , but would never agree to . 
   maybe we could steal merkel from germany that would be great . 
  yes , both are retarded , but hdz is going beyond full retard lately . 
  instead of talking about economy they are talking about yugoslavia and communists and scaring people away ( which is good ) . 
  the bad thing is that sdp does n't have to do much to stay in power and i have really low opinion on their capabilities . 
  choosing lesser evil , that 's all we have . 
   especially when the croats the joke is on them , nobody works here . 
  the few that work are considered miracles and we worship them . 
  on a serious note , we have to lowest rate of people who could work and are working in the eu.unemployment rate went down because government made changes in how they calculate it . 
  it 's still pretty fucked up . 
   because syriza has said they also said banks will open today and that there is an agreement `` in private talks '' that they 'll sign yesterday . 
  ffs ... reading this makes me think our government is n't that bad . 
  we did that in a few years . 
  georgians were dumb enough to start a war when their best units were in iraq and instead of cutting ossetia off they started full frontal assault . 
  all they needed was to close that tunnel and russian troops would n't be able to get into ossetia . 
   they need body armor , they need night vision optics , they need anti-aircraft countermeasures , they need updated signals equipment so the russians are n't hearing every goddamn thing they radio to each other . 
  they are getting those , but it takes time . 
   they need anti-aircraft and anti-tank missiles , and they need the training and equipment to launch them . 
  they even produce those . 
   which is impressive , no one can dispute that . 
  250k out of 4.5 million . 
  we did what we had to do . 
   which is a problem . 
  yes , big problem . 
  if they do n't want to fight , why would anyone else ? 
   what they need is training on western supplied equipment ; the heavy artillery and anti-armor/air weaponry that they need to actually take on the russian backed forces in the donbass area . 
  they have enough equipment . 
  training them on completely new equipment would take even more time , something they do n't have . 
  what they lack is coordination , intelligence and training . 
   and help the ukrainian military on to its feet with actual heavy armaments to destroy any and all separatist fighters . 
  they have it . 
  they do n't know how to use it . 
  just fyi i am from croatia , we had war in 1991-95 and had to do things even faster than ukraine . 
  we mobilized 250 000 men in 6 months and had 60 + operational brigades in that time ... while ukraine has problems mobilizing 50 000 men . 
  this is ukrainian fight and the west is doing everything it can to help them win . 
  what a fucking load of bullshit . 
  there is a reason why russians are n't advancing and that ukraine has a chance to get back occupied areas . 
   ukrainians do n't deserve what the west is allowing to happen . 
  have you any fucking clue what 's going on ? 
  there is a limit to what you can openly do without risking something nobody wants . 
  and it is done . 
  us army is actually in ukraine training ukrainians you fucking buffoon . 
  as were other nato armies ... and they are helping with the most important thing , making ua capable of fighting . 
  did n't varoufakis say so ? 
  use parts you need , forget what it actually says . 
  it worked . 
  and is working with some people here . 
  and how many buttons did he have ? 
  the banks open tomorrow . 
  and there is a deal to be signed any minute now ... 
  the greek sunset, 
  they should hold a referendum to decide . 
  i would . 
   but do none of estonia , latvia , lithuania ( well , maybe not them ) , slovakia and slovenia hold any of the greek debt ? 
  they do . 
  slovenia holds 1.7 billion euros . 
  how are these poor souls living ? 
  maybe we should bail them out ? 
   realistically it means they are running out of cash . 
  every greek will have trillions ... to buy yoghurt . 
  i know our politicians would love to spend more ... well , they are and deficit is constantly too big ... instead of building better economy they will just loan more money . 
  maybe because loans should be paid back ? 
   why are the banks out of money , i thought the state was out of money ? 
  bank run . 
  greeks do n't trust their banks and they were taking out cash . 
  no bank has enough cash for all its clients . 
  when they run out of cash ... it 's goodbye time for those who still have `` money '' in that bank . 
  and if paid tomorrow it should be 100 million . 
  i do n't understand how they think eu politicians will sell giving more money to greece to their voters . 
  oh , they mistranslated one document . 
  and changed the meaning . 
  by accident . 
  off course . 
  and they won !, 
  https://twitter.com/nevilleskynews/status/617624661329870848 and are going to celebrate . 
   by your flair , you are greek . 
  have you seen the ballot ? 
  could you translate the question thats being asked ? 
  as precisely as you can , if you please . 
  ah , germans ... always looking for precision . 
  something along these lines . 
  big question now is what will happen to greek banks in the coming days . 
  and how much money is needed just to keep them afloat . 
   it should be obvious that if they want to stay with the eur they need to vote yes . 
  their government has been telling them that 's not the case . 
  40 % increase in revenue from catering industry . 
  300 million euros more reported there  a zbog fiskalnih ra\u010duna i promet u trgovini je porastao . 
  14 % increase in retail , around 700 million euros more reported that 's around 1 billion euros that was n't reported before . 
  off course , that 's not how much tax was collected , but shows how much money was unreported before . 
  older people are more likely to vote . 
  at least here . 
  getting younger people to vote is always a problem . 
  you need some training .
