  unfortunately we have similar discussions in / r/croatia and sometimes it spills here . 
  it was a non-issue , but the title was stupid and some feel they need to explain . 
  considering how many weapons are buried in croatia this would be fantastic , we could export to the whole world . 
   / r/croatia is very active . 
  your towels are waiting for you !, 
  i wonder if french and italians have the same problems with their horizon class destroyers . 
  they started as the same project , but brits pulled out and made type 45 . 
  it 's three times actually . 
  you know what ? 
   the trump administration has approached several members ( including germany ) about bilateral trade agreements ( all rejected ) . 
  that 's not something an ally should do . 
  i really hope europe starts working toward more federalization . 
  that 's the only way forward for all of us . 
  they took the title of the reddest people on our beaches from the germans . 
   may may or may not in may, 
   the clashes between ukraine 's military and the pro-russian separatists coincide with u.s. president donald trump 's call for better relations with moscow that has alarmed kiev while the conflict in its eastern region remains unresolved . 
  well ... 
  this guy has more of `` gas chamber '' than `` aryan '' look . 
   spanish police officers are refusing postings to the island of ibiza saying they are not paid enough to deal with the scores semi-naked drunken british tourists who fight in street and have sex on the beach . 
  lol, 
   and only 1 time per 365 days ahhh ... that makes it ok . 
  was n't there a big country that was pretty much against every measure in that direction ? 
  i think they left and we can actually work on these measures . 
  we had the same problem in 1990 's . 
  you need everyone during the war . 
  far right guys are ready to fight and that 's a bit more important than some other stuff . 
  seems i forgot / s, 
  it will be hard during the war . 
  is n't texas bigger than whole europe ? 
  between people not working and working for low wages , i will always go for low wages . 
  yugoslav passports were red . 
  * make america great britain again *, 
  the article mentions france , they have their own nuclear forces . 
  it also states that cooperating with france would be much cheaper . 
  i know . 
  why would anyone lease their nuclear deterrent ? 
   france is the only country in europe with a totally independent nuclear deterrent . 
  the uk is planning to pay # 30bn to upgrade trident . 
  the uk will not own the missiles but will lease them under licence controls from the us . 
  uk submarines will have to report to king george bay in the state of georgia in order to be regularly inspected and serviced and armed with the leased missiles . 
  in its latest test , the trident missile misfired . 
  wtf ? 
  lease ? 
   when the audience was asked how many of them welcomed brexit , only one hand went up - and it turned out that belonged to a businessman who wanted more eu reform and was fed up with britain slowing things down . 
  pretty much sums how i feel . 
  is it really a mistake ? 
  probably for the worse . 
  it 's not just serbia that is playing with fire ( and moscow ) , but also bosnian serbs . 
  moscow is more than ready to use serbs to make problems for the eu in case it needs to . 
  rhetoric coming from belgrade is n't positive . 
  i doubt it . 
  montenegro is far ahead and serbian playing with moscow wo n't help them . 
  letting a russian trojan horse into the union might not be very popular , specially the way things are going right now . 
   the integrity of the commom market is their primary concern , not loosing or gaining trade with the uk . 
  between a market of 480 million and a market of 65 million , which one is more important ? 
  drunk neighbour . 
  ahhhh , that 's how you make fox even more obnoxious, 
  guys , guys , we have some really great beach front properties . 
  could you please annex us ? 
  you can even leave your towels wherever you like . 
  the most balanced country in europe !, 
  yay !, 
  europe should realign with china if these idiots try to break up the eu . 
  and craft beers . 
  you have to bring some american craft beers . 
  us uses a lot of european weapon systems . 
   but us technology . 
  do you know how many european weapon systems us army uses ? 
  a lot . 
  abrams tank uses german 120mm gun . 
  at-4 ( main infantry anti-armor ) is swedish berreta handguns - italian . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m777_howitzer  the m777 is manufactured by bae systems ' global combat systems division . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naval_strike_missile  in late july 2014 , the u.s. navy confirmed that the nsm would be tested aboard the uss coronado ( lcs-4 ) littoral combat ship . 
  although there is no requirement for a missile of the type for the ship classes , the navy sought to evaluate its capabilities to see if it can expand the lcs ' anti-surface warfare role . 
  [ 13 ] the test occurred successfully on 24 september 2014 , although that does not mean it will be integrated onto the lcs norwegian missile for their lcs ships and many many more ... europe does n't need us technology . 
  [ have a look ] ( https://i.redd.it/ai3p4pnvk29y.gif ), 
   dam !, 
  yap , it is . 
  good decision . 
  if you are in \u0160ibenik or zadar , maybe check [ kornati national park ] ( https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1504&amp;bih=742&amp;q=kornati+national+park&amp;oq=kornati&amp;gs_l=img.3.1.0l10.777.1631.0.2985.7.7.0.0.0.0.173.782.0j6.6.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..1.6.775...0i10k1.4ymww2dgp0y ) ( if it 's nice weather ) . 
   that was you . 
  if you have any questions come to / r/croatia we usually put a dedicated tourist thread sometime in may , but you are free to ask anything in the sub as well . 
  there are also two pretty big archived threads with tons of info in our sidebar . 
  winter is coming ? 
  yes , but it 's a bit different here . 
  we are used to thinking in deutsch mark and euro for much longer than a decade . 
  it goes back to the 1980 's . 
   a lot of people claimed any increase in prices was due to the euro , no matter the actual reason . 
  that will happen for sure . 
  anyone who can will round up to a bigger price . 
  it 's been around 7.5 to euro for years . 
  no matter how euro does on international markets we keep it around 7.5 . 
  we could switch tomorrow and no one would bat an eye . 
  most big transactions are already in euros and people save in euros . 
  loans are mostly in euros as well . 
  buying a flat ? 
  it 's priced in euros . 
  a car ? 
  in euros mostly , they do have a price in kunas , but it 's pegged . 
  and so on ...
