  morons surfing internet for opinions . 
  speaking ( training ) is the most important when learning a language . 
  i had english , german and latin and kept only english with some bits of german because i never spoke german to anyone . 
  you can study a language , but it is not enough . 
   but without english lessons , it 's impossible . 
  actually ... not really . 
  my kid picked up english from youtube , she really understands it quite well and she is 6 years old and never had a single lesson in her life . 
  the younger one speaks half croatian half english , mixing both languages ... also from youtube . 
  barbed wire ? 
  watch towers ? 
  mines ? 
  plenty investment options . 
   they will be filled on a rotational basis , so croatian soldiers will not participate in them anytime soon . 
  it is expected that they might go there in 2017 or at the beginning of 2018 . 
  the final decision about sending croatian soldiers abroad has to be made by parliament . 
  this is what i found . 
  other sources claim one company into german-dutch contingent . 
   it appears they 're very skeptical of the new agreement . 
  nah , it 's just that we have really retarded government and they probably even do n't understand the topic . 
  we also have the shittiest internet in the eu . 
   ( and more ? ), 
  it 's reported here that we are sending a company to be part of german-dutch force . 
  seems like we are sending a company to be part of german-dutch contingent . 
  so it 's also lithuania for us . 
  trump could send mexicans and others to uk . 
  win - win . 
  the dark side is too strong . 
  as soon as they land on the moon they can start making demands . 
   as i said , russia no longer has any arguments . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a-135_anti-ballistic_missile_system  the a-135 ( nato : abm-3 ) anti-ballistic missile system is a russian military complex deployed around moscow to counter enemy missiles targeting the city or its surrounding areas . 
  it became operational during 1995 . 
  it is a successor to the previous a-35 , and compliant with the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty from which the us unilaterally withdrew in 2002 . 
  you do realize that nato is ` building ' a missile shield , right ? 
  and that it 's ` defense ' against russia , right ? 
  you do know that russians have fully functioning abm around moscow ? 
  they have `` missile shield '' and are fucking hypocrites about it . 
  both patriot and s 300 can be used against ballistic missiles . 
  you are the biggest and most diverse anglophone country , it would be natural to rule this union from washington dc . 
  https://www.eba.europa.eu/regulation-and-policy/passporting-and-supervision-of-branches  in accordance with the principle of single authorisation , the decision to issue an authorisation valid for the entire eu shall be the sole responsibility of the competent authorities of the home member state . 
  a financial institution may then provide the services , or perform the activities , for which it has been authorised , throughout the single market , either through the establishment of a branch or the free provision of services . 
  you need to be a member state ... which uk wo n't be and switzerland is n't . 
   soon it will be european countries offering mad tax breaks to the car manufacturers in the uk which we do n't own ( nissan , honda , land rover etc ) all being offered deals to leave and the worst part is ... they will . 
  [ japan carmakers weigh uk options post-brexit ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bef35ac-3c44-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0.html )  ahead of the referendum , toyota had already warned of `` huge cost reduction challenges '' at its plants in burnaston in derbyshire and deeside in north wales if the uk faced a 10 per cent tariff on exports to europe . 
  about 75 to 80 per cent of the toyota and honda cars that are produced in the uk are destined for the eu . 
  -  immediately after the vote last week , both toyota and honda said they would monitor developments , while nissan declined to comment . 
  ford said it may cut jobs in britain to keep its operations competitive . 
  [ brexit vote rattles japanese auto makers ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/brexit-vote-rattles-japanese-auto-makers-1467021484 )  nissan , toyota and honda motor co. produce about half of all vehicles made in the u.k. each year . 
  most of the u.k. 's auto output is exported , and more than half of the exports go to eu nations , according to the u.k. automotive industry 's trade organization . 
   numerous beauty competitions all over the uk that 's the problem . 
  i only listen to my wife . 
  your mom 's opinion does n't count . 
  why ? 
   being young and pretty ? 
  it 's the brits , young is enough . 
  why would you change grouchy smurf ? 
  he was just trying to break the ice . 
  we had german , english , french and russian in schools . 
  i had german and was allowed to take english test at the end of school year . 
  i ended elementary school with two foreign languages . 
  i had both german and english in high school as regulars . 
  you forget tourism and `` gastarbajter '' influence for german . 
   i have n't personally seen it be very popular you have to understand that many people from croatia and bosnia worked in germany since the 1960 's and we also had german tourists even back in yugoslavia . 
   so do i know german ? 
  neyn . 
  i had it for 9 years and still did n't learn . 
   heck , i believe it was n't even taught as a foreign langauge in yugoslavia , but i could be wrong . 
  wrong . 
  very wrong . 
  it was more common in schools in croatia than english back in yugoslavia . 
  i had german and english . 
  we understand czech more than polish or bulgarian . . or others . 
  they are close enough that you can communicate . 
  it 's easy for slovenia , they all sit for a morning coffee at the same table and discuss politics . 
  it 's a bit hypocritical that russians have working abm and whine when others want the same . 
  and i know that americans withdrew from the treaty . 
  anyway , it 's a moot point with development of the latest missiles , like s-500 or newer patriots / standards since they can shoot ballistic missiles . 
  you do know that russians have the same capability ? 
  moscow is defended by only functioning abm system in the world . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a-135_anti-ballistic_missile_system  the a-135 ( nato : abm-3 ) anti-ballistic missile system is a russian military complex deployed around moscow to counter enemy missiles targeting the city or its surrounding areas . 
  it became operational during 1995 . 
  it is a successor to the previous a-35 , and compliant with the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty from which the us unilaterally withdrew in 2002 . 
   the a-135 system attained `` alert '' ( operational ) status on february 17 , 1995 . 
  it is operational although its 51t6 ( nato reporting name : sh-11 ) component was deactivated in february 2007 . 
  a newer missile is expected to replace it . 
  there is an operational test version of the system at the test site in sary shagan , kazakhstan . 
   now that guidance tech is as accurate as it is , you can also pack multiple warheads in one missile . 
  same here . 
  it 's been around 7.5 kunas for euro forever . 
   croatia we use euros anyway for anything important . 
  wan na take a loan ? 
  it 's in euros . 
  looking for a house ? 
  price in euros . 
  without uk france is the only nuclear power in the eu . 
  they also do n't depend on other countries to develop their nukes . 
  somehow i do n't think brexiters were aiming for that . 
  germans have been building their image for decades and have invested a lot into high technology and research . 
  you ca n't get that over night . 
  you need labour force that can produce such goods . 
   realistically : more manufacturing would be good for england .
