  it 's fucking easy to to say this shit . 
  should serbs in croatia get equal rights ? 
  should serbs in croatia have right to their own political parties ? 
  should serbs in croatia have their representatives in our sabor ? 
  should serbs have right to return ? 
  or should we put just expel serbs and gays and have one happy christian catholic croatia ? 
   i do n't want to be locked inside my flat one whole day , because outside is chaos sooooo ... your personal needs are more important than needs of whole section of society ? 
  `` fuck them , my walk is more important than thousands of people and their right '' . 
   no point to have the parade really , we are not ready . 
  and how will you become ready ? 
  chetniks and similar morons will change their mind ? 
  ban it ? 
  violence wins ? 
  not ironic because kosovo had borders in yugoslavia . 
  and whose fault is that ? 
  i am guessing eu or germany ... maybe turkey ? 
  and what 's wrong with greeting some guy named adolf ? 
  it was really hard and painful in croatia and we still have many problems , but things are getting better . 
  just looking at how much corruption was during hdz rule it makes me sick ... and those guys won all elections in 1990 's and twice in 21st century . 
  people here are fucking dumb . 
  they vote for these assholes whose only interest is to steal and keep inventing enemies instead of voting for people who might put them to work and secure food on the table for their children . 
  you use it in greece because it 's too big ? 
  well ... we already had serbian cyrillic so learning another one would be pain in the ass . 
  also , back then russian was synonym for soviet . 
   first of all mouse over that little eu flag near my username  i do n't allow styles . 
  :p  as for speaking english in different countries -- i 'm sorry , i 'm willing to learn the language that 's mostly spoken in the region i move in * , but i vehemently refuse to learn the language of every single country i want to spend my vacation in . 
  i just do n't have that much brain power and time and patience . 
  why sorry ? 
  you would be crazy to do that . 
   plus , for the whole language learning thing , how come most of you polyglots learn to speak french or german or italian as a second/third/fourth language , but not polish or hungarian or czech or bulgarian ? 
  because school ? 
  i had german in school and learned english along with it , as second language actually . 
  back when i was in school you had english , german or russian and i am glad i missed russian . 
  it rili saks for ju ingli\u0161 pipl . 
  impossible !!!!!!!!!, 
  in the balkans ????? 
  never . 
  lol , wtf you expected ? 
  truth ? 
   recent case : social network . 
  the latter won ... but only after a rather long & passionate & messy public debate . 
  this one was easy and not a problem . 
  the biggest problem is that the way they make new words is n't modern . 
  you get stuff someone would say in 1901 instead of 2011 . 
  it 's done to be different when compared to serbian . 
  and that 's why it is n't adopted . 
  it does n't feel natural . 
  it 's because they do n't even try to use that would sound modern . 
  in croatia they are stuck in 19th century wrt language . 
  they come up with words that sound stupid and unnatural . 
  that 's the problem . 
  not english . 
   since i work in field of technology , we do n't even have serbian words for some technology terms consider yourself lucky , i hate `` new '' terms made up by our linguists . 
  specially because they were coined not to be english and to be different than serbian . 
  i use less than 10 % of those . 
  `` tipkovnica '' for keyboard is imho ok , but i 'll never use `` o\u010dvrsje '' for hardware . 
  fucking retarded . 
   but i will say that the religious authorities have a big sway in politics . . it 's not that separated !, 
  well , they have a lot of influence in croatia as well , it 's one of consequences of nationalism and wars . 
  religion is basically only major difference between croats , serbs , bosniaks , montenegrins ... language is almost same , i have less trouble speaking to somebody from sarajevo or belgrade than from split or some dalmatian island . 
  bosnian muslims before the war were completely secular . 
  alcohol , even pork was no big deal , specially in larger cities . 
  so , yes , it can be and it is . 
  the problem is uneducated poor masses governed by royal families or dictators . 
  they have nothing else but religion ... 
  little different in croatia since we had our war in 1990 's . 
  there is constant praise for veterans , there are reminders of battles , specially larger operations that liberated the country in 1995 and so on . 
  veterans are pretty large voting block so politicians ca n't ignore them and that 's one of the reasons they are so much in the media . 
  also , nationalism . 
  that 's a part of a system of corruption , do n't fool yourself . 
  they need a study for that ? 
  they were n't much help anyway , you had to save their asses anywhere they went . 
  with allies like that you do n't even need enemies . 
  you should really try turkish coffee in bosnia . 
   claiming for instance that alexander the great was slav ok , that 's just stupid . 
  if they do this i can understand some frustration . 
   i would have totally agreed to nova macedonia or slavomacedonia or any other name that implies that there are in fact two and you do n't want to march north and free the `` macedonian minority '' in greece . 
  for the sake of argument ... they could call their country `` anything but macedonia and we promise not to liberate anyone in greece '' and still march if they wanted to . 
  the name is fucking irrelevant . 
  they are small country with shitty military and somehow greece , member of nato , is threatened by them ? 
  it was called macedonia back in yugoslavia , they identified as macedonian , why should they change because something happened 2000 years ago ? 
  ancient macedonia was located there ... they came , took the name and live there , what 's the big deal ? 
  this statement is really retarded . 
  coal is much worse than nuclear . 
  i agree . 
  it should be a concern . 
  specially if they are going to build those planes there giving them access . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would rather see europe keeping its best tech here and giving them a chance to compete with us . 
  i never said anything that would indicate i disagree . 
  i am just saying that they are still crap and even with blueprints there are still things they ca n't do . 
  by the way , russians stole nuclear secrets , americans `` stole '' german scientists after the ww2 , i have no illusion chinese would also steal highly valued secrets if they could . 
  they have engines there , they maybe even have blueprints , but they still ca n't make them . 
  http://www.wnd.com/2012/05/engine-troubles-stall-stealth-jet-program/ having plans for f-35 and making something like it are two different things . 
  china still ca n't produce high quality aircraft engines for their military . 
  and i think they fund their military r&d way more than civilian . 
  we still have people dying in minefields . 
  not all of them are mapped and nobody knows where are all the mines . 
  http://rodbeglerf.hubpages.com/hub/the-language-policy-in-switzerland  until recent debates , all kids / students did learn a second national language in school , and english later on . 
  the `` standard '' choice was french for the german speaking , and german for the others . 
  now it seems english is given priority over second national language .
