  one more : http://www.mup.hr/184972/100.aspx anti- tank rockets , mines , grenades and even a mortar . 
  all buried in an old bunker . 
  loads of weapons still around . 
  croatia : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2rec3f/croatian_home_arsenals_an_album_of_weapons_police/, 
  you need to practice if you wan na hit something with an anti-tank rocket . 
   maybe it was a dud ? 
  they have minimal distance before they are armed . 
  if it was shot from too close the warhead would n't explode . 
   mosques , islamic cultural centres and education centres should be checked by the government to tackle extremism , not banning their clothings . 
  no more saudi mosques and imams . 
  and how would you classify rocket launchers ? 
  sure , sure . 
  and then we can switch to old norse or slavic gods . 
  and it was done by force against the will of the people . 
  i am sensing a trap here . 
  ya , ya , along with chechnya after kadyrov . 
  i 'll repeat myself again , it 's not that simple , but i am not into `` ukraine is 100 % right '' circlejerk here . 
  i do have a thing against changing borders by force ( big fucking surprise ) , but i am trying to be objective here . 
  you do n't have to preach here , i do n't think russia is the devil . 
  another question , if crimea has a right to choose , does kosovo ? 
   the thing about tatars is that they do n't have any actual areas in crimea where they are the majority . 
  ya , well , we could talk about russians coming there and blah , blah ... as i said , it 's not that simple , but i do think russia has some legit claims . 
  current russia and how they treat minorities is another discussion . 
  to be completely honest , i do think that crimea is not as simple as some closer `` issues '' . 
  it was given to ukraine during soviet times for weird reasons and it did have russian majority . 
  it still does n't change the fact of `` little green men '' who took it away . 
   i 'm glad they 're finally free from ukraine . 
  seems like tatars there do n't have that opinion . 
   we are breaking all records this year in terms of tourism same here . 
  probably the best season ever . 
  you might think that , but you are wrong . 
  under old yugoslav constitution every republic ( and autonomous region like kosovo ) has the right to secede . 
  whole shit in yugoslavia started in 1987 when milo\u0161evi\u0107 went to kosovo and used kosovo serbs ( and others ) to overthrow kosovo leadership and later vojvodina and montenegro leadership giving him 4 votes out of 8 in yugoslav presidium making any decision he does n't like impossible . 
  every decision about kosovo after that was taken against the will of majority of its population in belgrade . 
  ukraine did nothing even close to that in crimea . 
  nothing . 
  `` some '' being a keyword here . 
  it 's not a translation , but it 's funny when you hear it . 
  [ vesna pusi\u0107 primila kurza ] ( https://vimeo.com/83314077 ) it means `` vesna pusi\u0107 takes a dick '' ( she was our foreign minister ), 
   lock him up and forget about the key for some decades . 
  parachute him over is territory . 
  since he likes it so much . 
   `` they do n't have the infrastructure for the people they need to hire . 
  they say they do n't even know the right questions to ask when they finally begin bargaining with europe . '' geeez . 
  and brits expect to get a good deal ? 
  uk spends 25 % of total eu military spending . 
  france around 20 % , just a little more than germany . 
  for example , italy has more ships ( except submarines ) , more tanks and more ifvs than uk . 
  even greece has more tanks and ifvs than uk . 
  there are some pretty strong militaries that are often overlooked when considering eu power . 
  combined eu forces have more men that us . 
   for one uk is like 30-40 % ( number has been pulled out of my ass ) of eu defence capability with the french probably being another 30-40 % . 
  and uk is leaving according to their referendum . 
  nope . 
  very wrong . 
  article mentions heavy promotions as one of factors ( yap , i read the article ) . 
  i was speculating about pound dropping and imports on top of what i read in the article . 
  we ( croatia ) had high inflation and when i read about money losing value i always remember how it was back then . 
  pound is dropping and imported goods will get more expansive . 
  maybe that could be a factor as well ? 
  i know no one reads articles , so i 'll paste some points . 
   `` a heavy month of promotions proved very successful in appealing to bargain-hungry shoppers . 
  the big question for retailers is whether that success can be carried forward into full price sales , '' she added . 
  -  but economists have warned against using retail sales as a guide to the health of the economy , due to the data 's sensitivity to the weather and because they expect it to lag other drivers of a post-referendum slowdown . 
  -  the boe and others expect business and housing investment to slow first , and for consumer spending to hold up until the inflationary effects of sterling 's post-referendum slump and a likely rise in unemployment hit households . 
  nah , it 's about the size of their coast . 
  running joke in croatia every time slovenia is mentioned . 
  \\ #justbalkanthings, 
   adriatic nation lol, 
  guard duty on new year sucks . 
  i had rotation of 2 hours guard duty and 4 hours of rest / sleep for a week . 
  fuck that . 
  at least you had night vision . 
  they could find proper weapons just by walking around croatia , people actually throw away rocket launchers , grenades , mines and guns . 
  ( croatian ministry of interior website ) - http://www.mup.hr/184972/73.aspx, 
   well , mosques ? 
  paid by saudi arabia . 
  this was just a really great picnic . 
  reference : [ albanian picnic video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=curcfclhs8g ), 
  the moment they succeed in creating `` us or them '' thinking in european minds is the moment they will regret . 
  there are rumors that some of pakistani nukes are actually saudi , but officially they do n't have them . 
   or look at any of the many charming terrorist orgaisations sponsored by iran , or the quaint and barbaric practices of shi'ites anywhere else . 
  how many shiite attacks in the us ? 
  how many in europe ? 
  all these attacks lately in europe are sunnis . 
  was there even a single attack by shiites in europe ? 
   indeed , but what i mean to say is that the russians have by no means forced a smashing victory . 
  and even now are moving at a slow pace . 
  it 's not a smashing victory because they do n't want to deploy ground forces , but government forces have the upper hand and have liberated large parts of lattakia province , won in palmyra , besieged aleppo and so on . 
  considering the numbers of russian planes and helicopters it 's a pretty big thing . 
  us is also doing the same to is . 
  kobane was saved by us air power and sdf are advancing on is under us cover . 
   one question , do you know the reason why nusra and is split ? 
  internal jihhadi politics , nusra was loyal to aq , while baghdadi wanted to create his state . 
  something like that supported by lots of kuran verses . 
  basically , classic power grab by baghdadi . 
  knowing russia they `` spill '' more than they spill . 
  i have seen this in post-yugoslav wars , you do n't have to explain that to me . 
  it started as a power grab by milo\u0161evi\u0107 and ended with hundreds of thousends of dead people . 
  `` us vs. them '' is a very powerful mechanics and my whole point is that these islamists are playing with fire here .
