  alen could be a croat or a serb or a muslim , but rizvanovi\u0107 it 's 100 % muslim . 
   alen rizvanovi\u0107 yes , that 's a muslim name . 
   he 's probably a muslim , but there is no islamist connection whatsoever . 
  as i said . 
   may his victims rest in peace . 
  absolutely . 
  some moron has problems in his marriage and goes to kill other people who did nothing wrong . 
  fuck him . 
  he could be a croat or a serb if he is from bosnia , does n't have to be a muslim , but that 's the first thing that pops up . 
  with wahhabi cells and is recruiters in bosnia it 's not that far fetched . 
   no religious or fanatical background so far . 
  that 's kinda good news in that horror . 
  how does that even come close to your original post ? 
  croatian media says that the guy is a 26 year old from bosnia . 
  no info on any islamist connections . 
  or else ... 
  it 's a bullshit . 
  they have the highest health care cost per capita in the world . 
  he switched from being big assad 's friend to worst enemy when it started . 
  turkey is actively helping rebels to organize assaults , supplies weapons and intelligence and so on . 
  they are now playing with saudia arabia and quatar . 
  among others they support al nusra . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/29/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-arms-iduskbn0oe28t20150529  a turkish newspaper published video footage on friday which it said showed security forces discovering weapons parts being sent to syria on trucks belonging to the mit state intelligence agency . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/21/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-arms-iduskbn0o61l220150521  the witness testimony contradicts turkey 's denials that it sent arms to syrian rebels and , by extension , contributed to the rise of islamic state , now a major concern for the nato member . 
  if only they had guns to protect themselves from noise . 
   but the government do n't want to do anything across the border . 
  wrong , they do a lot across the border , like supporting is . 
  [ albanian picnic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=curcfclhs8g ), 
  yes , there is a backslash against corruption in hns and this could be a part of it . 
  as i said , everyone is guilty , from politicians to clubs . 
   crossing a border is not that easy and croatia needs to be careful of who they let in . 
  yap , we do n't want some serbs to sneak in . 
  geography ? 
  sava and drava rivers make it much harder to move so many people from bosnia to hungary . 
  it 's much easier to move them to slovenia instead . 
  i hope they kick us from euro at least and maybe then someone might actually do something . 
  retards . 
  i stopped watching football long ago , but this is fucking stupid . 
  who is to blame ? 
  everyone in croatian football . 
  and more . 
  politicians who are afraid to do something about these kinds of things , hns ( croatian football association ) who are doing nothing and clubs themselves who are using hooligans for their own needs . 
  yes , please . 
  the biggest problem is bosnia ... and i do n't see it solved any time soon . 
  and yet nato combined is over one trillion dollars a year , more than 10 times what russia or china spend . 
  nato could go to 1.5 or even 2 trillion a year if needed without breaking a sweat . 
  two biggest economies in the world ? 
  us and eu . 
  three nuclear powers . 
  almost a billion people ( around 900 million ) living in first world conditions . 
  nato has more soldiers than china . 
  and so on ... and yet people whine about spending . 
   nato needs less deadweights and liabilities imo . 
  and russia always wanted a nice warm place to put its ships . 
  with montenegro in nato they lose the last chance of getting that . 
   this has nothing to do with race or colour . 
  this is first and foremost a religious issue . 
  it will be solved , if and when , the establishment grows a pair and actually faces the audience ( salafist muslims ) and demand some real change . 
  or maybe when west stops the flow of saudi money into salafi / wahhabi schools and mosques . 
  they spent over 100 billion $ to promote wahhabism around the world . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabism#funding_factor  estimates of saudi spending on religious causes abroad include `` upward of $ 100 billion '' ; [ 298 ] between $ 2 and 3 billion per year since 1975 ( compared to the annual soviet propaganda budget of $ 1 billion/year ) ; [ 299 ] and `` at least $ 87 billion '' from 1987-2007 . 
   princip 's idea was to liberate serbia , or , if not just serbia , then all the south slavic lands . 
  lol ... you really have no clue . 
   they erected the statue to celebrate their history . 
  he is a great man to serbians regardless of what you think . 
    it 's easy to blame someone . 
  it 's much harder to give them . 
  what the fuck that even means ? 
   actions speaking louder than statues they do . 
  that 's the problem . 
  i asked a question ? 
  ( and if you knew more about yugoslavia it would ' t be that shocking ), 
  lol . 
  maybe is someone insists on what happened back then by ... let 's say making a statue ... he / she / them are n't really ready for what you are saying ? 
  who erected the statue ? 
   ridiculous comparison . 
  not at all . 
   i do n't know who he is so i ca n't comment . 
  for some he is a national hero ( he is the fuck who sold a lot of territory to italians before ww2 to get to power and created `` independent state of croatia '' ... basically ... croatian hitler , but worse ) at the end of the day these people become icons for a single idea they represent . 
  hitler is associated with the holocaust and wwii whilst napoleon and bismark are associated with increasing the status of their two nations . 
  geeee ... same idea killed 200 00 people in bosnia 1990 's . 
  that it 's all serbian  the problem with prinzip is that serbians and the rest of europe have very different ideas about what prinzip represents . 
  for serbs , it 's the creation of a greater yugoslavia and glory for serbia . 
  for the rest of europe , it 's the assassination of the arch duke . 
  and one small detail ... what did serbs do with non-serb population in bosnia  if europe , and the balkans especially , is going to come together one day and stop causing petty squabbles with one another , then we need to overcome our petty differences which are n't founded on anything . 
  the disagreement over prinzipe is a disagreement over notion . 
  nothing petty in knowing history . 
   but franz ferdinand wanted to give further autonomy to the different ethnicities something serbs did n't want . 
  bosnia prospering under austria was n't what serbian nationalists wanted . 
   but i am saying that the serbs have every right to erect a statue of him because , from their perspective , he 's not a bad guy should croats erect a statue of paveli\u0107 ? 
  he is n't that bad from croatian nationalistic perspective . 
  and hiter is n't that bad from germany aryan perspective . 
   who guaranteed the independence of their country . 
  he did n't . 
  actually ... if they lost ww1 they would n't have a country . 
   it 's like the french commemorating napoleon or the germans celebrating bismark . 
  ffs ... have you any idea how fucking absurd this is ? 
  he was one stupid fuck who killed an unarmed guy driving in an open car . 
  when was this map created ? 
   and still the idea that all the former yugoslav republics are connected is n't dead .
