  hope it will end soon . 
   the message to india that `` we want your money but we do n't want your people '' was , to say the least , not a great pitch . 
  is n't that the same message they sent to the eu ? 
   that 's because american offerings are better . 
  have you any idea how many european weapons are used by americans ? 
  from pistols , over rocket launchers to howitzers and planes ? 
   europe does not have the capability to defend itself . 
  this is one of the dumbest things i have read . 
  defend against who ? 
  eu forces are more than capable of defending against russia . 
  russia is still relying mostly on old soviet shit and started to modernize in the last few years and is lacking in many areas . 
  ffs , they had to buy ships from france because their shipbuilding is almost completely gone . 
  it took them over a decade to build a frigate . 
  even their latest subs are based on soviet stuff . 
  russia is spending around 4 % of gdp on it 's military and still ca n't come even close to capabilities of `` defenceless europe '' . 
  we need a comet there !!!, 
  maybe you should read the article you linked ? 
   maybe closer to swiss deal . 
  swiss deal includes all four freedoms . 
  and when they had a referendum on free movement , they still had to accept eu terms . 
  tsk , tsk ... no link ? 
  here , have one : https://media.giphy.com/media/lf7o1vifd87fi/giphy.gif, 
   shakira [ hips be upon her ] ( https://gfycat.com/unlawfultartcrow ), 
  that 's what i do n't understand here . 
  how can anyone prefer that over eu ? 
  i was surprised it was a/b they were discussing . 
  f35 is expansive , but makes sense for them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iris-t  the iris-t ( infra red imaging system tail/thrust vector-controlled ) is a german-led program to develop a short-range infrared homing air-to-air missile to replace the aim-9 sidewinder found in some nato member countries . 
  any aircraft capable of firing the sidewinder is also capable of launching the iris-t . 
   this brings up to the next problem , that nato wants a top dog , and the only one that russia can supply is the pak-fa , which has its own troubles given the tiny order by the russians , as the order was downscaled from 54 to 12 . 
  wrong . 
  it 's just about the first batch , they will order many more when they finally fix everything . 
  it did n't even finish development . 
   both are human . 
  hmmm ... 
   fuck man , and i thought he would have some class but i guess money ca n't buy that ... why would you think that ? 
  what about him says any kind of class ? 
  that 's less or more coughing than modern dutch ? 
   you mean ~ ~ king 's ~ ~ weed 's landing ftfy, 
   edit : oh shit , / u/silence _ hr !, 
  you are the same guys on militaryporn !!!, 
  love your pics man !!!, 
  i 'll post a nice picture of cavour for you . 
  check / r/missileporn also . 
   then why so up north ? 
  currents . 
  depends where they had to dump it . 
  if it 's open sea off montenegro then it 's possible to get this far north to murter and kornati . 
  smugglers on their way to italy . 
  either albanian , montenegrin or italian mafia . 
  we are covered in german towels . 
  it 's probably albanian dumped by smugglers on their way to italy . 
  no beaches for you guys this summer !, 
  it 's actually much more ... it 's been popping up all over the southern coast . 
  today : http://www.index.hr/vijesti/clanak/nasmijana-dalmacija-na-obale-visa-i-hvara-doplutalo-jos-136-kila-marihuane-/955717.aspx 136 kilos washes on vis and hvar 3 days ago : https://www.tportal.hr/vijesti/clanak/stotinjak-kilograma-marihuane-doplutalo-do-murtera-20170307 100 kilos floated to murter today : http://sibenskiportal.rtl.hr/2017/03/10/nakon-murtera-marihuana-doplutala-i-do-kornata-policajci-iz-mora-digli-50-kila/ 50 kilos found around kornati islands, 
  and when you mix them with french you get belgians . 
   for other reasons . 
  like ? 
   imo the biggest problem of the defence cuts has been the hollowing out of europe 's navies . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  also , total nato defense spending is almost 1 trillion dollars . 
  he has a fucking tower in the middle of manhatten with his name in gold letters ... 
  anyone thinking he is n't establishment is a fucking idiot . 
  even better !, 
  us greenlit jna 's attempt to keep yugoslavia together . 
  americans were for unity of yugoslavia in 1990 . 
  that 's why they fucked us with arms embargo . 
   as a person from a country where there 's mandatory conscription of males , i think women should have mandatory conscription as well . 
  yap , we really missed girls when i was in the army . 
  it would be much nicer to have a girl doing night watch with you . 
  because they could . 
  simple as that . 
  what sea ? 
  there are some minor ones and there are some where you will be fucked in the ass by a committee of ass-fucking . 
  out of all the countries in the eu ... slovenia was fucking us the hardest . 
  huh , opening is easy , closing is a problem . 
  which part of bosnia ? 
  we have commitments to nato , something some people in serbia do n't understand . 
  when we buy some shit ( or get it from americans ) it 's not about serbia . 
  we have troops in kosovo , afghanistan and now we will send some to the baltics under german command . 
  it 's a nato thing . 
  these planes helped with fires in bosnia , greece , montenegro ... even israel . 
  i am glad we spent some money on something useful , these are actually one of few things done right . 
  they hoover to fight the fire . 
  after it is put out local firefighters take over and oversee if there is a chance for fire to start again . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8w0ksdmvpl4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8-puqq5jqs, 
  yes . 
  we have very long coast with many islands , fires are a big problem . 
  that 's why we bought many firefighting planes and have one of the biggest fleets in europe . 
  6 cl 415 and 6 at-802  are these canadian cls ? 
  yes . 
  i agree . 
  eu forces are actually pretty big , but not integrated and that 's the biggest problem right now . 
  also , i do n't think russia would attack the eu , they want to keep selling gas and oil to us and make money . 
  i wonder why . 
  it 's a complicated issue around here for many reasons . 
  during our war jna ( yugoslav army ) sided with serbs and wore the red star which makes it pretty hated . 
  some people think that we need to still fight communism and you get some really fucked politics over that . 
  combine that with ww2 that was even more fucked up and you get overreaction like this . 
  little bit drama .
