  close enough ? 
  we were discussing that on / r/croatia, 
  there is low level conflict in tribal regions with pakistani taliban . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorist_incidents_in_pakistan_in_2015 this is just 2015 and just terrorist attacks . 
  stabilize libya , stop the war in syria even if it means assad stays and prop iraq / help them defeat is . 
  that should be a minimum that the west needs to do right now . 
  work with russians , work with iranians . 
  and tell those fucking saudis to stop financing wahhabi / salafi lunatics everywhere , same goes for gulf states . 
  syria is n't the only country affected by war . 
  iraq , lebanon , turkey , yemen , afghanistan and to some degree pakistan are all in this , one way or another . 
  libya is also in civil war , egypt has growing insurgency in sinai . 
  whole middle east is currently in a state of war or close to war . 
   yours is it takes time to build institutions which is true . 
  because i have seem transition from communism to democracy in a european country . 
  and it was n't pretty . 
  we still have problems with judiciary and some other institutions . 
  corruption runs high and so on . 
  most eastern european countries went through the same . 
  elections do n't mean functioning democracy . 
  both actually . 
  for different reasons . 
   and that 's why croatia is n't in the schengen area . 
  more like our border with bosnia and the fact that every croat in bosnia also has croatian passport . 
   it takes time to build up a smuggler infrastructure on the river that would allow mass transfer of immigrants via rivers . 
  we have lots of entrepreneurship people here . 
  specially from hercegovina in bosnia ... oh fuck . 
   i do n't think i have ever seen such an incompetent show . 
  this is how many of us see our government . 
  we are n't surprised , but pissed that we have to deal with this kind of shit every day . 
  that 's true . 
  and iran was a great candidate to actually turn into modern democratic country because they were building institutions for some time . 
   that 's exactly my point . 
  lybia was a tribal society . 
  poof tribal leader gone ( helped by the west of course ) and chaos ensues . 
  it was predictable . 
  it takes time to get to democracy . 
  you ca n't jam democracy down peoples throats that are not used to it . 
  they need to want it themselves . 
  absolutely . 
  maybe i misunderstood you . 
   the problem is that by removing gaddafi and the old establishment a void was created that has been filled by many bad things ( tm ) . 
   still . 
  i 'm strongly against the west meddling anywhere else unless such help is requested by a majority of the directly affected people or unless our own security is affected ( and i do n't mean `` potential threats '' , `` maybe existant wmds '' ) - but certainly never out of economic interest . 
  same here . 
   taliban ? 
  proxy war ussr-usa in afghanistan . 
  iran and the ayatollahs ? 
  well we just had to support the iranian revolution and remove the shah . 
  isis ? 
  well . 
  iraq had this giant stockpile of invisible wmds that we 're bound to find any day now . 
  you are wrong about the shah and iran . 
  us and brits toppled democratically elected government and installed shah . 
  iran was caused by western interference , but not the way you described . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d'%c3%a9tat  the 1953 iranian coup d'\u00e9tat , known in iran as the 28 mordad coup , was the overthrow of the democratically elected prime minister of iran mohammad mosaddegh on 19 august 1953 , orchestrated by the united kingdom ( under the name `` operation boot '' ) and the united states ( under the name tpajax project ) . 
  iran was a democracy . 
  hr-slo is harder than sr-hr . 
  once the snow starts it will be pretty fucked up around here as well . 
  ship them on trains and let them camp at the border . 
  either that or europe pulls its head out of its ass and does something . 
   and if croatia can barely handle them , than how can we ? 
  we ca n't . 
  you closed the border as well and we are just shipping them to you . 
  geeeee ... what could you do with them ? 
   the problem is that the west is obviously not capable of understanding that there are societies out there where democracy does not work . 
  it does n't work because democracy in europe ( and the us ) did n't come one day with elections after removing a king . 
  the institutions that are the basis for democracy have been evolving for centuries . 
  i have given the example of eastern europe after the fall of communism . 
  how bad did romania or bulgaria fall ... it was bad in croatia as well ( not counting war ) . 
  ukraine ? 
  all white , christian countries , european countries . 
  but they lacked democratic institutions . 
  former eastern germany is still not on the same level as the western part of the country . 
  it is not that arabs ca n't do democracy or wo n't . 
  it 's just that they do n't have the underlaying institutions needed for it . 
  every society can have democratic institutions , but it takes time to build those . 
  and that time was n't given to arab countries that removed their dictators . 
  libya , egypt , iraq were never given a chance . 
  dictatorship is n't just one guy . 
  and that 's the most important point of all this . 
  it 's the whole system . 
  and you ca n't change the whole system just by having elections . 
  judges , police , civil servents ... they are all part of the system . 
  of the dictatorship . 
  and they are still there . 
  it 's when you change or remove these remnants of the old system that you can have democracy . 
  hey , it 's everyone for themselves currently . 
  they do n't want to stay in slovenia just as they do n't want to stay in croatia . 
  why the fuck you care ? 
  the big mistake was thinking that removing dictators from power will bring western style democracy to the arab world . 
  having elections somewhere does n't mean you have democracy . 
  it 's much more than just elections . 
  it 's rule of the law . 
  independent judges . 
  competent and non-political police and public servants . 
  and nothing of this existed under those dictators . 
  and it takes a lot of time to build , just look at eastern europe and how fucked up were some countries after the fall of communism . 
  it would take a lot of money ... actually ** a lot of money ** ... to bring stable democracies to these countries . 
  and that 's without saudis and other gulf states fighting against it and giving shitloads of money to every wahhabi / salafi lunatic who is ready to shoot anyone in the name of islam . 
  saudis and gulf states do not want stable , democratic arab countries , because those would be a threat to their own existence .
