  i am actually on the coast and it 's pretty nice here . 
  you can find a spot any time of the day . 
  there is even a pine forrest with lots of shade . 
  i would never go to makarska . 
  too many bosnians . 
  not much to weigh in . 
  transcripts were made public bycroatian media and everyone can read them . 
  slovenians involved resigned . 
  slovenian foreign minister even said what will happen few months ago ... now it 's obvious he had insider info which should n't be possible . 
  it 's obvious slovenia broke the contract with their meddling in what was supposed to be unbiased decision and we ca n't trust any decision by such court anymore . 
  simple , they lobbied in the court which is against the rules and we caught them doing so . 
  they were also colluding to add redacted documents and other stuff to force their view . 
  they did a little bit too much to win and got caught . 
  now we do n't want to deal with a court that was heavily influenced by slovenia and we ca n't trust its decision to be unbiased . 
  there are transcripts of what they did . 
  did n't even think about that . 
  probably true . 
  i know . 
  what 's even weirder is that most immigrants to bosnia are from croatia ?? 
  do n't know how many immigrants go to bosnia , but i do n't know a single person in croatia who wants to live in bosnia instead of here . 
  on the other hand , we have a lot of croats from bosnia coming here . 
  serbian immigrants into albania ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  i still remember prices set in `` points '' where one point = = one dm . 
  long live inflation !, 
  i know . 
  hey , we would join also . 
  we love deutsche mark . 
  you could spend your deutsche mark here . 
  i do n't know how hard it would be to get into croatia , but if you are good at what you do there is certainly work for you and probably a pretty nice life . 
  it all depends on what you expect ... if you have some sort of portfolio you can pm me and i 'll compare with we do and give you info ... no promises , i get portfolios all the time and most are n't that good . 
   ( does europe even have one ) it does . 
  [ yugoslav tank running over a small red car in osijek ] ( http://www.index.hr/images2/crvenifico_youtube.jpg ) [ video , people throwing stuff on tanks , guy parks his own car to stop them ... you can see what happens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xpp2ho-wqk ), 
   `` serbs and croats '' ? 
  with parts of our coast in italy . 
  lovely . 
   i never thought it would leak out to the real world . 
  have you read anything about is ? 
  this is nothing compared to other atrocities they did . 
  they are already under aerial attacks by us and other western air forces . 
  kobane did n't fall mostly because there were daily bombings of is positions . 
   are they intentionally trying to be evil ? 
  yes . 
   the video is cut , but the shell impacts do n't seem that frequent . 
  that 's the biggest problem . 
   this could be a single tube firing . 
  i doubt . 
  the shots were well grouped , something mlrs does n't usually do . 
  it seemed like conventional artillery . 
  it does n't even look like whole battery firing , but single shots . 
  and those shots are grouped very well . 
   so i do n't know what 's actually there . 
  neither do i , but i have seen ( and have been under bombardment ) when the other side does n't even target . 
  you could point smerch or something like that in general direction and fire . 
  these are grouped shots on a single target . 
  very precise . 
  because all shot land in the same place ... 
  i do n't know donetsk , but can you tell me there is no military target there ? 
   what makes you think it is a fire mission on a specific target , as opposed to harassing fire on a random location ? 
  accuracy ? 
  this seems like very accurate firing on a specific target . 
  is there any government / military building there ? 
  [ are we the baddies ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tokcmnre5oy ), 
   i hope after the situation stabilises a bit it wo n't any time soon . 
  too many different players fueling wars with their different agendas . 
   its a fairly easy place to get ptsd . 
  i really hope you are not serious . 
  i was with my ex when she had to identify her father 's remains dug from a mass grave where serbs executed him during the war . 
  she did n't know what happened to him for 5 years and then her family gets info they found him in a mass grave . 
  he looks like very sore loser right now . 
  and how would american middle class students even get ptsd ? 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  this is fucking retarded . 
  he said famous . 
  drive dacia for safety . 
  not even isis will touch it . 
   american news there is your problem . 
   i have a difficult time believing that russians feel this way . 
  i do n't . 
  i have seen criminal privatisation in my country and how it affected people 's perception . 
  you could get pretty similar result in croatia , maybe not as extreme as russia , but a lot of people would agree to this statement . 
   and because of this , the russian government is significantly responsible for the resurgence of russophobia , but it also plays to the russian government 's propaganda , so it 's a vicious circle ... 
  reminds me of yugoslavia in late 1980 's when serbian propaganda went crazy . 
  same stuff ... scary how many pages from milo\u0161evi\u0107 's handbook i can see in russia and unfortunately it does n't end well . 
  it is sad what putin did to the country and how are they creating problems for the future generations . 
  i have no problem with russians , but their government is fucking terrible . 
  and this is why russian muscle flexing is such a joke . 
  they are flexing their muscles with stuff that is falling apart . 
  i am not sure it is even possible to remove milo from power . 
  paying 30 euros per square meter to paint a tunnel is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  http://www.vecernji.hr/hrvatska/hdz-gradio-kilometar-za-74-milijuna-eura-a-sdp-za-59-466677 sdp government was building 1km for 5.9 million euros hdz government was building the same for 7.4 million euros . 
  somehow 1 km of a highway started to cost 1.5 million euros more because government changed . 
  hac and arz ( public companies that run croatian highways ) were taking around 3 million euros of loans during sdp government , but when hdz came to power they were taking 14,5 million euros of loans per built km . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_spring 1971 ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_spring#economic_issues  at the 10th session of the central committee of the league of communists of croatia held on 15 january 1970 , savka dab\u010devi\u0107-ku\u010dar presented a quality paper on what she described as petty rhetoric about how croatia was getting harmed in yugoslavia . 
  [ 5 ] croatian 1968 gdp per capita was 25 % above national average , among other positive statistics . 
  [ 5 ] croatia used only 16.5 % of the money from the federal solidarity fund between 1965 and 1970 , while the yugoslav government used 46.6 % mostly for the least developed region kosovo and metohija . 
  [ citation needed ] concerns were also raised about the monopoly of the yugoslav investment bank and the bank for foreign trade from belgrade on all foreign investments and trade . 
  [ 2 ] [ 3 ] yugoslavia 's 1971-75 five-year plan was to be adopted in july 1970 but was postponed due to inter-republic conflict , high inflation and administrative reorganization . 
  [ 6 ] in the midst of the movement the federal executive council froze all prices in november 1971 for a four-month period .
