  off course there is price if you do n't have access to single market and there are tariffs , but that 's not eu 's problem . 
  same rules for all . 
  same deal as everyone else is n't punishing . 
  access to common market means adopting 4 freedoms . 
  fucking simple . 
   if i remember correctly , they hit some makeshift hq in a hotel with mavericks , although i 'm not sure it 's zagreb . 
  seems i was wrong about banski dvori attack . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_banski_dvori#bombing let me see if there is anything about attack on htv tower on sljeme . 
  forgot abour orao , ya , cool plane . 
   high wings , and that stupid sexy huge landing gears gets me hot . 
  guided weapons on top of that , mavericks ( ! ), 
  and grom . 
  mavericks were used on zagreb in 1991  ) ), 
   like people saying they 're orthodox , but have n't seen the inside of a church in 10 years . 
  same here . 
  most of that is by tradition , `` i am a croat , so i am catholic '' which i find ridiculous . 
  does n't change the fact they were shit during the wars . 
  we managed to down a lot of them . 
  i think we even captured some at udbina , but never used them . 
  that 's why i find it so weird . 
  super galeb was pretty nice . 
  jastreb and galeb were obsolete even before the 90s . 
  too bad na was never finished . 
  it would be a cool little fighter . 
   never heard that expression , and i 'm what you 'd consider a pro russian . 
  interesting . 
  really ? 
  i heard it back in 1980s during `` yoghurt revolution '' . 
   the average serb does feel closer to russian culture than to the west , which is kinda weird considering everybody consumes western culture on a daily basis . 
  cyrilics and orthodox , there is no western country like that . 
  same here . 
  so many types of food and they pick that ? 
  yes and no . 
  yugoslavia was much more interesting , even the one with just serbia and montenegro . 
  with montenegro in nato they are using serbia just to provoke nato , not much use since every country around serbia is in nato . 
  montenegro was specially interesting because they have a nice warm port in the adriatic . 
  `` nas i rusa 200 miliona '' no ? 
  you guys are a bit more pro-russian than average europeans which is weird because russians did n't actually play nice with you in the past . 
  sure , why not ? 
  we need to modernize our army further . 
  :p america , send some f16s . 
  off course we are among the biggest drinkers . 
  did n't expect anything less . 
  \u010ce\u0161ka in croatian . 
  italy is a weird one . 
  their position in in the middle of mediterranean sea , they do a lot of trade by sea ( specially historically ) and they had very expansionist politics in the past . 
  they also have strong naval traditions . 
  it 's pretty amazing how overlooked they are in the eu . 
   does n't seem to match up with their size and defense obligations . 
  60 million people . 
  8th largest economy in the world . 
  4th largest in the eu . 
  italy also has two functioning carriers . 
  and three amphibious transport docks . 
  that 's 5 flat tops in its service , the most in europe . 
  the british pound is down and inflation is up : this signals danger ahead for the bank of england and u.k. banks . 
  more than three months on from the brexit vote , the first hard data showing a slowdown in lending is emerging . 
  banks will give more details with third-quarter numbers from next week . 
  so far , the u.k. 's decision to leave the european union has pushed up some defaults and added pressure on profits , but the bigger risks of rising credit problems still hang over the sector . 
  in the past three months , defaults on unsecured consumer loans have suffered the sharpest jump since the second quarter of 2009 , according to the bank of england , but this has n't spread to other types of lending . 
  however , more problems are likely over next year and beyond due either to rate rises or higher living costs and a slowing economy . 
  the u.k. 's major vulnerability post-brexit is its reliance on foreign investors to fund its yawning current-account deficit . 
  if foreign investors flee , the pound will fall further and yields on u.k. government debt rise , while sky-high property prices would take a hit . 
  analysts believe an interest-rate increase to attract investors and defend the pound would be the last resort for the bank of england . 
  such a move could cause an increase in defaults among highly indebted u.k. consumers , especially recent home buyers in london and the southeast . 
  there are hopes this wo n't happen because the falling pound will shrink the u.k. 's current-account deficit , which stands at 6 % of gdp . 
  but this wo n't be achieved by normal avenues of higher exports or because the country attracts safe-haven flows . 
  u.k. exports compete on quality not price and the pound has n't historically behaved like a haven currency . 
  what should help in the near term is the international investment position , where the fall in the pound will lift the value of overseas assets and income . 
  a 20 % decline in sterling could cut 2 percentage points from the deficit , according to morgan stanley , though that is predicated on a eurozone economic recovery . 
  the rest of the economy already has higher input prices for manufacturers and higher food and energy prices for everyone , which hurt . 
  the other short-term impact of brexit is lower demand for credit across the board , according to the bank of england . 
  some banks have seen commercial loan demand recover during september , but do n't know how sustainable that will be . 
  the summer interest-rate cut has helped the economy but at the cost of bank profits . 
  for banks , the really damaging risk of foreign capital flight and a current account crisis probably remains an extreme one . 
  but the broader slowdown and pressures on consumer income that will make life harder for borrowers is under way . 
  even in this relatively positive scenario , banks come out losers . 
  they are too lazy to type anything into google . 
   i do n't see why they would drop the pound as a reserve currency it 's losing value . 
  and it will continue to lose value long-term . 
   take 15 % off of the workers wages . 
  pound already did that . 
   but admittedly we do have some common cooperative experience producing warships ( including modern ones like aquitaine/bergamini ) horizon class frigates are also joint italian and french project . 
  british type 45 destroyer came from that same project , but brits needed bigger ship so they left . 
  european navies have too many types of frigates and other ships with r&d costs way too big to build just 3 , 4 or 5 ships in a class . 
  spain , italy/france , the netherlands , germany , denmark all developed a class of modern frigates . 
  and all are fucking expansive because they needed to do all r&d alone . 
  in the end , even if uk manages to get `` soft brexit '' ( and i am sceptical ) it will still be in a worse situation than now . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  weird , just weird . 
  it will never make sense to me . 
  i know . 
  i just do n't understand how can anyone think that quitting the wealthiest free trading area in the world would be good for economy . 
  that was the thing that really bothered me even before the referendum . 
  just look at car industry in uk . 
   about 78 % of the cars built in uk factories in the first half-year were destined for other countries , with the eu the biggest market . 
  hmmmmm ... that would mean accepting freedom of movement and paying into eu ? 
  making this whole shitshow a lose-lose for uk ? 
  offering ? 
  you can access the single market under the same conditions as everyone else .
