i think we are the only eu member who had a war on its territory recently . 
  slovenian war lasted few days , so i am not counting them . 
  we had 4 years with 35 % of the country occupied . 
  lol . 
  no need , this way long ago , during the war . 
  true . 
   even if they start from a similar baseline it was n't same baseline . 
  even in communism there were differences between countries . 
  romania and bulgaria were not even close to czechoslovakia for example . 
  also , there were other factors , central european countries did have democracy at some point , they had industrial base before russians came and they continued to develop faster . 
  there is a reason why there were uprisings in hungary and czechoslovakia and solidarnost in poland . 
  also , not every country had same kind of communism . 
  compare romania and ceausescu with czechs and their `` prague spring '' . 
  vastly different . 
  jewish neo-nazis in this case . 
  there were many quisling forces who worked with nazis during ww2 , including slavs . 
  croatia was a german ally for example and even sent troops to the eastern front who fought at stalingrad . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/369th_croatian_reinforced_infantry_regiment_%28wehrmacht%29 it gets even better ... how about muslim slavs in waffen ss ? 
  very simple , right wingers are more likely to join if there are already right wing fighters on the ground . 
  ukraine nationalism is probably tied to some quisling movement during ww2 . 
  russians are playing anti-fascist card even though their right wingers are also neo-nazis and probably fighting on the other side . 
  we had the same problem during our war . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zgpnxdn8k8 there are so many parallels between what happened in croatia in 1991/95 and what is happening in ukraine . 
  rise in right wing nationalism connected to `` glorious ww2 past '' is one of them . 
  russia has pretty big neo-nazi problem . 
  [ israel 's nightmare : homegrown neo-nazis in the holy land ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/israels-nightmare-homegrown-neonazis-in-the-holy-land-396392.html )  members of the cell , aged 16 to 21 , are russian immigrants . 
  one is jewish , the rest were admitted to israel under the law of return , which grants automatic citizenship to anyone with at least one jewish grandparent -- the same criterion adopted by the third reich for sending jews to the gas chambers . 
  in the former soviet union , their families were defined on their identity cards as `` ethnic russians '' . 
  in israel , they are outsiders , frustrated and angry . 
  neo-nazism is a way to hit back where they know it hurts . 
  so big that they managed to create neo-nazis in israel . 
   i do n't understand why the mods of that subreddit were will to advertise was seemingly was recruiting from a neo-nazi brigade , it 's quite concerning to be honest . 
  because they will fight ? 
   i have the feeling that almost nobody is aware what it actually means when you hear about `` fightin in ukraine '' in the news . 
  around here we kinda understand pretty well . 
  it is off the chart . 
  must ... resist ... somehow ... uuuurm ... thank you for your comment . 
   and why do n't you guys illegalize money marriages ? 
  that should be illegal . 
  i think they are illegal , but they do it anyways . 
  in a lot of cases they do n't legally marry at all . 
  they even sell their kids to other countries . 
  and how will you track someone who is sold and sent to italy to live in a camp without address ? 
   i kind of agree but like i said before , america ghettos are settled but are still terrible places , you need to combine it with massive education like you said . 
  yes , education is the key . 
  provide them with better options . 
  i ca n't speak on us ghettos , do n't know much about them , but i think it 's a different set of issues . 
  the biggest problem with roma is when they choose nomadic way of life that is actually segregating them from people where they live . 
  they put up a camp , live there for some time and move on ... 
  us has different social dynamics than europe and those are probably why the ghettos exist , but i ca n't comment much , have n't been to one , have n't read much on the issue . 
  this girl went to social services , they provided her with place to live . 
  her professor in high school helped getting a job and she is now living on her own . 
  she was going to driving school at the time when article was written and planned to go to law school / university . 
  one roma parent in that article is a father of girl going to high school and he is against early marriages . 
  he told that the price for girls is known and that the girl has to be a virgin and if she is not , she is beaten . 
  education is the key to solving this , but it is hard to work with people who sell their daughters into marriages while they should be in a high school . 
   a lot of people automatically assume all roma are evil people but it is how they were raised , if you want to change them it must be done when they are young , and stop the hate against the young ones , they have no choice in their life . 
  true , but it is very annoying to be told you are racist because there are problems with roma in your community . 
  breaking the circle is very hard and first thing they need to let go is nomadic lifestyle . 
  as soon as they settle they start to change . 
  you ca n't belong to somewhere if you move your camp all the time . 
  it 's a very delicate subject and people shout racism too soon . 
  yes , there are stereotypes about them and that does n't help , but the problem is also on their end . 
  as i said , i fully understand people in that italian town because i have dealt with such roma . 
  they just want to use the damn bus in peace . 
  when i was in the army there were few roma guys , they did stick together , but i heard how they live . 
  one guy was 19 , had 3 kids and they allowed him to go to take care for a sick kid because without him no one was able to provide for the kid . 
  mother did n't work and the guy made money selling potatoes ... they were poor , but he never complained when given a task and wanted to work . 
  early marriages are a big problem for them . 
  i ca n't imagine having 3 kids at the age of 19 . 
  i have 2 now that i am 40 . 
  it 's a multitude of factors that is keeping them in poverty , but as soon as they decide to change their cultural stances they can prosper . 
  this link ( i already shared it ) is about some of roma girls who talk about roma life : http://danas.net.hr/hrvatska/otac-me-je-zelio-prodati-za-gajbu-piva yes , one had a father who wanted to sell her for a box of beer into arranged marriage , but she refused and finished school . 
  she left that life . 
  sad oni tra\u017ee moju pomo\u0107 '' , ka\u017ee bla\u017eenka `` i am roma , but i would never live in roma settlement again . 
  i do n't even go there anymore , some despise me , my parents are cold to me . 
  they want my help now . '', 
  this is prime example of what roma need to change . 
  those who want to integrate , can . 
  this girl was told by her parents at the age of 6 that she does n't need school and that they will marry her ... she had to run away ... 
  i hope there is more like her . 
  these links are actually encouraging , these roma have settled and there are voices from inside their community against these sorts of things . 
  it 's hard to change cultural beliefs and it will take time , but there is progress . 
  i actually think they will integrate sooner or later because they did choose to settle , build homes and want to improve their situation . 
  the government is working with them , but they need to resolve some of these issues among themselves . 
  they need to stop pulling their kids out of school for example . 
  there have been improvements with education as well . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  they are poor and we should help them , but they also need to start doing more to stop the worst stuff from happening . 
  personally , i think more and more of their kids will want to go to school and finish school because the life they have and the life they could have are so vastly different that it will push them in the right direction . 
  everybody wants a good life and these roma will probably change over a generation or two , mostly because they dropped their nomadic life and settled down . 
  i think that 's the most important thing here . 
  as soon as you settle you start belonging somewhere and then it 's easier for kids to finish school , find jobs and so on . 
  there are some roma in croatia who came long ago and are fully integrated in the society ( i actually did n't even know that until we visited a roma house on a trip and learned ) . 
  roma in bjelovar started integrated kindergarten and croatian parents send their kids there without problems . 
  this kindergarten helps roma kids with elementary school . 
  these are roma who came to croatia in 14 . century . 
  another valuable initiative by roma is `` roma ethno house '' near bjelovar where they work on lavander fields . 
  i was actually in that house and it was pretty cool . 
  we paid for tickets to enter roma house ... and the guide told us about their history .
