  it was real . 
  it had nothing to do with congestion , but oil shortage . 
  when i had pneumonia in 1983-4 my mom had to get a special licence to drive me to the doctor every day . 
  from the article :  if the eu risks losing access to a market of 64 million brits , britain will lose access to a market of 440 million europeans . 
  there is no position for britain here . 
  how will they negotiate ? 
   if the eu risks losing access to a market of 64 million brits , britain will lose access to a market of 440 million europeans . 
  this is the most important point in the article . 
  and this is why brexiters are idiots . 
  there is no way uk has an advantage here . 
  we should loan them some money for that . 
   `` mr putin has pledged to defend ethnic russians wherever they live . '', 
  i heard that one before our war ... milo\u0161evi\u0107 was also protecting serbs wherever they live . 
   mr weber also accused boris johnson of being `` arrogant '' because of his support for turkish eu membership . 
   he said it was `` unbelievable '' for the foreign secretary to go to ankara and speak in support of eu membership after his leading role in the brexit campaign which warned about turkish immigrants coming to the uk . 
  this will certainly help . 
  without brits eu might move to more federal future and it would be a superpower . 
  germany has been trying to get more business to frankfurt for ages and this whole brexit thing is a gift to them . 
  i can see more regulation of financial services forcing even more of it to be inside eu . 
  brits are delusional . 
  four freedoms come together . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  there is no punishment , it 's eu rules and that 's it . 
  brits expecting eu to bend over and allow them to cherry pick which rules they like and which they apply is fucking annoying . 
   if russia takes over europe , the uk is next and how would they do that ? 
  and i was sure we did ... seems i was wrong . 
  three were reported hit , but not shot down . 
  i meant in croatia , sorry if i was n't clear . 
  we shot down every type , but that 's not the point here . 
   you had pretty good guided missiles and did n't use them in our depth . 
  taking out pag bridge was ( imo ) much more important than some artillery piece . 
  sending jastrebs on suicide missions was also stupid , they were shit , i think we can agree on that . 
   nato already had a plan to bomb jna back in 1991 . 
  that 's some quality stuff you are smoking . 
  america ( and that means nato ) supported unity of yugoslavia in 1990 / 91 and it was n't until some countries recognized croatian independence that it started to change ... slowly . 
  us and nato voted for arms embargo and were checking ships in the adriatic and so on ... effectively helping jna / serbian side since we had no weapons in the beginning . 
   anyway , yugoslavian army did try to break out the barracks and to capture border crossings and airfield in co-ordination with additional units coming in from croatia . 
  the first civilian killed by jna was a guy protesting ( throwing rocks and molotovs ) tanks leaving zagreb and going to slovenia . 
  i think he was shot in novi zagreb , outside `` mar\u0161al tito '' barracks . 
   yeah , and jna still had absolute superiority in pretty much everything . 
  still no real plan though . 
  the vast majority of units did n't do shit at any given time . 
  what i find really weird is how poorly was air force used . 
  yes , we did shoot down a lot of it , but still . 
  as you say , no strategic thinking at all . 
  i do n't recall many strikes against our rear . 
  zagreb was bombed maybe 2-3 times in 1991 and one of those attacks was to try to kill tu\u0111man and other was tv relay on sljeme . 
  attacks on pag bridge and some other important sites were half assed using jastrebs that were simply not good enough for such missions . 
  few mavericks from a distance and pooof ... no more connection between the north and the south . 
  there was a single point connecting two parts of croatia and it was n't taken out . 
   yeah , i got used to our artillery dominating the exchanges overwhelming . 
  totally different situation in bosnia , your artillery was relentless . 
  we managed to smuggle some pretty good guns by then . 
  in croatia in 1991 there was simply not enough weapons to counter jna . 
   dumbest war ever . 
  true . 
  all sides ended fucked in the end . 
   and you guys here can sit and talk about it like it was yesterdays afternoon show . 
  the craziest thing is that it was entirely possible that we would meet in 1991 on opposing sides and ended shooting at each other . 
  if they did n't stop at vukovar i would probably end facing them somewhere in western slavonia or around zagreb . 
  we got first armor after the fall of vara\u017edin corps in september , that was one of things that saved us . 
  some other barracks as well , but vara\u017edin was the biggest catch . 
  we went on offensive in western slavonia in late 1991 and had success . 
  that was the first time we turned tables on jna . 
   operationally and strategically you did n't get your shit together until 94 at least . 
  training , training and more training . 
  those guard brigades were pretty good and spearheaded everything . 
   one thing you quickly got going is the production of rockets for mrls . 
  i swear those things were shooting 24/7 in brod , it was unreal . 
  mortars also , they are much simpler and 120mm is no joke . 
  those self propelled 120mm mortars were pretty good idea . 
  vukovar saved us . 
  if you guys just rolled by it and went after whole slavonia we would be fucked . 
  i was in narodna za\u0161tita in zagreb in 1991 and we did n't even have ammo for guns we had . 
  two guys , two guns , two bullets ... and off you go on a patrol . 
  few more : https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/hrvatska_improvizirana_oklopna_vozila, 
   maybe on purpose ? 
  ya , maybe . 
   ~ ~ they are ~ ~ their pronounced the same , ~ ~ they ~ ~ there should be spelled the same . 
  fuck english spelling !, 
  ftfy, 
  if europe really goes to 2 % and dumps nato that 's not in american interest . 
  eu already spends second only to the us with historically low military spending ... unified europe that would stand on its own and would protect its own interests is against american interest . 
  i would support it , off course . 
  it 's specially stupid to me since i am from croatia . 
  we had a war just 20 years ago ffs . 
   america - for better or for worse - has fighting in its dna . 
  you 're not going to trump all that by buying a few more guns . 
  what a load of bullshit ... 
  i lived through five years of war and this is one of the dumbest things i read here . 
  dna ? 
  fuck him . 
  that 's all . 
  he created nothing . 
  if all eu countries go to 2 % , why the fuck would they need nato anyway ? 
  eu is already spending 3 times more money on defence than russia and this really happens it would be 5 to 1 probably with advantages in technology and industrial capacity . 
  let 's go to 2 % and let 's tell trump to fuck off . 
  at that spending europe does n't need americans . 
  this is too optimistic , there is no evidence trump listens to anyone on anything . 
  it 's comparable .
