  i do n't give a fuck about kosovo , we never did . 
  on the other hand , we do give a fuck what 's on our border and i would rather support kosovo in serbia than independent rs . 
  i think you guys made some shitty calculations back in the 1990 's and screwed yourself together with the rest of us . 
  yugoslavia was dead and there was a chance to break up in peace ... insisting that all serbs live in the same country was madness if you knew that serbs would n't even be majority in that country unless you ethnically cleanse it . 
  and neither us nor bosnians liked that idea , so the war started . 
  in the end ... there is no greater serbia and now you 'll lose kosovo ... kinda like poetic justice and that 's how most people here look at it . 
  we could n't care less for albanians , we would n't even mind to send a few back to kosovo , but there is shadenfreude here . 
  there . 
  that 's why we support eu/us here ... `` oh , you wanted to carve out over half of croatia ? 
  now you are losing kosovo ? 
  nanananana ... serves you right '' . 
  yes , it 's juvenile , but that 's the mood here . 
  to be honest , it probably would . 
  yes , the way it 's designed makes it country inside a country , but i do n't think it would be smart to allow its independence . 
  the borders are ridiculous . 
  if rs becomes independent it would probably cause trouble in federation as well ... we are keeping croats there from dreaming about third entity , but independent rs might cause them to reconsider and try to secede on their own ... which would open the gates of hell . 
  personally , i do n't like idea of independent rs simply because i feel it would reward ethnic cleansing that happened there . 
  as i said , they do n't want serbs winning in bosnia and independent rs would be a victory . 
  in croatia , there are much less weapons than you would expect . 
  a lot of illegal weapons were returned and there is very low number of legal weapons out there because you ca n't get a permit easily . 
  we are not that armed . 
  it was a chaos right after the war , you could get rocket launcher for a price of a pizza , but it 's been dealt with and we are not that armed anymore . 
  i made a post on this subject . 
  imo , the west will never allow rs to secede because that would mean serbia `` won '' in these wars and it could screw a lot of things in bosnia and they do n't want it . 
  just as they wo n't allow `` third entity '' for croats which some right wingers here demand . 
  they want integrated bosnia and i think they are realizing they fucked themselves with broad autonomy rs was given in dayton . 
  if you ask me , americans are prolly cursing the day they stopped us just 20km from banja luka and when they forced us to withdraw from some parts of bosnia to get 49 % of territory for rs . 
  you tried , we kicked your ass . 
  : ppp i am not worrying . 
   ) ) ) how is rs your territory ? 
  no , seriously ... how ? 
  you wo n't see support in croatia for annexing parts of bosnia . 
  we do n't even think croats there should secede and we certainly do n't want to control that . 
  tu\u0111man was a fucking idiot with his stupid policies over bosnia . 
   why does rs have to stay as part of bosnia rather than become an separate country but kosovo does n't have to stay part of serbia ? 
  because americans saved their asses in 1995 . 
  that 's why . 
  nothing else . 
  without americans stopping our troops we would enter banja luka , we were 20 km from it and serbs were already packing and rushing to the east . 
  just as americans helped with oluja they also wanted to keep rs alive . 
  if they allowed it , whole western part of rs would be liberated and there would be no rs ... so , that 's the historical reason . 
  but real reason is because they would join serbia and serbia would get new territories , thus `` winning '' the war and they do n't want that either . 
  while they did n't want maybe half a million serb refugees , they also do n't want serbs `` winning '' anything . 
  why ? 
  maybe because it was serb volunteers who were going into croatia and bosnia and not the other way around . 
  it 's fucking simple ... west fucked us and put embargo on arms , because they did n't want yugoslavia to break and they actually greenlit jna attempt to get to the borders in slovenia . 
  when that failed jna ( which was dominated by serb officers ) started to think that koprivnica - karlovac - karlobag is very interesting line worth defending / attacking . 
  any sort of resemblance with borders of `` greater serbia '' at this point was purely coincidence  ) ) ) ), 
  lol ... not really , it 's a interesting argument because you support , as you say , self-determination for serbs in croatia and bosnia , while denying same self-determination for albanians in kosovo . 
  so ... which one is it ? 
  how the fuck serbs have right to secede from anywhere they like while no one else has right to secede from serbia ? 
  why should serbia have any control over other territories ? 
  why ? 
  we have been trying for your to get to as many guns as possible and getting a permit is pretty hard . 
  are we supposed to be some sort of savage balkan warriors ? 
  lol . 
  sure , because serbian economy is much stronger than eu or us . 
  maybe rs should stop whining and start working inside bosnia and things would move in right direction ? 
  or you guys still dream of greater serbia with rs joining serbia ? 
  i think main reason serbs ca n't expect to get anything in northern kosovo is the way they act in bosnia and constantly provoking . 
  i am not familiar with kosovo internal politics , but this is the main reason if you ask me . 
  just asking . 
  why would you be armed to the teeth then ? 
   hold on , kosovo is part of serbia and will always be.more than 80 % of people here agree on that that might be the problem , a lot of your population agrees that certain parts of former yugoslavia are part of serbia while population of those parts have different ideas . 
  this guy fought in the war outside borders of serbia because you guys thought that 's also serbia . 
  maybe , just maybe ... if you could stop thinking that everything is serbia ? 
   but this guy did n't kill them , our politicians and tycoons in the past 20 + years did.they killed most of serbia . 
  and yet , they still want to hold kosovo and what not ... we have our share of idiots as well , all sides have them and it will take some time until we get rid of that stupidity . 
  someone attacked serbia ? 
   i could go on and on , but to put it blunt . 
  if there ever was an indicator that state building missions by foreign missions do n't work , it is kosovo . 
  nah , you have bosnia as well . 
  they fucked up there even worse than in kosovo . 
  first they stopped us when we were about to enter banja luka , then forced us to retreat from parts of rs and then made that stupid two countries in a country of three people bullshit that is heading nowhere . 
  in kosovo they learned from their fucking big mistakes in bosnia and did n't allow for separate entity in the north . 
  bosnian did n't even exist prior to war as a subset of croato-serbian/serbo-croatian . 
  there was never a bosnian language . 
  and to complicate things even further , the standrad that was used for croato-serbian/serbo-croatian is spoken in bosnia , not croatia or serbia . 
   if tito hadnt failed with turning serbs , croatians , etc into yugoslavs , we wouldnt have had a war . 
  it would have been impossible to fight a war when everybody is a yugoslav , the war was only possible because everybody exactly knew how to identify whom to kill . 
  `` look , the guy over there is wearing a \u0160ajka\u010da !, 
  - then he cant be one of us , you can safely kill him ! '', 
  generation that actually fought in ww2 was still alive when the shit started . 
  you ca n't make such a big change in just one or two generations . 
  i actually better understand serbian from belgrade than croatian from split . 
  and do n't even start me about me\u0111imurci . 
  there are bilingual signs in other parts of croatia . 
  nobody is freaking over italian in istria . 
  karamarko ( leader of the opposition ) is lousiest politician ever . 
  he is managing to lose support while government does some very unpopular moves . 
  his ideas are limited to drumming into nationalistic drums and that 's it . 
  veteran organisations support him because they got a lot of benefits from previous government . 
  thnx for correction . 
  well ... far right is n't really popular and they were never part of the government . 
  the thing here is ... last government , nationalistic one actually made this law and was in a coalition with serb party . 
  this whole charade is fucking stupid because there is legal obligation to put bilingual signs if a minority has over 1/3 of population in an area . 
  there are bilingual signs in istria ( italian ) and slavonia ( russian , hungarian and so on ) ... but this is vukovar and language is serbian and you have these idiots protesting . 
  the same party they voted for actually made this law ... and by proxy it was them who made this happen , but this kind of thinking is beyond their mental capacity . 
  because nationalism ? 
  yes , it 's retarded , but i pretty well know how these idiots think and there is n't much you can do here ... also , there are other factors behind all this , these morons are just tools against current government .
