  i just ca n't see how is that better in any way . 
  that 's all . 
  people here like to blame imf , eu and so on , but what will happen if you leave ez and euro ? 
  i have a feeling that tsipras has no plan b and he is thinking he will get more from eu if he does crazy shit like this . 
  reforms are needed , just as they are needed in my own country since we are currently doing what you guys did before you went downhill . 
  we are taking tons of loans to support budget our economy ca n't support . 
  our gdp went -15 % while budget grew some 15 % . 
  deficits are through the roof and only thing currently in our favor are low interest rates . 
  if they go up , we are fucked ... greek style . 
   but neither more austerity . 
  and what will happen when you introduce drachma ? 
  what do you think happens ? 
  i am really curious ... how will your economy pay for your budget ? 
   i simply ca n't understand that no one in croatia wants to balance the budget and stop living on loans . 
  kuna wo n't change one simple fact - croatian economy ca n't sustain croatian budget . 
  we are close to greek scenario ... have you seen our deficit ? 
  how many loans are we taking ? 
  only reason we are currently surviving are historically low interest rates on new loans . 
  why is government trying to sell highways ? 
  the loans hac took are awful . 
  our gdp went downhill , while our budget grew ... supported by loans . 
  we are also fucked . 
  and drachma will change this ? 
  how ? 
  have you seen hyperinflation ? 
  you will have to use euro anyway because your drachma will lose half its value by the end of month , week or even day depending how bad it is . 
  first thing everyone did when they got their salary was to buy deutch mark back in yugoslavia . 
  wan na buy car ? 
  dm wan na buy milk ? 
  sell 10 dm , go to store . 
  one of reasons our currency is basically pegged to euro is because people had more money in dm in banks than in kuna . 
  we still save in euros mostly and everyone automatically calculates kuna to euro when buying anything of value . 
  when was hyperinflation ? 
  in yugoslavia ... in 1980 's . 
  same here . 
  i have lived in yugoslavia , remember inflation after tito died and how there was nothing in stores . 
  then came hyperinflation in late 1980 's and then war . 
  croatian economy is on 1990 gdp levels . 
  25 lost years . 
  i simply ca n't understand that no one in greece wants to balance the budget and stop living on loans . 
  drachma wo n't change one simple fact - greek economy ca n't sustain greek budget . 
  no will only mean much worse conditions for greek people . 
  i ca n't understand people here cheering for no ... `` stick it to the banks '' ... easy to say that from uk , france or germany . 
  armchair revolutionaries . 
  greek people will have to eat shit one way or another . 
  one way they have support from eu , the richest group of nations in the world and the other way they are alone . 
   and the banks that were exposed should have cut their losses . 
  eu wide bank run ? 
  i think it 's better to socialize these loses than to risk eu wide sinking of banks and mass panic . 
   when i was there locals told me that they do n't pay tolls on bridges and they get cheaper ferry tickets . 
  that 's very different from special tax rates . 
  the problem with many different rates is that there is more chance they will be abused and they complicate the system . 
  and abuse of tax system ... or not paying at all ... is one of bigger problems in greece . 
  our government introduced electronic system where every bill is directly reported to our tax authority and it did cut on avoidance . 
  inspectors were closing shops during tourist season for things like less than 1 euro difference between reported revenue and what they found on the premises . 
  there was a lot whining ( i think that 's a bit over zealous ) , but people accepted it in the end . 
  every cash transaction is now reported ... just this week porezna uprava ( tax authority ) closed a bar in the building where 4 ministries are located because the system sent a warning that they are under reporting their revenue because they reported just a few bills per day ... yes , if the system thinks you are not issuing bills it sends inspectors and your establishment is closed and you are fined . 
   even in spain the taxes are the same on islands and the mainland . 
  same in croatia as well and we have a lot of islands . 
  and vat is 25 % . 
  we even cancelled lower rate for tourism that was 10 % . 
  we had lower rate for tourism and it was removed and it 's 25 % now , one of highest vat rates in eu . 
  we also have a lot of islands and there are no special vat rates for islands . 
  edit : : seems i was wrong . 
  it was changed , but not to 25 % as the rest , there is still special case for tourism , just not 10 % as it was before . 
   the greek government acted as the middle man taking the loans from the eu and imf , and paying with them private banks , with the greek people not seeing a penny . 
  in essence what happened was that the greek people were indebted with a huge burden , for money they never saw . 
  that 's not how budget deficits works . 
   ignoring the fact that the country had been running a surplus and that most of the money that we are `` giving them '' is just coming back in the form of debts and interests . 
  maybe there is some surplus ** now ** , but that does n't change the fact that greek gdp had to take a nose dive to get to this point and that greek gdp was inflated with loans . 
  greek economy was / is too weak for the level of spending greek governments want . 
  it 's simple math . 
   if the croatian government suddenly announced tomorrow a massive and previously unforeseen budget deficit , would it be fair to hold you and your people responsible ? 
  they announced that a few times and yes , morons who voted for crooks and thieves are fucking guilty for it . 
  every damn idiot who voted for that government is guilty for the shit we are in . 
   climate change , natural disasters , uncontrolled immigration , foreign invasion , terrorism , an aging and shrinking population . 
  take your pick , these are all happening in europe today . 
  poor europe . 
  only 550 million people living in the first world conditions and it will be gone tomorrow . 
  i have lived through 5 years of war and let me tell you something ... 
  i am not afraid of any of those . 
  i live in a country that is not doing as well as others in the eu and yet i am positive about future and enjoying life . 
  i 'll rather plan going on holidays with my kids than be afraid of `` durr , hurr , terrorists '' like americans . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
   the greek people have suffered at the hands of the imf , the eu imposed austerity , and their own duplicitous governments . 
  greece inflated its gdp with cheap loans . 
  greece ca n't pay loans , gdp takes a dive . 
  how the fuck is anyone guilty but greece ? 
   if europe ca n't even sort out its money troubles , how the fuck is it supposed to defend itself from greater threats ? 
  lol . 
  americans , seeing threats everywhere . 
   dude that is called blackmail and disrespect to the democracy of greece . 
  lol . 
  goodbye greek banks . 
  it was fun while it lasted . 
   as it is not known how hard will greek economy fall in case of greece going back to national currency much harder than any deal with troika . 
   souless , inhuman machines in the monetary system had absolutely no respect for the greek people . 
  lol . 
  same greek people who voted for governments that took loans and now want those loans to disappear ? 
  eu citizens took on themselves some 300 billion euros of shitty loans and somehow eu is a bad guy here ?
