  you already draw the nazi card in half of your comments ... 
   and if that day ever comes you can pay us back in full as it is custom among honorable businessmen . 
   what the fuck am i reading . 
  thats greeces problem in a nutshell . 
  i politely suggest that at some point you guys can pay us back the money we loaned you , like every normal person would reasonably expect to happen , and your answer is basically `` lol wtf is the kraut on about . 
  paying back loans ? 
  haha . '', 
  with that attitude greece will never become a true first world nation . 
  immediate debt relief for greece would have given an already corrupt state zero incentive to solve its issues . 
  the party would have continued as long as the troika would have granted unconditional free money to greece and we wo n't agree to a full debt cut because some tiny piece of hope remains inside us that at some point the greek society will get its shit together and start to behave like a proper first world country in regards to corruption , tax paying morals etc. 
  and if that day ever comes you can pay us back in full as it is custom among honorable businessmen . 
  urban priol knows shit all about economics , there is a reason why he makes jokes on tv instead of running the economic ministry of a nation, 
   greece never expended more than 45 % of gdp , less than germany . 
  anyone who was alive during the last five years should have realized that economic data coming from greece is not to be trusted . 
  todays european governments would surely not repeat the mistake of letting greece into the ez without having an independent , trustworthy auditor have a very close look at their books . 
  and we gave greece lots of time to collect taxes , they seem more than unwilling to do so . 
  which is understandable from their point of view , because it 's much preferable for them to try and extort tax paying citizens of other eu countries first . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/greece-struggles-to-get-citizens-to-pay-their-taxes-1424867495 :  at the end of 2014 , greeks owed their government about $ 76 billion ( $ 86 billion ) in unpaid taxes accrued over decades , though mostly since 2009 . 
  the government says most of that has been lost to insolvency and only $ 9 billion can be recovered . 
  instantly claiming that 90 % of the taxes the greek tax payers owe the greek state ca n't be collected and instead having the nerve to come begging to the other ez states makes my blood boil . 
  that 's thievery , there is no other word for it . 
  if you do n't know how to read properly i ca n't help you see the facts . 
  maybe i should make some youtube videos with the help of hand puppets and crayons so you can comprehend the issue more easily . 
  the conditions are entirely reasonable , and as long as one can reasonably assume that the money will never be paid back in full then some of it was indeed free for greece . 
  what do you expect from germany ? 
  that we finance you guys a comparable welfare state to our own while your state is n't even able and willing to properly collect taxes from its own citizens ? 
  if you took a loan and do n't ever pay it back in full you made some profit . 
  a 5 year old can understand this simple truth . 
  if you do n't like the conditions under which the eurozone is willing to borrow you money you can feel free to default and exit the ez at any time . 
  just please do n't bitch and cry when you have to endure a decade or two of economic hell straight after . 
  always printing money to solve financial problems is what 's gotten greece into this mess in the first place . 
  do you get a euro for every time you post the same video ? 
  if so you could probably bail out greece on your own by now . 
  if you receive shitloads of bailout money so you can pay for your own countries stupid fiscal policies and generous social state and you then wo n't be able to pay back the giving countries in full then you have indeed received free money . 
  i provided the document that greece acknowledged . 
  the document itself states that all reparation claims are now done for . 
  greece acknowledged it and did n't try to fight it when it was time to make a last claim to reparations ( in 1990 ) . 
  now 25 years later ( !! ), 
  they suddenly try to reopen the whole case to blackmail germany into financing that whole corrupt shithole till kingdom come so the fine people of greece can keep evading taxes . 
  if you think thats fair toward the german taxpayers you are mentally retarded . 
  seeing as greece will never pay back all of the money they 've received within our lifetimes we might as well call some of it free money . 
  you should check your current credit rating . 
  no one but your european neighbours and the imf is willing to grant you decent interest rates at this point , and there is good reason for that . 
  mainly the way greece tries to weasel out of its own monetary obligations . 
  the third reich was not my country , the federal republic of germany ( in which i was born ) is . 
  nobody is blaming italy for the roman invasion of germania , because modern day italy is simply a different nation founded on parts of the same territory . 
  the time to lay claims to ww2 reparations has long passed . 
  1990 , when the 2 +4 treaty was signed , was the last moment were greece could have made any claims , and they did n't . 
  time makes a big difference here . 
  no one in this thread was even born when the second world war took place . 
  everyone in this thread was alive when recent greek governments ( and thus by extension the greek people ) were wasting funds , cheated their way into the eurozone and refused to properly collect taxes from their own people . 
  if my pov is wrong then i shall proceed to immediately sue italy for the roman invasion of germania 2000 years ago . 
  you do n't seem to understand the things you are posting, 
  good luck with trying to get similar low credit rates from other sources . 
  citation needed, 
  again disproving the stupid french surrender cliches . 
  good job guys :-), 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2012/09/12/does-germany-really-owe-greece-a-etrillion-in-war-reparations-probably-not-no/  however , i can not see that there is any legal case to be brought . 
  the war reparations seem to have been covered by various treaties over the decades . 
  the forced loan , well , as above , if it was stolen then it is n't repayable in law and if it was a commercial loan then given the no interest clause then it 's near irrelevant . 
  in any case , the second greece tries to extort germany like this the german government will stop aiding greece in any way , shape or form . 
  it would be political suicide for any german politician to keep supporting greece after such an attempt to blackmail us . 
  greece shots itself in the foot by trying to go through with this . 
  to us this looks like the last suicidal outlashing of an utterly failed state and especially government . 
  as i wrote in this thread already : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/are-greek-world-war-ii-reparations-demands-unfair-a-1023474.html `` spiegel : greek prime minister alexis tsipras has complained that the germans are being silent and tricky ... schorkopf : ... but he is twisting the context . 
  at the very latest , greece was required to register claims for reparations at the end of the so-called two-plus-four treaty negotiations in 1990 . 
  in any case , the greeks did not do so in time . 
  there are good reasons to interpret this silence as acceptance , as a relinquishment of reparations . 
  yet the more important thought is that there is an obvious reason for the silence . 
  spiegel : which is ? 
  schorkopf : in the past decades , germany has provided enormous transfer payments , to greece as well -- not as reparations , but as a part of european integration . 
  we are talking about a figure in the high double-digit billions , a sum that easily reached the level of possible reparations payments . 
  greece could always count on support . 
  when the country was accepted as a member of the european community in 1981 , it was a tottering candidate . 
  in in 2001 , when greece was admitted into the economic and currency union , people did n't look very closely when the greeks falsified their accounts . '', 
  greece is the one that needs to pay debts . 
  must be nice trying to run an economy via extortion and blackmail because the own electorate refuses to pay taxes . 
  tell me please , does syriza have a plan that actually goes beyond `` let 's try and blackmail germany '' ? 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/are-greek-world-war-ii-reparations-demands-unfair-a-1023474.html spiegel : greek prime minister alexis tsipras has complained that the germans are being silent and tricky ... schorkopf : ... but he is twisting the context . 
  at the very latest , greece was required to register claims for reparations at the end of the so-called two-plus-four treaty negotiations in 1990 . 
  in any case , the greeks did not do so in time . 
  there are good reasons to interpret this silence as acceptance , as a relinquishment of reparations . 
  yet the more important thought is that there is an obvious reason for the silence . 
  spiegel : which is ? 
  schorkopf : in the past decades , germany has provided enormous transfer payments , to greece as well -- not as reparations , but as a part of european integration . 
  we are talking about a figure in the high double-digit billions , a sum that easily reached the level of possible reparations payments . 
  greece could always count on support . 
  when the country was accepted as a member of the european community in 1981 , it was a tottering candidate . 
  in in 2001 , when greece was admitted into the economic and currency union , people did n't look very closely when the greeks falsified their accounts . , 
  greece acknowlegged and thus accepted the 2 +4 agreement [ ( link to the document ) ] ( http://usa.usembassy.de/etexts/2plusfour8994e.htm ) and thus signed away all claims to further reparations . 
  time to shut up , not cough up ;-) edit : for all the people downvoting me : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/are-greek-world-war-ii-reparations-demands-unfair-a-1023474.html spiegel : greek prime minister alexis tsipras has complained that the germans are being silent and tricky ... schorkopf : ... but he is twisting the context . 
  at the very latest , greece was required to register claims for reparations at the end of the so-called two-plus-four treaty negotiations in 1990 . 
  in any case , the greeks did not do so in time . 
  there are good reasons to interpret this silence as acceptance , as a relinquishment of reparations . 
  yet the more important thought is that there is an obvious reason for the silence . 
  spiegel : which is ? 
  schorkopf : in the past decades , germany has provided enormous transfer payments , to greece as well -- not as reparations , but as a part of european integration . 
  we are talking about a figure in the high double-digit billions , a sum that easily reached the level of possible reparations payments . 
  greece could always count on support . 
  when the country was accepted as a member of the european community in 1981 , it was a tottering candidate .
