  no matter how you twist it , greece borrowed money , did n't spent it wisely and now threatens not to pay it back , effectively blackmailing othet nations into paying for their own economic mistakes . 
  where i am from thus is a criminal act called fraud . 
  and over here in germany we tend to save money by spending less instead of printing more . 
  it 's called fiscal responsibility , you should check it out someday . 
  for money that does n't exist it sure paid for a lot of things in greece . 
  you also seem to lack even the most basic understanding of how money and loans work . 
  are you insane ? 
  that money existed . 
  greece borrowed it , wasted it and now refuses to pay it back . 
  that money was in greek hands , they just did n't have the foresight to spend it on anything useful and now they want everyone else to pay the bill for them . 
  are you honestly suggesting that the mess greece is in was n't caused by decades of irresponsible greek financial policies and a culture of tax evasion ? 
  they also have widely different tax paying morals, 
  these conditions worked for ireland and portugal , only greece was unwilling to see it through to the end and aborted halfway just as the light at the end of the tunnel started to appear . 
  if we let greece get away with their unsustainable fiscal policies it will be a slap to the face of every country that followed austerity . 
  and it 'll be an invitation for other countries to do the same . 
  what do you expect to happen during the next elections in spain and portugal if syriza gets away with their bullshit ? 
  you do n't need to follow any of our `` orders '' , you can say no . 
  but it should be obvious that we do n't just throw money at countries forever if those countries refuse to agree to our conditions . 
  greece is already threatening the eurozone by telling everyone that they wo n't pay back their loans if they do n't receive even more money first . 
  we would have to be batshit insane to simply sent more money to such a country without attaching conditions to it . 
  great negotiation strategy your government has come up with btw , let 's threaten and piss off everyone else , that 'll surely get them to transfer more money immediately . 
  letting greece decide how the union handles this would be like handing over control of an ocean liner to the dude that just got rescued from the sea after he managed to crash his little sailboat in shallow waters . 
  we are pumping hundreds of billions into your country , excuse us for having the nerve to want to have a say in how you guys use that money . 
  we 've seen how you handled the last few hundred billion you borrowed . 
  we are talking about a country that lied and cheated to get into the euro in the first place , there is no reason whatsoever to suddenly start trusting them in financial matters . 
  that 's already the case . 
  even if greece manages to recover they 'll never be able to pay it back within our lifetime . 
  thus the smartest move for the rest of europe is stopping to throw even more money at that black hole . 
  not throwing good money after bad ( already lost ) money is what we call that principle in germany . 
  fortunately for everyone those 10 million greeks will never have the capability to overrun all of europe with their armed forces , which makes this a rather moot point . 
  pigeons and smoke signals , what else would you be using ? 
  who the fuck coordinates terrorist activities with a messenger program owned by bloody facebook ? 
  more because we have n't invaded any of neighbours lately . 
  we solve our neighbourhood conflicts without armies nowadays and have learned to live in peace with former mortal enemies . 
  if germany can have peaceful and friendly relations to poland and france then why ca n't russia live peacefully amongst it 's neighbours ? 
  got ta deflect the debate to other topics already ? 
  and at least my country is n't trying to suck off vladimir putin for some spare change . 
  and we sold guns to the middle east long before the world cup , it 's called having a strong export industry . 
  if it walks like a duck and talks like a duck ... 
  i actually provided reasons and proof that they are communists, 
  thanks for the input , did n't know any of this :-), 
  then that government would not be in power , or you guys have a shitty grasp on the concept of democracy . 
  also , germans who did n't vote for hitler still had to suffer the consequences of ww2 , the same principle applies here . 
  deutsche bank sure has less means to check out greeks finances than the german government . 
  and the greeks managed to fool our federal government . 
  also , please stop trying to divert the blame away from the people who took that money and wasted it , it 's a ridiculous line of reasoning , especially coming from someone whos account is two weeks old . 
  but that money we are loaning out is missing from our own funds until you pay it back . 
  if i have 5000 euros a month to feed my family and my neighbor comes and borrows 2000 of it i have less for my own family until he pays me back . 
  and if that neighbor is unwilling or/and unable to pay back that money it was indeed a payment , not a loan . 
  or do you honestly believe that greece will pay ist loans back in full within our lifetime ? 
  ah you are a racist as well as a user of short-lived troll accounts , good to know :-) and btw , if i vote for a government and then that government does stupid shit i am at least partly responsible for my governments actions . 
  what is your real account name ? 
  i hate debating with trolls who just made an account a few days ago and use it exclusively to comment on euro crisis matters . 
  ah that explains all the vietnamese street markets right at the border . 
  i always just assumed that czechoslovakia simply had similar guest worker programs like the gdr and that all the vietnamese were remnants of these programs . 
   what price does germany pay for this benefit ? 
  nothing . 
  the price we are paying for this benefit now is having to deal with your shit down in greece . 
  do you really believe that the money we made/saved by having an undervalued currency equals or surpasses the amount of money we are wasting on the stabilization of the piigs ? 
  we did fine before the euro and we 'll do fine if the euro ever ends as a project , but greece is doomed for decades if they follow syriza much longer . 
  exactly , i 'd fear the wrath of our government even for slight cases of tax evasion , but an entire country doing it is just insane . 
  uli hoene\u00df proved that point rather well , even the most influential and powerful people in germany will end up in jail if they try to evade taxes . 
  please indulge us what you believe about this issue instead of making ominous empty comments . 
  you seem like the only dimwitted person around here . 
  greece cheated their way into the eurozone by cooking their books . 
  if they managed to cheat all the other eurozone members like that how can you expect the banks to know better than the northern governments ? 
  deutsche bank managers probably thought `` if they are good and healthy enough for the eurozone they sure are good enough for our loans . '', 
  the way people like you try to shift away the blame from the guilty party ( the greek government and its electorate ) is both childish and disgusting . 
  greece was on its way to turn around this mess last year , then syriza came and fucked it all up . 
  the austerity measures where starting to show the desired effect , same as it did in ireland and portugal , but unlike those two nations greece neither had the balls nor the foresight and wisdom to see this through to the end . 
  so yes , syriza fucked them and turned them around when there was already light at the end of the tunnel . 
  indeed , thats one of the most bizarre parts in all of this mess :-) . 
  it shows a lack of respect and responsibility for their own nation that is mindboogling . 
  ah godwins law struck quick in this thread , always a sure sign that someone has no proper arguments to bring to the debate :-) and only someone really uninformed would call a party that contains `` marxist -- leninist , maoist , trotskyist , eurocommunist , luxemburgist '' elements as something other than communist . 
  read up on mao , rosa luxemburg , trotsky , marx and lenin , then tell me straight to my face that this is n't a communist party . 
  also , abusing the term nazi for a simple economic debate like this one shows a lack of respect for the holocaust on your part that is an insult to every decent human being . 
  ok , bw also has no red numbers anywhere on that table , but they are the only two states never to receive any extra money from the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich according to your source . 
  also , those berlin numbers are insane lol . 
  i wonder how everyone imagines this to happen ... angela merkel announcing on a monday morning that the workers at bmw and mercedes and volkswagen should stop producing cars for a while because the other countries around us need more of our products than we need of theirs , yeah right ... 
  the answer to this is not germany producing and exporting less but everyone else to rise to the occasion and produce and export more and higher quality goods instead of trying to run a first world economy on tourism and olive oil . 
  and we do n't care as much about italy and france bending the rules because they are n't begging us for our money to survive . 
  italy is a net contributor to your little hundreds-of-billions bailout fund , as long as they can do that we do n't care how they run their economy . 
  it becomes a problem as soon as a nation has to ask for other nations help to fix their issues . 
  same with germany breaking the deficit rules at the beginning of the century . 
  nobody gave a shit because germany was n't living on other peoples bailout money at the time , it solved its own mess , enacted tough reforms ( under gerhard schr\u00f6der , look up the hartz reforms to get an idea what greece should do now to get out of this mess ) and never had to beg anyone else for money . 
  and concerning your last part , if you consider germany a very weak nation i 'd be interested to learn what word you 'd use to describe greece . 
  i agree to that , but greece will have a revolution on their hands if they tried that . 
  i did n't claim that this situation existed since the dawn of time , but right now you have to agree that 13 out of 16 german states leech money of the bavarian budget . 
  i am from frankfurt , hessen btw , the only state that has always been a net contributor to the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich . 
  so no matter if we are talking about germany or europe , all you bitches are after our money :-) . 
  the thing is that the number one condition for a german entry to the eurozone , as promised to the german voters for decades , was that we never ever have to pay for the economic sins of the weaker member countries . 
  every german politician who tries to steer away from this mantra will get crucified at the next election , and they all know it . 
  and we have extremely well founded reasons to be highly skeptical of solving debt issues by printing more money . 
  germany will never agree to the southern european style of problem solving by just printing more bills . 
  hyperinflation strikes the fear of god into every german . 
  if greece ( and the other southern members of the eurozone ) ca n't deal with that they should n't have entered a monetary union with germany . 
  germanys one big mistake was not looking harder for fraud when greece presented their cooked books to the other eurozone countries to gain entry to the club . 
  we should have been much more skeptical . 
  and that 's a greek problem that greeks need to solve , not germans . 
  you should read up on the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich , bavaria is one of only three net contributors to german state funds , everyone else is paying in less than they receive out , thus leeching money from hesse , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and bavaria .
