  i am always glad to be of service :-), 
  well if they were born in romania and have romanian passports they are ... romanians . 
  does n't matter which part or social group of the country they are from . 
  if they are gypsies from bulgaria they obviously wo n't be called romanians but bulgarians and so on . 
  we do n't name the ethnic group in the news , only the nationality . 
  i know , but they do n't use the term zigeuner , ( aka gypsies for the english folk around here ) they just call them romanians on the news , maybe roma once in a while . 
  fun fact : the german police uses the slang term mem for zigeuner , short for mobile ethnic minority ( mobile ethnische minderheit ), 
  1 . from http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/18/us-italy-vote-idusbre91h0f920130218 :  under italian electoral law , the coalition or party that wins the biggest share of the vote gains an automatic majority of some 54 percent in the lower house . 
  thats whats wrong . 
  even if you win with a single vote more than everyone else you can take the entire lower house of parliament and use that majority to fuck with the decision-making progress of the government . 
  it 's like the republicans blocking obama through their senate majority . 
  2 . italy is notorious for ever-changing coalitions and parties . 
  i am from germany and we have a hard time finding stable coalitions among our 6 major parties . 
  italy routinely has dozens of parties with a few politicians each in parliament , many of those are splinter-parties that formed after the ( often happening ) breakups of larger parties . 
  it 's madness . 
  3 . good question , i personally think its ridiculous to keep voting until the result pleases the winners and leads to stable coalitions 4 . grillo wo n't form a coalition with anyone , he 's more or less a frustration vent for the anti-euro crowd of italy that 's not gon na vote for berlusconi . 
  and the other parties do n't seem to keen to join forces either . 
  bersani and berlusconi would n't form a coalition if you forced them at gunpoint, 
  we had loads of cases of romanian burglar gangs in my area of germany in recent years . 
  i do n't wan na sound racist , but romanians almost exclusively appear in german news in criminal contexts . 
  it 's never `` romanian xyz invented this useful thing or saved this guy or founded a company and created so many jobs '' , it 's usually about burglaries and pickpocketing and abusing the german welfare system . 
  note that this is not a stereotype generally applied to eastern europe . 
  czechs and poles are regarded as hardworking , honest people , estonia and lithuania impress us with their economic growth and handling of the euro crisis etc , but all we hear about romania is negative shit . 
  edit : disclaimer : this ai n't my private opinion , i only know one girl from romania personally and she 's a nice girl . 
  but op asked why romania has such a bad image and i replied with the reason that it 's because almost all we ever hear about romanians on the news is about the crimes they commit . 
  do n't shoot the messenger . 
  well the italians extort money from their own countrymen who run businesses like restaurants and also deal lots of drugs , are involved in prostitution rings etc , but they rarely steal directly from the common man or try to sabotage an atm to steal money . 
  it 's often more mumbled than spoken , especially by older men , like they just speak through their teeth without opening their mouth , that 's what i think makes it hard to understand for me . 
  and i did take an incredible risk for a german citizen and actually left my rain jacket back home for the trip , i did bring some completely sealing sunglasses ( as in no space between the glasses and my face ) because i was warned about the sandy wind , the sun hat i brought was also a little bit of overkill :-) . 
  and on a sidenote i bought my favourite pair of leather boots in texas, 
  i 've been there and apart from new zealandish it 's the one accent of the english language i can not understand whatsoever :-) pretty cool place though , i went to houston and austin and loved it, 
  so ... greece ? 
  ( sorry everyone , could n't resist ), 
  english weather is n't so bad though , it 's just very rainy , at least the southern part rarely gets any snow and below zero temperatures because of the gulf stream . 
  where are you from originally ? 
  the sauerkraut is the secret growing up in a country with shitty weather like germany helps with the clothing part too , it 's -5 celsius outside right now :-), 
  we truly believe in the benefits of technology and tools around here , and cold feet are seen as a nuisance than can be easily countered by those technological advancements like shoes . 
  the article is perfectly spot on about our affection for shoes ( especially the hiking shoes part ) and all-weather gear and jackets :-) . 
  i myself only run around barefoot when i am at a beach or lake and in my bathroom and bed i helped organize language holidays for school kids during my college years and in that function often had to pick up lots of kids from different ( mostly ) european countries at heathrow airport for years . 
  i made my own little field studies there . 
  the thing that really stood out to me was how easy one could tell the nationality of a person by their clothing . 
  if i had to pick up a spanish guy i always looked for the most inappropiate-for-the-weather-but-looking-cool dressed person coming through the gate . 
  the spanish guys would come to london in november in shorts and a pullover . 
  the german guys would come through the gate dressed like they were about to leave the base camp of mount everest for their summit bid . 
  the german is always the least fashionable/cool dressed person but at the same time the guy who is prepared for every kind of weather possible . 
  if the sun came out he 'd just remove the lower half of his trousers , and if the weather turned bad he 'd have a second inner layer for his jacket that he would put in . 
  do you speak german fluently ? 
  because most people i know that complain about german humor do n't know the language well enough to actually get our jokes and sarcasm ;-), 
  are you from nordhessen or the rhein-main area ? 
  because i am from frankfurt and rippchen mit kraut is on my menu several times a month :-) , i also thoroughly enjoy weisskraut and rotkraut, 
  we are also the only people who wear socks in sandals , we just do n't trust bare feet :-), 
  east germans ( berlin excluded , they are made fun of for different reasons ) and bavarians :-), 
  i do n't see the problem here . 
  as long as we do n't use them to conduct missions in countries we are not at war with this is simply a way to keep our own pilots out of harms way . 
  i only wonder how de maiziere is gon na pay for his new toys after his budget is about to be cut by another 6 billion . 
  i hope they find an architect capable of designing a 100 mile high skyscraper then , gon na be hard to fit all those brits on a few square miles :-), 
  oh look , 2 posts and -3 karma, 
  redditor for 1 hour , at least make an attempt to disguise posting through multiple accounts, 
  well you could move to a place where the weather is way too hot and then complain about the unbearable heat . 
  cameron is digging his own grave , and one for your entire nation with it , and all you scream about is `` zomg german tyranny '' . 
  you seem to be immune to facts and reality , this is pointless , have a good day . 
  you should take a good look at how france , germany , benelux , italy etc. 
  make policy . 
  we sit together , talk , then find a compromise everyone can live with and put it into action . 
  somehow all these countries feel neither bullied nor suppressed by germany and france . 
  it 's only britain that wants special treatment on every issue . 
  if acting by the same set of rules everyone else in the union has agreed upon is tyranny in your eyes then you should get your head checked . 
  it was britains decision not to be a part of the schengen zone , it was your very own decision to have border controls . 
  and if you do n't wan na be part of the club anymore then do n't expect to be threated as a full member with all the perks that brings with it . 
  and i am not afraid of this debate as i rest assured that the rest of the eu is not as batshit insane as the eurosceptics in britain . 
  you are gon na shot yourself in the foot and the rest of the union is gon na have a laugh and move on without you guys . 
  it 's not a threat , it 's stating facts . 
  and we shall wait and see , i am gon na get my popcorn ready as soon as the referendum starts . 
  the only person threatening anyone is cameron , he 's trying to pressure the eu by threatening to leave if he does n't get it his way whenever he wants . 
  the rest of us is cooperating just fine , i ca n't think of a single country that 's more opposed to the majority opinion of the rest of the union on so many issues than britain . 
  we are sick of it and honestly ca n't wait for you guys to leave . 
  good luck with exiting the union , you sure as hell gon na need it when the last bit of your economy goes to shit and you fade into absolute obscurity on the international stage . 
  you guys do n't seem to have the slightest clue about all the benefits the eu grants you . 
  the feeling is mutual , i am sure as hell ai n't gon na miss guys like you in our union ;-), 
  then you need to get the tories to agree to a coalition with the ukip , we have a five-six party system in germany and one party being in power without a partner is unheard of on a national level around here , makes for finer nuances in politics instead of simple black and white choices all the time . 
  my point stands , if british people decide that the issue is not important enough to give their vote to the ukip then they obviously think that the benefits of voting for the pro-eu parties outweighs the negative things of staying in the oh-so-unwelcome eu . 
  you do n't like how labour and the tories ( at least until cameron ) stand on the issue of european integration ? 
  do n't vote for them or form your own party , i am getting sick off all this bitching and whining 24/7 . 
  of course you could vote on it . 
  every time the uk independence party ( which exists since 1993 ) ran and lost against other parties that were in favor of more eu integration the brits held a vote on it and decided their path . 
  my countries history ? 
  i am a citizen of the federal republic of germany , not of the third reich . 
  a different nation founded on parts of the same territory , same as modern italy does n't equal the roman empire . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/23/world/europe/veto-threats-hinder-eu-budget.html?_r=0 http://www.politics.co.uk/comment-analysis/2011/12/11/feature-why-does-britain-have-such-a-difficult-relationship http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/nov/15/britain-rebate-cut-eu-budget more later , at work now , but having to explain how britain blockades and slows the eu is like having to explain that the sun rises every morning . 
  of course it is , we do have parties that are against european integration , but they did n't receive the majority of votes , thus their programs and plans got refused by the voters . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-17230760 just one example out of many , we would have a fiscal pact by now if it was n't for britains unwillingness to compromise . 
  you are just making up excuses , if you 'd really want to get out of the eu from the bottom of your heart you 'd work overtime and find ways to start that party and find supporters . 
  but of course it 's easier to just keep complaining on random internet forums . 
  private citizens could even own warships back then, 
  like i told someone else in this thread : if you feel like your current parties misrepresent the will of the people then nothing stops you from forming your own party . 
  if there really is such a big silent majority of people who want out of the eu it should be a walk in the park to win the next elections . 
  so either form your own party or stop whining . 
  of course you have a choice . 
  we live in a democracy , feel free to start you own eurosceptic party if you feel that none of the current parties represent what you are looking for . 
  if such a big silent majority in favor ov leaving the eu would really exist it would be a cakewalk to win the next elections .
