  some story being told in 6-10 episodes and that 's it . 
  i highly recommend `` das boot '' ( which was only made into a movie so the director had access to movie development funds of the german government ) , `` berlin-alexanderplatz '' ( a cineasts dream ) and most recently `` im angesicht des verbrechens '' , a 10-part drama about the russian mob in berlin . 
  also , not from germany but from austria , i recommend `` die piefkes '' , a 4-movie series about a family of german tourists coming to austria , and the animosities on both sides that lead to disaster . 
  it 's great satire :-), 
  even though he is semi-retired ( still influencing our politics through his newspaper ) , former german chancellor [ helmut schmidt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helmut_schmidt ) is still my favourite politician . 
  [ joschka fischer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joschka_fischer ) is also up there , the man was awesome throughout his entire career and is one of the most convincing public speakers i have ever witnessed irl . 
  and finally , among still active german politicians [ hans-christian str\u00f6bele ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans-christian_str\u00f6bele ) is still the man . 
  i also staunchly believe that angela merkel receives way more shit than she deserves , even though i usually vote for the spd during german elections . 
  or would anyone here have preferred sarkozy , berlusconi or brown to lead this continent during the euro crisis ? 
  i did n't expect that britains pm 's could go downhill after gordon brown , but cameron never ceases to amaze in that regard . 
  i think they know , we love them sooo much that we never leave once we get there :-), 
  sweden and the netherlands , austria is also up there :-), 
  there are a gazillion threads about the greek debt and the euro crisis , why ca n't there be room for other , unrelated news from all over europe ? 
  this is n't r/payyourmotherfuckingdebtalready, 
  our german politicians better take care of me and my countrymen first before they look after anyone else , and your politicians should look after you and your countrymen first , everything else is treason at worst and not doing their main job at least . 
  incidentally , mittermeyer is considered to be one of the worst nowadays , his good days are long over . 
  he 's bavarian though , maybe you like him cause he 's the only one who 's accent you understand truly ;-), 
  do you speak german fluently ? 
  because if you do n't i really doubt that you are in any position to comment on our sense of humor ;-), 
  yeah you guys usually provide the last good fries before the war starts, 
  i saw that picture of the parliamentarian with the america shoes yesterday already , whats up with that , what is the context ? 
  finally someone who understands !!, 
  could you have resisted that magnificent moustache he was rocking at the time ? 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkiss2b8bz8 just watch him tear down the berlin wall through the sheer power of his voice , how dare you insult the hoff ? 
  because , no offense , as a german i associate only few things with belgium . 
  these are good beer , crazy sauces for your fries , the heysel disaster and lots of child molesting, 
  well there was this guy from your country who tried to rule us for a thousand years ... 
  it 's funny how people start arguing morals as soon as it is n't their money on the line ... `` you evil cold-hearted nazi germans , how dare you not letting greece freeload on your money for all eternity '', 
  of course everyone can leave the euro , as long as they leave the eu as well, 
  excuse me for a giving a damn about what happens to my tax money . 
  nobody is forcing you to reply to or read my comments ;-) same as nobody is forcing greece to accept german bailout money and the terms that come with it ... 
  no taxation without representation ... 
  the nation 's who pay the lions share of the bills around here should obviously receive an amount of influence that is proportional to the amount of money contributed . 
  and those nazi accusations are getting boring after a while , got any real arguments ? 
  as soon as greece stops using other peoples money for their own shit they can start to spend their money and run their state as they see fit . 
  maybe we should also stop sending billion euro aid packages and eu subventions your way while we are at it ... 
  citation needed ... 
  germany didnt want that leader role , we only inherited it because no one else had the power and ressources to solve this mess . 
  and if it was the other way round we 'd put a few million greeks in a position to dictate terms to the entire ez instead of them properly reforming their corrupt little shithole . 
  sorry pal , but as long as greece needs our money they 'll also have to play by our rules , everything else would be impossible to explain to our voters . 
  germany was also a much needed buffer zone against soviet invasion of western europe . 
  being turned into the designated main battle ground for ww3 and being split up into zones was part of the deal . 
  germany was also under occupation back then , so the allies had full control over what the germans did with their money . 
  people like you somehow always forget these tiny bits of information , i wonder why ... 
  he 's busy trying to set up a computer right now , but i 'll ask if he wants to behead me when he 's done . 
  thanks for caring about my safety though :-) . 
  he 's an orthodox christian btw , did n't know that these guys were in the beheading business , but you never know . 
  western europeans said the same about you guys when schengen was expanded to include half of eastern europe . 
  it 's actually rather hilarious to see you guys repeat the same stupid arguments a decade later . 
  how about you read up on the amount of debt we 've already forviven the greeks ... must be nice to talk about writing off debt when its not your loss , chief . 
  greece wanted those loans , got those loans , wasted those loans and now when its payback time they want nothing to do wth it . 
  the man drowned himself and has been talking shit to the lifeguards ever since they arrived, 
  greece has one of the highest levels of state employees in the world , one would assume some of those ended up in the police forces instead of rolling thumbs in some government office ... 
  they do , as soon as they leave the ez ... 
  got one sitting next to me , still not worried :-), 
  that 's mister boris for you ;-), 
  japanese people tend to pay their taxes , there is a reason why greece is the only country in which austerity failed . 
  it 's not like you had the money to buy some even if you wanted to :-), 
  you seem to have experience with being the offspring of russian rapes :-), 
  you make it sound like you know which siberian or german village the guys who raped your grandma were from ;-), 
  oh it can in a diversified economy such as ours, 
  now compare total debt in billions of euros , not debt to gdp ... bailoing out iceland and its measly 50 billion would be a cakewalk for germany , we are talking about different sums in greece . 
  i wonder what exactly it is about serbian mentality that makes you love to suck russian cock so much . 
  like i said many times in this thread , no one is forcing greece to do anything or accept any kind of aid , they are free to leave the ez and eu whenever they want . 
  do n't blame their shit on us , its getting old ... 
  i got a syrian trainee sitting opposite of me in my office . 
  ca n't exactly say i am scared of these guys . 
  you should try meeting some and interacting with them , they are humans like you and me :-) . 
  and that guy sitting opposite of me will soon earn a lot more money than your average serbian countryman ... 
  greece is pretty good at fucking itself over economically , it does n't need external help to do that ;-), 
  where exactly did i imply this ? 
  trust me , you should worry more about democracy in serbia than democracy in germany ;-), 
  fun fact : angela merkel is chancellor of germany , not prime minister of greece . 
  why should she give a flying fuck about anything other than the german voters and their interests ? 
  greeks can vote for whatever they want , does n't mean that other countries need to abide by it . 
  many people here ( including you ) seem to have to difficulties to understand that simple concept . 
  and if the greek leader ignores referendums held by greek voters that is a greek problem , not a german one . 
  we are doing fine over here with our democratic system , feel free to choose something else in your own country if it doesnt work for you . 
   country at the time with 5 time bigger deb citation needed, 
  ever notice how austerity worked for ireland , spain and portugal ? 
  greece is the problem , not proven-to-work austerity policies . 
  just about every other country on earth is more in danger to turn into a fascist state right now than germany . 
  do n't worry about us , we are doing fine over here ;-), 
  tsipras decided to take that deal , if greeks disagree with him they can feel free to kick him out of office at the next election . 
  you really have zero understanding of how a representative democracy works . 
  come back to the debate once you 've educated yourself on the issue . 
  and wtf has ukraine got to do with it ? 
  germany supports whatever is good for germany . 
  if we prefer the politics of the ukrainian opposition we support them , if we prefer the governments policies we support the government . 
  it 's what every government everywhere does to protect and further its own interests . 
  so merkel should have went door to door to ask the opinion of every greece ? 
  if greeks are unsatisfied with their leader , they can feel free to vote for a different candidate at the next election . 
  you seem to lack even a basic grasp on the concept of representative democracy ... and it ai n't `` enforcing '' , no one forced tsipras to take that deal . 
  if he wants to leave the ez he is free to do so at any time , as long as he leaves the eu with it . 
  you have no clue what the word fascism means ... 
  germany is n't enforcing anything . 
  greece is free to leave the euro and reject the bailout money if they want to , but as long as they want our cash they 'll have to play by our rules . 
   which everyone with any sense knows is impossible citation needed ... and you willfully ignore that just about every other ez member except greece agreed with germany on this, 
  german it guy here . 
  we got a syrian refugee as a new trainee ( ausbildung ) 2 years ago .
