  he came with one of the first waves of refugees . 
  that guy was an easy pick because at age 21 he had already worked in a computer shop in damascus for a few years . 
  now the german state pays part of his trainee salary while my company pays the rest . 
  it 's an ingenious idea to help this guy integrate . 
  he 's forced to speak german all day ( he 's getting close to fluency , and its only been 2 years ) , hangs around germans all day and learns how things work around here , my boss profits from a cheap employee and germany will end up with one more young , productive tax-paying citizen in a year who will easily pay back the money invested in him in a few years . 
  he 's a really polite and almost shy dude , with great manners and work attitude , and he 's showing me 5 days a week that these guys are n't just a drain on our society . 
  he also makes ridiculously awesome roz bhaleeb rice pudding once a week :-) . 
  awesome country , i went there many times as a group leader for one of the big language schools ( loads of those there because it 's a nation that combines english language with mediterranean climate ) and visited all the major sightseeing spots . 
  everyone speaks english well , but maltese is pretty incomprehensible for outsiders . 
  i especially loved the blue lagoon and the silent city , it 's also a pretty cool party destination ( paceville ... ) . 
  surprisingly there 's loads of really old stuff to be found on the island , like remains of one of the earliest human settlements ever found . 
  highly recommended , and i 'd love to visit malta again sometime , but people should keep in mind that it is not really a good destination for prolonged beach holidays . 
  there 's only a few beaches spread over the main island and gozo , and even with fancy names like paradise bay and golden bay they are rather small . 
  it also apparently has one of the largest fireworks factories in europe , you can see rockets being fired all the time as they are being tested . 
  the island is also home to one of the holiest relics of mankind , a pair of sunglasses that has been worn by both bono and pope john paul ii that is on display in the hard rock cafe in valletta :-), 
  compare the spd program from the last elections ( mindestlohn etc ) with the currently achieved status quo and then tell me with a straight face that i did n't get most of what i voted for . 
  you have n't provoked me , you just provided further proof of your cluelessness in these matters . 
  if you wan na provoke someone by telling him that merkel overrules his party 's positions all the time you should try your luck with the average bavarian csu voter ( maut , betreuungsgeld etc have all been shut down :-) ) and you can bitch all you want as long as you realize that the vast majority of germans disagrees with you . 
  that 's 3 percent of our population . 
  stop pretending that a billion syrians are suddenly gon na turn up at our borders . 
  i hope you do realize that immigration is the only possibility to defuse the demographic timebomb germany is sitting on . 
  ask the japanese in 30 years to know why it 's a stupid idea to prevent immigration when your population is aging rapidly . 
  1000 people chosen correctly are enough for a representative polling . 
  you should go and take a statistics 101 class at college someday , then you 'll understand why 1000 people is enough for a poll . 
  feel free to vote npd or afd during the next elections . 
  i am an spd voter and going by their party agenda and their behaviour over the last decades i could assume they are in favour of helping refugees . 
  i got exactly what i voted for and i do n't complain . 
  maybe you should start to vote instead of bitching about not being asked . 
  it 's called democracy , works pretty well imho . 
  btw , alk the polls suggest that helping refugees is something the majority in this country supports , so our politicians are doing exactly what the majority wants . 
  17 million ( assuming every single one tries to migrate to europe ) is nothing if distributed evenly among our little 500 million citizen union . 
  we are bound by un treaties as well . 
  good luck with leaving the un, 
  we can do it the cyprus way if cyprus foots the bill . 
  our laws and treaties oblige us to grant refuge to people whose live is in danger because their home country is a war zone . 
  it does not oblige us to grant first world living standards to everyone who is coming from a peaceful place with a shitty economy . 
  also , the second group uses space and ressources that should be used to aid group 1 . 
  i have no issue with aiding refugees from syria with my tax money , i do have issues with having to support some dudes from the balkans who are coming to germany because we hand out more welfare than their home country does . 
  dunno , last i checked there were lots of peaceful countries between syria and italy , and yet they bypass all of them and try to come here . 
  if `` no more being shot at '' was their goal they could have stopped right in turkey . 
  is today 's pegida march already finished ? 
  you guys seem to be coming out of the woodwork all at the same time, 
  doing fine over here :-), 
  yeah definitely :-), 
  does anyone else think it 's hilarious how those immigration threads always have 5x as many comments compared to thread upvotes ? 
  the thread is at +76 with 343 comments . 
  come on guys , if the thread is interesting enough to post hundreds of comments at least have the decency to make it more visible for everyone else as well and reward op for posting something that obviously interests the people on this sub . 
  i am not the one who 's being downvoted to oblivion ;-), 
  are you off your meds ? 
  because you seriously need to read the party agenda of your chosen party again , it does n't match with your comment history . 
  try to say those wehrmacht comments at a linke party gathering , i dare you ;-), 
  yeah , it also looks like an alt account ( only a few weeks old ) . 
  i am not even sure why i am arguing with that cunt , but all the anti-immigrant shit going on in germany over the last few weeks has put me in a fighting mood when it comes to fascists . 
  i am actually rather conservative ( ask the syriza crowd around this sub ... ) , i just dislike nazi scum and their supporters ;-) and a germany made up of fuckers like yourself should indeed die , luckily you and the likes of you are a tiny minority . 
  the only minority no one wants around here ... 
  yes :-), 
  damn those 40 years of soviet indoctrination sure left their mark on the common understanding of history in the minds of east germans ... 
  i provided proof :-), 
  learn to comprehend the meaning of the words you write ;-) . 
  the wehrmacht was the backbone of one of the worst atrocities this world has ever seen and you weep for them like the little nazi bitch that you are . 
  seems like they forgot to teach you about both capitalism and history in school . 
  citation needed ... 
   rest in peace my german soldiers . 
  you were sent to hell on earth by a madman and still kept your bravery and faith until the bitter end knowing what would face you if you got caught by the soviets . 
   you would lie beside them then . 
  `` nazi soldiers '' also only made up about 10 % of the wehrmacht . 
  straight from your comment history and even posted within the last 24 hours . 
  do n't bother deleting it , i took screen caps ;-), 
  yeah like the time the east got a 2:1 conversion rate for their monopoly money when 10:1 would have been appropriate . 
  or the time when every gdr citizen received access to west german pension funds without ever having paid a cent into the western system ... 
  you are bitching about having paid a measly 55 billion ? 
  the whole reunification cost the west around 2 trillion euros to get the east up to standards ... 
  i just looked through your comment history . 
  you are one of those despicable `` the wehrmacht did nothing wrong '' nazi fucks . 
  explains all then nonsense you post around here though . 
  thank god the majority of the people disagree with your bullshit . 
  source for that 98 % number please ... 
  that 's precisely the reason why the gdr sucked a lot more than west germany ... 
  i lived in dublin for a while and i thought it was pretty hilarious how my host family was cheering for manchester united when the premier league was on and was booing at the screen when the english national team was playing ( did n't even matter who they were playing against ) . 
  the little 7 year old son of the family was a big beckham fan when he wore the manu jersey and called him a cunt when he was wearing an england jersey . 
  i 've yet to see any kind of shitstorm over here in frankfurt . 
  those pegida cunts were chased out of my beautiful city really fast :-) . 
  imho there is a direct correlation between tolerance and a functioning economy . 
  ever notice how the parts of germany that get the least amount of shit done are also the most xenophobic parts ? 
  those cunts from saxony have the fucking nerve to leech of my beloved l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich for decades , get their piece of shit economy and state rebuilt with my tax payer money and then when the time comes for them to give and help a little they turn into nazi savages in an instant . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  anyway , i take a million syrian refugees over a handful of nazis from saxony in a heartbeat . 
  we must know different kinds of turks then . 
  my boss is from turkey , and that guy has created more jobs and wealth for this country than the average village full of east german nazi fucks . 
  imho this is only common for football fans from smaller countries . 
  spaniards , germans , italians and brits get to see world class football without having to watch foreign leagues . 
  vienna is the most beautiful city i 've ever seen :-), 
  frankfurt citizen here . 
  we got loads of new immigrants around here , it 's just that the nazi cunts from east germany make more of a fuzz about the whole thing and thus get more press . 
  the fucking saxonians have something like 1.5 % of muslims among the general population and they still bitch about being flooded with muslims . 
  i do n't know if you are just being sarcastic , but as a german it 's my impression that most people with turkish immigration backgrounds are pretty well integrated around here . 
  and i live in frankfurt , germanys official capital of crime . 
  spoiler : it also took me until snoops very last scene to realize that she 's actually female ... 
  season 4 is the best . 
  the kid crew delivered better acting than most grown-up actors i 've ever seen .
