  i just checked http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2010/mar/04/greece-sell-islands-german-mps it was an interview in the bild-zeitung , which is our biggest and most unreliable right wing tabloid newspaper , its about as good a source as the daily mail and fox news , they make their bucks by giving people the cliques they want . 
  do n't worry though , the vast majority of educated germans knows that the banks fucked this one up, 
  are you sure the german flag next to your name is correct ? 
  your sentence makes little sense and has atrocious grammar and spelling kaputt , as it is correctly spelled , usually refers to broken objects , not people , it is also der schweinehund , and to correct your grammar i first need to know what the hell you are trying to express , thank god berlusconi the schweinehund is finally gone ? 
   the problem is that is not a isolated incident , is almsot daily that some elected offcial of a nothern europe country says something about the lazy south europe , it all adds up . 
  on the other hand we get called nazis at every turn , insulting the people that are trying to help is n't doing too much good either, 
   calls to sell greek islands for example are pretty derogatory and aim to incite anger rather than provide workable solutions . 
  dont believe the tabloid press , this was an off-the-record statement by a politician with little to say in german matters , you can be pissed about these statements if they start coming from merkel , westerwelle or wulff you have to look beyond these sentiments and see what the governments themselves are saying , if i had a euro for every time some southern european protestor/newspaper called us nazis i could bail out europe by myself , but i stopped caring about these stupid allegations a long time ago , you should do the same with stupid minority opinions from german politicians, 
   but then i do n't know any member of the cdu electorate . 
  or at least none that admits it . 
  its even worse with the fdp , it is impossible nowaydays to get a german citizen to admit they voted for guidos spa\u00dfpartei in the last federal elections, 
   merkel is seen as pretty selfish in portugal . 
  thats the most baffling misunderstanding in the current situation . 
  merkel is the one defending the euro even against sentiments of her own party ( her own coalition almost broke up over this 2 months ago , and it will probably cost her her re-election 2013 ) . 
  if the german people got to vote on the bailouts tomorrow , the answer would be no and all of southern europe would go down the drain really fast , with the rest of the eurozone ( including my own country , whose economy depends on exports to wealthy neighbours ) following in the next decade . 
  i really do n't like merkel , i voted for the social democrats all my life , but the flak she is receiving over this from all of southern europe is mindnumbing . 
  and if general consensus in portugal really is that the bailout is unnecessary then somehow you guys forgot to tell your government so , because somehow they keep knocking on our door asking for money, 
  german here , i really do n't like sarkozy , but at least in financial matters the german-french alliance knows how to work together , berlusconi was much worse to deal with, 
  to give you some much needed perspective , 9 billion euros are measly peanuts for the german economy , the efsf umbrella is in the trillion euro range, 
  i am already working 8,5 hours a day and i am doing just fine , are you seriously complaining about 9 hours as an unbearable workload ? 
  if we start talking about 11 or 12 hours that starts to become to much to be compatible with a proper private life , but 9 hours ai n't cause to complain about . 
  and if the majority of your contrymen still seem to vote for the parties you oppose ( and i 'll give you that you voted for the opposition , its a fair point ) , then you must start to convince them to vote otherwise . 
  if big parts of the portuguese public seem to suffer from the current government politics it should n't be too hard to get the majority to vote otherwise in the next elections . 
  you will only need a few years of fiscal disclipline and longer hours to get out of this crisis , your country is fundamentally stable , it just lived over its means for the last 2 decades , this can be fixed in less than 1 decade . 
  come on , you had yearly gdp growth of over 3 % in the nineties , you can do it again if you get your shit together, 
  you solve it like we solved it ten years ago : some tough reforms , longer working hours for everyone and strict fiscal discipline by your parliament for a few years , that means no expensive gifts to voter groups so a party can stay in power , it means working your ass off for a few years and then your country will be out of the shitter . 
  look up the german hartz reforms to see what i am talking about . 
  raise your pension age , downsize your armed forces , stay away from wasting millions on useless projects like the vasco da gama bridge also , prestige projects like a european football championship ( portugal 2004 ) or olympic games ( greece 2004 ) are all fun and nice , but will cost your nation billions , greece lost way over 2 billion euros with their summer olympics , countries with weak economies should leave these prestige projects to nations that are financially capable of hosting them . 
  have you any idea how it feels as a german to see how the greek spend billions on summer olympics with money borrowed from us , then refuses to pay back that money and then greek people start calling us nazis because we have the nerve to dare to ask back our money ? 
  because it would be pretty cheap if greece was able to make debts for decades and then just skip the paying back part like this . 
  we borrowed them money , we want it back , and they will never be able to pay us back in drachme , its that simple . 
  i am simply disgusted by that entire line of reasoning being thrown at us : german ( and french , dutch ) banks borrow money to greece because they ask for it and fake economic data so we think they are able to pay it back some time ( they even faked their economic statistics to get into the eurozone in the first place ) . 
  now their cardhouse collapsed because they have been lying to themselves for a long time and now its somehow our fault as germans that we want our money back , and all we hear is `` lol , you should have known we can never pay you back , stupid germans '' . 
  maybe this is a fundamental cultural difference between northern and southern europe , but where i am from , the person who takes the loan is expected to check if they can handle the loan and to pay it back as soon as they can , somehow that system seems to be different in greece . 
  lol , you may start with the nazi comparisons when we start to put your countrymen to the gaschambers , until then it just makes you look like an idiot to compare the current situation with the atrocities of the 1940 's the big difference that you do n't get is that i was born 4 decades after the second world war ( and thus refuse to take even 1 iota of responsibility for these events ) , while metaluim 's government fucked up during his life time ( same as yours i might add ) , so you both have fucked up governments that you dont seem to do shit about , and when i tell you to take it up with your own representatives first all you can do is throw events at me that happened before all of us were born , pretty weak dont you think ? 
  your country does want our money , if you do n't want it you do n't need to tell me , you need to stand in front of your parliament with a sign that says `` metaluim here , please do n't ask the germans for money , i do n't want it '' also that '' i do n't want your money '' statement does n't fit with your earlier `` we 're already struggling to survive everyday '' comment, 
  again an internal spanish problem , why do n't you guys get a proper voting system going ? 
  the more i read about the situation in southern europe the more i am convinced that none of these countries was ever suitable to join the eurozone , you guys should be working on becoming a proper first-world country first, 
  so overthrow your corrupt government , or start convincing your countrymen . 
  obviously 50 % +1 of the voting spanish population agreed to the ruling parties because thats whats needed in a democracy to rule , its not the `` heir elites of the dictatorship '' , its the majority of your countrymen who voted for them . 
  so when the majority of spanish voters is responsible for this in the end , i feel free to put blame on the spanish people if the politics that came from that voting lead to spain needing our bailout money, 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/0,1518,792641,00.html 211 billion is just the latest sum we use to backup the efsf , greece alone received over a 100 billion of our money in prior months , if you start adding up these numbers you 'll see the real amount of money we put into this . 
  the lack of respect annoys me , we are bailing half of the continent out because everyone else seems to have run disneyland economies while we endured hard reforms to keep our finances in order ( please compare the reforms germany undertook in the last 10 years to what greece and italy did in the same time , then tell me again it is somehow our fault they did n't make it through the financial crisis in a good state , berlusconi did n't want to lose voters so he kept giving gifts financed by new debt , now they face bankruptcy and somehow its the evil germans , its getting annoying ), 
  i am getting sick of all this blame coming from southern europe . 
  you guys ran your economies into the ground , now we are helping out with lots of our money and economic power and somehow its the fault of the rich middle and northern european nations that the southern european nations run their disneyland economies . 
  we germans went through some tough reforms in the last 10 years , everyone is working harder hours , our pension age got raised and all this hardship brought us to the position where we could handle crisis . 
  silvio berlusconi spend the same time to make stupid gifts to his voters to stay in power and now italy is in deep trouble and everybody starts screaming `` evil germans '' , it 's disgusting , get a grip on your economy , work harder , dont take debt if your country cant handle it and stop whining, 
  jep , we are backing the southern half of the continent with over a trillion euro and they get pissed because of the expression we use for the people who beg for our money , some gratefulness is in goddamn order, 
  but thats a problem you need to discuss with your government . 
  over here in germany a law was made that made it illegal to use the conversion to the euro for price raising , if you cant control your government like a good democracy please dont blame the rest of the continent . 
  you may have noticed that large parts of the european union have money problems right now , and it was the countries of the euro zone who gave the guarantees , not the european union , so check your facts , also , us germans already bankroll 40 % of the eu budget in good times , its much more now that the piigs are in trouble and cant pay their share, 
  `` someone who offends you '' is not the textbook definition of what a nazi is , you may use that comparison when we start mass-killing your people, 
  time for godwins law to take effect in this thread : around 3 hours , not too bad for reddit . 
  still retarded though , you can start calling us nazis when we come rolling in with tanks and start to send your countries people to the gas chambers , until this has happened please refrain from comparing the current situation with the horrors of the 1940 's , it just weakens whatever argument you are trying to make and makes you look like an idiot , especially to germans like me who were born 4 decades after the second world war can we go back to discussing the problems of 21th century europe now ? 
  it 's a fitting acronym that is a lot shorter than `` european nations that likely require bailout money because their economy is down the shitter '' , and makes it immediately clear who i am talking about ;-) , i know that it sounds disrespectful , but as the german proverb goes `` wer den schaden hat braucht f\u00fcr den spott nicht mehr zu sorgen ''  `` he who has ( caused ) the damage already took care of the mockery as well '', 
  last i checked we gave guarantees to back up the piigs with over a trillion euros ( please let that number sink in , most countries in the world need years to generate that amount with their gdp ) , if this is n't `` terribly impressive '' i do n't know what is . 
  we try to save the euro with all our economic power , i do n't get all the hate coming towards merkel on this issue . 
  many people do n't seem to realize that big parts of the german population are unwilling to support further bailouts , it 's merkel who is defending the euro even against sentiments in her own party, 
  pi-news ran some articles instructing people how to systematically take over some of the big german news forums ( spiegel online , bild.de , zeit.de etc ) . 
  even though the relevant parties ( npd , dvu , reps , die freiheit ) combined never make it above 5 % in nationwide elections these fuckers still manage to suggest some kind of right wing majority in our society when you look at the comments of these sites . 
  its hate speech of the worst kind , reading through the pi-news forums feels like sitting in a german bar hours before the reichskristallnacht, 
  i get your reasoning , but it turns my stomach when i think about the fact that the npd receives wahlkostenr\u00fcckerstattung , eg money from the state for every vote in an election and is thus financed by my tax money . 
  i also stand by my point concerning sarazzin , his book separates people into ethnic groups and makes a racist disctinction between them , that shit is illegal according to german law for very good reason , he should thus suffer the consequences and go to trial i think we have enough bad experience with standing idly by while right wing nutjobs take over this country , we should n't keep parties legal that openly oppose the core values of our constitution, 
  as a german it saddens me that i got ta agree with you here , right wing sentiments seem once again to be en vogue around here but even if neo-nazism is far more widespread in the east , the west of germany is by no means innocent . 
  the attacks of solingen and m\u00f6lln both happened in the west , and dortmund is the of the capitals for the ultra-right wing `` freie kameradschaften '' right now . 
  still , east germany is a lot worse . 
  somehow the npd ( national democratic party , ultra right wing borderline nazis ) manages to regulary receive over 5 % of the votes in some east german states ( which is important because over here you need to get over 5 % to get people into parliament ) . 
  east germany is a lot poorer than the west ( and both sides know it ) , and that makes it a breeding ground for extremist shitheads . 
  because there are few high-paying jobs in east germany , the people with good educations quickly move somewhere else , leaving only undereducated unsuccessfull people who are pissed at the german state, 
  there seem to be two threads about this article , so i am posting my comment from the other thread again here : it 's ridiculous how minister friedrich ( responsible for domestic issues , police and all ) talks about left wing terrorism and the rebirth of the raf ( red army faction , left wing german terrorist group from the 70 's and 80 's ) when a few cars go up in flames in berlin , but a bunch of neonazis with long police records can go about their murder business for over 10 years without anyone noticing . 
  and the denial coming from the german right is disgusting , if you read through the spiegel forums right now it 's worse than / r/conspiracy , the entire nazi mob that populates large parts of the german-speaking web just flat out rules out the possibility that shit like this is an effect of the rise of anti-muslim and racist sentiments in the german society over the last two decades . 
  these guys think that this is all some part of a big government conspiracy to discredit the right wing movement . 
  even the german police forces and media preferred to focus on wild conspiracy theories about the turkish mafia instead of investigating the most logical version : if a dozen immigrants get murdered with the same weapon , it might have been done by the people who speak out against foreigners the loudest : nazi scum i rarely agree with angela merkel , but she was spot on yesterday when she called these events a disgrace and shame for german society . 
  it 's about time we start closing pi-news and co , forbid the npd party and put thilo sarazzins ass in prison for volksverhetzung, 
  nobody claims this would n't hurt the big boys of the european union if britain left the eu , all we say is that it would hurt britain a lot more than the rest of the continent, 
  its enough if they try to change that little part of the constitution that says `` the death sentence has been abolished '' while keeping everything else . 
  once that has been done you have set yourself a really ugly precedent for all debates to come, 
  i totally agree with the second point ( letting american rating agencies and international hedgefonds attack our european currency this easy is madness , the least we could to is starting a euro-zone wide tax on financial transactions ) , but i am not too sure that the greek people would decide to stay in the eurozone ( they would like to stay in the european union , no doubt , but the two things are connected to one another now , due to european law it is only possible to leave the eurozone if one leaves the european union as well ), 
  not every parliament fucked it up like greece did , the majority of the eurozone made it through the crisis much better i agree to your second point , while still maintaining my stance that the representative democracy is the overall better solution , especially in times of crisis, 
  you dont get the problem , do you ? 
  if we let people vote on everything , whats gon na stop them from abandoning the constitution ? 
  all these safeguards go out the window as soon as you establish direct democracy and voting on anything . 
  also , i have faith in people , but unlike you i still have some faith in politicians and representative democracy as well , served us good for the last 60 years, 
  you start to get my point . 
  if people can vote directly , the next step is abandoning said lisboa treaty . 
  `` hey , this piece of shit treaty keeps us from executing child rapists , lets get out of it asap '' . 
  and switzerland doesnt let its people vote on everything , even if you get the needed 100.000 votes to theoretically force a votum , there are still higher instances to decide if the votum is held , to prevent shit like this, 
  like i said before , the moment you allow people to vote directly on issues like that is the moment you open the door for bildzeitungspolitik . 
  the next time someone rapes and kills a child the nation will reintroduce the death sentence over all the outrage . 
  you give control of your nation over to populists, 
  the citizens of greece will be in much deeper shit if they refuse the currentr agreement and leave the eurozone for good . 
  this might sound like a good idea right now ( yay lets vote for our own destiny ) but it 'll send the country back to the stone age for decades , and i stand by my argument that 99 % of greece ( and other european ) people do n't have the insight and understanding of the situation to make an informed decision in the matter, 
  which country are you from ? 
  you must have traumatizing experiences with democracy . 
  i stand by my statement , 99 % of us have no true grasp on the issue at hand and thus we ca n't make a truly informed decision . 
  its the same case with many other issues , thats why we elect politicians of specific parties who then turn to experts in their own party for advice and guidance . 
  ask the normal european citizen on the streets to explain the details of the bailout to you , the results will be laughable when many people have no interest in politics whatsoever ( any european countries with regular voter attendancy/participation of over 65-70 % ? 
  did n't think so ... ), 
  because even those politicians you elected will then turn to the experts of their own party for advice and guidance . 
  when the german parliament argues over matters of defense , our parliament will be almost completely empty .
