  no biggie for kohl , when he wanted to hold a private phone conversation he 'd ask his driver to drive him to a random phone booth in the middle of nowhere . 
  kohl would then call mitterand or thatcher from that phone booth and conduct state business . 
  a referendum about an offer that is no longer on the table because a deadline passed is indeed kinda pointless . 
  it 's not about the referendum itself , the timing is what pissed people off . 
  even sch\u00e4uble suggested a referendum back in may , if tsipras had held it 3 weeks earlier no one would have complained . 
  syriza threw out the troika after a few days in office , germany could n't throw out the allies . 
  nah , it came with a few decades of allied occupation instead . 
  a strong germany was needed to kickstart the post war european economy and to keep the soviets at bay , it was n't just done for charity reasons . 
  germany was granted 1.4 billion and paid back 1 billion of the marshall plan aid . 
  please stop lying to further the greek agenda , it makes you look stupid . 
  emerging democracy ??? 
  all the eastern european nations were still being bled dry under communist rule while greece was already a eu member . 
  and they are all doing much better nowadays than greece . 
  the drug addiction is ridiculous overspending on the greek side , austerity is the rehab . 
  of course someone who 's been addicted to heroine for decades is gon na have a bad time when he has to quit cold turkey , but allowing him to inject more heroine again is n't the solution . 
  so basically you want us to pay for your shitty state for all eternity and you will remind us of the nazis everytime we dare to ask for some reforms and guarantees . 
  your little extortion scheme gets old really quickly ... 
  my tax money is still being used to pay back war reparations . 
  germany stopped paying for ww1 in 2010 . 
  and i am curious who voted for previous greek governments . 
  call me crazy but i 'd wager it was your countrymen ... 
  they lived way above their means for decades , now they get a reality check and their standard of living goes down to normal uninflated levels that match their productivity and tax paying morals . 
  a perfectly natural process , but blaming it on evil germans is probably much easier than blaming it on decades of greek mismanagement and overspending . 
  unlike greece all the new eastern members tend to stick to the rules . 
  you guys down in greece seem to willfully ignore that you are trying to default on loans coming from nations with a lower gdp than you enjoy . 
  it takes a really messed up character to do that and still insult the people of eastern europe with stupid comments like yours . 
  considering the `` reliability '' greece has shown when it comes to sticking to agreements and contracts it 's the most important argument . 
  they have shown they ca n't be trusted , even going so far as to throw out the controlling instance ( the troika ) put in place to make sure they do n't just waste all the money again . 
  greece has a history of ignoring their own promises . 
  so the troika needs something more substantial than `` sure guys , we will maybe reform some time 7n the future '' and please stop bullshitting . 
  greek promises without guarantees are utterly worthless . 
  that proposal is worthless without an exact timetable . 
  you and i seem to have vastly different definitions of what `` chump change '' means . 
  i am here to tell you that i still think it is as described in the newspapers . 
  now what ? 
  fun fact : germany was turned into the designated main battleground for ww3 for decades , it had to act as a buffer zone between west and east and still managed to come up on top as one of the biggest , strongest economies on the planet . 
  i wonder why greece is unable to do the same even when entire continents are showering them with money for decades . 
  since greece joined the eu it has received half a trillion euros more than it paid into the money pool and it is still fucked . 
  i am sick of this , and no amount of stupid nazi comparisons coming from clueless idiots like yourself will convince me and the majority of my countrymen to believe otherwise . 
  fun fact 2 : greece already received a major debt cut and is now ( thanks to the ez ) able to borrow money way under free market terms and conditions . 
  but yes , insulting the countries that borrow greece that money is way easier than taking up some proper reforms and getting ones shit together . 
  and i repeat my question : do you have any actual arguments beyond retarded nazi comparisons ? 
  godwin alert , got any proper arguments to bring to the table ? 
  and btw , my tax money is still being used to pay for my grandparents sins , and i do n't complain about it one bit . 
  which makes me different from the average young greek who feels zero responsibility for even his parents mistakes . 
  ah this old bullshit comparison again . 
  when germany received the debt cut in 1953 it was under allied occupation . 
  give the troika equal control about greece and we can talk about equal debt cuts . 
  they brought this upon themselves . 
  they left the negotiations all on their own , insulted everyone else with that bizarre farce of a referendum and now they are paying the price for tsipras negotiation tactics . 
  and to be honest , i do n't give a shit anymore . 
  if they try to steal from me by refusing to pay back their loans they can rot in hell . 
  the only greeks i pity right now where the yes voters . 
  not anymore . 
  unlike greece everyone else actually prepared for such a scenario . 
  it wo n't be pretty for the rest of us , but not nearly as bad as greece us gon na suffer . 
  greece is begging the troika for help , not the other way round . 
  if i want to borrow money from my bank i need to convince them that i can pay them back . 
  why should they consider it at all ? 
  greece unilaterally ended the negotiations days earlier to prepare their bizarre referendum . 
  why should everyone else give a shit what they announce in the meantime ? 
  i sure hope merkel ignores these silly diversion tactics and let 's greece fall hard . 
  i am getting sick of this bullshit coming from athens . 
  my 5 year old niece has better negotiation skills than syriza . 
  great summary , i 'll quote parts of this post in the future whenever the syriza apologists come out of the woodworks :-) . 
  the ira did n't try to spread the catholic faith across the entire world to gain entry to heaven . 
  they were an organization that could , to some degree , be dealt and reasoned with . 
  islamist terrorism is an entirely different matter . 
  so because your wealthy ship owners would maybe refuse to pay taxes for their business you guys rather keep asking everyone else for money . 
  have you any idea how insulting that statement you just made sounds for taxpayers all over europe ? 
  we are doing pretty well with our gang of hellhound economists . 
  maybe greece should listen to advice coming from an actually functioning first world economy once in a while . 
  this is not just a domestic issue man . 
  same here in germany , it 's headline news on every channel and all the major news sites run live blogs . 
  even sch\u00e4uble himself proposed such a referendum back in may . 
  it 's not about the referendum itself but about the timing . 
  if tsipras had announced his plan 3 weeks ago no one would have voiced any concerns . 
  care about refuting his point or will you just try to scream him down ? 
  you made it sound like it was some benevolent act of pure generosity to help germany after ww2 , which is simply false . 
  read up on cold war history and report back when you are ready to debate this issue like a grownup . 
  germany was propped up after the war due to geopolitical reasons , people tend to forget that being the designated main battle ground for ww3 was part of the whole deal . 
  the thing is that merkel now has to choose between helping greece and staying in power . 
  if she agreed to syrizas terms and turned the ez into a transfer union she might as well hand in her resignation immediately afterwards . 
  the problem here is tsipras and varoufakis general tone during the negotiations . 
  they can play hardball with other officials behind closed doors all they want , but their tactic of insults and demands has angered most people around here to the point that makes it politically impossible for german politicians to keep supporting greece without demanding further reforms . 
  seriously , what outcome did you expect ? 
  that the rest of europe was simply gon na open the checkbook and announce `` here 's your debt cut , no further reform needed , keep on doing what you are doing '' ? 
  there were two realistic choices here : accept the troika terms and receive further aid while having to undergo further reforms , or not accepting the troika terms , being forced to default and exit the eurozone and be a lot more fucked as a result . 
  i swear if yugoslavia was still a united country they 'd be a major force in world football . 
  so many good players come from the balkans its incredible . 
  lagarde seems pissed :-), 
  no source named , but the press conference seems to be running atm . 
  and tusk just announced the emergency summit on monday : http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2015/06/18-pec-euro-summit/, 
  it 's the top news headline on all the major german newspaper websites right now . 
  faz , spiegel , zeit and s\u00fcddeutsche all report the same . 
  there 'll be an emergency meeting on monday . 
  that only applies if the country taking the loan did n't cook their books and took very active measures to hide their true numbers . 
  like greece did when it cheated its way into the eurozone ... 
  it does n't change the terms and amount of the loan though , only now the guy who borrowed has to deal with an entity that is less inclined to compromise on those terms . 
  your uneducated bullshit amuses me and makes me sad at the same time .
