  your fathers and grandfathers generation fucked this one up for you guys , by wasting all that borrowed money on bullshit and voter gifts to win elections instead of investing it properly , do n't try to blame it on the rest of the eurozone . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2015/02/greece-ireland-and-portugal worked alright for portugal and ireland , only greece aborted the measures before they could show the desired effect . 
  most economists agreed that greece had reached the bottom of the valley and was about to recover in the near future . 
  then tsipras and syriza came around , did a 180 and fucked it all up again . 
  greece had to undergo the hardest austerity measures because it was living way further above its means for decades than every other eurozone member . 
  they had to push these reforms through in a short timespan because they waited the longest to start with them . 
  you make it sound like some noble greek push for a proper balanced budget , while this is nothing more than reality catching up with an economy that has tried to cheat instead of reform for decades . 
  it 's like the guy who was too stupid to protect his cellar against flooding claiming that he pumped the largest quantity of water out of his basement after the last flood compared to everyone else . 
  yeah sure he 's right , but only because he was too stupid to do it right when he still had a chance to prepare . 
  medium economic crisis for the eurozone ( especially the south ) and the apocalypse for greece . 
  nonsense , school never started before 7.45 for me , college never before 7.30 and work never before 8 . 
  dude jet-packs are 1980s technology ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eksektphjjc ) , they only ripped us off with the hoverboards . 
  the social net is much weaker though , this is about the people at the bottom, 
  i did n't just say `` someone '' , i explicitly compared work conditions in germany to other developed first world nations . 
  i never said they live on trees , i said that workers in low paying jobs have it much harder in these places than in germany . 
  go live and work in a low paying job in countries like the us , spain or japan for a year , then report back to us how shitty conditions are in germany . 
  you should try to live in another country for some time , it would give you a much needed reality check on your opinion about the quality of life in germany . 
  there are still dozens of other civilized countries between eritrea and norway , his point still stands . 
  well they hired competent help in the form of goldman sachs . 
  the amount of criminal energy present in the greek elites still baffles me . 
  but what happens if the other guy purposefully cooks his books to make it seem like he could pay ? 
  on the main street of brighton is where i saw this a few times . 
  it was usually in the evening when the outside weather was shit . 
  brighton has loads of homeless people though . 
  i 've also seen this in a kfc in brighton , so it 's not just a mcdonalds thing . 
  i also recall this happening in london in the east end . 
  i went to mcdonalds maybe 3 times a week when i was there ( cheaper than most other food venues in south england . 
  that 's what happens when previous generations borrowed money like a crack junkie and did n't invest it in something useful . 
  i 've spent about 6 months of my life in england ( london and brighton ) and have seen this happen several times, 
  [ gerhard schr\u00f6der did the same :-) ] ( http://img01.lachschon.de/images/stratocaster-1118849348.jpg ) ( sorry for the shitty picture quality ), 
   and considering the utter reluctance of european nations to pass even the most basic regulations against tax evasion at a european level are you seriously implying that other european states are responsible for tax evasion committed by greek citizens ? 
   syriza has managed to not only create a blueprint of massive reforms against oligrachy and corruption but have stopped the firesale privitizations lol , greece has started the sale of the pir\u00e4us harbor again , the firesale is still going on ( as it should , it should be obvious that a nation should sell its own assets before it starts to borrow and beg from other nations ) . 
  and syriza is doing fuck all to fight the oligarchs . 
  switzerland offered athens help to identify bank accounts from greek oligarchs that were hiding money in switzerland and tsipras government is n't doing anything about it . 
  good luck with your economic war , you must be clinically insane to still think that your countrys government is holding any cards . 
  and your government went from lap-dog to rabies infested mad dog ... 
  syriza put greece in a much worse position than they were a hundred days ago . 
  at the beginning of the year there were many european politicians and countries that would have agreed to less austerity and different conditions for greece . 
  now varoufakis and tsipras have angered everyone to the point that greece now stands utterly alone against the rest of the continent . 
  they fucked up , and the greek people are gon na pay the price for it . 
  if tsipras had come to brussels after his election and had announced `` hey guys , i am the new head of greece and you might have a bad first impression from the anti-austerity campaign i waged to win my election . 
  but now lets get down business , everyone compromise a little and we make a deal everyone can live with and present to his electorate at home without shame '' it could have worked . 
  instead he send varoufakis , who stormed in like a bull in a china shop and managed to piss off even the countries that were sympathetic to greece . 
  and they committed the worst mistake possible , they tried to unite the eurozone against germany . 
  [ this sums up the situation nicely . 
  ] ( http://en.enikos.gr/images/resized/590_2a8aac60948da49d3cf44376176cef55.jpg ), 
   in almost every way , syriza has brought the opposite of what it promised . 
  it vowed an end to depression in greece . 
  instead , growth has slumped . 
  it pledged to end austerity politics in europe , but has done more to embolden its advocates than any german could have hoped . 
  it promised to jettison the bad habits of old parties , and seems instead to have acquired them . 
  back at the athens museum , perusing a catalogue of his philhellenic collection , mr varkarakis is downbeat . 
  `` two hundred years ago , everyone loved greece , '' he says . 
  `` now ... '' his voice trails off . 
  france . 
  awesome , friendly people with a great sense of hospitality . 
  beautiful countryside , great food and incredible cultural history . 
  fuck the parisiens though ( but i think many frenchmen would agree on that statement :-) ), 
  how exactly is it the uks problem that other countries that sweden thinks it 's a good idea to open the gates and let everyone in ? 
  i went to the lofoten last year and was a little surprised to see a big group of somalis there , norway truly takes the equal distribution thing seriously, 
  less corrupt than the previous government , but even less competent, 
  beerfest is rather accurate :-), 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/ireland-set-to-become-fastest-growing-eu-economy-1.1987352 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/sep/18/ireland-economy-growth-european-union http://www.dw.de/ireland-boasts-fastest-growing-economy-in-eu/a-18310612 ireland is doing good , do n't ignore the facts just because they do n't fit syrizas worldview that austerity does n't work . 
  it does work , but only if the country gets ist shit together , the population pays taxes and investors are n't scared off by a stupid pissing contest with the troika that greece can never win . 
  they sure worked for ireland , but the irish pay their taxes and do n't scare off investors by pissing off the troika 24/7, 
  otto stopped being funny long before 1997, 
  that guy is the patron saint of smokers everywhere :-), 
  ask the argentinians how well they 've been doing over the last decade . 
  so because a malaysian airliner originating from amsterdam was shot down by pro-russian rebels in eastern ukraine ... it is somehow now germanys fault because they had intel that war zone stuff was going on in a war zone ? 
  du you really wan na use `` omg greece will start the 4th reich if we do n't stop austerity '' as a serious argument ? 
  fun fact : no one is forcing greece to do anything . 
  they can default tomorrow if they 'd like to , but if they wan na keep receiving money from their neighbours there are some rules attached . 
  they can be whatever they want , but if they need other people 's money for it they should accept the fact that there are conditions attached . 
  if the troika tells greece what to do people complain that greece lost sovereignty , if they do n't then people ask `` why did n't the troika make them do xyz ? 
  '' , what 's it gon na be ? 
   that one happened because the books where cooked by a certain number of american-led ( and european too ) investments fund . 
  i love how you shift the blame away from the greek government ( and thus the greek people who elected them ), 
  i love how you evade simple questions . 
  he asked a really straightforward question and you change the topic by going on an endless rant that has little to do with what he wanted to know . 
  it 's really simple to answer that one : 90 % blame for greece ( they wasted the money they borrowed , their citizens seem unable to pay taxes like proper first world citizens ) , 10 % other eurozone members ( we should have mistrusted greece from the beginning and not allow them in with cooked books in the first place ), 
   maybe you should band together to refuse paying him maybe a decent country would not enter debt it can not pay back . 
  it might be my german mentality , but for me its unthinkable to take a loan and then simply refuse to pay it back while also insulting the guy who gave it to me , especially if i wasted it for bullshit like olympic games and one of the most expensive armies in the world . 
  some food for thought so you may get your head out of your ass : http://www.grreporter.info/en/tsipras_and_varoufakis_failed_due_arrogance/12415 personally my opinion of bailouts and aid for greece has shifted from `` sure , give em some money so they can solve their shit , as long as they pay us back later '' to `` ca n't wait for these crooks to exit the euro so my government can focus on dealing with more important things again '' electing syriza was the pinnacle of a long series of retarded decisions made by the greece electorate over the last few decades . 
  greece has been utterly uncooperative ever since syriza took power . 
  they do n't grant full access to their books to the troika , something that was agreed upon and which was an absolutely unnegotiable condition . 
  now the people sent to athens to have a proper look at their books are rolling their thumbs in their hotel rooms while syriza keeps stalling negotiations by making a fuzz about trivial nonsense like calling the troika `` the institutions '' . 
  the greek ministers show up to vital meetings utterly unprepared and then start to derail the discussion instantly by reading out weird manifestos . 
  then they proceed to anger germany , one of the most important players in all of this , by demanding war reparations at the worst possible moment , in a matter and tone that made even the most understanding and compassionate german angry . 
  the cherry on top of the cake is the bizarre greek victim complex . 
  everyone but the fine , tax paying citizens of greece seem to be at fault for this mess . 
  and guys like you really wonder why we are fed up with all the bullshit coming from athens . 
  tsipras and varoufakis are indeed gambling right now . 
  the troika is demanding some serious reforms and greece keeps stalling those reforms because they assume that the rest of the eurozone will rather keep financing their failed state instead of risking a grexit . 
  they are betting on the fact that no european politician wants to shoulder the blame for it . 
  syriza knows that they 'll lose the next election if they have to implement those reforms , but they underestimated the fact that other european nations also have voters that hold their elected officials responsible for their actions . 
  there is a proverb for this in germany : `` die rechnung ohne den wirt machen ''  `` calculating the bill without the barkeeper '', 
  not much , only some of the commanding officers got truly in trouble for shooting people at the wall . 
  that wall inside germany sure lowered the number of immigrants by a huge margin . 
  that nazi concentration camps were worse than the humanitarian aid australia provides to foreigners it has no obligation to whatsoever . 
  fun fact : people ended up in nazi camps against their will and without moving from their homeland first .
