  i am sick of all this whining about the current partys and their policies , if you do n't like it start your own political movement or shut up . 
  it 's not like britain is sharing our vision at all . 
  the problem is that britain demands special conditions and different treatment on a myriad of issues . 
  this bullshit started under thatcher and is absolutely contrary to the idea of the union . 
  you can either try to work together more closely with the rest of the eu ( and by doing so actually have a say on things ) or you can choose your own path on every single issue . 
  both together wo n't happen . 
  the continent sees britain as the constant blockader and is getting tired of it . 
  either you follow the same rules as everyone else or you wo n't , but this constant demand for special treatment is ridiculous . 
  we are a union , we have elected european officials working together in the various eu institutions and if you do n't like the decisions made by the elected majorities in those institutions feel free to leave . 
  sweden and denmark usually join in with the other union countries , it 's only you guys who constantly bitch and moan about stuff the other 26 countries , or at least a vast majority of them , agree upon . 
  nobody is forcing you to integrate . 
  feel free to leave the eu , good luck with that , you gon na need it . 
  it 's not one country dictating terms to everyone else , usually it 's the majority of the eu agreeing on something while britain screams `` but we want special treatment ! '', 
  like a spoiled little child . 
  and you are the only guys who still have real `` national borders '' , the rest of us started something called the schengen agreement a long time ago and got rewarded by not having to present a passport while moving across the continent and being allowed to live and work everywhere inside the eu no matter which european country we call home . 
  and i believe many of the people in britain oppose the eu because they are not aware of the benefits that open markets and european integration brought them . 
  your economy will get stomped even more once you leave our little trade union . 
  you guys still seem to think that you are the british empire , while being totally oblivious to the fact that china , india , russia , the us and just about everyone else does not give two shits about some little islands in the atlantic to the west of europe . 
  only if we stand and speak and act together as a united continent we will still have a decent chance to play a major role in this world . 
  and britain will lose every say they have even in european matters if they leave the union . 
  cameron will go down in history as the man who took the last bit of britains power and influence in the world through sheer stupidity and fear for his reelection if britain leaves the eu . 
  now i feel rather dumb , thanks for pointing this out :-), 
  so according to your logic the people should be allowed to stay up to date with their weapons . 
  why do n't americans advocate for grenades , mortars and hellfire missiles for every private citizen ? 
  hint : because it 's way too much killing capacity for a private citizen , same goes for a rifle that can kill a people in a few seconds . 
  our way of setting up checks and balances is to divide power equally between judicative , legislative and executive branch . 
  works fine without 12000 citizens getting shot each year . 
  and i still wonder how a bunch of rednecks with rifles are gon na fight a government armed with drones , tanks , nukes and fighter jets . 
  the taliban had some success doing that , but only because nato still sticks to some rules of civilized warfare . 
  i really doubt that these rules still apply when an armed revolt against a hypothetical dictator closes in on washington dc . 
  this is the real world , not red dawn part 3 . 
  what the hell is with the lady riding the cow through the north atlantic ? 
  how about we compare the gun murder rates and overall murder rates ? 
  i dare you , mister divineking, 
  i do n't know how you do it in the netherlands , but over here in germany our elected government parties all stand for a strong european integration and clearly said so before being elected . 
  they then received the majority of the votes . 
  so most of my countrymen agreed that this was the way they wanted it , i call that democratic . 
  the elections in lower saxony and the resulting fallout for german politics , as we are at the beginning of a `` superwahljahr ''  `` super election year '' . 
  many german states have elections coming up , as well as federal elections in september . 
  merkels coalition just lost another state ( lower saxony ) to the opposition , and it was pretty dramatic because the former opposition took it with 1 seat more than the coalition . 
  also , the bundesliga started again on friday , my life has meaning again :-), 
  ireland is on a very good path again , they started paying back their bailout money already , why on earth would they wan na follow greece anywhere ? 
  na , we just take mallorca from the spanish as payment for all these bailouts instead , it 's occupied by germans all the time anyway and shall serve as our 17th state :-), 
  a crime to sell weapons to greece and turkey ? 
  are you insane ? 
  both are fellow nato members , what on earth is wrong with selling arms to members of your very own defense alliance ? 
  and israel is the only functioning democracy in the region ( well , apart from turkey if you count them as part of that region , but i covered turkey above ) , so why would n't we sell guns to our democratic ally who is surrounded by mortal enemies on all sides ? 
  oh , and i take egypt under mubarak over egypt governed by the muslim brotherhood any day of the week , at least he was n't trying to impose sharia law on his people . 
  like a wise man said before me : `` he 's a son of a bitch , but he 's our son of a bitch '', 
  of course there are valid arguments to export outside of the eu , because we have many allies that are not within european union borders . 
  japan is a close ally , so is australia , south korea , israel , turkey , india and many more . 
  why should n't we sell our technology to them if they are our allies ? 
  if we want to be a global player we better help out our allies defend themselves , and defend our own global interests in the process . 
  you should read the laudatio again , this is about european states not invading each other 24/7 any more , and name a single country on earth that has an advanced arms industry and does not sell weapons to conflict zones . 
  cornelia scheel from the green party is the partner of hella von sinnen ;-) but i agree , there is still lots of work ahead of us towards a truly tolerant society , but we are making progress . 
  some more prominent german lesbians are tv moderator anne will and her girlfriend professor miriam meckel , tv moderator vera int-veen , `` tatort '' actress ulrike folkerts and ex-no angels member lucy, 
  innovation was always a strength of my people , though japan is ahead of us still :-), 
  which in turn is possible because it 's pretty much accepted to be gay and there are only few taboos in our pornography, 
  because homosexuals are tolerated in most parts of germany and we have a really big gay scene in most major cities . 
  go to the berghain in berlin and tell me if this could take place in most other countries in the world :-) also , our foreign secretary and former vice chancellor is openly gay , the mayor of our capital is openly gay , the former mayor of hamburg is openly gay etc. 
  it 's funny , every time there is some big international conference , like wto or g8 , there is usually some `` first lady entertainment program '' where all the wives of the secretaries and presidents and chancellors get to do some sight seeing . 
  germany , with a female chancellor and a gay foreign secretary , always crashes that ladies night with two guys :-) . 
  nice to see the french calling us their best friends , the feeling is mutual :-) people always try to stir up shit with our war history , but the reality is that very few countries in the world work as closely together as france and germany ( much to the dismay of our friends in england ) . 
  that 's one of the main reasons why the eu won the nobel peace price this year . 
  war between germany and france is utterly unthinkable nowadays , if that is n't worthy of a peace price i do n't know what is . 
  the modern d\u00f6ner kebab as we know it was first made by turkish immigrants in berlin in the 1960 's , it 's our second national dish in germany , right next to the almighty currywurst :-), 
  i do n't see golden dawn-like pvv terror squads hunting down immigrants in amsterdam or anarchists burning down government buildings in den haag, 
  it 's part of the name for sure , but in my opinion it was west of the iron curtain and thus is part of what i 'd call western europe . 
  you are talking about specific subsects of islam , christianity has these extremist shitheads as well ( the southern half of the united states is filled with them ) , and they get to built mega churches and no one complains . 
  just because a very tiny percentage of muslims are terrorists that means the rest of them should n't be allowed to build mosques in the countries they work and live in ? 
  fuck that !, 
  everyone puts austria into the eastern europe section , am i the only one that clearly views them as part of ( cultural ) western europe ? 
  have you ever heard of this thing called `` freedom of religion '' ? 
  i am from frankfurt , banking capital of germany and the dudes who worship money are allowed to build 400 meter skyscrapers , why should n't muslims be allowed to build a big mosque too ? 
  have you ever been here ? 
  we do n't even have enough mosques to fit 5 % of our population in them . 
  east germany has church attendance under 7 % nowadays and is considered the most atheist place on earth . 
  they have to `` import '' more and more priests from africa nowadays because nobody wants to become a priest or minister around here anymore :-), 
  it 's a derogatory term thats generally also being used for just about everyone thats from romania and the surrounding area and is living in poor conditions , be they mobile or not . 
  it is , but mem is german police slang for them . 
  also , another interesting fact : the term `` zigeuner '' is actually being used , for example , the counterpart to `` anti-semitic '' is `` anti-zigan '' , not `` anti-roma or anti-sinti '', 
  gypsy ? 
  around here in germany the correct term is mem , mobile ethnic minority . 
  i stand corrected :-) an austrian friend once told me that austrian tv usually only broadcasts 1-3 because 4 is too vicious towards the germans :-) and i loved the first part , piefkes and schluchtenscheisser agreeing that they both do n't like the douche from vienna, 
  it 's not only the better technology , it 's the education to use , understand and evolve that technology . 
  there 's a reason why we outsource call centers and line manufacturing , but not entire r&d departments . 
  no one ever claimed that indians work less , but as you pointed out they generate less value with the same amount of time/work , thus the market rewards them with less money . 
  i agree 100 % , did my post come across as claiming otherwise ? 
  good point , your translation is indeed more accurate , have an upvote :-), 
  augstein is not just some journalist . 
  his father founded the `` spiegel '' , and he and his siblings hold a big part of the publishing house till this day . 
  he also runs `` der freitag '' , has his own tv show and regularly appears all over german media . 
  and it 's interesting to note that even his opponents defend him right now , most of germany ( except hendryk m. broder ) thinks these accusations are completely insane . 
  dude , the amount of money i have spend on the dutch food industry alone due to munchies would probably be enough to save half of greece . 
  they themselves proclaimed to be the `` partei der besserverdienenden ''  `` party of the higher incomes '' . 
  stuff like that does n't fare well with the majority of the voting population . 
  our citizens are not quite as stupid as americans who keep voting for the gop without even coming close to the income to directly profit from their policies , thus the fdp is in the shitter . 
  it also does n't help that `` onkel ho '' philipp r\u00f6\u00dfler is considered a joke even among his own party . 
  our tv industry is ridiculously bad , considering how big it is . 
  the only thing we do really well is mini series .
