  it is a very safe city when it comes to violent crime like rape and murder . 
  my country is doing fine . 
  you have to live under a trump presidency for the next few years . 
  we have a quantum physicist leading our country , not a racist reality show star . 
  good luck to you and your countrymen , you guys are gon na need it . 
  your manners say a lot about you . 
  and trump proves that you do n't have to be a decent human being to make a lot of money . 
  i was convinced that fascist parties like the fn depend on stupid supporters way before i ever read that bbc article, 
  the few front nationale supporters i know are pretty stupid people , so i stand by my comment, 
  the truth hurts , does n't it, 
  if 2016 taught us one thing it 's that fascists love the poorly educated, 
  yes you actually did just imply that all refugees are like this just a few posts ago  it 's normal for them , they bring their inhuman `` morals '' and habits to germany, 
  that 's an austrian face, 
  how exactly does a `` german face '' look like in your opinion ? 
  fun fact : over here in germany many people had exactly the same prejudices against your countrymen when the wall came down . 
  turns out those prejudices were bullshit and we get along pretty well . 
  funny statement right after you implied that you know perfectly well what the majority of muslims think about sharia law, 
  it all makes sense now :-), 
  this is reddit , everyone is a judge here :-), 
  it 's the opposite over here in germany . 
  merkel is only the 8th chancellor since the war ended . 
  20 years is not old for fighter jets, 
  germany does not extradite if the death sentence is on the table though, 
  fun fact : the south african air force was involved in the uprising , while the soviet army was not, 
  merkel voted against same sex marriage , as did many cdu representatives . 
  all she did was allowing her own party to ignore \u201e coalition discipline `` ( aka voting along party policy lines ) and instead freely vote according to their conscience and personal opinion on the matter . 
  which resulted in a clear win for the gay marriage supporters in parliament and accurately reflects public opinion on the matter in germany . 
  frankfurt native reporting in , mainhattan represent :-) one of the greatest cities on earth , and imho one of the most egalitarian places in the world . 
  only in frankfurt will you see someone living on welfare sitting right next to a banker and a tourist at the local bar . 
  the fdp also proposed yesterday that homosexual marriage is the sine qua non of their coalition demands . 
  and cdu-greens works fine in schleswig holstein and hessen, 
  a cdu greens coalition or jamaica , aka cdu , greens and fdp are also possible, 
  she is as popular as ever over here in germany right now . 
  the question is n't if she is gon na win the next election but who she will pick as junior coalition partner the whole `` refugee crisis '' thing that is also being completely blown out of proportion by parts of the media , germany is doing fine . 
  i say all this as a lifelong spd voter btw , merkel is one of the best chancellors this country has ever had . 
  cheesy is common slang among young germans for the small cheeseburger mcdonald 's sells, 
  if throwback single punch should count as attempted murder then a quarter of the world population would be in jail you idiot, 
  i have punched people before without intending to murder them . 
  i am pretty sure i am not alone in that regard . 
  fun fact : the german chancellor gets paid about 14.000 euros per month as salary . 
  that 's rather low for the responsibility and workload of that job imho . 
  and it 's still enough to afford lots of new jackets every year . 
  her husband is also a world class scientist and college professor whose salary probably allows him to gift her a few of those jackets from time to time without going into debt . 
  merkel is also widely regarded as not being interested in expensive things , she is n't exactly living the trump lifestyle . 
  read up on this stuff a little more and come back when you are ready to have a serious discussion about this whole issue, 
  you seriously lack knowledge about the entire topic . 
  it was absolutely clear to people volunteering to work as guards in auschwitz that this was a facility where jews , homosexuals , disabled people , gypsies and other groups went to get murdered . 
  my german grandmother and granduncle both made it pretty clear that most germans had a pretty good idea what went on in these camps, 
  they ca n't give you an order st auschwitz if you did n't volunteer to work there . 
  they drafted people into the wehrmacht and volkssturm against their will , but totenkopf ss members working st auschwitz knew exactly what they voluntarily signed up for . 
  you really need to read up on the entire matter if you believe all the nonsense you are posting, 
  that 's a complete lie . 
  the nazis did n't force german citizens to work in auschwitz . 
  people volunteered for those jobs . 
  stop spreading misinformation , it 's ridiculous and makes you look like an apologist for the cunts that worked in auschwitz . 
  no he would n't . 
  it 's a well established fact that the nazis did n't force ethnic germans to work in the death camps , they found enough volunteers . 
  people like the guy this article is about . 
  if you do n't believe that working as a guard at a nazi death camp should n't be punished then you too are completely insane . 
  are you crazy ? 
  voting for trump definitely makes one a radical . 
  stop the `` establishment '' bullshit . 
  a decent person would not have voted for trump after seeing his campaign in action . 
  the eu has a long running and highly successful space program . 
  esa has been shooting satellites into space before most people involved in spacex were even born . 
  correct . 
  tom clancy used the term one-screwdriver-away for those nations , as most european countries possess the ressources and know how to build working nuclear weapons really quickly if needed . 
  same goes for chemical weapons . 
  if a nation has even a midsize chemical industry and knows how to build rockets then they have all they need to build effective wmds . 
  the nazis in germany were responsible for lots of animal rights protection laws as well . 
  many of those laws are still in effect in modern day germany . 
  so nature loving nazis is nothing new . 
  they follow my definition of culture , they broadcast live from the wacken open air each year :-) awesome channel , fantastic project, 
  went there last year , awesome place . 
  the way its lit up at night is magnificent . 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  my point is that no one forces non-german europeans to import more stuff from germany than they export in return . 
  if people are unhappy with the current situation then they can stop buying german stuff . 
  but it sure is n't germanys problem that everyone keeps buying german stuff . 
  fun fact : if those banks went bankrupt they would have taken shitloads of retirement funds and other savings from private citizens down with them . 
  good luck explaining that to the average voter . 
  we did n't save those banks for shits and giggles . 
  finally , i still do n't understand why it is somehow germanys fault that everyone else buys more stuff from germany than they export in return . 
  how about everyone else mans the fuck up and starts producing products of higher quality . 
  nobody stops an immigrant in the us to be loyal to his home country either . 
  your comment is just about the most retarded thing i 've read all week . 
  free countries do n't tell their people who they have to be loyal to . 
  we can really toughen up our sanctions though . 
  it 's also about time to go all in with renewable energy to become independent of russian gas . 
  i have no quarrel with the common people of russia , but we ca n't tolerate these assaults on our democracies any longer . 
  is that a serious question ? 
  fun fact : the ratio of turks per consulate is very different in germany compared to austria . 
  it 's a logistical nightmare to give all turks in germany a chance to vote if only consulates and embassies may be used . 
  they do n't , as the embassies and consulates are n't really considered to be german territory . 
  but during the last referendum vote they had booths set up all over the country in all kinds of places to make it possible for the millions of eligible voters to be able to cast their votes . 
  restricting it to just embassies and consulates makes it just about impossible to have a proper vote . 
  german would be the most logical choice as it has the highest number of native speakers in the eu . 
  read the article . 
  obviously germany wo n't stop turks living in germany from taking a plane to turkey , vote there and then fly back . 
  but there wo n't be voting booths in germany .
