  because if syriza and the greeks get away with blackmailing and extorting the ez now there is nothing to stop the portuguese , the spaniards and other countries to try the same . 
  what greece is trying right now is a slap to the face of all the countries who underwent austerity measures and stuck with the program . 
  i think tsipras and putin are a perfect match for each other . 
  russia can pick up their tab if they want to , but somehow i doubt even good old vladimir has the cash and the will to finance greece in the long run . 
  i think you severely underestimate the negative impact a grexit will have on the average greek . 
  most people agree that a grexit will most likely also mean that they have to leave the eu and that is what will really mess with their economy . 
  tsipras enjoys such high ratings because the grexit has n't happened yet . 
  wait for the polls a year after the grexit happened , they 'll look very different . 
  then greece has to exit . 
  syriza seems to forget that other european governments also received clear orders from their people . 
  the order not to turn this into a transfer union being one . 
  i 'd blame syrizas conduct on stubbornness and lack of experience rather than maliciousness , but the end result will be the same for the average greek . 
  the really interesting part will be the reaction of the greek people when the grexit happens and they realize that syriza managed to fuck up their nations future in a matter of months . 
  if that was my government i 'd start assembling the first guillotine in my backyard right about now . 
  do n't try to steal other peoples shit and they wo n't try to beat you up in return . 
  it 's a rather simple concept that everyone should be able to understand . 
   occupancy rates for holiday room and apartment rentals have posted a decline in the first few months of this tourism season that reaches up to 50 percent in some areas , due to the drop in demand recorded throughout the period that the syriza-led government has been locked in negotiations with the country 's creditors , as well as the increase in the phenomenon of illegal accommodation, 
   last week the mood became more febrile as it emerged that eurocrats , for the first time , had debated the possibility of cash-starved athens defaulting . 
  the revelation came amid reports that germany 's chancellor , angela merkel , was resigned to letting greece go . 
  berlin is by far the biggest contributor to the $ 240bn bailout propping up the near-bankrupt state . 
  last week , the eu council president , donald tusk , ratcheted up the pressure , warning : `` there is no more time for gambling . 
  the day is coming , i am afraid , that someone says the game is over . '' i think the grexit is imminent , the chicken game went on for too long and two more weeks in june is too short to get all the involved parliaments to agree to a plan , even if tsipras folds right now and agrees to stick to the plan . 
  https://www.reddit.com/user/heiminator/ knock yourself out, 
  why would you try to curb tourism while your country is recovering from an economic crisis ? 
  wrong . 
  greek economic indicators were finally starting to face upwards at the end of 2014 . 
  the light at the end of the tunnel was in sight . 
  then syriza came , antagonised everyone and created a climate of uncertainty that nobody wanted to invest in . 
  now their slight recovery is void again , the entire eurozone stands united against greece and we are witnessing the final round of the blame game before the grexit happens . 
  i doubt that this is what greek voters wanted but that 's what they got for electing an ultra left wing party with no experience in how to run a country . 
  they gambled hard so they could keep their wildly unrealistic election promises and it seems that this gamble is about to backfire really hard . 
  working relations between nations are impossible to maintain if signed contracts between countried are void everytime someone holds an election somewhere . 
  pacta sunt servanda is a vitally important principle . 
  exactly . 
  that 's what most people who try to bash her do n't realize . 
  she 's trying hard to keep greece in and she 's fighting politicians from her own party over this . 
  quite a few cdu politicians made it clear that they wo n't support another round of bailouts nor other forms of financial support for greece . 
  and syrizas tone towards the troika makes it harder for her each day to convince her people that keeping greece in and continuing to help them are a good idea . 
  so everyone else should keep financing greece indefinitely because greece made some laws that say that every greek deserves a certain standard of living . 
  right ... nice try , i think i 'll try to amend the german constitution to include a right for every german to retire at 55 with full pay and oblige everyone else around us to pay for it . 
  you can hand out stuff to your population if you want to , but here in the real world you got ta be able to pay for it as well . 
  if you are so sure about this then unfortunately you and your country are in for one hell of a surprise . 
  the real world has rules , and they also apply to greece . 
  and you are right , comparing argentina and greece is n't fair , because unlike greece argentina has at least a semifunctioning industry and export economy . 
  they were n't nearly as fucked as you guys are gon na be when the grexit happens . 
  and the careless and childish way in which you throw the term nazi around shows a lack of respect for the victims of the holocaust that makes me sad . 
  what are you , 12 years old ? 
  argue like a grownup please . 
  and in case you do n't know , oil and gas imports are kind of important for a country . 
  you should ask the argentinian people how well this approach works . 
  they defaulted a decade ago and still have their shit taken from them by hedgefonds that own their debt . 
  and a country that relies on imports as much as greece does should be extremely careful with that `` you got ta come and take it from us '' thinking . 
  if you think that greece has it bad now just wait until prices for stuff like insulin have to suddenly be paid in cash upfront because no one trusts greece to pay anymore . 
  failed state is the term you are looking for here mate . 
  we do n't need to send an army to come and take it , we use lawyers for that purpose nowadays . 
  the faz is my daily newspaper , not bild , but thanks for asking mate . 
  i respect your opinion and love you too , random internet person :-) . 
  if you start with `` please do n't ask me for sources '' i have to assume you do n't have any . 
  so post them or shut up . 
  at least we paid for these broomsticks with our own money ;-), 
  if you have to take loans you ca n't repay to fulfill your nato obligations then other people are paying the tab for your obligations . 
  kinda silly to try to take the honor for that do n't you think ? 
  greece spends so much on the military because it 's run by paranoid idiots . 
  your neighbor turkey that you guys are so afraid of is a goddamn nato ally . 
  you really seem to have an optimistic outlook on greeces economy . 
  greece has massive structural problems that prevent it from keeping up with the rest of the ez . 
  that 's why there were entry criteria to the ez , but greece lied and cheated its way in and thus created the mess they are in now . 
  the grexit will reset the ez to how it was supposed to be in the first place . 
  and syriza is the party that shows a severe lack of understanding here . 
  there been many complaints from brussels about the amateurish way syriza is conducting itself in the negotiations . 
  varoufakis often seems utterly unprepared for meetings , and he 's just the most prominent example . 
  your first paragraph is where you got it wrong . 
  the ez was explicitly not to be a transfer union . 
  thats how the rules were written and thats what every country agreed to . 
  if they do n't like it then maybe they should n't have agreed to enter such a union . 
  and i prefer a grexit without letting greece off the hook concerning their debt . 
  they 'll have to work a lot harder if they want to pay everyone back in euro when they themselves are only using worthlesl drachma , but that is not my problem . 
  the thing is that i would not concern myself much with your country if your country was n't trying to rip everyone who loaned them money off . 
  ireland and portugal appreciated the help that given to them and are good proof that austerity works just fine . 
  there 's a reason why these debates are so heated , and the reason is that your government does n't give a shit about contracts and agreements and you guys defend it and try to give us shit when we point out why thats unfair . 
  playing hardball means them trying to weasel out of their debt . 
  they are trying to rip the creditors off , thats called fraud where i live . 
  any party that does respect contracts and agreements and does not want to cheat the troika is a better party than syriza . 
  it 's more like two cancer patients getting the same medicine and treatment but one of them keeps smoking and drinking and bitches that the therapy does n't work . 
  and when the doctor tells him he should change his lifestyle he instead goes to his syriza faith healer to drink his medicine and then wonders why it is n't working . 
  and what about the only a greek part ? 
  i 've yet to be insulted by irish or portuguese people on this subreddit for financing their bailouts with my taxes . 
  so it remains `` only a greek '' . 
  i do n't care what to do with them , i just do n't want to have to pay for their choices and mistakes . 
  that sums up my attitude towards the whole greek crisis . 
  they can do whatever they want , run their country however they want , spend their money however they want as long as i do n't have to pick up the tab for it . 
  if they want to retire at 55 thats their problem , but they ca n't expect me to work till 67 and then have my taxes being used to bail their country out because their own pension system is eating away 15 % of their gdp ( a ridiculous amount compared to other western nations ) . 
  there 's lots of leftwing football ultras and hools out there . 
  many firms are explicitly leftwing . 
  you had your chance to get your shit together , and it started working in 2014 ( http://www.newsmax.com/world/globaltalk/greek-govt-economy-euro/2015/04/01/id/635761/ ) , but unlike ireland and portugal your country decided to abort the austerity measures halway and elect a bunch of clowns who proceeded to mess it all up and antagonize everyone . 
  and portugal is much better off than greece nowadays , because austerity works . 
  the troika likes to stick to the plan because portugal and ireland showed that it was working . 
  even greece started to turn around in 2014 ( http://www.newsmax.com/world/globaltalk/greek-govt-economy-euro/2015/04/01/id/635761/ ) but then syriza came around ... 
  wrong . 
  http://www.newsmax.com/world/globaltalk/greek-govt-economy-euro/2015/04/01/id/635761/ your economy had made a turn for the better , then greece decided it would be a fantastic idea to let a bunch of amateur socialists try their hardest to fuck it all up again .
