  http://www.rundschau-online.de/region/koeln/unruhige-silvesternacht-in-koeln-frauen-am-hauptbahnhof-belaestigt---beinahe-massenpanik-am-dom-23450094 that article was posted on the evening of january 1 . 
  all nationwide , well-known newspapers . 
  i wish people would refer to other sources besides / r/europe and / r/worldnews to inform themselves . 
  it would make for much more reasonable debates . 
  protip : open google , go to search options , select time span jan 1-jan 2 and search for `` k\u00f6ln \u00dcbergriffe '' to see how retarded that claim about a media blackout really is . 
  german press did n't report it at first because the cologne police department did n't issue a press release about the issue . 
  cologne was headline news all over germany on january 2 , 48 hours after the events of nye , even though no one was working in this country in january 1 . 
  do you even speak any german ? 
  because i 'd consider that an requirement to properly comment about german media . 
  keep dreaming :-), 
  calculating how much beer you can buy with your next hartz 4 check is not `` studying economics '', 
  you do realize that other parties need to be willing to cooperate with your little protest party for you guys to achieve anything ? 
  tell me , who will cooperate with the afd ? 
  unlike your bunch of racist losers my party will actually participate in government coalitions after today 's elections . 
  you 'll fade and slowly vanish into obscurity really quick :-), 
  spd voter here :-) . 
  and i doubt that you have the slightest idea what a communist is . 
  deal with it , you and your afd nazi friends are a minority , nothing more , and you 'll fade into obscurity very quickly right where you belong :-), 
  such a party exists . 
  it is called alfa and was founded by the former head of the afd , bernd lucke , who left the afd after it went off the racist deep end completely . 
  they received less than 0,5 % in all the elections they have participated in . 
  so you need to reevaluate the way you are seeing the situation . 
  80 % of voters voted for merkels party or party 's to the left of it . 
  right wing parties remain a small minority with no chance whatsoever to enter a government coalition because everyone else refuses to cooperate with those fucks . 
  r/europe is butthurt because yet again politics in the real world have nothing to do with the political preferences of this sub . 
  the afd is a racist party whose program is straight out of the 1950 's . 
  get your head out of your ass just for once and you 'll realize this . 
  there 'll be no coalitions with the afd because there 's too much decency and responsibility among the other german parties to make a deal with the devil for short term gains . 
  h\u00f6cke and his bunch of nazi cunts have no place in german governments . 
  and 80 % of the voters voted for merkela cdu or parties to the left of it . 
  guys like you are a disgusting minority among german voters , the only minority no civilized person wants in this country . 
  there 'll be another round of elections imho . 
  the spd under schmid is n't stupid enough to fuck over kretschmann like that because they know that voters will slaughter them if they join a coalition with cdu and fdp . 
  here 's what 's gon na happen : kretschmann will invite the cdu as a junior partner into his coalition , the cdu will refuse , kretschmann will then rightfully blame it on the cdu , call for reelections and the voters will punish the cdu for not cooperating with their beloved green head of the state , which will result in enough votes for spd and the greens to form a coalition . 
  these are the first predictions after voting ended , they are usually accurate to within 1 % margin . 
  these results wo n't change much . 
  proving once again how disconnected this sub has become from reality . 
  it 's like reading through r/politics and thinking sanders must surely become the democrat nominee and next president of the us and then getting a reality check once you log off the internet and watch the results of the primaries on tv . 
  got any arguments or was that your surrender in this debate ? 
  people only take that boat ride when staying home is even more dangerous and hopeless . 
  it takes something called empathy to realize this from behind our computer screens, 
   you want unconditional , limitless migration please point out where i said that, 
  citation needed that every refugee family does this, 
  learn how to debate like an adult and we 'll talk again . 
  so if you and your family were on the run from civil war in syria you 'd prefer to stay in a tent in an overcrowded , undersupplied turkish refugee camp instead of trying to make it to a place that might give you a chance to lead a better life ? 
  i am glad i am not related to you then, 
  you disqualify yourself even more with every word you write, 
   f\u00fchrer merkel your tone disqualifies you from reasonable debate . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/02/refugees-welcome-uk-germany-compare-migration britain claimed they `` took in '' 5000 syrian refugees last year and conveniently forgot to mention that most of them have been living on uk soil for years already . 
   and how many of them are actual refugees , and not just migrants ? 
  i 'd say very few citation needed  and what better term is there to describe someone who wants a country to take on more refugees than their system can handle ? 
  who says germanys has reached its limit ? 
  we took in millions of refugees during the balkan wars in the early nineties , and that was just after reunicifation , which already put a massive strain on our ressources , and in the end we did perfectly fine . 
  because unlike you we prefer to man up when our fellow humans are in need of help instead of retreating unto our island and putting up walls everywhere . 
  you just say `` fuck em all , we wo n't help '' and instead of shutting up you then proceed to insult people like me who actually give a fuck about other human beings in need of help . 
  millions of people are on the run from war , terror and persecution and all you do is insult people like me who actually try to help as `` bleeding hearts '' . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  what has the rest of the eu done ??? 
  over here in germany we have already taken in more refugees than you claim is too much for britain . 
  tiny lebanon with its 6 million citizens has taken in more refugees than the entire uk . 
  and stop the bleeding heart nonsense , it makes you sound like a five year old . 
  how about you guys tax your financial industry a little more to get cash for more housing ? 
  the uk considers itself the pinnacle of first world nations . 
  the number of refugees they 've taken in so far is really low ( same with the us ) . 
   so far it 's only the uk that has put any real effort into fixing this issue that 's a ridiculous misrepresentation of facts, 
  because the number of refugees britain will allow in through this method will be laughable . 
  do n't fool yourself , it 's an easy way out for the uk because they can say `` oh , but we are giving them a legal way to come here '' while knowing full-well that most of the refugees will never make it past turkey to the uk . 
  i doubt you 'd last a week in an average turkish refugee camp without going insane . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable for those people to try to reach a safe country where they have a real chance to improve life for them and their families . 
  there are families in lebanese refugee camps who have been living there for 3 generations now . 
  what kind of existence is that . 
  what does it do to the kids that grow up there ? 
  who are we to blame these people for trying to reach a place where they might have a future ? 
  the thing is that the number of overall refugees would be quite manageable if all of europe would join forces . 
  syria had 20 million citizens before the war . 
  the eu has 500 million citizens . 
  that 's 4 % of the eu population . 
  if every country would have taken their equal share of refugees we could have taken in all of syria without too much trouble , but as long as some countries are refusing to help at all while germany and a few others have to shoulder the burden this wo n't work . 
  merkel does not `` want them '' , merkel is just human enough to try to do something against the fucked up living conditions the refugees have to endure . 
  people here really seem to believe that people from the middle east are willing to flee to another continent with nothing but a plastic bag in their hand because of a few government handouts in germany . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  those people in the middle east were content with their lives until the syrian war turned their home into a hellhole . 
  because it wo n't stop refugees from trying to reach europe . 
  as long as there 's war and terror in the middle east , refugees will try to cross the border into europe . 
  so now we 'll either let them in anyway ( which makes this whole charade eastern europe is doing right now rather pointless ) or we 'll have to shoot fellow human beings at the border for trying to get to safety from war and persecution . 
  i know everyone here thinks `` let 's build a wall and the problem is solved '' , but as long as the reasons why refugees leave the middle east are still existing ( war , terror , is etc ) , this wo n't stop anyone . 
  which is what merkel has been trying to tell everyone for months now . 
  in germany it 's called `` mundraub ''  `` mouth stealing '' , and if you can prove to the judge that you needed the food for survival it will go unpunished . 
  be aware though that you have a much better chance of getting away with this if you steal bread instead of lobster and champagne . 
  the law was made shortly after ww2 because the churches told the german state that putting people in prison for stealing food they needed to survive was kinda retarted . 
  it 's still in effect today . 
  the trojan is only for tapping internet connections of people already under surveillance for crimes . 
  a judge has to order the usage of the trojan in every single case . 
  it 's not the same as monitoring every citizen 24/7 , its like a court-ordered phone tap for a suspect in an investigation . 
  ( disclaimer : if the government really uses it only for the intented purpose is another matter , but the law says it may only be used with a court order ), 
  ww2 references in politics and satire are n't uncommon at all over here in germany . 
  `` do n't mention the war '' does not apply to germany anymore , and has n't for a long time . 
  we 'll see how happy the average russian is about this development, 
  i see the great chess master putin is at the peak of his game again, 
  and how many murders happened in your country this year already ?
