  q : how many niggers do you need to clean a thousand toilets ? 
  a : none !, 
  it 's womens work !, 
  temptation of forbidden things and all that , same reason why germans do less binge drinking than americans , it 's legal around here to start early and booze is cheap and freely available :-), 
  british kids smoke more weed on average than dutch kids ;-), 
  `` first they came for the communists , but i was not a communist so i did not speak out . 
  then they came for the socialists and the trade unionists , but i was neither , so i did not speak out . 
  then they came for the jews , but i was not a jew so i did not speak out . 
  and when they came for me , there was no one left to speak out for me . '' - dietrich bonhoeffer, 
  you conveniently forgot to mention that being the designated main battle ground for world war iii was part of the deal . 
  germany was n't the only country that received aid through the marshall plan , the only major european nation that did n't receive any aid was spain ( excluding the warsaw pact members of course , the soviets had comecon ) . 
  the us leadership was also convinced that a struggling german economy would severely slow down the economic recovery of the entire continent . 
  a large amount of aid was given to germany precisely so that it could act as the economic engine that would help rebuild the other european countries . 
  the federal republic of germany does not equal the third reich , same as modern day italy does n't equal the roman empire, 
  do n't insult all the hard working sex workers out there by putting them in the same category with merkel . 
  it 's not really war history that is being taught around here ( as in `` this general led his army across this river at that date to take this position '' ) , but all the atrocities surrounding ww2 ( holocaust ) and the events leading up to it ( weimar republic , hyperinflation before the rise of hitler ), 
  yep , germany is basically being governed through text messages , merkel loves her phone :-), 
  we too use vollkoffer over here in germany , also vollpfosten :-), 
  also d\u00fcnnbrettbohrer  someone who only drills really small pieces of wood/board, 
  perle aka pearl is a pretty standard term for ones girlfriend ( at least among lower class people ) around here too :-), 
  the problem is that we ca n't sustain our first world lifestyle forever if we keep allowing unchecked immigration into our social systems . 
  i know this sounds really egoistic and selfish but i want my own countrymen to be taken care of first . 
  if every german enjoys proper welfare or employment , every german schoolchild enjoys free lunch at school and a proper education system etc etc , if all these conditions are met and we still have money left over we can start giving it to other countries/immigrants from other countries , starting with our direct neighbours . 
  german here hartgeldstricher  male whore who works for coins/pocket change t\u00f6rtchenfriedhof  `` cake graveyard '' , nasty term for a really fat person hope this helps :-) bonus racist insult : german police slang for gypsys is `` mem ''  mobile ethnische minderheit aka mobile ethnic minority, 
  yeah , i especially love that the soundtrack orchestra is on screen and basically follows our heroes everywhere :-), 
  [ that they are living god-men ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfnjjrsghxi ) :-) ( from `` underground '' , a masterpiece of serbian filmmaking ), 
  so we got ta use piicgs as a term now ? 
  we should delay them much longer . 
  our union is doing just fine without a shared border with syria and iraq , thank you very much . 
  well to be fair in a fight like that you use whatever insult probably hurts your opponent the most , you do n't have to be a 100 % convinced racist to make racist remarks when you fight someone from another continent . 
  my government does have considerate influence on the direction the eu is taking in these matters , though minister friedrich is a right-wing hardliner who often calls for extreme measures like this to keep his law-and-order party and their voters happy . 
  exactly . 
  if the german mail would announce today that they 'll open up a new office that does nothing but opening peoples letters , copying the contents and then resealing them again there 'd be a revolution tomorrow . 
  but do it with digital data and no one bats an eye . 
  if you are younger than 80 you probably have no association ;-), 
  lots and lots of blunts actually ... 
  that 's piigs , you forgot italy :-), 
  maybe it 's only blocked in the major cities and your friend posted from somewhere far away from istanbul, 
  i know , a models job is to serve as a self-moving coat hanger for expensive clothing :-), 
  the femen girls looked better than the show contestants too :-), 
  that was a well written and elaborate answer , thanks for clarifying these things :-), 
  german here , it 's considered odd , almost rude , to kiss people you just met on the cheeks around here . 
  you hug if they are good friends of your own friends , and you shake hands if they are just random acquaintances in bars/clubs . 
  yeah my country basically shuts down on sundays and after 8 pm on weekdays . 
  you get used to stockpiling groceries in advance , and it has the added advantage that i never , not once in my life , had to work on a sunday :-) . 
  it 's a crazy case of left-leaning unions and conservative churches working together , as the unions want their workers to have a free day on sunday and the churches want people to have free time to go to church on sunday . 
  though to be fair there are some workarounds , you can always buy stuff at gas stations ( kinda expensive ... ) , and many larger train stations , airports and other transport hubs have special licenses to open their built-in supermarkets at night and during the weekend . 
  i was trying to be nice when i told him the harsh truth about his country , at least grillo lost a lot of ground during the recent local elections ( his results were about half of what m5s received during the general elections a few months ago , so at least many italians have finally realized that voting for him was a bad idea for the country ) . 
  ;-) ( yes , that smiley was just for you , have a nice day fellow internet user ), 
  two weeks per year ????? 
  i get five and a half weeks and i still consider that borderline slavery . 
  it 's not even june yet and i have already spend 2,5 weeks on holidays this year . 
  how the fuck do you people let your employers treat you like that ? 
  in case you have n't noticed it 's your two elected clowns grillo and berlusconi that keep your country from being governable ;-), 
  german here , we as a nation are quite opposed to anything nuclear and thus really like the whole `` nuke-free-zone '' thing you got going down there :-) also , awesome landscape ( everyone around here saw that 12 hour national geographic middle-earth special episode ) , peaceful democracy , almost non-understandable english ( at least for us non-native speakers ) crazy awesome dance routines before sport events . 
  and once were warriors was one hell of a good movie !, 
  let 's just say that if tomorrow your country would somehow magically teleport right next to europe we 'd welcome you to the eu in a heartbeat :-), 
  german here , living in frankfurt . 
  i got 50 mbit cable internet ( unitymedia ) , pings for most online games are ridiculously low ( many games host their servers in frankfurt , so sometimes i can play with a single digit ping :-) ) . 
  it costs me 25 euros a month . 
  though if you only get dsl and do n't have access to cable internet its a lot worse around here . 
  speeds then vary between 2 -16 mbit , and the largest german provider , the telekom , has announced that they wan na introduce traffic limits for dsl users , it 's pretty ridiculous and we all hope that no other provider follows them . 
  german here , i can confirm that my country 's version is accurate . 
  if he wins i truly hope that he 'll hold office dressed in drag or his treasure island outfit :-), 
  the whole military aspect is pointless if britain stays in nato , they do n't need to be fellow eu members as long as they still stay within our defense alliance . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_301_ ( turkish_penal_code ), 
  thats not completely true . 
  its a part of the reason , but far from the only one why many germans are sceptic about turkey becoming a member . 
  of the top of my head : - article 301 of the turkish constitution ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_301_ ( turkish_penal_code ) ) is a total no-go for anyone with eu membership aspirations - the whole cyprus situation . 
  protip : do not threaten an existing member of a club you wan na join . 
  - the eu is doing fine without a shared border with iraq and syria , thanks very much - erdogan is shifting the country towards a theocracy and ( radical ) islam is on the rise - turkeys arrogance in certain matters ( they go apeshit over the whole nsu murder trial in germany right now , and rightfully so , but when citizens of turkish descent murder germans , like is the case in the whole jonny k. trial starting in berlin this week , no one from the turkish side gives a shit ), 
  ostalgie is especially prevalent among lower class east germans , quite a few think they were better off in the gdr and want the old times back . 
  the core of that group are people who used to be involved in the old regime . 
  for example it is basically impossible to get any kind of decent job if you were formerly a member of gdr state security ( stasi ) , thus people who had careers in those sectors and now are unemployed and outcast want the `` good old times '' back . 
  and merkel is a split case , she comes from a west german family ( hamburg ) , but was raised in the east , so i guess as a generous west german i 'd let my east german brethren keep her as a a final gift :-) . 
  frankfurt is the one true choice as capital of germany ( and almost became the capital after ww2 , only the french votes in the allied council prevented it and tipped the scale in favor of bonn ) . 
  where can i sign up for this redivision of germany ? 
  ( just kidding , but many people have that sentiment around here , it 's a constant source of both humor and tension between east and west germans ), 
  how many potatoes do you need to kill an irishman ? 
  none . 
  german police slang refers to them as `` mobile ethnic minority '' :-), 
  if you are a believer in the benefits of nuclear energy you are coming to the wrong place to study man ;-) but all the other sciences are held in high esteem , i recommend darmstadt for chemical engineering , they are world class ( because pharma giant merck has their headquarter in darmstadt and is bankrolling everything ), 
  have you seen the turkish media coverage ?? 
  the n-word has become very unpopular around these parts lately ... 
  seriously , we got some good universities when it comes to bioengineering ( try aachen , darmstadt ) , but everything nuclear that is not related to medicine is a dying subject in german colleges . 
  it sure helps me vent some steam though ;-) i favor the anglo-american law approach here , someone is guilty and responsible for all this mess , and it sure ai n't my own country/government . 
  and finally you claim it 's not charity . 
  of course its in our own best interest as well , i give you that , but lets imagine for a second what happens when germany stops backing up greece . 
  their whole country will be bankrupt and collapsing in a matter of weeks , if not days . 
  the alternative to austerity for the greeks is unthinkably bad for them , and the least i think i can expect is just a little bit of fucking gratitude towards my countrymen for being willing to sort out this mess . 
  i said it before elsewhere in these threads : now i truly know what it must feel like to be an american citizen . 
  everyone else needs you to fix their shit , because everyone else is unable to do it on their own , and once we step in a start to fix shit by throwing all of our economic might at the problem everyone else starts getting pissed at us because we are `` selfish '' enough not to hand them even more of our own money . 
  its so fucking easy for the greeks to scream for more help , because they are not the ones who have to pay it right now . 
  you see , i support these bailouts , i support helping greece back on its feet , all i want in return is some goddamned respect and gratitude . 
  when we ok another gazillion euro help package for athens i want the greeks to have the common decency not to parade a picture of my chancellor in nazi attire through their capital city , its ridiculous , insulting and shows a lack of respect and historical insight that boggles my mind . 
  i am just mightily pissed that my own government is fronting bailout after bailout with my own tax money and all we get in return is fucking ungratefulness . 
  well we have lots of high-ranking politicians of turkish descent in germany, 
  you are acting someone who tries to wiggle out of his self-inflicted debt , if i go to my bank tomorrow and tell them i am unsatisfied with the conditions of the loan i willingly took and i want to change them midcontract because the bank is evil then the guys at the bank will laugh at me right until i leave , the same is happening to you guys on a national level right now , how about you stop whining and accept your own part in it ? 
  i repeat it because it is true . 
  the alternative to our austerity plan is that you guys keep up the overspending and keep raising the national debt ( your children are gon na love you for that one ... ) until it reaches a point where even germany ca n't bail you out anymore and then you will collapse and become the next turkmenistan .
