thats why it says `` europe '' instead of `` eu '' ... 
  mad ossi detected :-), 
  the netherlands are out cool stepbrother who unfortunately roots for the wrong football team . 
  the southern tyrolians are also our brothers imho . 
  the higher educated ones do , but our politicians are doing a really shitty job at explaining this to the people . 
  without germany the eu is done for immediately . 
  it 's not just the sudden lack of german money and economic strength that would be disastrous . 
  important eu achievements like the schengen zone are rather pointless without including one of the biggest transit countries at the heart of the continent . 
  the problem is that lots of germans feel that their money is aiding everyone but themselves . 
  it feels a little ridiculous to be told by a politician that there 's no money for german infrastructure , schools and tax reductions while 100 billion euro bailouts for southern european states are winked through over a weekend . 
  ( disclaimer : i am aware that the situation is a little more complicated than that but tell that to an unemployed east german who gets his social aid cut while reading about size of the next aid package in the tabloid of his choice ), 
  we do have some beer brands that sell 0.5 litre cans for 35 cent in supermarkets , and you can buy 0.7 litre of cheap vodka for 5 euros :-), 
  11 euro is the oktoberfest price inside the tents . 
  you can get a litre in the supermarket for one euro , and maybe for 5-6 in normal bars, 
  exactly . 
  for example the german separatist movements are not to be taken serious . 
  the bavarians have a the `` bayernpartei ''  bavarian party which tries to achieve bavarian independence and received 2 % during the last state elections . 
  it 's more of a joke than a proper independence movement . 
  the reason why there are no serious separatist movements in germany is because we are already a federal state . 
  the individual states have a much larger say in things ( including lots of veto power in the bundesrat ) than comparable regions in other countries . 
  then please correct your original comment until you find a source . 
  the us has airbases on german soil and uses them freely for operations in wars that germany has no part in ( iraq ) , they did the same for libya . 
  exactly . 
  also , most people do n't seem to realize that germany has a `` parliament army '' . 
  unlike obama , merkel can not unleash the bundeswehr all by herself except for the defense of german territory . 
  she always needs a majority in the bundestag backing her up to send troops anywhere outside germany , and most of our politicians realize its political suicide around these parts to send german troops to conflicts that we do n't have much of a stake in . 
  being lied to by the us when they invaded iraq for bullshit reasons ( and being saved from sending troops there by schr\u00f6der and fischer and their massive cojones ) further reinforced that sentiment . 
  you also spelt his name wrong in your original post . 
  umlaut ... it 's a thing in germany . 
  because germans have first hand experience with hyperinflation , and it ai n't pretty . 
  i love how you imply to know more about economic matters than the secretary of finance of one of the most prosperous countries on earth while you are n't even able to spell his name correctly . 
  it 's wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , not shaeuble . 
  german here , i spent years in the uk , ireland and malta and by now i do n't do the translation step in my head anymore . 
  my french on the other hand is n't up to the same level as my english and thus i have to translate everything in my head . 
  two weeks in france puts me in a position where i can speak freely without thinking too much , but i still have to focus much more than on english , especially if its something like tv news running in the background . 
  i can turn on bbc and do other stuff around the house and still be able to soak in all the information i hear , but if i watch french tv i have to focus on it without distractions . 
  the funny thing is that english is more `` compact '' than german as a language . 
  english expressions are usually much shorter than their german equivalents and my lazy brain sometimes thinks of shorter english words before thinking about the much longer german version , even though it is my native tongue . 
  the difference was that the 9/11 hijackers did n't get on the radio and started broadcasting `` we have 4 planes under our control , get the troops out of the middle east or we 'll crash them into buildings '' . 
  they just went through with the attack . 
  if russia had announced troop withdrawal from chechnya immediately there is a good chance that the beslan situation would have ended without this much bloodshed . 
  at least they gave the russians a ( theoretical and unrealistic ) way out . 
  til :-) . 
  the term was in use around here before sarkozy though, 
  german here . 
  googeln is the de facto verb for doing any kind of internet search , even my phone dictionary recognises it ( it 's an android phone to be fair ) . 
  also the term `` k\u00e4rchern '' . 
  it means sweeping the streets , but from people instead of dirt . 
  for example when sarkozy talked about `` cleaning up the suburbs '' the german media translated it with k\u00e4rchern . 
  k\u00e4rcher is a german company that builds high water pressure cleaners ( like small water cannons ) . 
  germany , france and lots of other old eu countries would simply coordinate and outvote russia . 
  people underestimate how close france and germany coordinate their actions . 
  same in western europe . 
  the theory behind this is that converts have more to prove . 
  a guy from saudi arabia might be more or less extreme in his religious worldview , but he 's considered a muslim by default by other muslims . 
  a white german who converts tends to go all out with his newfound religion to show his new co-believers that he 's serious and one of them . 
  depends on how much of a damn the tank commander gives about keeping the city and its inhabitants intact . 
  was n't her idea , the cdus sister party and coalition partner csu came up with this bullshit and no one in the government except those retards from bavaria actually embraces it . 
  frankfurt citizen here . 
  public transport is much more convenient as a means of getting around the rhine-main area than cars are . 
  i have n't used a car to commute for years and will only buy one if i happen to have children in the next few years . 
  there are sometimes delayed trains and problems with the transport system , but overall it works pretty well . 
  it is n't exactly cheap , but cars are much more expensive . 
  one thing that still amazes me is that they somehow managed to provide perfect umts/lte cell coverage in all the subway tunnels below frankfurt . 
  i can surf the internet without interruptions throughout my entire daily commute . 
  very appropiate username, 
  give them a one-year off `` sabbatical '' from the eu 2 . 
  let them realize how bad they are off without the rest of us 3 . 
  have them re-enter the union after one year with a big continent-wide party, 
  i 'd consider it normal to know the lyrics , but i am german and it 's written in my native language . 
  yeah people forget that the eu actually was very deserving of a noble peace price . 
  turning germany and france into best buddies was extremely beneficial to peace in europe . 
  we should buy one and deploy it to the bodensee , just to keep the swiss in check, 
  over here in germany you do n't receive any extra punishment for breaking out of prison , as the desire to be free is considered a natural human instinct . 
  so if you break out , manage to be on the run for 5 years and get caught again you just have to finish your original prison sentence without any added jail time . 
  the only thing that might add to the sentence is further crimes committed while on the run ( identity fraud for staying undercover etc. ), 
   german intel cant even investigate rightwing radicals https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/domestic_terrorism_in_the_united_states american intelligence agencies should try to do a decent job at home first ... and germany has decent relations to russia because they are one of the major powers in our direct vicinity . 
  it would be beyond stupid not to trade and negotiate with them ... what the us fails to realize is that the net benefit they gain from spying on the german government and the german people pales in comparison to the damaging effect it has on the relationship with one of americas most important allies . 
  anti-americanism is growing day by day over here because of shit like this . 
  some germans symphatize with russia precisely because the us behaves like a bull in a china shop even towards their allies . 
  and that `` reliable partner '' status ended when the us began to wage wars for shits and giggles ( iraq ... ) . 
  just because we are n't retarded enough to join every single stupid war the us starts does n't mean we are n't on the same side on most issues . . 
  when america has a good cause for fighting ( afghanistan ) we join without question . 
  if some redneck asshole president wants to settle a score with saddam all you have and will hear from germany is `` thanks , but no thanks '' . 
  what about his other questions ? 
  do you truly believe that a bunch of terrorists who lived in a major german city for some time before moving to the us to commit an act of terror justifies spying on the german parliament and intelligence services ? 
   also , take a look at ukraine and the history of some of your neighbors . 
  than tell me how the only danger to the eu is the us . 
  you ca n't even comprehend your own written words ... 
  since when is ukraine part of the eu ? 
  another american who needs to learn the difference between the eu and europe . 
  the cia kinda admitted it and their chief brennan called german authorities yesterday, 
  confusing lybia and malta shows your level of knowledge pretty clearly ... nepal ? 
  no i meant china lol ... 
  what did germany do to malta ? 
  you are eben more retarded than i thought at first . 
  you started the iraq war because your president and his voters are fucking retarded , do n't expect us to join in that madness . 
  if you would n't attack half the middle east at will we 'd be a little more willing to support your military adventures . 
  you guys made unquestioning support impossible with the whole iraq wmd fiasco ... and you really do n't know who your allies are , a sad state of affairs, 
  what is it with innocence ?
