  same here in germany . 
  i 'll be eating salted popcorn and enjoying the shitshow on the_dumbass when merkel gets reelected in september :-) . 
  le pen is a fascist . 
  her party is openly fascist . 
  quite a few voters want to vote for her because they are pissed off due to terror attacks . 
  i am pointing out why this is a stupid and dangerous approach to try to solve the problem of islamist terrorists . 
  we have a proverb for this in germany : `` mit kanonen auf spatzen schie\u00dfen ''  `` using cannons/artillery to shot sparrows '' i.e. 
  using extreme measures to try to solve small problems . 
  did i say so ? 
  i am just pointing out that people with le pens mindset and political orientation caused vastly more damage in europe than islamists , which means it 's a really stupid idea to vote her into office . 
  all the deaths due to islamist terror in europe are nothing more than a drop in the ocean compared to the millions of deaths caused by fascists . 
  similar situation over here in germany . 
  the terror attacks we had in recent years caused a number of deaths comparable to a few nasty traffic accidents . 
  a proper democracy should n't abandon its core principles as a reaction to those attacks . 
  unlike le pen , merkel actually knows how to win an election . 
  i 'll be having so much fun watching the threads on the_dumbass when she gets reelected in september :-) . 
  fascists caused a lot more deaths in europe than islamists ever will . 
  the european family is quite real , and it says a lot about you and your countrymen that you dismiss it so easily after decades of successful cooperation in the eu . 
  holy shit , somehow he seemed invincible to me . 
  rest in peace , few people have excelled at what they love more than steck . 
  over here in germany those tickets are much more affordable for the common citizen , and we also still have standing areas in every stadium . 
  like a wise commentator once said : german clubs have fans , british clubs have customers . 
  he has among the highest popularity ratings of all german politicians for over a decade now, 
  she 's been in office longer than schr\u00f6der has ever been . 
  keeping germany in such a successful state for over a decade requires more than just continuing your predecessors work . 
  i say that as a lifelong spd voter btw . 
  that 's true for steinbr\u00fcck , but steinmeier was extremely popular when he ran against merkel and still lost . 
  she 's been in office for over a decade now . 
  at some point she gets to claim it 's her success , not schr\u00f6ders . 
  german here . 
  could n't give less of a fuck about this . 
  i simply pity modern day russians for the conditions they have to live in . 
  to quote angela merkel ( on vladimir putin ) : ` he 's afraid of his own weakness . 
  russia has nothing , no successful politics or economy . 
  all they have is this . ', 
  you should ask yourself why germanys neighbors have forgiven germany and have become close allies while everyone from paris to warsaw sees putins russia as a constant threat to peace in europe . 
  because over here in germany we rather invest in education , healthcare and a strong social system . 
  as angela merkel once famously said about putins strongmanship : ` he 's afraid of his own weakness . 
  russia has nothing , no successful politics or economy . 
  all they have is this . ', 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of the continent , but here in germany the reason for high railroad prices is simple : we basically grant them a monopol on long-distance connections . 
  this is about to change , but up until this year bus companies were n't even allowed to offer bus trips between our major cities , it was basically illegal to offer a bus trip from cologne to berlin , or any other long trip that was already covered by the german rail . 
  the exception where companies who offered trips to other countries , so going from frankfurt to amsterdam on a bus was ok , but leaving that bus in cologne before crossing the dutch border would have been illegal . 
  the result was that flying became a much cheaper alternative around here , if you took the train from hamburg to munich it means you were too stupid to check for a cheaper flight in advance . 
  they cooked their books to join the eurozone , not the european union . 
  there 's a big difference between the two, 
  if the majority of the people of cyprus wishes to join another nation then thats their good right to do so, 
  they have strong historical ties through colonization , but they are clearly on the wrong continent to become members of the eu, 
  exactly . 
  turkey needs to understand that it 's kinda hard to join a club when you are still threatening/occupying one of its members and personally i might add that i think it 's just fine that the eu does n't share a border with iraq and syria , we are much better off with turkey as a buffer zone in between, 
  old world represent !, 
  to be fair it 's usually us knocking on russia 's door, 
  dito , i ca n't believe he is being upvoted, 
  agreed , but holding the guilty parties of greek society responsible is a greek problem , not a german one, 
  they do n't have anything that covers my preferences at all . 
  i 'd have no problem with the musikantenstadl running twice a week if they would balance it out some , but most public tv is aimed at elderly people or young children , with some shitty daily soaps and telenovelas thrown in for good measure . 
  the last decent tv series that was produced here was dominic grafs `` im angesicht des verbrechens '' , but the cowards from ard and zdf saw fit to banish it to arte and middle-of-the-night timeslots , while traumschiff , rosamunde pilcher , carmen nebel and all those shitty iris berben movies get the primetime slots . 
  it 's beyond ridiculous , and every time i watch homeland , lost , 24 , game of thrones , the wire etc i just feel ashamed of our own tv industry, 
  germanys austerity measures were much more balanced because our government back then ( under spd chancellor schr\u00f6der ) was smart enough to implement them in a time of economic growth . 
  greek politicians during the same time preferred to keep on giving gifts to their voters instead . 
  now they have to take much harsher measures to sort their shit out again , and somehow its our fault instead of theirs . 
  and deutschland sucht den superstar is known as the `` migrantenstadl '' around here :-), 
  well this series is supposed to be exported to other countries as well , so at least some of that budget will be recouped eventually you are totally correct about the musikantenstadl though , it says a lot about our tv culture that florian fuckin silbereisen is the tv figure with the third highest salary in germany , shortly after thomas gottschalk and g\u00fcnther jauch ( though gottschalk probably earns less now that he is n't doing wetten dass anymore ), 
  ironically a jeep is a classic american vehicle , true nazis drive a proper k\u00fcbelwagen, 
  i did n't say they were the downfall of our nation , i just mentioned that we indeed have a right wing party in some state parliaments . 
  i am well aware that they are a long way from having serious political power , yet i think that downtalking them is the wrong way , as their influence is growing , especially in the east . 
  i am from frankfurt ( main , not oder ) and i have never seen real rightwing skinheads around here in my entire life , but my brother lived in thuringia and told pretty bad tales of how the nazis take over town after town over there . 
  they organize street festivals , run youth clubs etc , it 's a worrisome development that should be closely watched , especially after the whole nsu/verfassungsschutz scandal, 
  not in our federal parliament , but the right-wing fascist npd party is unfortunately represented in several east german state parliaments, 
  have a great evening too , and good luck tomorrow :-) and tell your countries leaders , if they really wan na fuck with merkel they need to let some dogs loose on her , she hates and fears them , and [ putin has been using this to great effect ] ( http://blog.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2007/06/14/putin_uses_dog_to_intimidate_merkel ) :-), 
  i just posted it because you said  7000 policemen guarantee her safety ?!?!?!?!, 
  man , that is hilarious !, 
  and i just wanted to provide some context for the 7000 policemen :-), 
  ok lets end our debate like that . 
  we agree to disagree while keeping this as civilized as we can :-) also , http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/114ohj/7000_policemen_protect_athens_for_the_arrival_of/, 
  fair points , but please understand our sentiment as well . 
  we get our taxes raised , our pay raises blocked and our pension age raised so we can help the rest of europe out , and when we switch on the news the first thing we see is that athens looks like a city under siege because our chancellor , the lady with the fat purse comes to visit and needs to be protected by 7000 policemen to guarantee her safety . 
  i understand that greek people are pissed because of this , but the amount of hate we get for trying to help out is ridiculous . 
  you switch on the news around here and every day its `` another gazillion euro aid package for greece has been approved by the bundestag '' while we ca n't afford free school dinners for every school child . 
  it maybe a very selfish attitude , but i really believe that not a single euro of development aid should leave our country until all my countrymen have been taken care of, 
  i agree , but corruption is a much bigger problem in your country than over here . 
  both our nations have lots of corruption , but our companies tend to bribe foreign nations/companies to get them to buy from us . 
  we call that whole system of companies engaging in grey area practices to get contracts overseas `` deutschland ag ''  `` germany inc. '' that goes so far that the social democrat candidate for the next federal elections called our development aid to china `` bribe money for large orders '' . 
  but my point is that german companies and politicians engage in these activities for the benefit of our whole economy , while greek politicians were happy to collect bribes while fucking over their own countrymen in the process . 
  both act illegally , but only the greeks are immoral enough to act against their own `` teams '' best interest also , corruption in germany only happens on a corporate level . 
  i have been on holiday in greece 4 times in my life , maybe 5 weeks overall , and 3 times i had to pay `` fakelaki '' of some kind . 
  once to a doctor so he would treat me right away , once to a parking lot attendant so i could have a good parking spot right away without waiting , and finally to a car repair shop so they 'd take care of my broken car without having to wait a week . 
  i have never in my life had to bribe anyone for anything in germany , and have never heard of something similar in my social circle and family . 
  ok that clears it up some , i 'll sacrifice some virgin goats to the great google oracle to get some more answers and insight :-), 
   the socialists suffer from amnesia considering they were the ones that got us in this mess thats a common problem for former elected officials everywhere :-) i did n't take into account the separatist movements in spain , i am aware of eta , that the catalans want their own state etc , but is this so bad that it threatens the economic recovery of spain ? 
  do you have any links/further reads you could recommend on this issue ? 
  the eurobonds wo n't appear because the german government ( especially jens weidmann , boss of our own bundesbank and only sane voice in all this madness right now ) had the good sense to raise hell over it and block it and if you do n't think greece tries to avoid paying back its debt you must have been living under a rock and missed out on all these cries for `` haircuts '' and `` debt cuts '' coming from athens for years . 
   rich greeks continue taking their money abroad , continuing the trend of the last 3 yers . 
  thats your main problem right there . 
  the greek state needs to make sure that its own citizens do n't take all their money to swiss banks . 
  thats a greek problem , not a german or european one . 
  they need to make sure that every member of society pays their share , and if people are unwilling to , they can feel free to copy our german approach and [ pay swiss bankers to sell confidential bank account data ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/german-authorities-investigate-ubs-in-relation-to-tax-evasion-a-849366.html ) . 
  we have been doing this for years , the swiss keep whining about it but we have made billions of euros in tax paybacks from this alone the brain drain you mention is a matter of patriotism and personal sense of responsibility . 
  if every educated greek is willing to jump ship to another country that easily and quickly , they ca n't love their country as much as many of them like to claim around here . 
  the common german opinion right now is that the greeks do n't need our money , they need a bunch of our tax collectors,
