  we try to stop that from happening , even if you do n't like the shortterm effects . 
  the thing you guys need to realize is that you ca n't keep spending more than you make . 
  austerity is necessary because the alternative would be to keep throwing money at a hole with no bottom . 
  your country wo n't suddenly stop doing all the shit that 's gotten it into this mess in the first place if there are no repercussions for the mistakes of the past . 
  why would greece slash unnecessary parts of the public sector if there 'd be no punishment for not doing so ( because the rest of the eu keeps pumping money into greece ) ? 
  and finally , never forget that all these measures have to be justified to the german voters . 
  we do n't like having to skip on tax breaks and government benefits while our money is used to stabilize your economy and to pay your outstanding debt . 
  if you guys keep getting mad at germany for bailing you out i am sure we will soon find out how well you fare economically once berlin stops giving money . 
  do you even realize how ungrateful it is to be mad at us for helping you pay your bills ? 
  you should delete the whole `` empirical observation '' part then , it heavily implies scientific fact and evidence . 
  we did n't save anyone ? 
  seeing as greece has n't fallen apart by now and is n't on the same economic level with somalia i 'd say our rescue measures did work just fine , a little `` thank you '' might be in order , but i guess that 's too civilized for guys like you . 
  like i said elsewhere in this thread already , it 's ridiculous how the country that got itself into all this shit now tries to give economic advice for the other countries who are trying to save it . 
  the eu and the imf did n't fuck up your rescue , as evidenced by the fact that you still have food , electricity and an internet connection in your home ( or you wouldnd ' t be hanging around reddit , you 'd be struggling through every single day in a failed state ) . 
  the amount of aid we are giving is the limit of what we can give without fucking up our own economies . 
  it 's easy for a greek to complain that everyone else should give more aid , you are n't the guys who have to finance that aid . 
  everyone keeps complaining about merkel and her policies , without realizing that it is her , and her alone , who is fighting for help for greece . 
  even her own coalition wants to end this and throw you out of the eurozone . 
  if you poll the german people on the street tomorrow and ask them if they wan na keep paying for bailouts you 'll get a resounding no by a vast majority of voters . 
  merkel is going against that public opinion even though she 's up for reelection in september . 
  and what does she get in return ? 
  a caricature of her in full nazi attire being paraded around the very country that asked for our aid . 
  it 's pissing me off to no end . 
  does n't do you much good now , does it ;-) i heard mongolia was one hell of an empire a few centuries back , but genkhis khan ai n't here to lead them now , same goes for your country and the philosophers and thinkers who lived two thousand years ago ... 
  the most realistic outcome is that the eurozone splits , into a north euro and a south euro , with the northern one being the true euro , as it will be backed by strong economies . 
  and we are indeed worried about spain and france , which is why it 's so annoying to concern ourselves with your little country at the edge of the continent while we have real problems to deal with . 
  read the rest of the thread here , the greek `` blame-everyone-but-us '' squad is out in force and it 's pissing me off quite a little bit . 
  where exactly ? 
  i hope you do n't mean those four random google results . 
  i repeat my offer to have a bet , i bet a hundred euros that greece will still be fucked economically a decade from now , you can bet against me the equivalent of whatever the fucked up currency you 'll use in a decade is called . 
  you may form any opinion , this is a free continent , its just that it sounds ridiclulous coming from a nation that is obviously unable to handle its own economy . 
  from our perspective it looks like the guy we just rescued from the sea after he crashed his little sailboat in shallow waters tries to tell us how to steer our ocean liner ... 
  i love how economic advice is always coming from nations who are basically bankrupt , how about you apply your infinite wisdom in these matters on your own economy ? 
  it 's the most ridiculous part of this whole mess that germany , the well-oiled economic powerhouse of europe , has to take economic advice from greece , which is one missed german check away from collapse and starvation . 
  if you are stating is as fact and call it `` empirical observation '' you better do just that . 
  your gdp-debt ratio is dropping because a ) we enabled you to get really cheap loans and b ) the much-needed economic kick in the ass we gave you in the form of austerity measures is showing positive results , how about a little `` thank you '' b. 
  your tourism numbers are plain wrong : http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424052702304065704577424310175114578.html http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18332793 german news reported that german visits to greece are down 40 % , we always were the biggest groups of tourists coming to your country , you are literally biting the hand that feeds you . 
  c . if you think you can run a first world economy on yogurt you are even more retarded than i thought . 
  d. your shipping fleet is a big part of your problems , how about you start forcing their owners to finally pay some taxes ? 
  e. large parts of these natural ressources will be used to pay your hundreds of billions of debt ;-) f. see e and finally i always love how it 's our fault that we borrowed you money . 
  this may be our biggest cultural difference , but around here the person borrowing the money is expected to make sure they can handle the loan and pay it back as agreed upon , that whole `` lol germany , how could you be so stupid to borrow us money , you should have known we ai n't paying it back '' attitude will bite you in the ass pretty soon and is a sure sign of a lack of morals and integrity , it would be considered criminal behavior in germany . 
  willing to take a bet that it 's gon na take a lot longer than 5-10 years until greece becomes wealthy again ? 
  you must be mad if you honestly believe that you 'll see greece rise to true economic strength in your own lifetime . 
  and i think it 's highly hilarious how a person that probably neither speaks my language nor has ever lived among germans for extended periods of time is judging our culture and spirit ;-) ( and if you have lived in germany for a long time i 'd wonder why you felt the need to leave your little `` paradise '' for soulless , evil germany ) anyway , if you really think that your lives would still be happy and fulfilling if you had 1 % of the ethiopian gdp i suggest you sell everything you own and start paying my people back ... but i guess it 's easier to keep begging for german money instead of resorting to a third word lifestyle . 
  four random google results are far away from `` empirical observation '' . 
  and you need to come up with the statistics and sources to prove your claim if you are the one making it ;-), 
  you guys voted for those asshole politicians , so please stop trying to shift blame away from your responsibility as a greek citizen and voter , it 's getting boring . 
  and i sure hope i never have to share a common country with the likes of you . 
  i live in one of the richer parts of germany and already my tax money is used to support poorer parts of germany , i 'll be damned if this escalates permanently to a european level and half of my work is done to keep you guys on a first world level . 
  fuck that , earn it for yourself . 
  where did it claim that the hyperinflation happened in 1929 ? 
  i said it happened because the weimar republic started printing money to pay back ( war ) debt , just the same thing all of southern europe is calling for , as they too wan na inflate currency to get rid of debt and our own history tells us that 's a very bad idea . 
  oh and if the economists of greece were so capable and had a bigger clue than the germans then your country probably would n't be as fucked as it is ? 
  i love how all the expert opinions are coming from countries that are essentially bankrupt ... 
  well guess what , the communists actually took power in one half of my country for 4 decades , and the western part ( even while building up the utterly broken eastern part , a country with more citizens than all of greece ) still managed to dwarf anyone else on this continent economically . 
  and all your ungrateful bullshit makes me wish to see you guys finally exit the eurozone , it 'll be highly entertaining to watch from behind my tv screen to see a formerly developed nation go the way of the dodo . 
  oh , and you keep complaining about those 10 billion the nazis allegedly stole , while my people keep ok ` ing bailouts and rescue umbrellas that are in the hundreds of billions . 
  if all it took to save your little shithole was 10 billion in gold and another 20 billion in reparations we would n't be having this conversation , my government would just open the piggy bank and be done with it . 
  but alas , somehow miraculously you guys managed to waste much , much more than those measly 30 billion , and it sure as hell was n't my peoples fault , no matter how hard you try to believe that so you do n't have to look at your own peoples part in all this . 
  you wan na know the difference between your country and mine ? 
  both were utterly broke and devastated after ww2 , my country got split in two as well . 
  we both got help through the marshall plan , but unlike you guys we managed to properly rebuild our nation and turn it into the economic powerhouse and dominating power of the continent in a matter of decades while you guys just kept fucking up and spending all your money on things you ca n't afford . 
  this did n't happen by chance , it 's the natural result of our national differences in work attitude , work ethics and economic spirit . 
  and btw , it 's not `` you guys '' , i refuse to be put in the same basket with nazi germany . 
  i am not a citizen of the third reich , i am a citizen of the federal republic of germany , a different country founded on parts of the same territory , just as modern day italy does n't equal the roman empire . 
  if there were no difference i 'd start suing italy for the roman invasion of germania ... oh , and do n't worry , we would have gotten our money back from you guys one way or the other ;-), 
  oh if that 's the case and everyone else possesses such economic strength to save this union then we can surely stop to pay our part , watch what happens ... 
  ah the troll is getting angry :-) first , it 's laughable how greeks play up their countries involvement in ww2 , you guys did n't make a big difference so stop pretending like you or your grandfathers saved the continent . 
  second , one of my grandfathers died in a concentration camp for being a communist , not every german was an evil nazi , but i guess that 's too much for you to comprehend . 
  third , even owning a mini cooper or scooter can be `` living above your means '' if your country has the productivity and gdp of a nation like bulgaria . 
  you try to run a first world welfare state without having first world productivity , which is why you are in the shitter . 
  until you realize this your country is doomed . 
  fourth , you agree that a big part of the reason your country is fucked are the insane military spending ( to defend against turkey , a fellow nato ally , you guys need to look up the meaning of the world ally again ... ) and the 2004 olympics ( germany wanted those olympics too , at least we could have paid for them ... ) . 
  well , those things were decided by the parties in power which the majority of your countrymen voted for . 
  stop trying to shift blame to other people , when a majority of a nation votes for a party and that party proceeds to fuck it all up then the voters are responsible as well . 
  if you disagree with that statement it means that no german who was n't part of the highest echelons of the nazi party is responsible for what happened in the third reich . 
  so whats it gon na be ? 
  anyway , if we wanted to fuck you over we might as well send these bailout packages directly to our own banks and people ( and trust me , all the ungratefulness coming from uninformed , entitled fuckheads like you makes me wan na go down that route asap ) , but we do n't , because we are actually nice people who try to safe your asses from the hole you dug for yourself through greed and ignorance . 
  a little `` thank you , germany , for not letting us down in this crisis '' is all we 'd like to hear once in a while , but i guess that 's too much to ask from an unciviliced slob like you ... 
  ah the resident troll appears from under the bridge ... we should be thanking you for accepting the austerity measures ??? 
  if we stop bailing you guys out tomorrow you 'll be bankrupt before the day is over . 
  all i see in your posts are wild conspiracy theories with which you try to shift the blame of your corrupt and incompetent government ( and your fathers and grandfathers generation who helped bankrupt the whole country by living way above their means for decades ) to us , because accepting the fact that you guys fucked it up all by yourself would mean to face the cold hard truth and to take an earnest look in the mirror , both things you and your countrymen seem to be incapable of . 
  do i smell bacon ? 
  feel free to front the debt of southern europe and take over for us if you do n't like the way we are running this show . 
  now i know what it feels like to be american . 
  no one else is able to fix their own problems , and as soon as we step in and use all our power to fix everyone elses shit everyone starts complaining about evil germans trying to take over europe . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  some sources and links might be in order if you accuse all the germans on this board that easily . 
  nobody complained about germany cooking their books because germany did n't need to come begging after doing so . 
  besides . 
  you need to read up on the german crisis of the 20 's again , hyperinflation was the final nail in the coffin , and it was created by the german central bank , who tried printing money ad infinitum to get rid of debt which is precisely what the piigs are trying to do . 
  we do n't want hyperinflation to happen ever again which is why we enforce austerity . 
  repeat after me : a government can not spend more than it takes it in taxes over an extended period of time . 
  once southern europe realizes this simple fact they 'll do a lot better . 
  why is this news ? 
  the spd and the greens always form a coalition together when their combined votes allow it , this is business as usual since the 80s, 
  as a social worker from frankfurt i can totally confirm this :-), 
  the closest you 'd get is probably `` atzen '' which is berlin slang for buddies/homies etc. 
  while not a specific subculture in itself its often associated with lower class people from housing projects of the big cities , general hard drinking among the youth etc. 
  though it must be pointed out that this term is n't necessarily associated with violent behavior , just loud and obnoxious behaviour .
