  its money that has to be backed up somewhere , and its being backed up by germany taking higher loans on the financial markets , we are just able to do it at better conditions , as we are more trustworthy for lenders and do n't try to chicken out of paying back our debt 24/7 thats the whole problem with unlimited eurobonds , we start printing money ( as a german i can tell you thats a very bad idea which we will never allow to happen again ) and are suddenly responsible and liable for greek debt, 
  yes , but most of the companies who hold shares of hp are owned by the greek state , there was a big article in le monde about it a year ago and unfortunately , the interest rates are part of the whole `` borrowing money '' thing , if they refuse to pay them , other people are being ripped of . 
  what you are basically suggesting is that its ok for greece to recover their own economy by ripping off the people/nations that were willing to lend them money in the first place . 
  do n't know what you call it in romania , but around here thats called stealing , lying and scamming btw , can i borrow some money from you , i guarantee that i 'll pay you back later ( and if i ca n't do so you probably wo n't mind , judging from your statements ) . 
  i 'll send you my paypal adress right away if thats ok, 
  and i checked your post history , you seem to be romanian . 
  thus its no wonder that greeks pharma sector looks developed to you , its developing country standard at best from our point of view, 
   and anyway , they can pay for medication with money they get from taxes , like every other country does . 
  you bring tears of laughter to my eyes :-) . 
  if greek people where paying their taxes as they should have , they would n't be in the mess they are in right now and btw , [ greece imports 500.000 barrel oil each day ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/r.aspx?c=gr&amp;v=93 ) and thats the greek state , who holds majority shares for most major energy companies in the country , not some private companies , and even in the very liberal , pro-cooperations united states the state has a lot of influence in the energy market and oil import . 
  get your facts straight , read up a little on these issues and you can join the debate again, 
  i do n't doubt that , the impression we have around here is that greece is the only country that straight up lashes out at us for trying to help them sort out their own mess . 
  ireland is on a good way , portugal is man ( country ? ), 
  enough to look at their own mistakes and issues and try to fix them and spain is n't as fucked as any of the other countries down there ( yet ? 
  ) , same goes for italy, 
  and who exactly will sell you oil , medicine and food if you default without paying your debt first ? 
  argentina and iceland could do that because they have lots of natural ressources , greece not so much you might have that anarchist pipe dream about liberating greece from the stranglehold of evil germans and big banks , but in the end the real loser of such a move will be greece if you think the situation is bad right now , wait until germanys pharma companies stop selling you insuline , aspirine and cancer medication because your worthless drachmae ca n't pay for enough of it, 
  your father , grandfather and everyone else who tolerated mindless overspending for decades inflicted this on you . 
  meanwhile other european nations imposed hard austerity measures for their own people . 
  look up the german hartz 4 reforms , we made all those hard cuts a decade ago , thus we are quite well of today and do n't see why we should use that saved up money to bail out other nations who were too comfortable in their day-to-day-lifes to implement those measures while they had the chance . 
  now you have to bite the sour apple in the middle of a global financial crisis . 
  tough shit , but its greeks fault , not ours, 
  ah the old submarine example , thats a good case to illustrate the situation you have two involved parties here , the german politicans and industrials who talked ( and bribed ) the greeks into buying our military hardware , and the greedy greek politicians who took those bribes our people acted against the law , no doubt about it , but they did so in the interest of their own country . 
  they created and secured jobs and good business for germany . 
  the greeks involved in this sold out their own peoples best interest for a measly amount of bribe money . 
  so both sides commit crimes , but only one aside is antisocial and morally degenerated enough to act against their own teams best interest . 
  and btw , greece is the only country that has problems with those submarines . 
  the german navy regularly drives american subkiller flotillas mad with them during maneuvers anyway , merkel will lose the next elections if she keeps up her pro-greek agenda without putting more pressure on greece , and that 'll be the end of your economy, 
  you should change your nick to `` alwaysstupid '' . 
  our standard of living is as high as it is because we can afford it . 
  we are productive enough to be able to finance a proper first world welfare state for our own citizens . 
  this does not mean that we are willing to lower it so other countries can live beyond their own means on borrowed money . 
  greece on the other hand lived above their means for decades and now got the bill . 
  they created this mess all by themself and the fact that the international markets gangrape that country is a sympton for their problems , not the underlying reason . 
  when greece realizes that you ca n't run a first world economy on olive oil , tourism and some shipping industry they 'll be a big step closer to the solution of their problem, 
  do you really believe that greece will be able to pay back all the money it had to borrow before both of us have died of old age ? 
  the entire greek gdp was about 215 billion euro last year , they are already over 150 billion in debt . 
  even if they somehow manage to pay back 3 billion a year ( which wo n't happen as their yearly growth is -6 % ... ) it 'll take 5 decades to pay everyone back if greece was so trustworthy they could just borrow money on the international markets like everyone else , its because these markets refuse to loan greece money with reasonable interest rates that forced them to ask the rest of the union for money in the first place, 
  thanks for the heads up :-) . 
  germany pays the biggest share of it , its not `` like all other countries '' , our share is much larger than that of just about every other nation . 
  without germany there is no bailout and no ecb money . 
  if germanys economy crumbles we can not help anyone else out , thus policies that serve the german economic interest serve everyone else as well , while policies that hurt germany hurt everyone else ever notice how the united states cut california more slack in economic matters than utah ? 
  its because california is vital for the wellbeing of the country while utah is not, 
  you should always serve the interest of the countries whose economies hold the union together . 
  its very simple : germany can bail greece out , greece can not bail germany out . 
  so every economic policy that tries to help greece while hurting germany is a lot worse for the overall state of the eu than the other way round . 
  it would be madness to do anything but tailor economic policy to the economic powerhouses in the union . 
  besides , we think its hilarious that greeks believe they are in any state to demand that we listen to their economic advice , after they have just run their own economy into the ground with decades of mismanagement . 
  it would be like giving command of an ocean cruise ship to the guy you just fished out of the water after he crashed his little sailboat in shallow waters . 
  other nations should model their economies after our pretty successful model , not the other way round , and issuing eurobonds without limit is exactly the kind of economic madness that got the southern european nations to where they are now , we would have to be batshit insane to give in to that . 
  why is suggesting that greeks need to work as hard as everyone else a `` hate-filled speech '' ? 
  and the ecb acted to help germany , france etc because we finance the ecb . 
  you think the money they used to help us came from nowhere ? 
  we gave it to the ecb and and then got a little of it back , but not nearly as much as we put in . 
  greece is asking for a lot more money than they ever contributed, 
  also , a quick look through your recent comment history brings up gems like this  yes berlin rent is very low but also people here do n't have much disposable money due to the austerity reforms from before the crisis . 
  a lot of people i know about it , pensioners , students etc. 
  are worried about it . 
  i obviously could n't care less about them lol . 
  statements like that basically disqualify you from engaging in further debate in these matters . 
  you first acknowledge that austerity measures hurt the germans as well , and you follow up this realization by stating that you could n't care less about my countrymen . 
  why on earth would i give a fuck about what you think of my opinion about aid for greece, 
  so asking for guarantees that loaned money gets paid back is now `` acting like a nazi '' . 
  maybe i did n't pay attention in school , but as far as i remember `` acting like a nazi '' means world wars , death camps and gas chambers , not giving money to other nations while keeping an eye on how that money is being used seems like you are still stuck in a 1940 's mindset, 
  like i said , godwins law in effect , thanks for proving my point instead of coming up with actual arguments, 
  show me a single link to a `` hate-filled speech '' made by angela merkel about greece , just a single one people just do n't realize that she is the one defending bailouts for greece against even her own party and coalition , if we were to hold a public vote over this issue tomorrow across all germany , the bailout funds would be frozen and greece would be bankrupt before the day was over and it is n't a problem that concerns all of europe , notice how somehow magically the northern states are doing pretty well while the entire south is in trouble ? 
  i do n't think thats a coincidence, 
  i have no problem with putting more burden on the banks , but even though i understand and agree that they took high risks in lending money to greece it should still be absolutely clear that its the borrowing persons obligation to make sure they can handle a loan and pay it back in time , not the person who lent them the money . 
  i am getting sick of this `` lol you should have known we can never pay you back , how silly of you to expect us to '' line of reasoning, 
  so now its our fault that the greeks elected papademos and greece cheated its way into the eurozone ? 
  this is getting more and more hilarious by the minute . 
  i should take note how you argue , maybe i can use your debate techniques to finally blame england and chamberlain for the outbreak of ww2 , those fuckers appeased hitler and agreed to the munich agreement in 1938 after all , its probably all their fault , those nice germans did nothing but elect hitler, 
  thats clear , but to default we need to let them exit the eurozone , and this , due to eu contracts , is only possible if they leave the european union as a whole . 
  and thats something even the craziest greek government would n't attempt , and the way they prefer to do it , meaning only leaving the eurozone while remaining in the eu , is something that can only happen if everyone else agrees to change the rules , and germany would be crazy to agree to it . 
  thus we indeed have a say and a choice in this matter, 
  you are seriously trying to spin this in a way that makes greece look like a major contributor to the eu budget ???? 
  simple facts that even you should be able to grasp : germany pays 21 % of the eu budget . 
  greece pays about 1,7 % of the eu budget . 
  so we pay 12,5 x more money than greece while only having 7,5 x the population of greece . 
  thus we pay a lot more per capita and we pay more overall than greece . 
  but if greek politicians and economists were good with numbers and calculations they probably would n't be as fucked as they are now, 
  because we had a major part in founding ( and funding ) this whole euro ( pean ) project , you guys just cheated your way into the eurozone while your government already knew you were n't up to our standards . 
  so obviously its you guys who would need to leave, 
  ah good old godwin , i was wondering when the first person would run out of arguments and resort back to stupid nazi analogies instead . 
  you just disqualified yourself for further discussions , have a good day, 
  you think i am stupid enough to agree in advance to debt cuts for greece should they default ? 
  its my own money at stake here , default or not , i hope my government makes sure that greece pays back what it owes us, 
  the vicious cycle i am seeing is that printing money to lower debt ( what germany did to pay the war reparations of ww1 ) leads to hyperinflation ( what germany had in the late 1920 's ) which leads to dictatorships and massive wars . 
  so because we have that historic precedent we oppose eurobonds , we know what happens when governments and central banks just start to print money instead of fixing the underlying problems and our ability to take a hard look at our ourselves lead to the aforementioned hartz 4 reforms , we were smart enough to take action before the 2008 crisis came about , thats the reason we are better off than the rest of continent right now , and we think its highly unfair that we have to pay for your countries mistakes as well now, 
  we dont bail out the banks for their own sake , but for the sake of my pension money that goes down the drain when these banks fail . 
  and with all due respect to the citizens of greece , i make sure my own money and my countries money are safe and protected before i give a damn about theirs, 
   you ca n't be ungrateful for something you do n't want . 
  and you have no idea of the consequences that would have . 
  you would n't be able to buy foreign medicine , food , gas , oil , luxury goods etc because your new drachmae would be utterly worthless , so right now we are protecting you from your own stupidity and lack of foresight, 
  the problem is that greece ca n't pay back their debt in drachmae , so if they default and exit the eurozone its the money we loaned them that is lost , and we like our money back sometime this century . 
  oh i would n't worry about my children and grandchildren . 
  we were a devastated , occupied and divided country only a few decades ago and managed to rise to being the dominant economic superpower of the continent in only half a century . 
  and i am getting sick of greeks trying to victimize themselves . 
  your country is not in the situation it is in because of greedy banks and evil germans , its there because of decades of mismanagement and overspending . 
  your fathers and grandfathers generation afforded a livestyle that was above what your tiny economy could support , and now you are getting the bill for it .
