  i hope you are aware that your german citizenship can be taken away from you for such blasphemous un-german behaviour . 
  the last referendum cost approximately 120 million euros . 
  they might want to check their priorities when it comes to spending money . 
  120 million feeds a lot of poor people . 
  they can hold as many elections as they want if they pay for them out of their own pockets , but as long as they have to keep borrowing billions to survive it looks kinda silly from over here ... 
  source for the number : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/greece-crisis-referendum-explainer--how-will-the-greek-public-vote-for-their-future-10361899.html, 
  if i were greek i could think of better things for my state to spent money on than holding elections and referendums every few months ... 
  resocialisation is a thing , and it 's working pretty well in countries that do n't treat their prisoners like dirt . 
  please do compare human rights issues as well ... 
  most civilized societies settled this argument decades or even centuries ago ... 
  it 's like someone proclaiming `` maybe we should cure cancer through faith healing '' in 2015 . 
  we tried that as a species , it does n't work and that 's why we abolished the system . 
  the fact that some stupid backwards people still believe in it does n't make it right either . 
  i only have proper arguments with people who understand 21th century customs . 
  whippings ? 
  beatings under medical supervision ? 
  really ? 
  you 'd fit right in in places like north korea or saudi arabia , but surely not in western europe in the year 2015 . 
   the punishments i envision are primarily whippings . 
  but perhaps well-administered beatings overseen by a doctor would be better because they do n't leave scarring . 
  thank god you are not a lawmaker ... 
  you are correct , was n't aware that they still apply it . 
   however i would also like to see the reintroduction of physical punishments for petty crimes such as theft got ta disagree 100 % here . 
  physical punishment has no place in a civilized society such as ours . 
  i agree on all points . 
  imho it 's a good thing that even people like g\u00e4fgen have basic rights in our society . 
  there is only one developoed country that practises capital punishment , the us of a. . . 
  those 20 years in jail before execution are there so the defendant has a chance to appeal his sentence , new evidence to surface etc. 
  it would be insane to sentence someone to death after a 6 month trial and then execute him the day after . 
  and i am curious , as you disagree with both models , what would be your solution to the problem ? 
  yeah i totally get why he did that , and i am pretty certain that i 'd do the same in a similar situation , but it 's still a really dangerous route to take . 
  the death penalty is kinda permanent ... 
  if you lock up the wrong guy for 20 years and then find out he 's innocent you can still give him shitloads of money so he at least can live the rest of his life in peace and prosperity . 
  and i got ta disagree with your sentiment . 
  i think sentences in most european states are much more appropiate than the ridiculous sentencing for petty crimes going on in the us and other places . 
  see my post above . 
  german media speculates that they killed her first ( for whatever reason , maybe a rape gone wrong ) and then proceeded with the ransom demands and the alleged kidnapping . 
  it 's totally ok that the police chief was punished imho . 
  his reasons to act were understandable ( which is the main reason why he only had to pay a few thousand euros instead of going to prison or being fired ) , but he still threatened someone with a major crime from a position of power . 
  imagine if they catch the wrong guy and start pulling fingernails and breaking bones ... 
  the same argument applies against the death sentence . 
  i have little moral problems with executing a person that i know is 100 % guilty of murdering a child , but it 's hard to get this 100 % certainty in every single case , and thus reinstating capital punishment will eventually lead to an innocent person being executed by the state . 
  got ta add to the von metzler case : the kidnapper revealed the ( at that point already dead ) boys location after being threatened with violence and he then sued the head of the frankfurt police ( who made the threat ) for torture . 
  he won the case and the police chief had to pay the guy several thousand euros . 
  whatever good that money does him in prison ... 
  german media is speculating right now that they murdered the girl first ( for whatever reason ) and then came up with the whole ransom demand , possibly to mislead the police and cover their own tracks . 
  sad shit either way , especially considering the fact that the ( wealthy ) parents basically went to the press hours after receiving the ransom demand to broadcast a message along the lines of `` we 'll meet your demands , we 'll pay whatever you want '' . 
  rest in peace :-( edit : it now looks like they had planned to hold her for ransom from the beginning but then panicked after they fucked up . 
  they forgot/ignored to wear masks during the entire abduction , then realized the girl could easily identify them and proceeded to killed her . 
  she seems to have been murdered in the first few hours after the abduction . 
  frankfurt here , maybe you 'll find a rusty little hut for your dog . 
  not much more :-), 
  most younger germans truly consider d\u00f6ner kebab and currywurst to be the main national dishes :-), 
  yeah they got a global market share of 80 % or something like that :-), 
   do you seriously say spain is the only country with elevators that beep when overweighted i 've never heard an elevator beep because it 's overloaded . 
  what kind of elevators do you guys use than ca n't handle more than 2 people is the question that comes to my mind first here . 
  if an elevator with only 2-3 people in it starts beeping and does n't start to move i assume it 's broken , not that it has reached its maximum capacity . 
  so what i am saying here is that spain might be the only country that uses elevators that are n't up to the task , which might irritate a german who is used to thyssen-krupp engineered elevators :-) . 
  currywurst + bier  everything else, 
  kinda similar for me . 
  i regret not having started the sport when i had the chance back in college ( my university had a pretty good fencing team and was looking for new people ) . 
  i started rowing instead , which fun as well though :-) . 
  i know a little about the sport ( i grew up in frankfurt , and the neighboring town offenbach has been the home of one of germanys most successful fencing clubs for over a century now ) , so this is only spiking already existing interest :-) . 
  thanks for posting that link . 
  til i need to watch more sabre fighting competitions :-), 
  i drive a lada niva as a second car for all my outdoor activities and i have yet to see a modern suv surpass it in terms of pure offroad capabilities . 
  like they said on top gear ( iirc ) a while ago : it 's never working perfectly , but it also never breaks down completely :-) . 
  i also love russian rock music . 
  kino and nautilus are among my favourite bands . 
  check out this classic by kino : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1pv2-zxo_4 besides , most russians i 've met in my life are very cultured and decent people . 
  it 's just putin and his policies and behaviour that annoy me about russia . 
  how about he helps out greece to raise a sum with a few more zeroes at the end ,, 
  your knowledge ( or lack thereof ) of chinese economic matters seems to rival your knowledge of european ones ... 
  you must be fun at parties :-), 
  good point , i was n't aware of this :-), 
  afaik germany only takes away the passive voting right ( ie . 
  the right to run in an election and have people vote for you ) instead of the active right to vote ( voting for someone else in an election ) . 
  you do realize that even the americans are using the russian space industry to launch satellites for them , supply the iss etc ? 
  i 'd wager i am doing much better over here in frankfurt/germany than the average russian is doing in moscow or st. petersburg atm . 
   but it 's a fact well if it 's fact you should have no problem with providing a source for your claim . 
  still waiting for that source ... 
  please provide a reputable source that proves that the troika ordered the closing of greek banks . 
  btw :  varoufakis set in motion what he called `` a tragic mechanism '' to restrict withdrawals . 
  ( the next night , a monday , he told stratou , on returning from work , `` honey , i shut the banks . '' ) greeks could now withdraw from a.t.m.s no more than sixty euros a day . 
  source : http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/08/03/the-greek-warrior varoufakis himself disagrees with you ... 
  the north of italy is doing fine , it 's the south that is in a downward spiral . 
  i 'd wager that the independence movement in the north will gain a lot more traction when this economic gap between north and south continues to grow . 
  tsipras and varoufakis closed the banks , not the troika . 
  but facts do n't seem to be your thing anyway . 
  while i agree with your comment i got ta point out that a high powered laser that can take down rockets will have a much higher cost per shot than one dollar :-) . 
  yeah , some of them , but a country like china has so many of these asm 's ready for launch from land sites that they can simply overwhelm the aegis system . 
  the carrier group can carry much less of the interceptor rockets than china can store and launch anti ship missiles . 
  even if aegis can intercept 10 rockets per second , the chinese simply launch 20 and the carrier is toast . 
  also , the interceptor rockets are usually more expensive than the attacker rockets . 
  a good example is israels iron dome defense system . 
  it is very good at downing the rockets shot from gaza , but a single rocket costs israel upwards of 50.000 dollars , while hamas builds theirs much cheaper . 
  and iron dome afaik always fires 2 rockets at one incoming target to raise the chance of downing it . 
  so hamas just spent maybe a few thousand dollars for a rocket , and israel just spent 100.000 dollars to shoot it down . 
  so that defense system only works against an enemy with much less ressources . 
  to be fair , aircraft carriers are widely regarded as outdated and outmatched technology when pitted against a 21th century army .
