  they also need to really go after tax evaders . 
  even lagarde and switzerland have offered help to do this , but syriza seems afraid to go after their own citizens . 
  there is money in the hands of rich people in greece , make no mistake about this , but their government seems to rather want to try to extort money from other nations ( that whole ww2 reparations charade , which cost them the last of their supporters and symphatizers over here in germany ) than to collect it from the\u00edr own el\u00edte . 
  they also need to really follow the austerity measures through . 
  the first thing tsipras did after he got elected was giving previously fired state employees their jobs back , even though everyone else kept saying that the ridiculous amount of public sector employees in greece is one of the main reasons for the shit they are currently in . 
  syrizas biggest problem is that they did n't manage to switch from campaign mode to governing mode . 
  and it does n't really help that big parts of the current government are political amateurs with little experience how to run a country . 
  the previous government was n't much better , but they had the common sense not to piss off the troika 24/7 . 
  i absolutely believe that greece was on the road back to recovery in 2014 and that a few more years would have been enough for them to get out of the worst part of this mess , but syriza managed to mess that little bit of economic success up badly while antagonizing the entire eurozone and managing to create an economic environment of uncertainty that prevents investments into the greek economy . 
  the grexit can still be prevented , but syriza needs to completely change their tone towards the troika and approach to the crisis within the next few weeks or its all over for greece . 
  do you have anything to actually contribute to these discussions here ? 
  i wonder whats so amusing about the fact that european redditors use the europe subreddit to discuss european matters . 
  most economic indicators were pointing upwards at the end of 2014 , so yeah , syriza fucked it up . 
  to the surprise of absolutely no one who has any clue how ultra-leftwing governments tend to handle money . 
  the only surprising part here was how quick they managed to completely fuck everything up . 
  to be so incompentent and confrontational that they managed to unite the entire eurozone against them in a matter of months is actually kinda incredible . 
  we are still financing the target2 system for you guys , which greek citizens are robbing blind right now while everyone knows that they 'll never be able to pay back that money . 
  and without our money your country would have had to stop paying out pensions , running schools and generally function a long time ago . 
  no one in greece complained about all that borrowing and overspending that went on for decades , you guys were cool with spending other peoples money . 
  and now when its time to pay it back its suddenly evil germans trying to extort poor innocent greeks . 
  yeah just 5 people right ... 
  sometimes they use the wrong flag from germany : http://news.nationalpost.com/news/nazi-flags-furious-protests-greet-angela-merkel-as-german-leader-arrives-in-greece http://rt.com/files/news/greece-protests-germany-merkel-946/demonstrators-burn-flag-emblazoned.jpg http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/greek-unions-hit-back-at-minimum-wage-cuts-1.1225493 sometimes they burn the eu flag for a change : https://rogerhelmermep.wordpress.com/2012/02/09/theyre-burning-the-eu-flag-on-the-streets-of-athens/ sometimes they prefer just to slander and insult merkel in the most retarted way possible : http://rt.com/files/news/greece-protests-germany-merkel-946/protester-plackard-german-chancellor.jpg i can keep doing this all day , please do n't make an idiot out of yourself by claiming that this is n't a common sentiment . 
  on the other hand i 've yet to hear news about germans burning greek flags in the streets . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  over here in germany we call out bullshit when we see it and do n't try to sugarcoat it . 
  and the bullshit i see and call out here right now is you trying to make it sound like anti-german sentiments are n't common among greeks nowadays . 
  it 's my money on the line here , why should n't i post about these matters ? 
  and you see naurgul , greco2k , neutrolgreek etc in all these threads as well , but somehow you do n't complain about their presence . 
  it ai n't my simple minded ass that 's going bankrupt right now . 
  i love how countries that are utterly unable to run a decent economy themselves try to tell actually successful countries how to handle this . 
  the reforms were showing positive effects in 2014 , then syriza got elected and fucked everything up again . 
  we had several patients with similar sicknesses in europe . 
  they all got the same treatment from the doctor , and it worked for patient portugal and patient ireland , but patient greece sits there throwing his pills away , refuses to stop smoking and drinking and bitches that the therapy does n't work . 
  do you deny the fact that greece borrowed and wasted that money in the first place ? 
  no one forced them to take these loans . 
  the sentiment is mutual ;-), 
  of course it went to the banks , that 's where the greeks borrowed all that money in the first place, 
  not burning our flag after we agreed to several hundreds of billions in bailout money for greece would have been a nice start . 
  the uk is not a member of the eurozone and thus has zero influence in how we deal with greece . 
  britain is a million times more relevant and important than your country ;-) . 
  edit : looking through your comment history makes me wonder if you ever made a post that was n't downvoted to oblivion immediately . 
  how much is putin paying you to post your bullshit ? 
  occupiers ? 
  there are no argentinians on these islands at all . 
  it 's only citizens of british decent who already held a referendum in which they decided that they want to stay british citizens . 
  you have n't even got a single hint of a clue about the mentality of 21th century germans . 
  i 100 % disagree . 
  kicking out greece means we do n't tolerate bullshit , nothing else . 
  you can , if you make sure that only more-or-less comparable countries join the union . 
  that 's why minimum standards were determinded as entry criteria for the eurozone . 
  greece was n't up to these standards but instead cheated their way in by cooking their own books and lying to everyone . 
  which lead them directly to the shithole they are in nowadays , and somehow its now everyones fault but theirs . 
  the grexit will actually strenghten the eurozone because the weakest link will be gone . 
  that 1:7 exchange rate between dm and schilling always drove me nuts as a kid on holiday in austria :-) . 
  at least dm : lira was 1:1000 most of time . 
  are you mentally retarded or something ? 
  that 's because they were never up to the standards required to enter the euro , thats why they had to fake and cheat their way in . 
  the grexit is only correcting this mistake and resets the eurozone to the way it was supposed to be . 
  because they mishandled their own economy way worse than everyone else and have a culture of tax evasion . 
  they messed up harder and thus now have to work harder to get out of this mess again . 
  would you prefer money without measures ? 
  good luck trying to sell this to the voters of the countries who are financing these bailouts . 
  then why do n't you make sure that what you claim is correct before you try to accuse the finance minister of germany of things he never said ? 
  it 's either lazyness or malevolence , both would be fitting for you . 
  you clearly tried to attribute this to the german finance minister , a clear lie which supports your anti german agenda . 
  do n't backpedal now , it makes you look stupid . 
  i can answer your question . 
  sch\u00e4uble did not say it . 
  now you are more educated than you were 5 minutes ago . 
  you are welcome :-) . 
  hopefully this will result in you posting less pointless accusations and vague anti german conspiracy theories in the future . 
  you claimed that sch\u00e4uble said it , not some random professor no one ever heard about . 
  try again though , it 's amusing me . 
  also , your tone says a lot about your upbringing and manners . 
  read more of greenspans articles , he says that greece will have to exit because they will default . 
  i love how you try to weasel out of having to post sources every time you are called out on your nonsense . 
  i ask for a simple source and you answer with a long essay about how hard it is for you to post sources to back up your bullshit :-) . 
  alan greenspan , among others . 
  do n't know where you are from , but my city frankfurt is booming and being modernised all the time . 
  100mbit cable internet is available everywhere , same as lte coverage . 
  streets are in good condition , public transport is working fine , i do n't have to wait long for doctor appointments , my little cousin got a kita place immediately . 
  whatever you think is wrong with this country , i sure do n't experience it here . 
  right now frankfurt is the city with the 7th highest quality of life on the entire planet , life 's good , ca n't complain :-) . 
  schools are getting closed because too few kids are being born . 
  and if you think german infrastructure is bad you have never travelled abroad . 
  fun fact : in the middle of a severe euro crisis sch\u00e4uble managed to balance germany 's budget . 
  varoufakis should take note how actually competent politicians do their job . 
  i wonder when this guy is actually doing his job as finance minister . 
  all i see is him giving interviews and making home stories for celebrity magazines . 
  austerity will save the euro from dropping to inflation levels like the italian lira of old . 
  you can not spent more than you make for all eternity . 
  proper fiscal policies combined with higher productivity are the main reason the northern states are better off than the south of the eurozone . 
  greece should take note how more successful countries handle their money instead of continuing to spent more than they make . 
  so again you post bullshit lies without sources . 
  did n't expect anything else from you . 
  whenever you get called out on your claims you instantly revert to `` i ca n't find the source now but i totally saw it all over the internet , pinky swear guys '' . 
  default means grexit . 
  he ca n't drum up support for defaulting while still wanting to stay in the eurozone . 
  not complicit ? 
  the greek population for decades enjoyed a standard of living that was far above what their countries productivity could realistically afford .
