  i neither claimed that we are either innocent or guilty . 
  i just pointed out that i did n't claim we were innocent after you brought it up out of nowhere , but i also never claimed that were guilty either . 
  if you want a decent discussion you should stop putting words in other people 's mouth . 
  and american companies will pay the price for these stupidities coming from your intelligence services . 
  german companies are moving away from american hardware and services , german users move their email accounts to german providers etc. 
  antiamericanism is on the rise around here just because your government does all this bullshit with a total lack of sense who their allies and friends are . 
  do you wan na stand alone in this world against everybody else ? 
  because that 's how you alienate and anger your friends . 
  first , where did i claim we were innocent ? 
  and secondly , that double agent was spying on our nsa scandal parliament commission , not on our arms industry . 
  the us of a is a much closer ally to us than russia , thus we expect a little more friendly behaviour from americans than from russians in that regard . 
  even the americans and the russians usually refrain from doing this in peace times . 
  yep , we have that nonsense law around here , it 's called `` vermummungsverbot ''  '' ( face ) covering ban '' , which is specifically banning face covers of all kinds at protest marches , as well as `` defensive gear '' such as hockey helmets during protests . 
  though switzerland and austria have similar laws in effect afaik . 
  some banks are state-run and thus indeed public institutions, 
  to be fair , some people lurk for years without making accounts . 
  the fact that his account is a day old does n't mean his first ever visit to reddit was in the last 24 hours . 
  he sure sounds like a racist fuck though . 
  i mad my case pretty clear all over this thread , and someone who is this butthurt over lowercase vs uppercase writing of simple words does n't even deserve a proper reply . 
  funny how you complain that i write turkish in lower case without even noticing that i did the same with german and polish, 
  the problem is that his audience in germany usually consists of lower class turkish immigrants with little education . 
  they do n't distinguish between `` assimilation '' and `` integration '' as concepts nearly as much as more educated people would . 
  if he screams `` do n't assimilate , do n't learn their language first '' into such a crowd then all they hear is `` do n't play by their rules , remember who you really are , you are turks , not germans '', 
  he did n't use those exact words , but some excerpts from his speeches make it clear : `` assimilation ist ein verbrechen gegen die menschlichkeit . 
  i understand very well that you oppose assimilation . 
  '' ''  `` they ( the germans ) call you guest workers , foreigners or german-turks . 
  but no matter how anyone else calls you : you are my citizens , my people , my friends , my siblings ! '', 
  ''  `` here in germany they have n't recognized the `` signs of time '' ( german proverb meaning the state of the current situation ) yet . 
  one has to learn his own language first , the turkish one , and thats too rarely the case nowadays . '', 
  ''  `` we have to inject turkish culture into european culture '' that 's called `` getting people not to integrate themselves '' around here . 
  learning german as the first language is the number one thing germans demand from immigrants so that they can integrate themselves . 
  to directly oppose that demand is directly opposing turkish integration in german society . 
  do you speak german ? 
  did kindergarten end early today ? 
  britain could export goods as well , if maggie thatcher did n't put an end to it by breaking your industry and unions ... and what my original post meant was that france and germany show interest in the european union and actually try to make it work better all the time , while cameron and his cronies tend to bitch and whine and blockade all day like little babies who refuse to go to the doctor until they got more candy from mommy ( or mutti in this case ... ), 
   franco-german interest that 's because france and germany are actually interested in the union . 
  he tries the same shit over here in germany . 
  that fuckhead comes here , rents a big-ass stadium , invites thousands of turkish immigrants and then tells them that they are turks first , should teach their kids turkish first and should n't try to integrate themselves into german society . 
  he even calls any german attempt to get turkish immigrants to integrate and assimilate a little `` cultural genocide '' . 
  germany should ban him from even entering our country on anything but official state business . 
  the turkish attitude toward all this immigration business and national identity issues is bizarre . 
  german football player mesut \u00d6zil was born in germany to turkish immigrant parents , went to german schools , has exclusively played for german teams all his youth and of course then proceeded to play for the german national team instead of turkey . 
  whenever germany plays against turkey , the turkish fans ( even if they were born and live in germany ) then scream insults at him and start to boo and whistle whenever he even touches the ball because they consider it treason that he is n't playing for turkey . 
  it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  this is exclusive to the turkish community , polish fans do n't complain that lukas podolski and miroslav klose , both germans with polish immigration backgrounds , play for germany , and neither do the spaniards start to bitch when half-spanish player mario gomez plays for germany . 
  a bar is not `` in public '' . 
  the owner decides who he serves . 
  you should take that kindergarten advice to heart . 
  people like you would have made a great career in the gdr . 
  how self entitled does a human need to be to demand that every single bar in all of germany caters to their demands ? 
  if i wan na open a sm club where i whip and get whipped all day would you demand i close it because you might get hurt if you ever set foot in it ? 
  and your comparisons are stupid . 
  if i order a beer and get poison instead then i am being served something that is n't advertised . 
  if i go to a smokers bar i expect smoke in the air . 
  if you ca n't see the difference here you should go back to kindergarten . 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment , as i absolutely agree with you :-), 
  like i said many times before , if the amount of people who prefer smoke-free bars is that big then the owners of smoke-free bars should have no problems running their business . 
  alas , it seems that a vast majority prefers to be able to smoke in a bar and thus those bars are more frequented . 
  if you do n't like it then nobody is stopping you from opening a smoke-free bar and become a billionaire with all your non-smoker customers . 
  air quality at the workplace ? 
  a ridiculous point , especially for those eckkneipen with only one room where the owner is also the barkeeper . 
  you want to tell this guy he has to leave his own bar to smoke outside ?? 
  and if people do n't like smoke in their work environment they can feel free to look for a job in a different venue . 
  outlawing smoking in a bar for employee health reasons is about as retarted as outlawing smoking in shisha bars or dutch coffeeshops . 
  people go there explicitly to smoke , it ca n't be compared to other work environments such as a hospital . 
  and those cigarette vending machines are next to the bubble gum machines has to do with the simple fact that they are often both owned by the same vending machine company , it makes logistical sense to have em close together so that the refill guy can do his job faster . 
  gum vending machines are a dying breed though , this wo n't be much of a problem in the near future . 
  my final point is simple : i stay out of your business , please stay out of mine . 
  i am a free citizen in a free nation , i like to be able to smoke with fellow co-smokers in a bar without being threatened/disturbed by a bunch of health nazis who think they can tell me how to live . 
  why do n't you open a non-smoking bar then ? 
  if there 's so many people who despise smoking that much you should have no problem finding customers . 
  people who try to enforce their way of living on other people disgust me . 
  nobody stops you from opening a non-smoker bar . 
  if there 's such a big market demographic who wants to frequent such bars then there should be no problem for you to fill that place with customers . 
  why on earth do you need to keep other people from enjoying their beer and cigarette ? 
  you do n't like smoker bars ? 
  do n't frequent them , simple as that . 
  german here , i call this living in the free world . 
  i am a smoker , and while i 'd never smoke near children or inside other peoples houses who disapprove of smoking i insist that is is my right as a free citizen to buy tobacco , open a bar that allows smoking and be able to frequent such bars . 
  i never understood why the non-smokers have to enforce their way of living nationwide . 
  smoke bans in pubs ? 
  please , if you want to open a bar that does n't allow smoking then its your good right to do just that , on the other hand a smoker should be able to open a pub that allows indoor smoking . 
  if a non-smoker does n't like it then he 's free to frequent another pub with different rules . 
  no need to get the state involved in this . 
  same goes for vending machines . 
  why the fuck would a non-smoker care about them ? 
  they use age verification systems to keep kids from buying smokes and do n't bother anyone else . 
  seriously ????? 
  german got makes me cringe every single time a place or name that has been germanized is mentioned . 
  watching that show in german gives `` fremdsch\u00e4men '' a whole new meaning . 
  seriously , if i became dictator of this country then the person who oversaw the got dubbing would be the very first person to be executed in public . 
  there is a much easier way to determine where the afd stands politically : you need to check which politicians from other parties want to work with them . 
  the cdu people in favor of cdu-afd coalitions are people like erika steinbach and christean wagner , the most rightwing of the whole conservative bunch . 
  if it walks like a duck and talks like a duck ... 
  over here in germany it 's very unlikely that the burglar is armed with a weapon in the first place and thus the person being robbed can be pretty certain that the burglar will take the tv/jewelry/money he can find and leave straight after . 
  the homeowner then calls the cops , lets his insurance company pay for the damages and thats it . 
  if on the other hand everyone and their grandmother has access to deadly firearms like in the us this leads to situations like the one at hand , crazy paranoid homeowners thinking they are john rambo shooting kids in their garage . 
  but to each his own i guess . 
  i take our german murder rate over an americans right to `` self-defense '' . 
  our law system has vastly lower rates of repeat offenders than the us , thats because resocialisation programs work .
