  ah this old bullshit again . 
  let me explain what happened here : greece had an underperforming economy for a long time but wanted to join the big boys club and thus borrowed money like a crack junkie on cold turkey . 
  when the euro was founded they lied and cheated their way in because they knew their economy was too weak to enter fair and square . 
  thus , they managed to rake up incredible debts and managed to conceal this fact because they were cooking their books . 
  now its payback time and suddenly they realize they do n't have the money to pay everyone else their money back . 
  the greeks , social and well raised as they are , decide the best course of action now is not trying to man up , save money , become more productive and raise to the challenge to pay it back , no , instead they decide its better to simultaneously beg and insult the richer countries of the eurozone . 
  germany ( and other nations ) kinda need their banks alive and thus agree to help greece out of their predicament by offering to loan them money under conditions that are way better than anything greece could get on the open financial markets . 
  greece decides that the austerity measures that are asked of it in return ( so this shit does n't happen again in five years ) are unfair and germany and the other loaners should not get their money back . 
  the main thinking error you make here is implying that greece never had that money . 
  they got it from the banks , but instead of investing it into something useful like a wise country would do they invested it in bullshit like olympic games and voter gifts to keep their electorate happy so they 'd get reelected . 
  they wanted that money , they received that money and now when its payback time they even get help from other countries so they can pay it back under better conditions . 
  but instead of saying `` thanks for helping us out of our own mess '' they continue to insult their helpers while simultaneously asking for even more money and refusing to get their budget in order . 
  that money reached athens , athens wasted it and now athens wants others to pay for its own mistakes . 
  it 's disgusting if you think about it for a moment , it 's basically fraud at state level , something thats utterly unworthy of an advanced western country imho . 
  the thing syriza has n't realized yet it that it would be utter political suicide for the other leaders of the eurozone to let them get away with their current course . 
  if refusing austerity and playing hardball with the eurogroup would lead to success for them then the governments of other countries that had to implement austerity would have a lot of explaining to do to their voters . 
  the governments in spain , portugal , maybe italy would fall really quick and be replaced with syriza lookalikes after the next election . 
  merkel would get crucified and burned at the stake by the german voters if she gave in after all these insults and threats . 
  and thats not even accounting for our finance minister sch\u00e4uble , the man with the lowest tolerance for bullshit in all of germany . 
  he 's raging and fuming about this 24/7 . 
  syriza is going all in , but the other side holds the royal flush and has more money to bet . 
  they utterly failed at their most important task : switching from election mode to government mode . 
  communist brothers from the far east that got invited as guest workers ( and were treated like shit , especially after the wall fell ), 
  it is being treated like s\u00fcdtirol , the poorer parts of germany are living on their money . 
  do they not have ec card readers and credit card readers at most businesses ? 
  just link it with that system . 
  fair point , i respect that . 
  at last some common ground . 
  i agree that the previous government , while still being incompetent , would have been cut a lot more slack by the eurozone for not behaving like a bull in a chinashop . 
  i expected nothing else from that syriza crook and his cronies . 
  this is getting ridiculous , let them exit and deal with their own shit all by themselves . 
  i 'd rather give my money directly to the banks that are getting ripped off by greece and not get insulted and lied to instead of transfering it to athens and get insulted in return . 
  reading the first few lines does not equal reading the source ... 
  if you were right then surely the next tranche would have been released by now . 
  syriza formed their government months ago . 
  but you are again incorrect , there 's more than one reason to withhold that money and thus it has n't been transfered yet ( and never will be as long as tsipras , varoufakis and their cronies keep up with their shenanigans ) . 
  did you bother to read any of my sources ? 
  except if i had voted for the previous government , which many greeks obviously did . 
  then i would accept responsibility and shut my mouth instead of insulting the countries that are trying to help me out of my self-created mess . 
  and if i had voted for another party i would still blame my fellow greeks before i 'd came up with the insane idea of blaming germany for greek fuck-ups . 
  he was good enough for you guys to become a head honcho at your national bank , i might as well quote the guy , he seems to be the best your country can come up with . 
  you are right ( for once ) , because most law experts agree that greece has to leave the eu as well if it wants to leave the eurozone , and thus as soon as the inevitable grexit happens they are n't our problem anymore in both organisations . 
  if i were a greek citizen i 'd be mighty pissed at syriza for pushing the country over the edge though . 
  it 's hard nowadays to quote a member of the greek elite who is not implicated in some sort of scandal , thats the core of your problem ;-), 
  you seem to confuse eu and eurozone , but i expected nothing else from someone who argues as stupidly as you do . 
  can you even read your own sources ? 
  it claims that the eurogroup was n't finished with its review of greek austerity measures yet , but expected to finish that review in a few months . 
  that review is the sine qua none condition for the next money transfer . 
  but then the wise electorate of greece decided to go full retard and elect tsipras and his cronies , who then proceeded to make everything worse , refuse further implementation of already agreed upon measures and antagonise the entire eurogroup . 
  thus , greece is still waiting for that next load of money . 
  you want facts ? 
  here are facts : `` against this background , we urged the greek authorities to continue working closely with the troika institutions on the outstanding issues , '' said dijsselbloem . 
  `` it goes without saying that this is a precondition for further eurogroup decisions on the outstanding final efsf loan disbursement and decisions on any follow-up support , '' he said . '', 
  they did n't sent that next transaction , from this fact you can conclude that they were dissatisfied with the way greece handled the agreed upon measures , and syriza is making everything worse by the day . 
  there are lots of human beings looking for a better life on this planet , that does n't mean that my tax money should be used to give it to all of them without anything in return . 
  tell the people in eastern europe or south america how bad life is in greece , i dare you ... and if putin wants to pay greeks bills he is welcome to do so , but somehow i got the feeling that he has enough common sense to stay far away from this whole mess . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052702304198504579571512860339986 https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/inter/date/2014/html/sp140905.en.html http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/27/is-the-greek-economy-improving http://edition.cnn.com/2013/11/11/business/greece-economy-on-path-to-recovery/index.html knock yourself out , cnn , the economist , the guardian , the wall street journal etc all seem to agree with me, 
  i get over this when greece starts to behave like a responsible nation instead of simultaneously insulting and begging the other eurozone countries for money . 
  no offense , but i trust the economists opinion more than yours , random internet person ;-) . 
  and greece needs to wait until it gets its shit together , which means they need to get rid of their massive amount of state employees , they need to become less bureaucratic and more business friendly , they need to collect taxes properly from everyone etc , until that happens they will be fucked , and they have no one else to blame but themselves . 
  tell me , in hindsight , was it a good idea to let greece enter the eurozone with their cooked books ? 
  from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syriza `` a broad array of groups ( thirteen in total ) and independent politicians , including social democrats , democratic socialists , left-wing patriots , feminists , anti-capitalists , centrist and environmentalist groups , as well as marxist -- leninist , maoist , trotskyist , eurocommunist , luxemburgist and also eurosceptic components '' sounds like a gathering of communists to me . 
  around here in germany it makes a difference if i abstain from voting or hand in an empty vote . 
  german parties receive money as campaign compensation , and they receive it according to the percentage of overall votes they received in the last election . 
  thus if i hand in an empty vote it is still counted as a vote , meaning the parties receive less money as they received a lesser percentage of the overall votes . 
  and reading through some of syrizas proposals and suggestions over the last few years , as well as seeing some highlights from their party newspaper makes me indeed believe that they are a bunch of crazy communist radicals that are utterly unfit to lead a nation . 
  greece has not followed the creditors prescriptions . 
  they have n't received another aid package in almost a year precisely because they are unable or unwilling to enact the reforms the troika is demanding , and they 've been doing even worse since syriza took power . 
  tell me what else syriza is supposed to be ? 
  they sure got the economic success of a communist government . 
  these background checks are pointless if the country that tries to get a loan actively takes measures to cook their own books ( like greece did to enter the eurozone ) . 
  if i go to a car dealership and hand the car salesman a faked bank account statement of mine so he can verify that i have the means to buy a car and he sells me one , is it my fault or his that i now ca n't pay him for the car he sold me ? 
  we now learned the lesson never to trust the greeks and their governments in financial matters , so at least we wo n't repeat that mistake anytime soon . 
  if i decide not to vote for a party i simply hand in an empty piece of paper at the ballot , i do n't vote for the crazy communist radicals instead . 
  i provided reputable sources , where are yours ? 
  to me it seems more like the world is unable to hold countries and their electorates responsible for irresponsible overspending that went on for decades . 
  i 'll take nothing and not having to keep throwing money at your thankless country . 
  oh i care about that money that your country borrowed . 
  you see , that 's the cultural difference here . 
  in my country the person taking the loan is responsible for making sure he can pay the other guy back , not the other way round . 
  you also try to rip us off with that line of reasoning . 
  greece wanted money , greece got money and now as soon as they wasted it all it 's suddenly unfair that they have to pay it back . 
  how is that fair towards the rest of the eurozone that you guys borrowed and now refuse to pay us back . 
  if you had bothered to read the article instead of simply looking at the funny bright coloured pictures you might have come upon this part : `` towards the end of last year , gdp started to rise again and unemployment started to fall , bringing a little relief to many impoverished greeks . 
  but since last month 's election was called , in december , macroeconomic indicators have started to head the other way . 
  government revenues have begun to fall , the trade deficit has begun to rise and unemployment resumed its upward journey . 
  the greek tragedy about syriza may well turn out to be that it knocked over the economic apple-cart when it was just about to reap the reward of its people 's sacrifices over the last few years . '', 
  i answered your question , you just seem unable to read . 
  let me spell it out again : over here we can afford the luxury of not taxing unemployed people because everyone else is paying their taxes and people vote for politicians that are n't entirely corrupt and incompetent . 
  that does not mean we are willing to finance that luxury for everyone else on the planet . 
  how you guys get out of your own mess is of little concern to me , i am just unwilling to pay for it with my own tax money that could be put to much better use over here . 
  greece has the nerve to keep begging other nations for money even if those nations have a lower gdp per capita . 
  go to eastern europe and tell the people there how bad it is in greece , report back how long they laughed in your face . 
  greece even has the audacity to try to stall paying back the imf , even though that means ripping off all the countries who paid into that fund . 
  check this list http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_monetary_fund#member_countries , there are loads of countries who contributed to that fund that are way worse off than greece . 
  and as long as greece keep the highest number of state employees per capita in government service compared to the rest of the eu and as long as the greek government fails at such fundamental basic tasks as collecting taxes from their own citizens it sure has n't learned its lesson yet . 
  where greece gets the money to pay their debts is not our concern . 
  syriza could try to tax the shipping industry for a change , but they seem unwilling to do so , but of course its easier to keep begging other countries instead of trying to collect money from wealthy greeks . 
  and over here in germany we can afford stronger social nets and welfare because we are an actual functioning first world nation with citizens who pay their taxes . 
  if greece has neither the productivity nor the tax paying morale of germany it can not simply expect to enjoy the same standard of living .
