  in in 2001 , when greece was admitted into the economic and currency union , people did n't look very closely when the greeks falsified their accounts . , 
  somebody should tell these syriza clowns that their country has already acknowledged the 2 +4 agreement . 
  germany has it in writing that they do n't owe greece anything anymore . 
  and any person with an iq above room temperature should realize that these greek shenanigans make it harder and harder each day for german politicians to explain to their own electorate why greece should continue to receive aid and assistance . 
  i live in frankfurt and carry a pocket knife/flashlight combination with me at all times , it 's not just for rural people :-) . 
  i was a boy scout as a kid though , it might be a leftover habit from those days . 
  to me it looks like syriza is looking for a way to exit the eurozone while being able to shift the blame for the grexit to the troika/germany/imf / anyone but greece . 
  well the northern , eastern and western periphery is looking fine , the south is in trouble . 
  rheinmetall is probably the most german-sounding name one could come up with :-), 
  nope , i am just making clear that claiming that wages have been frozen all over germany for the last 15 years is not the whole truth at all . 
  many people are doing just fine and would do even better if they did n't have to sent money to bailout other nations all the time . 
  my wage has been anything but frozen over the last 15 years . 
  i 've enjoyed constant yearly raises that exceeded inflation over the last decade . 
  your first paragraph shows the problem here nicely . 
  the money going to greece is to pay back loans greece took . 
  so of course it goes right back to the banks who granted that loan , but in the beginning greece received the original loan and did something with it . 
  so germany gives money to greece so they can pay back the loan they wasted in the first place . 
  that money was in greek hands at some point . 
  to allow greece not to pay it back would mean that other european nations have to pay for the money greece received and wasted in the first place . 
  oh yeah come over please :-), 
  no , but if you like it like that i can come over and give it to you and your whore mother :-), 
  if you think that capitalism is bad you clearly have never lived in a socialist or communist society . 
  why do n't you ask the citizens of venezuela how they like it . 
  maybe they are willing to answer you if they are n't too busy queueing for toilet paper . 
  your source claims that they started to truly question the data coming from athens in 2006 . 
  the euro was introduced in 2002 ... 
  do you deny that greece cooked their books to join the euro zone ? 
  if so you need to read up on the whole situation a little more, 
  do you claim that greece did not cook their books to join the euro ? 
  he was preventing tourists from being robbed , i do n't see the problem here at all . 
  nobody forced greece to lie and cheat their way into the eurozone.if they had n't cooked their books and lied to the other members they would n't have been able to join in the first place . 
  we were properly informed about the fact that there was a no bailout clause in the contracts . 
  ai n't our fault that your politicians did n't see fit to inform you of the fact . 
  citation needed, 
  are you even mentally capable to write a single post about germany without world war or nazi references ? 
  it 's the other way round . 
  politicians and citizens from southern europe who thought this shared currency is some sort of free german-sponsored social program for unproductive and corrupt nations are in for a bad surprise . 
  if you make the claim you got ta provide the source , that 's how it works around here ;-), 
  countries like slovenia and romania have less wealth per capita and still manage to run better social welfare systems than greece . 
  they have the means , they are just too stupid to make proper use of them . 
  proper tax collecting and less corruption would be a good start . 
   the alternative to what syriza is asking for is that millions of greeks will be pushed into poverty and death i love this hyperbole , you make it sound like greece is down to the level of somalia or north korea . 
  try to tell a person from sub-saharan africa with a straight face that you think some wage cuts and higher taxes means greece is doomed . 
  hours worked and productivity per hour are two very different things . 
  if germans manage to generate more wealth in a 40 hour work week than greeks manage to generate in a 60 hour work week the german was still more productive and gets to enjoy a higher standard of living . 
  as someone whose tax money was and is used to pay war reparations for wars that happened before i was even born i feel little sympathy for greeks complaining about the fact that they have to suffer for shit their government pulled off quite recently . 
   nobody believed the confrontation would occur in europe , or at all for that matter . 
  you should have a closer look at one of these things called `` history books '' . 
  i have n't read such bullshit in a long time . 
  the thing is that those german assholes you just posted did n't manage to take over the country in recent months . 
  around here we ridicule those fucks , in greece they manage to put tsipras into power . 
  you conveniently forgot to mention the main reason why west germany received so much assistance after ww2 : to become strong enough to serve as a buffer zone against a soviet invasion of western europe . 
  being the designated main battleground for ww3 was a big part of the deal , but somehow people who argue your stance always seem to forget that bit of info ... 
  you make a very good point there , because seeing as all of germany took the blame for the atrocities of nazi germany this means that yes , citizens are held accountable for things their elected officials do . 
  germany is still paying reparations to holocaust survivors , if i followed your line of reasoning we should have stopped doing that the moment the nazis lost power . 
  well the countries who handle their finances responsibly seem to run a lot better than the countries who like to waste money 24/7 . 
  and i ask again , which first world nation did you enhance with your unlimited knowledge of economics ? 
  what makes you more qualified than sch\u00e4uble and his advisors and what references can you produce to demonstrate you know more about these issues than the german government ? 
  tsipras promised lots of presents to his voters for being elected without actually coming up with a plan how to finance this shit that goes beyond `` we blackmail germany '' . 
  excuse us for trying to protect our savings from freeloaders . 
  germans too like their money being put to good use in their own country . 
  and who voted for these politicians again and again ? 
  you should ask around the open markets under what conditions they 'll be willing to loan money to greece right now . 
   germany 's position that there should be no transfer union makes no sense . 
  germanys position on the matter is one of the founding pillars of the eurozone . 
  germanys electorate would never have agreed to the euro without this clause , and fortunately our politicians know that they commit political suicide the moment they wan na change this . 
  the reason greece is fucked now is because their economy was n't good enough to join the eurozone in the first place , but greece solved that little problem by cooking their books and lying to the other member states . 
  we would n't be in this mess if greece had played with open cards and were thus refused entry to the euro . 
  greece is lashing out like a madman at some of its closest allies and friends , not the other way round . 
  ask the people of spain and portugal what they think of tsipras and his cronies right now ... 
  go ask the finnish people , the dutch , the people of eastern europe etc if they villify germany . 
  protip : most of the non-piigs member states are rather happy that germany leads the charge and takes all of the heat of them while they can silently agree with our position . 
  i love how all you armchair economists think you know more about running a continents economy than the experts sitting in germanys ministries . 
  if spending money they do n't have would be the answer to all of greeks problems they would be a world-leading economy by now , because they got the whole spending part really figured out . 
  you do realize that the nein campaign is only 2 weeks old and was started as a reaction to all the vitriol coming from athens over the past few years ? 
  there 's also a big difference between a privately owned newspaper talking shit vs elected government officials talking shit . 
  die zeit not a reputable news outlet ??? 
  what are you on about ? 
  it 's one of the most respected newspapers in all of germany . 
  of course we are n't the only taxpayers , but as a german i speak from my country 's perspective , the sentiment should be quite similar among many other member states though , and as long as germany pays a major share of the money involved here ( to the point that a bailout for greece without german backing would be impossible ) it sure is n't `` indignation bordering on arrogance '' but simple facts being stated here . 
  it 's the other way round . 
  varoufakis and tsipras now have their much-touted rendezvouz with reality , and greek voters should finally be able to realize that their new king is n't wearing any clothes . 
  it 's funny and sad how the greek government thinks they can call the people who keep their country afloat nazis and sharks while the greek government keeps demanding more money without being willing to agree to conditions . 
  what do you think this looks like to the average german taxpayer ? 
  they insult us , they do n't give a shit about contracts they entered with us and still they believe we keep financing this shit without any guarantees from their side . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  tsipras seems to have completely forgotten that politicians in other states are also being held responsible for their actions by their voters . 
  a german government that would simply give in to the arrogant greek leadership at the moment would simply be committing political suicide , and neither merkel nor sch\u00e4uble are this stupid . 
  and asking the baker to collect due taxes from his employees is n't too much too ask . 
  the mentality among germans has turned in the last few months . 
  before the syriza clowns took power the german electorate was more or less split on the issue , but nowadays it 's almost impossible to find a german that still agrees that we should bail out greece indefinitely . 
  the rhetoric coming from athens is disgusting and utterly unworthy of the values of the eu . 
  well it is the quote most used among german newspapers today , i only resorted to the guardian article to find an english source to post , but this very quote is on the frontpage of spiegel online , die zeit and quite a few other major german news sites . 
  i used a direct quote from the article , and imho the most important quote of the entire thing , where is the problem with that ? 
   wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the german finance minister , who has been feuding with varoufakis for weeks , declared that the outcome of the fractious negotiations would be decided by the troika . 
  he repeated the term several times , despite the new greek government 's insistence that the troika is dead . 
  rp and the express are large newspapers , and the s\u00fcddeutsche is one of the most important german papers . 
  here 's a focus article from jan 1 : http://www.focus.de/regional/koeln/in-der-silvesternacht-frauen-am-koelner-hauptbahnhof-sexuell-belaestigt_id_5184802.html here is germanys largest private tv channel rtl on jan 1 : http://rtlnext.rtl.de/cms/koeln-gruppe-von-40-taetern-belaestigte-frauen-in-der-silvesternacht-2620470.html german presseportal from jan 2 : http://www.presseportal.de/blaulicht/pm/12415/3215530 but yeah , keep fantasizing about a media blackout lol . 
  read my post again , i posted nationwide newspapers and their articles from january 2 . 
  your statement is plain wrong .
