  people only end up in australian camps if they decided all by themselves it 's a good idea to try to immigrate illegally to a country they 've never been to and whose language they do n't speak . 
  if you ca n't see the difference here you should go back to primary school . 
  amnesty international sure did n't get to visit and photograph early nazi concentration camps . 
  lol , so much bullshit in such a short post . 
  it 's amazing . 
  you sure have no idea what a nazi concentration camp looked like , even the early ones . 
  i love how you try to put words in other people 's mouth because you do n't have any proper arguments to make . 
  `` oh no , he disagrees with me . 
  he must be a nazi/ultranationalist '' - every naurgul post ever, 
  right of asylum covers war refugees , not economic refugees . 
  and if these guys just wanted to escape from a war zone they 'd stop in italy . 
  there 's a reason they continue on to germany , and the reason is germanys strong social net , courtesy of the german taxpayer . 
  if you 'd learn how to read back in primary school you 'd have understood that abbotts approach had the desired effect of preventing refugees from drowning . 
  it 's the eu policies that motivate people to try to cross the mediterranean and drown in the process . 
  australia 's approach prevents this , europe 's approach encourages it . 
  compare their number and size to the colonies of other big european powers please . 
  also take into account which former colonies are hellholes and which are n't . 
  who is we ? 
  germany did n't take part in the war against iraq , did n't bomb libya and has good relations to most countries in the middle east.why are immigrants from the middle east my problem ? 
  sent them to america , not germany . 
  oh i forgot , that 's impossible because the us actually has sane immigration policies that look after their own citizens first and everybody else after . 
  but if you love the idea of a limitless stream of unskilled immigrants into european social systems why do n't you start with housing some yourself instead of demanding that everyone else agrees with letting them in ? 
  we can argue about the necessity of granting asylum to prosecuted war refugees , but i absolutely oppose lax immigration laws for economic immigrants who just want a more prosperous life courtesy of the european taxpayer . 
  how many illegal immigrants from africa have you sheltered and fed at your home recently ? 
  i 'll be very surprised if the number is above zero . 
  my german government explicitly refrained from taking part in the bombing of libya , and historically germany did n't have many colonies . 
  so why exactly is this my problem to deal with ? 
  well at some point family members will realize that the guy they sent to australia has not managed to get there and start a new life . 
  this will heavily influence the decision making process when think about pooling money to pay the smugglers to send the next family member . 
  i never thought that the day would come on which i completely agree with tony abbott , but he 's definitely right on this issue . 
  ask yourself what is more humane and ethical : to suggest to people from poorer countries that they have a chance at a better life in europe if they are willing to cross the mediterranean in a rusty , overloaded tincan , a journey many wo n't survive , or to make it absolutely clear that the voyage is pointless and thus preventing people from trying to cross . 
  those imaginary digits had real market value and greek people used them to buy actual real world things . 
  stuff like olympic games . 
  do n't pretend the greeks did n't ask for and received real hard cash that they wasted all by themselves . 
  part of the whole austerity deal is actually sticking to it for a few years and not starting to rehire every person that was fired the second a new government is elected . 
  for austerity to be working it 's also required that a country has that whole tax collection thing under control . 
  got any arguments to disprove his point ? 
  because he 's absolutely right . 
  the second we give in to syriza in greece is the second everyone in the club med will think '' hey let 's just vote for a socialist government and start to threaten everyone with a default . . then the germans will open up the piggy bank for all of us asap . 
  worked fine for the greeks '' . 
  can you see why a northern european gets a little mad when everyone in the south keeps shouting `` transfer union '' instead of trying to reform their backwards economies ? 
  the greeks were the ones who wasted the money they borrowed in the first place . 
  we are the ones having to pay up for their mistakes right now , so excuse us for being a little mad . 
  can i use that argument in regards to the holocaust ? 
  i did n't know they turned the book into a movie . 
  it was an astonishing read for me a few years ago . 
  the netherlands play better football than east germany though, 
  the netherlands . 
  strong economy with heavy focus on sea trade , pretty girls , good weed , and we 'd forever become unbeatable in football competitions :-), 
  schr\u00f6der introduced the hartz reforms , something greece desperately needs right now, 
  fair point , i can actually agree with most of it, 
  it 's aimed at extorting the german taxpayer out of his money , because for tsipras and his cronies that 's preferable to having to play hardball with the own electorate and finally enforce some proper reforms to get greece back on track . 
  a five year old can see through this charade . 
  do you honestly believe that there was n't any agenda behind releasing these numbers at this precise moment ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32202768 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/12/german-anger-over-greek-demand-for-war-reparations http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/06/greece-puts-figure-of-279bn-on-claim-for-german-reparations they sure are testing the waters , but by now i am not entirely sure if the conflicting comments you hear from athens every day are due to disagreements within the government or just another sign of syrizas incompetentness . 
  it 's either shady or unprofessional , maybe both . 
  ever notice how the right-of-center countries have mostly far better running economies than the left wing countries ? 
  they all agree because it 's common sense among people from countries that function well . 
   guess who was in government during the period that the lagarde list was n't investigated ? 
  parties that were supported by most austerity-friendly ez governments . 
  thats your countries problem in a nutshell . 
  half the population engages in tax evasion and as soon as a foreigner points it out you start blaming the greek government , the other nations of the eurozone , maybe even santa claus and the easter bunny , but not the population of greece which is the main guilty party here . 
  and all the things i 've seen about tsipras and his government make them seem somehow even more incompetent , amateurish and plain old thuggish than the previous government . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_evasion_and_corruption_in_greece  in the last quarter of 2005 , participation in tax evasion reached an estimated 49 % of the population , [ 2 ] while in january 2006 it fell to 41.6 % . 
  [ 2 ] a study by researchers from the university of chicago concluded that tax evasion in 2009 by self-employed professionals alone in greece ( accountants , dentists , lawyers , doctors , personal tutors and independent financial advisers ) was $ 28 billion or 31 % of the budget deficit that year also :  the greek government has refused to look into a list of 1,991 potential tax evaders with swiss hsbc bank accounts it received in 2010 from former french finance minister christine lagarde . 
  initially , officials claimed at various times to have lost or misplaced the information . 
  on 29 october 2012 the government changed its position saying it would not use stolen information to prosecute suspected offenders . 
  we received similar data about german tax evaders from a whistleblower in switzerland and the german government immediately jumped on the opportunity to catch those fuckers . 
  our country made hundreds of millions through this , and even high-ranking and well-known tax evaders got caught and sentenced because of this ( a famous example is the former boss of the german mail service , klaus zumwinkel , who had his house raided on live tv to the amusement of many germans ) fun fact : greece is the only eurozone country that has an entire wikipedia article dedicated to tax evasion inside the country . 
  seeing as germany catches most of the flak coming from greece , even though lots of other countries share the same tough stance towards greece i say my point still stands . 
  finland and the netherlands are absolutely in agreement with the german stance but i 've yet to see people burning dutch or finnish flags in athens . 
  germany has far and away the most complicated tax code in the entire world and it still does n't keep the majority of the population from properly paying those taxes . 
  it 's a mentality problem , when people do n't pay their share it and especially rich people do n't have to pay at all its ridiculous to ask other countries for help without sorting out the mess at home first . 
  it truly baffles me how major parts of the population can try to rip off their own country like that without feeling shame . 
  around here tax evaders are regarded as utterly antisocial elements of society , they sent the goddamn president of the bayern munich football club to prison last year for tax evasion . 
  it baffles me that greece has problems doing the same . 
  how is sending bailouts worth hundreds of billions to greece `` being rude '' exactly ? 
  i swear , no other country has ever taken so much shit for just trying to help out another country than germany does right now for helping greece . 
  oh , and finally : what israel is doing in regards to the palestinians has nothing whatsoever in common with the treatment of jews in nazi germany . 
  report back to me when israeli doctors vivisect palestinian babies and when the smoke of crematories full of palestinian bodies fills the sky over jerusalem . 
  palestinians are somehow the only `` genocide victims '' that somehow manage to increase their population all the time . 
  i just wish they 'd use all that manpower in the ministry of finance to take care of tax collection from the greek people . 
  we were doing ok before the euro , do n't worry about us , better worry about the south ;-), 
  i 'll take option three : get rid of all the weaker southern economies and form a proper eurozone with countries that can keep up with germany . 
  your first sentence pretty much sums up the situation at the moment . 
  cuba , venezuela , the soviet union etc. 
  should by now have demonstrated to even the most retarded person that socialism is a really stupid idea . 
  because parts of syriza still try to go ahead with these bullshit policies . 
  fortunately the northern states of europe are wise enough not to finance the spending spree syriza would like to start without any reforms in return . 
  they ca n't , because once a leftwing government takes power and has to take responsibility it usually finds out that money does n't fall from the sky and socialism does n't work under real life conditions . 
  without condition goes both ways . 
  we ca n't kick greece out , but the euro was founded on the principle that it was not to be a transfer union . 
  germany is n't obliged to keep paying for greek bailouts whatsoever . 
  the only offensive thing is the greek attitude towards other people 's money . 
  `` why should we collect taxes from our own people if we can just blackmail and extort the stupid krauts '' is all we are hearing here . 
  you want some cheese with your whine ? 
  greece simply changed governments within the same democratic system . 
  the third reich was dismantled , split up and replaced by something else entirely and the new states lived under allied/soviet occupation for half a century before being reunited . 
  if you ca n't spot the difference here i advise you to check in to your local mental institution . 
  and your username checks out .
