  this was done through ridiculous overspending . 
  i call this very complicit . 
  and people like you always conveniently forget that germany only received aid after ww2 so it could serve as a strong buffer zone against the soviets . 
  being turned into the designated main battle ground for ww3 was part of the deal . 
  and fun fact : germany only stopped paying ww1 reparations a few years ago . 
  do n't lie and make it sound like all german debt was forgiven by selfless victors decades ago . 
  another fun fact : measured per capita the bailouts for greece have now already reached 6 times the volume of the marshall plan germany got . 
  but unlike greece germany managed to turn this money into the wirtschaftswunder . 
  i am offering my arguments all over this thread , you are the one who quickly resorts to retarded accusations of racism as soon as you run out of arguments . 
  its more than fair , everybody also conveniently likes to forget that we are lending them money far below real market conditions . 
  we are helping them wherever we can , they are just unwilling to bite into the sour apple themselves because tsipras and his cronies do n't want to piss off their voter base , which they only got by making ridiculous promises before the election . 
  you also seem to forget that these kinds of bailouts were explicitly forbidden in the euro treaties , it was specifically not to become a transfer union . 
  considering this fact a hundreds-of-billions bailout is rather generous , would n't you agree ? 
  finally , they are not the only country that needed money , ist not like the entire eurozone besides greece enjoys perfect conditions right now and is just waiting to help them because they do n't need their own money atm . 
  if he wasted his money as irresponsibly as greece did i 'd have no problem telling him not to go on holiday , not to buy a new tv , not to raise his kids allowance and lots of other things until the debt is paid . 
  he gets food , water , electricity and oil for his heater , and he sure as hell will have to put in at least as many working hours a day as i do , working every job he can find no matter if he likes it not . 
  if he 's got an awesome camaro in his garage that 's the first thing he 's got ta sell before i even think about borrowing him money . 
  and if his house is too expensive for him to pay the rent for he also would have to move to a smaller flat before i 'd consider handing out money . 
  we are not talking about a few measly billion for greece here , we are talking about bailouts in the hundreds of billions . 
  you should leave your little bubble once in a while and listen to people who actually understand these matters . 
  the entire eurozone is shaking their heads in disgust and horror at the way the greek government ( old and new ) keeps fucking this up . 
  they 've managed to alienate even vital supporters like junckers in the last few weeks . 
  greece will exit the eurozone within the year , it 'll be their downfall for decades and they 'll have no one but themselves to blame . 
  of course most of it went to the banking system , thats where the greeks originally borrowed it from . 
  if we gave it all to the greek people as a handout we would have let them take the money twice . 
  if i borrow money from my bank and then waste it all and ca n't repay my loan and then have to ask my friends to borrow me money then of course that money needs to be used to pay back my loan before i buy myself new stuff for myself . 
  if would be pretty pointless to just give that friend money without making sure he uses it to pay back his loan as then he would owe two entities their money and ca n't pay back either one . 
  the alternative would be a union of countries with at least somehow comparable economies . 
  a northern euro consisting of germany , austria , france , the netherlands , finland etc. 
  agreed , but most people who are experts in advanced industries that germany has needs for usually do n't come from africa via rusty boats over the mediterranean . 
  fun fact : granting loans below below normal market conditions ( like greece is receiving right now ) is also a form of money transfer , something which was expressly forbidden in the euro treaties . 
  not having to pay for the economic sins of the other members was the sine qua none condition for germany to enter the euro in the first place . 
  every german politician who would try to change that into a transfer union forever might as well resign immediately . 
  they lived farther above their means compared to the other nations , it 's only logical that they have to undergo tougher austerity measures . 
  if person a managed to rake up a debt of 10000 $ and person b managed to rake up 25000 $ and both have comparable incomes then of course person b has to work harder and save more money for a longer time to get their finances in order again . 
  okay i think we found some common ground here :-) . 
  that would also be a good way to employ some refugees from war zones immediately , someone from syria could be used to determine if another refugee is really from syria . 
  if a person lost their passport then they better be able to speak the language of their claimed home country perfectly and be able to answer detailed questions about the area he/she claims to be from . 
  you can probably determine if a person is lying about this or not with pretty good accuracy if you really try . 
  i have nothing against taking in war refugees , but i feel no responsibility to take in and finance economic immigrants . 
  i think this is less about germans not wanting to help poles or lithuanians against russian invasion but more specifically germans not wanting to engage in war at all as long as german territory is n't invaded . 
  germans have been told for 70 years that the army is only there for domestic defense , which has its reasons in ww2 and the aftermath . 
  germans were basically told and educated to be pacifists now and it is so ingrained into german culture nowadays that whipping germany into a war mood is borderline impossible now for any reasons short of a direct attack on germany . 
  unlike in many other nations soldiers are n't glamourized and seen as heroes around here . 
  if someone signs up for the army then most people assume he 's a right-wing idiot who could n't find a proper job in the economy . 
  there is no veteran day or something similar around here , being a soldier is nothing people admire you for . 
  the allies tried to remove the `` war gene '' from the german culture and they succeeded . 
  this is why germany doesnt invest much into its own armed forces nowadays , its why germany did n't take part in the bombings of lybia and iraq and thats why germanys army can ( unlike most other nations on earth ) only be unleashed by a parliamentary vote , not just the head of state/government . 
  disclaimer : i am not trying to defend this stance , i think its stupid and selfish , especially considering the fact that nato protected us from the soviets for decades , but this is what you get when you try to pacify a nation for 70 years . 
  no help whatsoever if a person can not prove their country of origin . 
  i am still waiting for that answer . 
  i know . 
  are you gon na answer his very simple question now or not ? 
  so you ca n't answer his simple question , just what i expected . 
  well a good first step would be for all those immigrants not to throw away their passports before they reach europe . 
  many do this precisely so they can claim to have come from a war zone because they know full well that economic reasons are n't enough to gain asylum . 
  why do you say `` we '' ? 
  germany did n't take part in that bombing campaign and received lots of shit for it from france , the uk and the us . 
  to find would be `` finden '' in german though , the shortcut would be the same anyway in this case :-), 
  russia was specifically excluded by op for this thread though . 
  not really . 
  most people would prefer only having criminals murdering each other over terrorists targeting the population indiscriminately . 
  you make it seem so self - evident that you should have little problems with answering his simple question . 
  maybe they should n't have voted for syriza then . 
  the previous government was incompetent as well , but at least they had the good sense not to piss off the troika 24/7 . 
  strg-f `` germany '' and no result . 
  i 'll consider this as a major compliment only 70 years after ww2 :-) . 
  well he was asking about europe , not the eu, 
  at least you realize i am correct on this issue . 
  ah so now it 's our fault that they cooked their books . 
  people like you make me feel sick . 
  it 'll strengthen the union in the long term . 
  greece does not belong in the euro zone . 
  their economy is too weak , that 's why they had to cheat their way in in the first place . 
  kicking them out is just restoring the euro zone to the way it was supposed to be , a union of nations that all truly and honestly fit the entry criteria . 
  tsipras and varoufakis have repeatedly threatened everyone else that they might refuse to pay back their loans . 
  quit your bullshit , no one is buying it . 
  you are blatantly spreading lies and misinformation here . 
  finally someone is speaking sense in this thread, 
  citations from credible sources are really needed here . 
  your bullshit would be hilarious if it was n't my money that 's on the line here . 
  germany went unpunished because they did n't have to beg anyone else to bail them out , only then does it become a problem that concerns others . 
  getting the greek fraudsters out of the eurozone will be a success of the eurozone , not a failure . 
  it will reinstate lawful conditions under which greece could never have joined the eurozone in the first place if they had n't lied about their numbers . 
  please always remember that they cheated their way in . 
  lots of countries ca n't afford western european health care standards on this planet . 
  that does n't mean that we need to finance it for all of them . 
  if you neither have the productivity nor the tax paying morals of a true first world nation you obviously do n't get to enjoy the same standard of living . 
  if greece does n't like this mist vital and fundamental pillar of the eurozone then maybe they should n't have cheated their way into the club in the first place . 
  pacta sunt servanda , you should try that novel concept in greece someday . 
  first you say this is the real proposal , then you have to change your statement minutes later because you already got called out on your bullshit and been proven wrong . 
  fits my impression of your lack of grasp on the situation . 
  how about you educate yourself a lot more about this whole matter and then return to the discussion once you have gotten even a tiny clue what you are talking about ? 
  unlike greece you do n't need to worry about our economy mate . 
  it 's our business how we spend our money as long as we do n't have to beg our neighbours to safe us from bankruptcy . 
  greece had to make bigger cuts because they fucked up more . 
  it should be obvious that nations who handled their money better now have to undergo less strict austerity measures . 
  this is explicitly forbidden under eurozone rules . 
  bailing out other nations was something the treaties forbid for very good reasons . 
  and they had to use part of it to pay off earlier loans because they borrowed and wasted money before as well .
