  turns out that poles have a proper work attitude , the czech republic can produce cars that hold up to german standards and the estonians and romanians got this whole it business all figured out . 
  now the next group comes and suddenly its the eastern europeans with the same bullshit . 
  it 's actually rather ironic to watch from over here . 
  totally calm , and little difference to the way it was a few years ago . 
  we got a guy from syria as a new trainee at my company and he 's doing very well , his german skills are improving fast and he is highly motivated and an all-around nice guy . 
  i also have relatives in smaller villages that received many refugees , and they too say that the situation is unusual but entirely manageable . 
  do n't believe the bullshit fear-mongering you read everywhere . 
  while there are surely problems , especially in poorer regions , we still have n't turned into some mad max apocalypse as everyone on the internet makes it out to be . 
  over the last 100 years we 've dealt with 2 world wars , 40 years of division and the reunification and we always came out on top . 
  we can do this . 
  our german voting system is different though . 
  even if the afd suddenly gains 30 % there would be a grand coalition of most of the other parties in parliament to keep them from power . 
  the syrian trainee at my german company hates assad , the russians and isis equally, 
  china is actually a far more rational and self-controlled actor on the international stage compared to russia under putin, 
  i prefer hetero sex with your mother :-), 
  stupid , ignorant , uneducated , prejudiced , rude . 
  take your pick . 
  see my reply to the other redditor who just asked that question below my comment, 
  ah you are one of those guys :-), 
  her stance against russia ( eu sanctions ) after russia stirred up shit in ukraine , her conduct during the refugee crisis , her generally calm , controlled and rational demeanor and approach to politics etc etc. 
  i get the impression that my country is in good hands right now . 
  just compare her to other leaders of the world : america is pretty close to electing a tv celebrity fascist , england is governed by the likes of boris johnson , hollande is weak and rather incompetent , russia is lead by an ex-kgb dictator and spain ca n't even elect a proper government . 
  i 'll take our slightly boring but intelligent and reliable quantum physicist over any of those people . 
  which says more about you than about german opinions, 
  german here , i voted for the social democrats in the last few elections , but merkel has seriously impressed me with her conduct over the last few years , to the point that i seriously consider voting her and her party during the next federal elections . 
  she 's a blessing for my country , especially when compared to people like hollande , cameron and putin . 
  the u.k. is unpredictable right now when they are insane enough to leave the eu . 
  preparing for the worst case is a very sane approach for germany at the moment, 
  because the u.k. is about to leave the union and putin has been on the warpath for years now, 
  good writeup , thanks !, 
  french assault rifle for sale . 
  condition like new . 
  never fired and only has been dropped once :-), 
  you are mistaken . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/armed_forces_of_the_netherlands germany cooperates with the dutch government and they even have some units consisting of german and dutch units , but the netherlands definitely have their own armed forces . 
  that 's because most big manufacturers moved away from berlin when the city was divided ( sometimes even earlier during ww2 when bombings intensified ) . 
  siemens is a well-known example of this , as are many big german insurance companies . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with your statement , i am just genuinely curious what your criteria are for what makes a great country ? 
  the price for being able to put nukes on turkish soil was the cuban missile crisis . 
  the us will not just give up their nuclear presence in the country that easily . 
  remind me again , on which continent is the western half of istanbul situated ? 
  i am pretty sure it 's not antarctica or australia . 
  wo n't be needed , as brits wo n't be able to travel to all those fancy mediterranean beaches as easily as before anymore :-) in the future we shall use eu-flag towels instead of german ones to block the sun chairs at dawn, 
  we learned our lesson back during d-day . 
  never again will germans leave a beach unfortified, 
  there 's only no reason to do this if you do n't give a fuck about human lives, 
  the geographical entity europe and the political entity european union are two very different things . 
  and europe, 
  the czech border is an hour away from munich, 
  the inbreeding part is meant culturally , not genetically . 
  it 's about the impact of immigrants on culture and society , not the gene pool . 
  our german budget is balanced out ( schwarze null ) , how much more austerity do you want ? 
  one of the reasons why germany just recognized the armenian genocide was precisely because germany admitted that the german government back then knew of the genocide and was an accessory to it , or at least let it happen without interfering at all . 
  this admittance pissed off turkey to no end , so the accusation that germans sweep that part of their history under the rug to keep their relation to turkey in good shape is ridiculous . 
  and especially angela merkel has been opposing a turkish eu membership for a long time now . 
   my point is , absolute certainty is n't impossible . 
  you ca n't put `` we execute murderers , but only if they are really , really guilty '' into law . 
  either you have the death sentence or you do n't , but every piece of empiric data we have on the subject indicates that there will always be a certain percentage of innocents getting caught up in the system and being sentenced to death for crimes they did n't commit . 
  so if you are in favor of the death sentence then the question of how many innocents you are willing to kill to be able to execute someone like breivik is a very valid concern . 
  we also have historic ties between . 
  the ottoman empire was an ally of the german reich . 
  france also has a tendency to build their nuclear power plants right next to the german border, 
  you seem to have major problems differentiating between the eu and europe, 
  neither georgia nor ukraine are eu or nato members , big difference, 
  at least the french government is n't trying to fuck up their country 's future for shits and giggles like cameron just did . 
  there were also lots of europeans who had sympathy for hitler pre-ww2 , does n't make hitler a good guy . 
  putin is a despot and war criminal who does n't give a fuck about his own population or anyone else besides himself and his oligarch cronies . 
  his propaganda channels distort his public image and some people are stupid enough to fall for it ( people like you ) , that does n't change the facts . 
  afd , fn etc are right-wing by every definition of the term . 
  and people who vote/support right-wing parties are thus also right-wing . 
  exactly . 
  germany for example has one of the biggest and most advanced arms industries in the world . 
  if a serious threat arises we just stop exporting all that high tech weaponry for a while and use it ourselves . 
  germany also has the know-how , infrastructure and ressources to build atomic , biological and chemical weapons of all kinds on really short notice if needed . 
  russia knows that . 
  russia has a gdp comparable to spain and italy , they do n't stand a chance against a concerted defense effort of the eu . 
  he 's spot on about the crimea-sudetenland comparison . 
  there 's a reason why all the far right extremists in europe ( fn , afd etc ) love putin to the point of having the kremlin finance their campaigns ... 
  over here in germany we put people into prison for denying the holocaust happened , meanwhile the turkish government punishes people who say the armenian genocide did in fact happen . 
  the two situations could n't be more different from one another . 
  yes , the russians steal entire parts of the country, 
  show me a single poll that shows a majority for any candidate besides merkel . 
  i voted spd during the last two elections and do n't have the shadow of a doubt that merkel will win again if she decides to run for office again . 
  there is no realistic coalition option without her and the cdu leading it . 
  spd and gr\u00fcne wo n't form a coalition with the linke because of fundamental differences in important areas ( nato membership etc. 
  ) , and no one is even remotely willing to cooperate with the afd ( which by the way is losing loads of support atm due to ridiculous and rather hilarious infighting ) cdu-spd or cdu-greens are the only realistic options at the moment , and in both cases merkel stays chancellor . 
  i doubt even putin is insane enough to find out ;-), 
  you do realize there are western european nations with nukes ? 
  and germany ( like japan ) is considered a one-screwdriver-away nation when it comes to wmd 's as all the know-how , infrastructure and ressources to kickstart a nuclear weapons program are already there . 
  russia knows that . 
  russia would also face the combined armies of the largest economy of the world while they themselves have the gdp of italy . 
  you should look up how representative democracy works you vote for your representative in the european parliament . 
  i did n't directly vote the german chancellor as well , just one of the parties that then in turn voted for her . 
  nah , we got the same stereotype over here :-), 
  the financial crisis hit most of the developed world pretty equally , this right here is a mess that concerns britain a lot more than the rest of the world . 
  so norways society , one of the most free , equal and prosperous on earth , is the reason why breivik felt the need to express himself by murdering almost a hundred kids ? 
  you fucking rightwingers are so far removed from rational thinking and reasonable debate that it would be hilarious if the rest of us did n't have to share a planet with you guys . 
  her teeth were in good condition, 
  that would be pointless because those 1000 pounds ai n't gon na be worth shit for the foreseeable future . 
  do you believe it 's gon na go up until all this mess has been sorted out ?
