  for people who are n't roleplaying as countries you guys all sure make a point of including your countrys name in your usernames ;-), 
  they fucked up harder , of course the measures to get their economy back on track would be tougher . 
  if i have a debt of 1000 euros with my bank then i have to work less hard to pay it off than my neighbor who has a debt of 5000 euros and keeps wasting money on bullshit . 
  and there is very good reason not to cut greece more slack here . 
  it 's a slap to the face of all the countries that stuck to their austerity plans to give greece a free pass now . 
  why would an irish or portuguese citizen be willing to support his countries austerity if he sees that greece can just say `` fuck this , i am not paying my debt ) and gets away with it . 
  like i said , there 's indeed speculation that merkel wants to be the first german chancellor to retire on her own accord without being voted out of office , but she has n't said anything herself yet . 
  you 'll know once she does , because the succession fight inside the cdu will be epic ... and i like when people can acknowledge when they are in the wrong :-) . 
  only a greek would call hundreds of billions in bailout money anything other than solidarity . 
  that money rescued your country from total collapse and gave you a chance to get your shit in order , that chance was wasted again and so here we are now with the same problems again . 
  portugal and ireland meanwhile stuck to the austerity plan and are well on their road to recovery . 
  they proved that austerity works , but only if a country sticks to the plan till it gets better . 
  greek economic indicators were facing upwards at the end of 2014 . 
  the light at the end of the tunnel was there . 
  and then the wise electorate of greece decided to elect syriza and fuck it all up again . 
  the problem is that previous greek generations abused this hard . 
  see here : http://www.forbes.com/sites/walterloeb/2012/06/17/retirement-in-germany-may-rise-to-age-69-while-greece-is-at-age-58/ even if greece changes this right now there 's still loads of pensioners living in retirement who have n't worked as much in their work life as people in other eu states . 
  so the other ez members should keep financing greece forever because some greek voters might feel hurt ? 
  good luck trying to sell this to the countries paying the tab . 
  especially good luck with trying to sell this to poorer countries with lower pensions who still helped bail out greece . 
  quite a risk he 's taking here . 
  if he 's wrong that means he gambled away his nations future because he was too scared to cut pensions for his voters . 
  how about you provide a source for your claim that merkel does not want to run again . 
  german media did speculate that maybe she wanted to become general secretary of the un later in her life , but she never ruled out running again . 
  trust me , i 'd know because there would be a big fight in the cdu about her succession right now , and there 's no sign of any of this . 
  if greece had n't borrowed money like a junkie on cold turkey there would be no need for bailouts today . 
  greece wanted that money , got that money , wasted that money and now wants other countries to pick up the tab and it disgusts me . 
  we agree here ( though i see the fault of borrowing such extreme amounts of money more on the greece side . 
  no one ever forced them to borrow like madmen ) 2 . 
  sure , greece borrowed from german banks and now is unable to pay them back in full . 
  this endangers our banks , and as we kinda need them ( germans would lose their own money if they went down , pension funds etc are handled by these banks ) we want to stop this from happening . 
  so of course its obvious that the bailout money mostly goes to those banks . 
  it is n't there to support a first world lifestyle for greece citizens , its there so you can pay back your loans . 
  if we just gave the money to the citizens of greece without enforcing that the money is used to pay back their loans we would have given them the money twice with nothing in return . 
  kinda unfair , do n't you think ? 
  greece would never have been in any position to borrow these amounts of money if they had n't cheated their way into the ez first . 
  the banks trusted them because they had managed to fool the other member states into thinking that their economy was up to the task . 
  that 's the fundamental problem here . 
  greece was n't supposed to be in the ez . 
  the entry requirements were put in place precisely to prevent something like this and greece circumvented it by cooking their books . 
  they lied to the other member states , they lied to the banks and suddenly everyone is at fault but themselves . 
  removing greece from the ez is only correcting that mistake . 
  i like to see some credible sources on all your claims here before i comment . 
  see 4. , you made the claim so you got to provide the source . 
  i am doing the opposite of running away from the debate . 
  i am here in this thread pointing out the bullshit of the article op posted . 
  you do n't seem to understand the things you are writing . 
  see how you can actually learn something from those evil germans :-) . 
  now if only your government was willing to listen to some external advice once in a while we 'd all be better off . 
  must be nice to live in a world full of conspiracy theories where everyone but greece is at fault , makes it easier for you and means you 'll never face your own countrys severe mistakes . 
  there are very few contenders in her own party . 
  it 's likely that she 'll try again , and if she does n't it 'll still be her party that 'll suffer at the next elections if the cdu tolerates syrizas shenanigans much longer . 
  she never ruled out running again . 
  just pointing out that you are even too stupid to properly copy and paste or at least write the name of a user you are debating with here all the time ;-) . 
  strg-c and strg-v are useful shortcuts , and now you are a little more educated than you were a minute ago , you are welcome :-) . 
  even the article made it clear that this only works for issues that allow the current head of government to survive the next election ;-), 
  `` i do n't care what you say about me , just spell my name right '' - p.t. 
  greek citizens are draining the target2 funds knowing full well that they 'll never be able to repay it . 
  that 's a fact . 
  that 's understandable from a greek point of view ( who does n't like free money after all ) , but that does n't mean that i as part of the ripped-off party here should n't point it out and complain about it . 
  linklater11 , have you forgotten to take your pills again today ? 
  r/conspiracy is over there fun fact : germany would n't give two shits about greece if greece was n't trying to freeload on other eurozone members . 
  they can run their country however they like as long as they are n't using our money to do so . 
  also , this part  unless it is a request that could get a german government voted out of office -- such as george w. bush 's bid for support of his invasion of iraq in 2003 -- something that is strategically important to washington is extremely likely to find agreement in berlin is the problem , here , bailing out greece again and thus effectively turning the eurozone into a transfer union is what will make german voters vote for someone other than merkel if she continues to tolerate the bullshit coming from athens . 
  the author of that article has no clue about the state of german politics . 
  merkel is already under fire from parts of her own party . 
  people here do n't realize that she 's the one who likes to keep greece in while her party threatens to refuse to agree to further bailouts . 
  sch\u00e4uble is especially pissed off by now . 
  you ca n't even get my name right , after all the nice attacks you were making on me i hoped you 'd at least know who exactly you are attacking ;-) also , putting an r / before the user name is wrong , i do n't have my own subreddit on this website . 
  you accuse me of reactionism and dishonesty and then say that sinn would be proud of me , clearly insinuating that he shares these negative attributes with me . 
  you are either too stupid to understand your own words or are doing this two-tongued bullshit on purpose . 
  and you guys wished you had capable economists like sinn instead of idiots like varoufakis . 
  ( see , that was an attack on someone , and unlike you i stand by it and wo n't try to deny that i attacked varoufakis in my next post . 
  it is called honest debate , try it someday ), 
  `` clearly it 's a problem but your characterization of it ( robbing blind ) is reactionary tripe and entirely dishonest ( once again ) . 
  hans-werner sinn would be proud of you . '', 
  thats an attack on both me and sinn . 
  quit your bullshit please , you know very well what you wrote just a few hours ago . 
  badly . 
  it 's dividing the people of europe because the citizens of the better-functioning economies rightfully complain that they have to pay for other nations economic fuckups . 
  the only reason the german voters ever agreed to adopting the euro was that the eurozone was specifically never to become a transfer union . 
  at least some common ground here :-) . 
  and who do you think will run that country in a decade or two ? 
  the common greek worker or the dude who studied politics at college ? 
  i 've laid my points and arguments out all over this subreddit many times . 
  you are the one who brought nothing new to the table except a completely stupid attack on one of the worlds most respected economists . 
  fun fact : ecb printed money is also partly german money . 
  it does n't just appear in the ecb tower in frankfurt , actual functioning economies have to back it up for it to have any worth . 
  something that will cease to happen with the new drachma you guys will get to enjoy soon . 
  these were college circles . 
  i wondered what the common greek is like if the supposed intellectual elite is already behaving like this . 
  i 've seen my fair share of the exarchia-type ultra-leftwing greek college student , and they sure did n't manage to make me feel more symphatetic to their country as a whole . 
  i 've spent time in greece and with greeks . 
  one thing always stood out to me : their tone in these debates is much more aggresive and anti-german than the tone of irish and portuguese people . 
  i 've had discussions at german erasmus parties with citizens of all three countries and i 've seen greeks call germans nazis for suggesting that this might be a homemade greek problem which had a lot to do with their culture of tax evasion , cronyism and refusal to tax their own rich shipping industry properly . 
  these people threw tantrums like little kids while they were enjoying cheap university housing and college education courtesy of the german taxpayer . 
  hans-werner sinn has a much better grasp on the current situation than your entire government combined , if mister game theory superstar would have bothered to listen to sinn once in a while then greece might actually have a chance to recover . 
  and you are delusional if you really believe that anything other than total collapse awaits greece if they default and exit the euro . 
  yes i do , but it requires a few things to happen in greece . 
  first and foremost they need to start taxing the shipping industry asap .
