  besides that , as a german who tends toward the left of the political spectrum i have no problem with being proud of my country and heritage , but i accept that the holocaust and the atrocities are part of that heritage and must not be forgotten . 
   but i 'm trying to judge it on it 's own , without the history attached . 
  why would you try to judge a memorial without considering the history behind it ? 
  why should it be `` beautiful '' ? 
  when i first visited the memorial it make a big impression on me . 
  the thing is that as soon as you stand between two of those blocks , all the noise around you is blocked out and you ca n't hear or see anyone around you even if they are just a few meters away . 
  for me the immediate association was that you can stand in the middle of the german capital and be completely on your own with no one to help you . 
  a rather powerful reminder of the shoah if you ask me . 
  there was nothing nuanced about his speech . 
  his own ultra rightwing party afd wants to expel him from the party because the speech was considered way too extreme . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/germany-afd-iduskbn15s18a also , talking about `` 1000 years of german history '' in german has clear connotations to hitlers talk of the 1000 year reich , it 's a dog whistle for certain voter demographics . 
  and we are talking about a single memorial here , it 's not like there are n't loads of momuments to other parts of german history spread out all over the nation ( and especially berlin ) , but h\u00f6cke wants to get rid of the one holocaust memorial we have . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/18/world/europe/germany-afd-alternative-bjorn-hocke.html h\u00f6cke basically called the holocaust memorial in berlin a shame and disgrace for the country , in a tone that made it clear he wanted to get rid of it . 
  35 million people sitting on shitloads of ressources , and in one of the few places that might actually benefit from global warming ( more farmable land , easier access to oil/gas under the arctic ice ) . 
  do n't underestimate canada . 
  i am getting tired of all this winning already :-), 
  deal !, 
  if we buy sicily then all the sunbeds will forever be reserved for german tourists though . 
  removing a germans towel will be punished by death . 
  it would solve the local tax evasion problems real quick though :-), 
  add to that the fact that many mayors and high ranking officials in east germany are from the west nowadays . 
  there are state governors of east german states that only moved to the east a few years ago . 
  imagine some dude from germany or france running a greek province . 
  keep in mind that while west germany poured loads of money into the east , we also proceeded to take and sell off many of their assets . 
  if southern european states want similar deals that 's probably fine with most germans , but it is wrong to assume that the west just gave away money for free . 
  personally i think the whole list is missing an important indicator of freedom : speed limits . 
  nations that enforce a general speed limit on all roads are by definition not free . 
  only germany has evolved towards a better society in which free citizens can drive 300 km/h on the autobahn without fear of prosecution or repercussion by a dictatorial state that does n't trust their own citizens to handle a car . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  americans circlejerk about their freedom all day without taking the real world into consideration . 
  greece if turkey is the one who illegally entered the other nations airspace . 
  the us has those protections but still hunts whistleblowers mercilessly . 
  it 's one thing if those protections exist on paper and another if they are actually enforced . 
  germany for example has less freedom of speech protections compared to the us but is consistently rated higher in freedom of the press polls because the actual real world situation is a better work environment for journalists compared to the united states . 
  i went there last august , totally magnificent castle . 
  it 's also not just for tourists , people actually still live within the castle gates . 
  we shall allow you to enter the next eurovision , it 's like being a prospect at the local hells angels chapter :-), 
  holocaust denial should be illegal as article 1 of the german constitution clearly states `` the human dignity is inviolable '' , and denying the greatest atrocity in world history clearly violates that law . 
  and i always get the impression that people who deny that the holocaust happened are the kind of people who wish it would happen again . 
  we are simply learning from bad experience and acting accordingly . 
  there are often protest marches in germany that criticize the israeli government and their settlement policy . 
  i do n't know where you got the info that doing so is illegal but you might wan na change your primary news sources for more credible and informed ones . 
  merkel knew that the courts were gon na drop the case and thus she let the case proceed . 
  now that the case has been dropped she can say she did n't interfere with the law and that the german separation of power works just fine . 
  i feel sorry for north koreans , but out of those three kom jong un worries me the least considering the total impact on the rest of world . 
  germanys economy got better because chancellor schr\u00f6der , unlike the leaders of southern europe , had the balls and the foresight to enact vital reforms in germany . 
  the hartz laws saved our economy , nothing else . 
  you are assuming that economic data coming from greece was accurate back in the days . 
  which i doubt , because the data they presented to be allowed to join the euro was most definitely not accurate but in fact had been cooked on orders from the greek government . 
  sure , the situation sucks for the average greek , but as long as the country has such extreme tax evasion and does n't even tax their own shipping industry it 's kinda ridiculous to expect the rest of the eu to pay for their mistakes . 
   more austerity , which has been known to be an economy killer since the early 2010s unlike inflation , which works soooo well / s seriously , if all the economists of southern europe know so much better how to handle this issue then why was n't southern europe a heaven of prosperity and economic growth all along ? 
  i ask for sources and you come up with youtube ? 
  no respectable newspaper to back up your bullshit claim ? 
  what 's next , infowars ? 
  citation needed . 
  neither rt nor breitbart please . 
  not until the police shoots first , same as ukrainian people who only returned fire once yanukovychs cronies started firing at them for no reason . 
  ask the citizens of donetsk how bloodless and peaceful putins landgrab went . 
  i am using this fact to point out that the current government of ukraine disapproves of militias that fire at protestors while the current russian government approves of such units , especially in areas they have taken with force . 
  berkut got dissolved right after the protests . 
  that should tell you all you need to know . 
  fun fact : there is now a new berkut unit on ukrainian soil , the russians founded one in the parts of ukraine they just annexed . 
  berkut fired first , that 's a fact, 
  is there an actual point you are trying to make here ? 
  i ca n't tell, 
  stop distorting facts , it 's silly and makes you look like an idiot, 
  this happens every year in germany , and our riot police does not react with mass incarcerations and unchecked violence against everyone , and they sure do n't react with indiscriminate sniper fire into crowds of protesters while using live ammunition . 
   the german riot police stomps the fuck from people that even remotely try to act violent during the protests . 
  actually german police are usually pretty decent in their behaviour at large protest marches . 
  the only notable exceptions were the s21 protests in stuttgart , parts of the anti-nuclear protests in the 80s and the annual labor day riots on may 1 . 
  source : am german , like to protest, 
  so no one called her a nazi . 
  then why would you claim it happened ? 
  the violence was initiated by the berkut troops send in by yanukovych . 
  maidan was a peaceful protest until the government forced an escalation of violence . 
  lack of oxygen is what usually kills people in an avalanche . 
  and freezing to death , as bizarre as it sounds , is actually one of the least painful ways to die for a human being . 
  citation needed that germanys press is generally leftwing . 
  if most newspapers seem really leftwing to you that might be because your political stance is far to the right of the center ;-) . 
  over here in germany it is customary that political parties face the press at party meetings , somehow only the afd and other ultra rightwingers seem to have a problem with that simple concept . 
  i think you never had one in the first place ;-), 
  what is your point again ? 
  feel free to go to any major us related sub and tell them that afghanistan was n't a proper war :-) you are even less knowledgeable than i thought at first lol, 
  germany was invited to join the war in lybia , kosovo , afghanistan , iraq etc. 
  facts do n't seem to be your thing mate ... 
  last i checked germany was not dragged into that pointless war and fischer was everything but a hippie, 
  german green politician joschka fischer was vice chancellor and foreign secretary under chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der . 
  you might remember him as the dude who told rumsfeld to stfu when rumsfeld presented his `` evidence '' against iraq at the un before the invasion . 
  i call that power and influence . 
  his quote `` mr. secretary , i am just not convinced '' became legendary . 
  i bet you a hundred dollars here and now that merkel will win the next federal elections over here in germany . 
  should be easy money for you if you are so sure about winning in 2017 ;-) . 
  common , man the fuck up and put your money where your mouth is . 
  he 's not just living in the wrong decade but the wrong century with his backwards attitude . 
  citation needed, 
  if merkel only cared about votes she would n't have taken such a strong stand on the refugee crisis . 
  her husband joachim sauer is the chemist , she 's the physicist in the family :-), 
  my own country germany is governed by a quantum physicist though , and her government was the one that finally decided to get rid of nuclear energy completely . 
  and i am quite sure that merkel knows more about the pros and cons than most of reddit combined . 
  frankfurts crime rate comes from financial crimes , drug crime and everything related to its massive airport ( smuggling , illegal immigration etc ) .
