  incriminating yourself before the tax inspectors come knocking at your door usually lowers your sentence in germany, 
  mcdonalds recently started selling currywurst in germany , those sausages are all produced by his factory . 
  no it does n't make sense , as it enables bastards like hoene\u00df to get away with tax evasion for years without facing justice . 
  read my post again , he was counting on this agreement with switzerland and only the fact that it failed finally made him go to the police and incriminate himself . 
  germany would n't have heard about his tax evasion at all had the agreement been passed . 
  it 's important to note how important and widely known uli hoene\u00df is in germany . 
  he 's the president of bayern m\u00fcnchen , runs a meat processing company that is a main supplier to mcdonalds and is widely regarded as an honest and extremely successful businessman . 
  many people hate him for his association with his football club ( as many supporters of other clubs despise bayern m\u00fcnchen ) , as he is the `` godfather '' of his club , and in extension of german football in general , but everybody always thought of him as an honorable and charitable man that would never do something despised and filthy as tax evasion . 
  it 's the number 1 topic in german news right now and overshadows the beginning federal election campaigns , as the cdu ( merkels party ) and the rivaling spd completely disagree about how to deal with german money thats stashed away in tax havens like switzerland ( the cdu wants an amnesty to encourage people to transfer their money back to germany while the spd wants to punish the tax evaders with no chance for them to resolve their crimes in anonimity , its one of the major differences of opinion between our two biggest parties . 
  the cdu wanted to put that amnesty into law a few months ago , the spd blocked it and now hoene\u00df has confessed that he was betting on that amnesty loophole and only incriminated himself after it had failed to pass ) oh , and we ai n't talking about a million or two , he allegedly stashed away between 200 and 400 million euros in swiss bank accounts . 
  he also went on record shortly before the scandal broke with saying that `` my football players play one half of every game just to pay taxes '' . 
  and finally , all this has been released to the public in the week before munich plays barcelona in the champions league semifinal . 
  they are playing the season of a century and this could quite seriously hurt them and fuck it all up , the pressure on the club is unbelievable right now . 
  to lead would be `` f\u00fchren '' in german , which is why hitler was called `` f\u00fchrer '' ( leader ), 
  well i took some inspiration for my own facial hair style from his [ magnificent beard ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/hans-werner_sinn.jpg ) [ case in point ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3hhuiju.jpg ) :-), 
  thatcher is a very special case because many people from different countries have very good reasons to hate her . 
  i am german , and around here she was seen as a major opponent to the german reunification ( because she feared the economic power and ambitions of a reunified germany ) and thus does n't have many friends around here . 
  she stands for everything we dislike about british culture , the isolationism , the constant living in the past , the capitalism-on-steroids attack on the idea of the european welfare state etc. 
  so yeah , some beers were had after the news of her death , and i do n't feel the slighest bit of shame for drinking them . 
  mind you , we do n't celebrate every controversial politicians death like that , but she truly was a special case . 
  the funny thing is that almost no one agrees with these guys but they could take some crucial votes away from merkels coalition in september and thus help the spd/greens to win the federal elections, 
  she feared a reunified germany , and she was quite content with the fact that the division of germany kept it in check economically and regarding its ambitions in europe . 
  she tried to prevent it in the turmoils of the late 80s but in the end was overwhelmed and caught off guard when former german chancellor helmut kohl took the initiative in 89 . 
  she often commented negatively on germany and its people and is rumoured to have stated that `` her image of germany has been formed during the blitz and has n't changed much ever since . '', 
  she has also stated in her biography that the reunification of germany was the only event in which she she has completely failed to stay true to her policies and convictions and that is why she does n't have too many fans around here . 
  though to be fair she has also stated that she ca n't in good conscience damn the east german people to live in socialism , her idea was to have two independent democratic german states . 
  german here , we remember here mostly as a major opponent of german reunification , she definitely was n't well liked around these parts . 
  approving putin needs to be made into a meme asap . 
  the woman to the right of merkel seems to be loving it too :-), 
  putin could be the male model in an axe commercial , they just need to add the scene where he sprays himself with it before going on stage and then bam topless ladies running at him from all directions . 
  i love how it 's somehow our fault that your country was too stupid to realize what debt it can or ca n't handle . 
  around here the guy who borrows the money is responsible for making sure he can handle the loan and pay it back . 
  but maybe that 's just a little cultural difference ... 
  if tsipras wins you 'll exit the eurozone and default as a nation . 
  to do so you must exit the eu as well , which means you 'll lose access to our common markets and eu funding . 
  ask argentina how well that whole defaulting thing works out , people tend to want their money back ... http://www.forbes.com/sites/afontevecchia/2012/10/05/the-real-story-behind-the-argentine-vessel-in-ghana-and-how-hedge-funds-tried-to-seize-the-presidential-plane/, 
  how about you say `` thank you '' once in a while . 
  i hope you realize that a pretty sizable part of the german population wants to leave the eurozone and stop bailing out countries like greece ? 
  and should that ever happen you fellows will be bankrupt and on the fasttrack to economic hell in no time . 
  it 's merkel who 's fighting for you guys , even some of her own coalition members oppose the bailouts by now . 
  and btw , i am still waiting for the italians to pay for the roman invasion of germania , those fuckers murdered my grandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrand-father after all . 
  this idea is awesome ... but sooo much potential for trolling and flashmobs once we figure out when which city cam is being broadcasted :-), 
  that 's a price we should be willing to pay to guarantee freedom of assembly and protest, 
  it 's more like everyone else ridiculously overprices beer , it 's the lifeblood of our nation :-), 
  the banks are n't being saved to make some managers happy , they are being saved so that welfare systems , pension funds etc. 
  of entire nations do n't go under . 
  i absolutely agree that englands and luxembourgs banking sectors are doing the same shit and should change their business models . 
  switzerland is neither part of the eu nor the eurozone and can thus do whatever it wants ( i do n't approve with their system either , but they are n't part of the club and do n't have to follow the club rules ) . 
  cyprus asked for our help , it always sounds like some german politicians force those poor southern european heads of state at gunpoint to do what we say . 
  no one forced cyprus to join the eu , and no one forced them to accept our help , but if they want our help they better accept the fact that there are gon na be conditions . 
  you think merkel can just hand out checks for free to all the piigs countries ? 
  she is being held responsible by the german voters , and of course we demand guarantees and securities from other nations who request our help , and we were pretty pissed off when cyprus tried to make a deal with russia behind our backs only to come crawling back once they realized that the russians wo n't help them . 
  the reality is that those southern european politicians fucked over their own countries through stupidity and incompetence and now try to shift the blame to someone else . 
  and when a country ruins itself while trying to fuck over the other club members by acting as a tax haven it should be obvious that their own bank accounts and the bank accounts of the people who used that country to hide money from other governments ( thus robbing other nations of their tax income ) should be depleted ( or at least partly depleted ) before a single cent of german/dutch/finnish / etc. 
  money is being used . 
  i am fine with that over-100k-only-rule my own government first suggested , no need to go after some poor guy with a few thousand euros on his bank account , but someone with hundreds of thousands of euros stashed away in a bank in cyprus probably knew exactly why he stashed it there and not in his home country and deserves to be forced to pay for parts of the bailout . 
  we do n't want to control the eu , its just that no one else has the economic power and wealth to save this ship from sinking . 
  we are getting an idea what it must feel like for americans all the time : no one else has the power to fix shit , but when we start to fix shit everyone else starts to blame us for trying to solve their problems . 
  i am truly getting sick of all the blame we get for enforcing austerity measures . 
  all of southern europe lived well above and beyond their own means for decades and now that this policy is catching up with them its somehow our fault because we are the ones telling them that they ca n't go on like that , and even suggesting that we will only help if those countries agree to start to handle their money more responsibly is instantly countered with accusations of german hunger for power and domination . 
  it 's like a drug addict who emptied his bank account to buy some more smack and then requests a bigger loan from his bank so he can buy even more smack . 
  then the bank employee tells him `` ok , but you got ta start spending less and actually make an effort to get off the drugs before we give you more money '' and the the addict starts screaming at the bank employee that he 's a nazi because he 's not just handing out money for free . 
  you guys ca n't go on like that and if you got your head too far up your ass to realize that then we have to force you to start making some changes . 
  you conveniently forget to mention that moscow was bleeding the country dry by demanding that the best engineers and scientists went to russia , that many of east germanies better products went to russia etc. 
  my point stands , the ddr was one of the most capable economies of the warsaw pact and was only collapsing because the soviets bled them dry . 
  the people of cyprus seemed to be just fine with their country being set up as a tax haven inside the eu , their business model was fucking over other countries by allowing easy tax evasion . 
  i 'd call that parasitic behaviour . 
  the german `` spiegel '' had a very interesting article a few days ago about the correlation of money transfers and flight traffic of private jets ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/zypern-privatjets-fliegen-besonders-oft-nach-russland-a-889760.html ) . 
  check this little infographic about jet landings and destinations in cyprus : http://cdn2.spiegel.de/images/image-474849-galleryv9-jcup.jpg usually the main business and import/export partners of a country can be easily determined by the number of starts and landings from private jets from different countries . 
  so when a nation does 25 % of its business with state a then around 20-30 % of all flight traffic of private jets will come from state a. 
  meanwhile , cyprus does only 1 % of its import/export business with russia , but russian planes make up around 25 % of the overall flight traffic . 
  now anyone can take a wild guess what the russians are doing there ( hint : hiding money from the russian government ) . 
  and now when they ca n't handle their own shit anymore and need the rest of the eu to bail them out they start to cry and whine like little babies because the evil nazi germans have the nerve to ask for some participation from the people of cyprus , just a little bit of their own money to aid in the overall effort to keep their little tax paradise from collapsing . 
  and it was n't even the germans who came up with the idea to tax accounts under 100k euros , that idea came from the cyprus government and was conveniently blamed on germany once they realized how pissed their own citizens became . 
  but instead of asking themselves if they should maybe run their half of their little island a little different they instead resort back to the simplest , most retarded of arguments `` omg evil germans and evil bankers try to destroy our paradise '' . 
  i am getting tired of it . 
  i know that `` banks bad , germans even worse '' is an easy argument that resolves the poor citizens of greece and cyprus of all responsibility for the mess they are in , but even a child should be able to realize that it 's bullshit . 
  i sure know where i ai n't gon na spend my summer holidays this year ( and the next decade for that matter ) , i guess i 'll go visit our newest member croatia instead . 
  they are happy to take my money without insulting my country for aiding them . 
  bullshit , the ddr had one of the stronger economies inside the warsaw pact and was bled dry by the soviets , not the other way around . 
  the problem with english football is that the skill levels of the premier league clubs are too far apart . 
  there are a handful of really rich clubs with excellent squads who play out the championship among themselves while the rest of the league has no real chance at winning the championship . 
  in germany it 's pretty common even for clubs from the lower third of the league to be able to raise hell against the big shots like munich or dortmund . 
  my team frankfurt just came up from the second division this season and are in reach of the champions league now . 
  we also have full stadiums every weekend at just about every match , while english teams tend to have very high attendance when the big boys play against each other while a match between two weaker teams often has only half the seats in the stadium filled . 
  but unlike the spanish and italian clubs at least you guys do n't drown in debt :-), 
  ask the argentinians how well that works out , people tend to want their money back ... http://www.nypost.com/p/news/national/high_eize_yo4pzls9lcfrl4biougzhp, 
  do n't know why you are being downvoted , austria has done much less to cope with its past and and their involvement in the atrocities of the third reich than germany did . 
  they still believe that they are somehow the first victim instead of a willing supporter in all of this , and many austrians act accordingly in blissful ignorance to this day . 
  hello oh merciful belgian overlord , what can your servant do for you today ? 
  same here , but for me the most awesome part about it was something else entirely : i grew up in frankfurt , near one of the largest american air bases outside the us , and that meant that all the crazy fighter jets and bombers sometimes filled the skies over frankfurt during my childhood . 
  i got to see a b-2 in real life before i ever saw one in a movie :-), 
  fun fact : we are probably one of the few countries on earth that do n't mind allied `` occupation '' . 
  many cities with army bases are already worried about the decline in sales and economic activity that will set in after the soldiers leave . 
  this also means i 'll lose access to all the american foods and groceries ( beef jerky and spray cheese ftw ) i always bought through a friend who is stationed at ramstein :-(, 
  we are still occupied by belgium ?? 
  note to greece : we will come and collect licensing fees for that , and you are broke already, 
  italy , we really need to sit down and talk . 
  what the fuck ? 
  like i wrote , we do n't distinguish by ethnic groups ( big no-go since the last war ) , only by whats written on the passport .
