  and unlike you guys , they joined the euro and thus deserve and receive much more of our help than britain . 
  if you choose independence from the eu ( ro ) club , thats what you get in all aspects of life . 
  if you wan na keep the pound instead of joining forces then deal with your economic problems alone , thank you very much cameron was the only one who announced even before the last summit that it was highly likely that he would veto . 
  no one else came into these negotiations with such an egoistic sense of entitlement . 
  even hungary , who complained loudly as well before the summit about certain clauses was willing to negotiate and make amends , sweden and others said they might have to consult their parliaments or people first , but britain walked in there with an attitude that guaranteed to make the summit fail . 
  he threatened everyone with a veto before the negotiations even started and probably could n't have moved on the issue even if he wanted because he backed himself into a corner by making guarantees for the city of london without which he 'd veto , thats not how civilized people negotiate , it 's the kind of veto bullying america , china and russia usually pull over various un decisions regarding israel , iran etc anyway , i said it before and i 'll say it again , britain does n't seem the least bit concerned with any eu interests that do n't completely match its own agenda , as long as this remains the case , no one in continental europe needs britain as part of the eu club and britain should not expect any economic aid whatsoever if they keep preventing everyone else to do something about the core reasons for these crisis edit : one of the french diplomats said it best : britain behaves like a man who wants to join a swinger party but does n't want to bring his own wife, 
  we have to protect the european economies , and they are under constant pressure and attack from the financial sector , we have to do something about it and as you guys were foolish enough to make yourself so dependant on this sector . 
  its unfortunate but in the end your own fault as a nation that you will suffer heavily from everyone else doing something about the problem . 
  the economic well-being of the other 250 million eu citizens is in the end more important than being gentle to the british financial sector , do n't you think ? 
  imagine britain was depending on an arms industry instead of a financial industry and would flood the continent with guns , which everyone used to kill one another . 
  at one point politicians and people from other nations say enough is enough , we cant have these weapons that people use to murder each other , we have to restrict them and their producers . 
  imagine british politicians then crying foul `` you ca n't do this , our economy depends on producing and exporting arms , if you restrict it our economy will suffer and our citizens become unemployed '' . 
  do you think the wellbeing of that industry and the national economy it depends on would be more important than the rest of the continent ? 
  `` its this financial industry and its crazy shenanigans that brought us into this crisis and the 2008 one in the first place . 
  our banks pulled the same shit as yours '' in my post i claim specifically that our banks are just as responsible as yours , the difference is that britain is a lot more dependant on the financial industry than most other european nations , which is tough luck for you guys because its obviously gon na hurt you more than other countries when we start tackling the bank problem with a financial transaction tax , and we need to do just that because its only fair that the banks that helped cause all this have to pay their share to fix it, 
  are you serious ? 
  you are honestly questioning that greedy banks were a major reason for the last two financial crisis ?????? 
  if you really need basic education on something this wildly understood and agreed on here we go : http://money.cnn.com/2008/12/01/news/ignored_warnings.ap/index.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subprime_mortgage_crisis#high-risk_mortgage_loans_and_lending.2fborrowing_practices http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601039&amp;sid=akv_p6lbnidw&amp;refer=home http://blogs.wsj.com/deals/2010/04/19/goldman-responds-again-to-sec-complaint/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/late-2000s_financial_crisis http://www.aim.org/guest-column/the-cause-of-the-2008-financial-crisis/ http://www.guardian.co.uk/film/2011/feb/17/inside-job-financial-crisis-bankers-verdicts http://www.globalissues.org/article/768/global-financial-crisis#securitizationandthesubprimecrisis http://www.stockexchangesecrets.com/2008-financial-crisis.html i can do this all night , there are literally millions of sources to confirm this simple truth and to say it again , your economy shifted from being an actual producer of real goods to a juggler of virtual money serving only a small elite . 
  and instead of admitting that the very industry your nation so foolishly started to depend on is at the very core of this crisis you just continue to live in a complete state of denial and prefer to ignore it all instead of acting together with your neighbours to do something about it . 
  notice how britain has been in constant decay economically ever since thatcher broke your unions and your industry with it in the 80s ? 
  we managed to build up ex-socialist east germany to first-world standards ( at a cost of over 1,5 trillion euros ) in the meantime and still managed lots more economic growth than you guys and finally : `` killing the patient to cure the disease . '', 
  if the patient keeps spreading a deadly disease to all around him , it might be best to do just that , and you are taking care of it yourself by opting out of european politics one of the most important points about the founding of the european union was precisely to get states to act in common european interest instead of every-man-for-himself manner , this was clear to every participator of the lisboa treaties , if you really think that it was sold to you as a pure trade union your politicians and newspapers seem to have preferred to keep some vital information from you that everyone got . 
  we for example have repeatedly agreed to things that are not necessarily in the best shortterm interest of our own nation , the german public widely opposed the bailout and we still went through with it because longterm its better to have rich and prosper neighbours than to let southern europe fall into economic chaos , but it takes leaders with balls to act boldly even against public sentiment from people who have no grasp of the overall situation ( as most human beings do who did n't major in economics ), 
  its this financial industry and its crazy shenanigans that brought us into this crisis and the 2008 one in the first place . 
  our banks pulled the same shit as yours , but unlike you guys we are willing to put them on a leash , what cameron is doing might be of shortterm benefit for the uk , but rebuilding a real industry that actually produces shit instead of just haggling virtual money and selling dangerous financial products even the brightest bankers dont understand anymore would be a longterm solution unlike any other country in the eu , britain just treats this entire project as a big free trade zone , everyone else sees the european project as a way to end war and poverty on this continent forever and bring nations that have been at each others throat for centuries to a peaceful coexistence ( notice how france , germany and poland get along just fine nowadays ) let me spell it out for you : the british ( and global ) financial industry is a big , big reason we are in this shit right now , instead of coming to your senses and joining forces with the rest of us to put an end to this madness all you think of is the wellbeing of your banks . 
  its a mystery to me how intelligent people can oppose the concept of forcing banks to help pay for the damages they helped to create in the first place we really would like you in the same boat as the rest of us europeans , but as long as you guys keep blocking this evolutionary process towards true united nations of europe , the rest of the continent wo n't miss you too much , have fun endulging in memories of times long past when you used to be an empire with something to say in the world , give us a call when you woke up to the realities of the 21th century , do n't take too long though , or china , india , brazil and other emerging superpowers of this century wo n't give a rats ass about you pretty soon, 
  i think the bavarianess is a very good point that we as citizens of a federal state seem to get better than other europeans . 
  we already live in a state made up of culturally very different smaller states . 
  i am from hessen , and i think we have little in common with people from saxony or bavaria ( no offense :-) ) , with vastly differing food traditions , accents , local music etc. , and we all get along pretty well ( except saturday afternoon when the bundesliga kicks off ) and manage to run a country together , i do n't see why i could n't do the same with french , polish , dutch or italian people, 
  regime ? 
  i do n't know how you handle this up in scotland , but i got to vote on all the people my country sends to these negotiations , and i am wondering where all this us vs them mentality british people display around here comes from . 
  isolated ? 
  when 26 out of 27 states agree on something and are willing to work together closer in the future , and one single country known for its anti-european sentiments stands alone who do you think is isolated here ? 
  britain will be left out of major decisions concerning europe in the future , do you honestly think cameron did his country a service by doing this ? 
  and calling countries like france , the netherlands , sweden etc `` statists and profligates '' , while all these countries have much better economic data to present compared to england , shows how clueless you are about this situation . 
  this is gon na hurt britain on so many levels , brits will suffer the next time they wan na spend their holidays in the mediterranean and they have to exchange even more worthless pounds against much stronger euros , they 'll be pissed when the rest of the continent acts as one 250 million people strong economic union while they are left out in the cold when decisions are made in brussels . 
  do you think china , india , russia etc give a shit about the economic direction that measly 55 million brits are taking ? 
  hell no , but they care about the other 250 million europeans that decided working together is a better idea cameron fucked it all up for britain for the next decade , and somehow nationalist sentiments in england still make people think that they made a good call in this situation . 
  just face the truth : the days of the british empire are long over , nations you laughed about a few decades ago now have stronger economies than the british . 
  germany , the loser of ww2 , now runs the show closely allied with its former arch-enemies ( seriously , british people should think long and hard about the fact that germany , france and poland get along just fine nowadays , while britain gets left behind because they cant embrace the european project and play fair with their neighbours ) check out [ this ] ( http://www.x-rates.com/d/eur/gbp/graph120.html ) nice little info graphic comparing the development of pound and euro over the last few months , you may notice a trend there ( and this is what the trend looks like while we have a euro crisis , wait till the crisis is over , the chart is gon na look even worse for britain ), 
  i case you have n't noticed , the jokes are all on britain today , the rest of the continent got its shit together , cameron was the only one that did n't have the balls to put national pride and isolationist opinion at home away for this summit . 
  to spell it out for you : the banks your nation so heavily depends on helped bring this crisis about ( same goes for our german banks ) . 
  so europe decided that it makes sense to force the banks to pay a part of the share . 
  everyone agrees that a financial transaction tax is the best way to do this and keep the financial markets in check . 
  cameron is the only european head of state who is deep enough in the pockets of aforementioned banking industries not to agree to this tax to save his friends in the city of london . 
  the rest of europe rightly thinks your country is not a team player anymore ( at least not for team europe ) and thus the earlier you guys leave this union forever the better . 
  britain has done nothing but sabotaging the european project for decades , its time for this shit to stop, 
   hungary , sweden and the czechs look likely to not sign up spiegel online now reports that they have all agreed , britain stands completely isolated now ( there is a forever alone joke somewhere in there ... ), 
  running the eurozone without the british is like going to war without your accordeon , you just leave a lot of useless , noisy baggage behind . 
  at least cameron was open about not having any interest in a common , prospering european continent if britain ca n't call the shots every single time . 
  makes it easier for the rest of the continent to work together without the slowing british interference . 
  its time the european union refounds itself without england as a member state . 
  us middle and north europeans are way less concerned over this than southern europe , germany got threatened with a lower credit rating by standard & poors yesterday and noone ( including the markets ) gives a shit , we have a lot of ( imho well-deserved ) trust in our own economic strength . 
  also the first rule of the prussian citizen kicks into effect right now : `` ruhe ist erste b\u00fcrgerpflicht ''  '' ( staying ) calm is a citizens foremost duty '', 
  why is the euro crisis merkels fault again ? 
  i seem to recall that our german finances are in order , unlike most of southern europe . 
  we didnt fuck this one up , the piigs did , so please put the guilt where it belongs i am getting sick of this line of reasoning that it is somehow germanys fault that southern europe decided to dive head over heels into massive debt that they cant handle . 
  if for example italy had been ruled by a politician instead of a clown over the last decade you guys would be far better off right now, 
  germany and poland have a pretty healthy and strong relationship nowadays , same with germany and france , our old enemies are now some of our closest friends and allies , one of the great achievements of post-war europe that people tend to forget in all this economic turmoil, 
  did you forget to take your pills or something ? 
  just saw it , good find , made me lol :-), 
  til that we are n't the only country that banned displaying nazi symbols does this extend to videogames ( wolfenstein , call of duty ) like it does over here in germany ? 
  yeah you seem to come from a much more retarded place, 
  thorium reactors are still science fiction stuff , dont count on them as if they were fully operational right now , its about as retarded as saying `` we dont have an energy problem on this planet , fusion power is right around the corner '' also , i did n't mention my political affiliation with a single word , how do you get the impression i belong to `` the left '' ? 
  stereotype much ? 
  and with all due respect , there is a difference between leaving monetary debt and real toxic waste for future generations , to equal the two makes you look like an idiot anyway , no matter how much you fall for the lies of rwe , e.on and co about how safe this shit is and how good we handle it , the truth still looks like this http://www.heise.de/tp/artikel/29/29801/29801_1.jpg , if this does n't scare you you do n't seem to care too much for this country of ours, 
  lucky for germany your opinion did n't prevail around here , common sense did instead sorry but i ca n't take people seriously that advocate a form of energy production that is only cheap because we offload the burden of handling the waste to future generations, 
  well that shit can also mean death and decay for an entire region if not stored properly , people forget how active the geology of our planet ist , the alps for example formed in under 2 million years , most of the waste stored in gorleben will still be radioactive in that timespan , can you or anyone guarantee the safety of the depot until then ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the people living in these regions are making a very valid point . 
  your line of reasoning ( they wo n't stop it and waste taxpayer money ) discredits every kind of protest and has no place in free democratic societies like ours . 
  these people have to raise their children around radiating waste and fight this development with every fiber of their bodies , and all you come up with is `` at best you delayed it for a couple of days and cost several million in police forces , wow good job . '', 
  and like i said earlier , if you want this stuff so much , why do n't you call some ministry in berlin and volunteer your backyard to store it ? 
  correct , and gorleben is more of a political choice than a scientific one . 
  it is not suited to keep that stuff safe for next fifty thousand years and we germans are shitty at handling nuclear waste , for everyone who likes nightmares , do a quick google search for `` asse 2 '' to see how german order looks when we deal with the most lethal poison of them all, 
  if you do n't seem care , can we store that shit in your backyard then ? 
  cause i sure as hell do n't want it in mine , and when i do n't want it i ca n't just offload the burden to some fellow germans in gorleben that got fucked over by the government for decades, 
  so you gave us that westerwelle clown , wait right here while i get the tar and the feathers, 
  keep bullshitting yourself while you get downvoted to oblivion by the thinking majority of reddit, 
   merkel is just safeguarding germany by protecting the euro financially thats her job , and unlike most southern european heads of state she 's doing pretty well in this regard  but in portugal 's case , not giving a rat 's ass about the real underlying problem . 
  why should she ? 
  i think people do n't want germany to intervene in other countries domestic issues , every time we do people start screaming `` omg the germans are taking over europe '' . 
  from our perspective it should be dead simple : you borrow our money , then you pay it back as agreed upon . 
  you buy our products , you pay for them . 
  you cant do this anymore for reasons that are mostly your own fault as a nation , why should we give the afore mentioned `` rat 's ass '' ? 
  and with all due respect , the economic well-being of the german state ( and with it the german banks ) is obviously more important to me than the well-being of the citizens of portugal , as it influences my own life situation much more directly . 
  for example my brothers company ( big german print company ) is about to close shop , in my opinion our money should be used to help out his company and other german companies in comparable situations before even a single cent leaves the country for bailouts , development aid etc. 
  you think they are gon na tell us straight out that this is because of the piigs bailout ? 
  the german demographics did n't change much over the last few years , so if this was because of our growing life expectancy this could 've been done years ago , but only now have we reached a point where we cant afford a pension age of 67 anymore , and the only factor that has changed is the financial situation of our southern neighbours who suddenly require billions upon billions of our money . 
  have a look at the economy of italy over the last decade and compare it to ours . 
  we had brutal reforms and cuts that put us in the position to handle the crisis pretty well . 
  silvio berlusconi used the same time to keep giving gifts to his voter groups financed by additional debt to secure his re-election time and time again , and now we have to pay up to help them out . 
  or look at greece and portugal , they wasted billions on deficitary prestige projects like the 2004 olympics and the football euro cup , useless projects like the vasco de gama bridge in portugal etc. 
  their disneyland economies keep hemorrhaging money and its all somehow our fault . 
  and i am also getting sick of this constant war rhetoric , look up `` crusade '' in the dictionary , it has nothing to do with what i am doing here edit : this article http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/opinion/2011/1124/1224308051374.html sums it up just fine : `` without germany , the only major euro zone economy still with unquestioned creditworthiness , there can be no eurobonds . 
  but germany can not make a political commitment to eurobonds without economic rules to prevent the euro 's second decade being a repeat of the first . 
  in the german nightmare scenario , agreeing to no-strings eurobonds would give athens back a credit rating similar to that of berlin , allowing it , once again , to borrow like a german and live like a greek . '', 
  that was the raise to 67 , we are talking about 69 now ( http://www.germerica.net/node/6418 ) , we were also promised massive tax cuts when merkel took office 2005 , those have been postponed indefinitely now to handle the crisis , thank you very much southern europe, 
  you are correct , the help is not free because germany just raised its own debt again to help you guys out , its definitely not free for us germans . 
  we get our pension age raised so we can help everyone else out and everyone else gets pissed when we use a slight insult like `` piigs '' to vent off some steam over this,
