  he 'll be a snitch later in life :-), 
  andorra 's looks pretty big considering the size of the country . 
  we seem to hang around different kinds of germans, 
  i got many german friends whose ancestors immigrated from poland , turkey or italy two generations ago . 
  these people are fully integrated germans and are accepted as such . 
  civilized people living in a democracy typically use elections and voting to voice their dissatisfaction with decisions their government is making for them . 
  if these nazi fucks disagree with merkels course of action they can feel free to vote for afd and other rightwing cunts come next election . 
  i think it 's time to unsubscribe from this sub if a comment like yours is downvoted immediately by all the racist cunts around here . 
  have an upvote , i 'll gladly go down with your ship here, 
  i have the same attitude towards religious people that i have toward vegans : live your life however you see fit , just do n't bother me with it . 
  are you kidding ? 
  in germany that catastrophe is almost exclusively known as the lockerbie anschlag ( attack ) . 
  most people around here wouldnt recognize the flight number at all . 
  i live in frankfurt , germanys capital of crime , and have been working with immigrant kids in youth clubs for years , including in some of the worst parts of frankfurt , and somehow i still do n't see the end of western civilization approaching . 
  is it gon na be easy to integrate all the refugees coming in right now ? 
  of course not . 
  but what kind of lousy germans are all you fuckers on this sub if you back down and cry in front of this challenge . 
  this country has handled much bigger issues ( ww1 , ww2 , division , reunification etc. ), 
  and always came out on top in the end . 
  when i think of germans the first attributes that come to my mind are `` crafty , organized , hard working '' and somehow a lot of my countrymen who claim to try to defend german values seem to lack even the basic ones if they all go and hide in their basement crying and bitching just because of a few million war refugees looking for help and safety . 
  i 'll stick with common sense as the main reason for her reelection :-), 
  yeah right , mr werewolf :-) . 
  ask your fiancee what she thinks of allied conduct towards jewish refugees during the early phases of the third reich when jews were trying to flee to britain and the us and were turned around at the border and sent back to their doom . 
  i am neither , but thanks for asking :-) . 
  have a great day , random internet person , i hope someone gives you a hug , you sound like you need one . 
  the next elections will again see merkel as the clear winner and all the right wing parties combined at less than 15 % , that 's because all the xenophobes around here are nothing but a really loud and annoying minority . 
  i offered a bet over a hundred euros earlier in this thread that merkel will clearly win the next election again , with even more votes than the last time . 
  so far no one seemed brave enough to take that bet . 
  should be easy money if , as you claim , merkel is going completely against the will of the people right now ... and no , i am not concerned about a million refugees . 
  like i stated earlier , my boss is from turkey and right now i am supervising a trainee fresh off the boat from syria . 
  both are decent , civilized and hardworking people , same as many of my other non-aryan colleagues and friends . 
  the more personal contact i have with people from the middle east , the more optimistic i get that we 'll do just fine . 
  go out , meet your new neighbours and make new friends . 
  they are just human beings , same as you and i. 
  this country handled millions of yugoslavian refugees from the balkan wars in the 90s and was fine after . 
  we can do it again . 
  never once have i questioned their right to protest . 
  but if they go on marches surrounded by known neonazis while chanting fascist paroles they should n't complain when they are called nazis as well . 
  and democrats usually use a voting booth and peaceful , civilized demonstrations to express their opinion . 
  before i 've seen one of their marches in person i would have leaned towards figuratively , after seeing one i definitely mean the literal definition of the term . 
   it is no secret that poverty is much more common in the west . 
  i must have missed something in my education ... and the `` poor '' east germans seem to have forgotten how fucked up their country was 25 years ago until it was built up again with the help of my west german tax money . 
  the difference is that i did n't bitch and cry about it all day long . 
  there are certain terms and phrases that are only used by certain groups in germany . 
  `` deutschland den deutschen , ausl\u00e4nder raus '' resorts back to the anti-immigrant protests in germany in the early 90 's ( which ended in disaster , see the terrorist attacks at solingen and hoyerswerda in 93 and 91 ) . 
  same as the infamous term `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' , which was ( while not introduced ) heavily used by none other than joseph goebbels himself to denounce all kinds of enemies of the nazi regime . 
  a personwho uses those words and phrases today in a non-historic context is either a completely unaware idiot or a piece of shit nazi . 
  but by and large we are doing fine . 
  my boss is from turkey and has generated more wealth and jobs for this country than most of these pegida cunts ever will . 
  we also got a new trainee ( azubi ) fresh from syria a few months ago and he is doing very well . 
  the thing that baffles me most is that pegida is strongest in the regions with the smallest number of muslim citizens . 
  dresden has a muslim population of less than 1,5 % of the citys population , yet somehow they all seem to believe they are overrun by muslims . 
  frankfurt on the other hand has a muslim population of at least 10 % and is an extremely wealthy city that is doing just fine . 
  there is also a distinct lack of neonazis over here in frankfurt . 
  we allowed millions of refugees from former yugoslavia in during the balkan wars in the 90 's and we still did n't end up with a npd-led government ( nor did we end up as a third world nation , which many people back then claimed would happen ) . 
  this country will be fine . 
  i 've personally witnessed the last march in frankfurt , no media needed to influence my opinion and convince me that they are a bunch of loser nazi cunts . 
  those guys managed to convince me of that fact real quick with their slogans and behaviour . 
   she is done in germany we seem to hang around very different groups of people . 
  among my friends and colleagues the appreciation for merkel is at an all-time high after she showed some humanity in the current crisis . 
  even people who usually vote spd ( like myself ) were suddenly in favor of her actions . 
  i am willing to bet a hundred euros here and now that merkel will win the next election with an even greater number of votes than she did the last time , and thats imho for very good reason . 
  people who seriously vote for the npd are racist fucks to begin with . 
  do you really believe they 's suddenly start voting for the spd or the cdu if merkel and gabriel had a tougher stance on immigration ? 
  nobody forbade anything , they were allowed to hold their march in frankfurt . 
  they just had to deal with a few more people screaming them down than they themselves brought to the occasion , because the other citizens have a right to speak their mind as well ;-), 
  there is only one group in germany that takes to the streets and starts screaming `` deutschland den deutschen , ausl\u00e4nder raus ! '' . 
  we call those cunts nazis . 
  everyone who marches with them and does not try either stop them from shouting their bullshit or leaves as soon as people around him start screaming this shit it at least a nazi symphatizer by association . 
  if it walks like a duck and talks like a duck ... and those guys had permission for their protest march in frankfurt , they had their right to speak , they just ca n't expect everyone else in the city to stay quiet while they spill their hate in my beautiful hometown . 
  i 've seen the last pegida march in frankfurt , and the slogans being screamed here should have told even the dumbest participant what kind of a group pegida is . 
  if someone walking next to a `` non-nazi '' on a pegida march screams `` deutschland den deutschen , ausl\u00e4nder raus '' '' ( `` germany for germans , foreigners out ! '' ), 
  and one keeps walking next to that person without saying anything that makes one a nazi by association in my book . 
  i also should add that these pegida fuckers were the most idiotic looking bunch of losers and fuck-ups i 've ever seen gathered in one place . 
  many were visibly drunk and the mood was one of pure aggression and hate . 
  sigmar gabriel was right when he used the word `` pack '' ( something akin to `` scum '' for the non-germans here ) for these low-life cunts . 
  it does n't surprise me that they are most successful in the areas of germany that tend to get the least amount of shit done by themselves . 
  the march in frankfurt was ( thankfully ) tiny , there 's a reason why these fucks tend to gather tens of thousands of people in dresden but little to no following in actually successful cities like frankfurt , munich or hamburg . 
   and these people are not even right wing you should take a closer look at the average pegida crowd ... 
  which people ? 
  the turkish immigrants who helped rebuild the country after the war ? 
  all the polish immigrants in the rhine-rhur area who dug the ore out out of the mines ? 
  the turkish-born guy who employs me ? 
  germany has been a succesfull immigrant nation for a long time . 
  what do you wan na hear ? 
  that we are some superior aryan master race that is inherently better at running a country than other cultures ? 
  i got a syrian trainee sitting across from me right now and he shows more motivation than my chain-smoking german it buddies around the office :-) . 
  sure as hell not because of skin color ;-), 
  organization , stability and wealth, 
  across from my desk i 've got one of these syrian dudes who is supposedly about to turn my country into some middle-eastern hellhole , and after working with the guy for 9 months all i see is a pretty normal , if a little shy , 25 year old who likes german beer , manga novels and playing an ungodly amount of volleyball . 
  sorry mate , no matter how hard i try , i am just not seeing the downfall of western civilization here . 
  believe me , this country has dealt with many worse things before . 
  i have a social worker background , i 've worked with immigrants for years . 
  i am aware of the issues and i am not trying to sugarcoat them , but i am absolutely certain that my nation can and will handle this issue properly . 
  the funny thing are the xenophobic bullshit comments from all over eastern europe . 
  funny because i 've heard them before . 
  before the eastern european countries started to become integrated into schengen/the eu western politicians and agitators said all the same bullshit lines : `` they are gon na steal our women . 
  they are gon na take our jobs . 
  they are just here to leech of our social systems and our standard of living will suffer '' . 
  20 years later and eastern european countries are much better off than they were 20 years ago , germany profited from having many new markets , no women were stolen and our unemployment rate has fallen while our prosperity and standard of living has risen .
