  it 'll take years for the pound to even get a chance to stabilize at pre-brexit levels . 
  you need to come to germany to experience proper kebabs, 
  you 'd be welcome again , but without all those extra benefits thatcher and co negotiated for you . 
  re-entering the eu would definitely cost you the pound as a currency as well . 
  stop this `` unelected '' nonsense , it makes you look completely uneducated on eu matters, 
  it 's a leftover of the former division of berlin . 
  many companies that used to have their headquarter to another city when the city was split up . 
  siemens moving to munich is a famous example . 
  this weakens the city to this day , also one should keep in mins that it only became the capital again quite recently and german power was never centralized in one place like in frances or englands capital compared to the rest of the country, 
  frankfurt on the other hand has all you want :-), 
  torte is also sometimes used as a euphemism for a hot girl , like `` chick '', 
  britain still will have to abide by most eu regulations to be able to trade with the continent , but now they 've lost their seat at the table where those regulations are actually decided upon . 
  the eu will suffer from this , no doubt , but britain just crippled its own economy for a long time . 
  german here . 
  we do n't want to . 
  this is simply a very sad day for europe . 
  if it took 2 weeks and an english tabloid to break the news about cologne then please explain this comprehensive article about the issue published by the s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung on january 4 : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/panorama/koeln-eine-voellig-neue-dimension-der-gewalt-1.2805418 first media reports happened in local cologne papers on january 2 , it was headline news everywhere by january 4 . 
  please stop spreading bullshit, 
  robin hood is a gypsy , it all makes sense now :-), 
  fun fact : boateng is a devout christian . 
  he has the virgin mary tattoed on his left arm and a crucifix tattoed on his right arm . 
  i agree that she played better roles , but she 'll be forever be identified with her sissi role . 
  the german election is completely safe . 
  our coalition system prevents outsider parties from gaining power , the afd basically needs to at least quadruple their numbers to even have a slight chance of winning . 
  this is n't a close call like brexit or the us election , where the underdogs ( leavers and trump ) where at least close in the polls . 
  cdu/csu and spd ( the two governing parties atm ) combined have almost 70 % of the votes , afd has 8-10 % with no coalition partner in sight . 
  i agree though that everyone needs to get out and vote regardless . 
  the german election is safe , the rightwing afd polls around 8-10 % atm . 
  merkel or schulz are gon na win . 
  france is the dangerous election , le pen has a real chance to win . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_prizes_won_by_the_washington_post feel free to count the number of pulitzer prizes the wp has received . 
  calling it `` the dumbest paper in america '' is beyond ridiculous . 
  you pay for ongoing projects including construction in the u.k. stuff you already agreed to pay for . 
  if a bunch of friends get together to build a house and everyone signs a contract which states how much money everyone is gon na contribute that means that everyone has to pay that amount even if halfway through the construction one guy decides he does n't wan na live in the house . 
  more like `` we can start to negotiate a new deal once you 've paid off your remaining debt from the last deal '' . 
  which is an entirely reasonable stance . 
  should we hide the ugly results of brexit so the poor brexiteers do n't feel too stupid about their vote ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  palm oil btw is one of the main reasons why large parts of rain forest in se asia are being burned down to make room for palm trees . 
  that process is one of the biggest co2 producers in the world . 
  german nsu and anders breivik like to have a word with you . 
  fun fact : the german chancellor is n't allowed to send troops anywhere without a majority vote in the parliament . 
  yep , 8 % and dropping fast :-), 
  as a german i 've rarely felt so comfortable with both potential winners . 
  both are highly experienced and qualified for the job . 
  merkel or schulz are gon na win the german election . 
  both are moderates and decidedly pro european . 
  the afd basically needs to quadruple their numbers to win , this is n't a close call like the us election or brexit . 
  is there any dutch expression that does not include the word lekker ? 
  thank you my swamp brothers :-) . 
  i am also really impressed by the high voter participation , german media reports around 80 % . 
   the actual story is that fukushima showed us that even when hit by an earthquake and a tsunami above design specifications even a very old and unsafe design as fukushima daichi is still pretty damned safe i am sure the evacuated citizens of the fukushima region felt very safe . 
   even if you shut down all german nuclear reactors you will not be safer from potential fallout as long as there are still nuclear reactors in france . 
  stupid argument . 
  lowering the overall number of reactors in our region also lowers the chance for a disaster occuring . 
  so yes , shutting them down will definitely make us safer . 
  also , germany can obviously only decide for their own territory if they want to run nuclear reactors or not . 
  finally , as other people in this thread already pointed out , germany is n't really increasing coal consumption , it 's pushing towards renewables . 
  phasing out nuclear energy was decided way before merkel ever took power . 
  most germans disapprove of using it and thus it 's only logical that the government follows the will of the people and pushes towards renewables instead . 
  fukushima showed us that even a highly advanced nation like japan is unable to rule out disasters completely . 
  i know that germany is not in danger of being hit by tsunamis , but human error and other problem causes can never be completely ruled out , which is why its a stupid idea to run nuclear reactors in a nation as densely populated as germany is . 
  and i am not even touching on the waste disposal issue here . 
  i will never not upvote this greatest of all memes . 
  ovens may be involved , i do n't know about pizza, 
  if you join a gym in january and you sign up and pay for a one year membership immediately , and then you decide in june you are n't interested in going to the gym anymore , you wo n't see a single cent of your money back . 
  i hope you realize that nobody will make deals with britain if britain stops to give a fuck about honoring agreements . 
  the hague is for common war criminals , people who put pineapple on pizza should face the firing squad immediately . 
  no trial , no blindfold . 
  you seem to lack the ability to interpret simple german sentences, 
  you and h\u00f6ckes nazi fans seem to be the only people with that interpretation of the speech . 
  even his own party leaders disagree with you there . 
  it should make you think really long and hard about your own political stance when frauke petry is to the left of you . 
  you seem to have wasted them on 4chan instead ;-), 
   i mean you are an agenda account , no doubt , but you 're smart . 
  says the guy with the 16 day old account ... 
  read before you post . 
  did n't distance themselves ? 
  the parteiausschlussverfahren ( party exclusion proceedings/trial ) has already been set in motion with a 9 to 4 majority in the party council . 
  do n't you have a real account you can use ? 
  h\u00f6cke 's speech went way beyond `` drawing a line '' . 
  and it 's rather telling that even his own rightwing party wants to throw him out for what he said . 
  we are n't talking about a leftwing politician here . 
  h\u00f6cke is a rightwinger and uses an old rightwinger tactic that is clearly defined : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dog-whistle_politics, 
  the thing is that right now the `` fashy '' ( as in fascist ) undercut is popular in right wing circles and is being worn by the vast majority of alt-right supporters in germany . 
  this might well change in the next decades . 
  but here and now it 's a good indicator for the political views of a group if you see a hundred young men with these haircuts marching around . 
  what a weak reply ... 
  read the links i posted before you spout nonsense . 
  he said it 's a shame that we built the memorial , not that we should be ashamed because of the reason ( holocaust ) the memorial was built . 
  very big difference . 
  check out these article about the phenomenon : https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/white-supremacists-do-not-own-my-haircut https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2016/11/30/does-this-haircut-make-me-look-like-a-nazi/ http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/11/how-the-alt-right-uses-style-as-a-propaganda-tool.html, 
  then it must be coincidence that the vast majority of german alt-righters have the exact same haircut ... yeah right . 
  it 's a symbol of scene association like mohawks used to be in the punk scene . 
  sure , some other people wear those hair styles as well , but if you see a group of a hundred young men with those exact same styles it is a clear sign which subculture/scene they belong to . 
  if you go to any neonazi protest march in germany you 'll realize that 95 % of the people marching either have the same hair stylist or wear the same haircut on purpose . 
  combined with the usual scene clothing ( thor steinar etc ) it 's a clear mark for association with right wing groups . 
  the german left is still way to the right of syriza and co. 
  have you seen the usual crowd h\u00f6cke attracts ? 
  it 's a worst-of of germanys neonazi scene , and that haircut and overall look is modeled after nazi germany on purpose .
