  bavaria is like texas in that regard , one of our most conservative states in germany . 
  the police were harassing me down there because i had long hair , and i am a blonde , blue eyed german native, 
  all the timezones, 
  nothing bad about your german mate , it 's perfectly understandable , aside from some small grammatical errors, 
  it gets funny when merkel meets putin , she speaks perfect russian and he speaks perfect german, 
  one could compromise , i share the opinion that every high-ranking politician working in brussels/strasbourg should be required to speak good english , but negotiating all the fine print in contracts and agreements without professional translators would be madness, 
   fragment the community into smaller parts that do n't talk to each other but you know this process from back home in belgium , do n't you ? 
  * ducks *, 
  helmut schmidt , we only need to find a way to prolong his life , ideally some medicine based on nicotine seriously , the guy is 93 years old and just scored a new girlfriend who 's barely in her eighties , the man has got some serious game, 
  we would rule football tournaments and winter olympics sooooo hard, 
  i know that he is trolling , i 'll take the upvotes for my replies anyway :-), 
  all i am saying is that you guys need us more than we need you, 
  `` do n't bite the hand that feeds you '' is a proverb you should take to heart, 
  good luck with funding your resistance, 
  also , germany is considered a `` one screwdriver away '' nation when it comes to nuclear weapons , as the infrastructure , know-how and technology needed to produce nukes on short notice are all easily available , same goes for japan, 
  you can visit the [ vasa ( or wasa ) ship ] ( https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/vasa_\\ ( ship \\ ) ) in stockholm though :-), 
  i was merely pointing out that i had much more heated debates with my southern european brothers than before the euro crisis , while also pointing out that even in the current situation the vast majority of them remain very civilized in these debates, 
  not at all , besides some lowly accusations of imperialism from southern europeans on this board , and some heated debates ( just a few annoying people though , most southern europeans around here are cool ) seriously , the only effect it has on my day-to-day life is that our political talks on tv keep focusing on the issue , but since the start of the crisis i had a decent pay-raise ( i am a social worker ) and no one in my close circle of friends has been fired from their job or suffered heavily in any way, 
  merkel is following suit . 
  german newspapers have been talking about rumours that she will not agree to a third money package to greece . 
  she wo n't even ask the bundestag , as it is now considered political suicide to ask the german parliament and the german people for another round of bailouts after greece deliberately postponed the implentation of the agreed-upon austerity measures during the election period, 
  whoa you guys seem to be really stuck in the past , anyway , good luck with your economy , you gon na need it and btw , preservation of our own wealth ( what we are trying to achieve by not simply throwing money without conditions after you ) does not equal hunger for power, 
  what does germanys history have to do with the fact that greece crashed its own economy through stupidity and negligence ? 
  i am getting sick of the `` but the nazis did evil shit decades ago , and you are just as bad if you do n't give us all your money '' line of reasoning . 
  clean house back home , start paying taxes , get the corruption and bribery out of your country and stop whining . 
  thank you very much, 
  first of all you seem to care enough to write long replies . 
  and secondly , greeks must be really paranoid to believe that turkey is likely to attack them . 
  heads up for you guys : turkey is a fellow nato member , you do n't need the european union to protect you and if you have n't . noticed , the greek opinion is the only one nobody cares about , as beggars ca n't be choosers, 
  we did n't blackmail them , we calmly explained what would happen if they elect that nutjob tsipras , it was up to them to decide if it was worth it . 
  and as long as this old generation manages to gather a majority of the votes they rightfully represent the majority opinion of the greek people , this whole `` we did n't vote for the guys that got.us into this mess '' bullshit does n't fly, 
  it ai n't a good union if one side constantly has to pay for the other side , i 'd much prefer a middle - and northern european union of countries with decent economies, 
  if we are going down that road , i 'd like italy to finally pay up for the roman invasion of germania , those motherfuckers killed my grandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandfather after all, 
  except i advocate to keep to the agreed upon austerity measures . 
  both do n't have to be mutually exclusive, 
  exactly one german did , and he was heavily critizised from all ends of the political spectrum for that statement meanwhile , i am still waiting for an official greek apology for parading pictures of our chancellor dressed in nazi attire through athens see where this is going ? 
  oh we 'll see our money back , do n't worry about us , worry about greece ;-), 
  so its simple then , go after your fat cats , socialize their estates and companies and seriously clean house over there we 'll be happy to give you some names should we find greek citizens on the new batch of swiss bank account datasets we illegally acquired last week to hunt down our own tax evaders :-), 
  lack of money received ? 
  our trade with greece makes up less than 0,2 % of our gdp , it is n't even a drop in the ocean that is the german economy . 
  if we lose that trade tomorrow we 'll have a few thousand more unemployed people , while greece faces economic disaster, 
  must be nice living with all those conspiracy theories in your head that justify to only blame others for your countries own misery, 
  where exactly did i propose that greece pays off its debt with an island ? 
  yeah siemens agreed to pay around 270 million euros to greece as a settlement, 
  definitely a victim my thought process was `` i am seeing all these nice blue `` sponsored by the european union '' signs next to construction sites , which my tax money finances , and yet they have the nerve to rip me off like that '' . 
  i also wondered if every greek has to pay that shit or if they just treat tourists like this , and i wondered which of the two alternatives would be worse, 
  there must be some middle ground candidate between `` we were involved in the shit that got us here in the first place '' and `` i am new and radical and will cancel all the deals we made with the eu '', 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/siemens-bribery-scandal-in-greece-ex-boss-could-help-shed-light-on-corruption-a-633198.html http://www.slideshare.net/steveakana/case-analysis-the-bribery-scandal-at-siemens https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/de/wiki/michael_christoforakos ( half greek half german , former head of siemens in greece , fled the country after bribery accusations and spend half a year in jail in germany while he was waiting to be extradited to greece , also google `` volker jung siemens '' ) i 'll get you more sources later , when i finish work, 
  if the millions of greek people ca n't come up with better candidates than the old boys club of new democracy and some thirty-something populist communist , it 's hard to find suitable people to ask to fix the problem, 
  depends if you can read german , [ here is a big article about investigations against heckler & koch for illegal arms deals ] ( http://www.handelsblatt.com/unternehmen/industrie/illegale-waffendeals-staatsanwalt-nimmt-heckler-und-koch-ins-visier/5576102.html ) also , the [ the wall street journal about german prosecutors charging a german siemens manager over bribery accusations in argentina ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/corruption-currents/2011/06/14/german-prosecutors-charge-ex-siemens-manager-with-bribery/ ) many of these cases end up with high ranking people going to jail, 
  obviously , we also have murderers , rapists and child-molesters , same as every other nation but unlike greece we actually put some effort into going after our own tax evaders , when was the last time the greek government seriously tried obtaining inside information from swiss banks so they can collect taxes at home ? 
  we do it all the time and risk lots of swiss backlash and merkels coalition is only weak inside of germany , but powerful in european union matters because unlike in most domestic issues our two biggest parties ( cdu and spd ) agree over most european matters , so merkel can comfortably make decisions and form policy in these matters because she is backed up by a vast majority of our parliament . 
  so when it comes to european matters she is the one with the biggest wallet and the largest economy behind her, 
  because i like my car to function , my flight seat to be on the right plane and my appointment with the doctor to happen while i am still sick, 
  merkel is weak ? 
  tell that to all the southern european leaders that keep complaining about `` madame no '' and the way she bullyies their countries around also , about going after countries that help our citizens evade taxes , you [ might wan na read up on the illegally obtained bank account data cds we buy from swiss bank employees  ( http://www.dw.de/dw/article/0,,16112974,00.html )  one cd with information about 1,000 suspected tax evaders is said to have cost 3.5 million euros ( $ 4.3 million ) . 
  thomas eigenthaler , chairman of the german tax workers union , said he thoroughly approves of the move . 
  `` the 3.5 million euros was very well invested , '' he said . 
  `` i expect a lot of corrected returns to come from people who fear they could be implicated by the cds . 
  judging by past experience , eigenthaler is right . 
  in 2010 , several german states acquired illegally produced cds with customer data from switzerland , luxembourg and lichtenstein . 
  after that , the number of voluntary disclosures by tax evaders soared to about 25,000 . 
  previous years saw only 2,000 people come forward to the tax authorities . 
  the 2010 disclosures led to about 2 billion euros in extra revenue for german state coffers , according to the german tax workers union . 
  the state of north-rhine westphalia alone raked in 300 million extra euros . '', 
  the swiss are really pissed about that , and we do the same shit with lichtenstein and andorra , so you can rest easily , knowing that we put all this pressure on everyone that tries to evade taxes around here, 
  fair enough :-), 
  yes , especially regarding the weapons deals with portugal and parts of the middle east , many german lobbyists and arms dealers went to prison over these deals and what indiscretions by the deutsche bahn ? 
  what are you referring to ? 
  its not that i do n't care , i was merely pointing out that there is still a difference between corrupt german companies and corrupt greek politicians , as the greek politicians actively hurt their own people with their criminal actions , while the germans benefit their countrymen through it, 
   please understand this , germany does not lead europe . 
  i phrased that incorrectly , `` the initiative being spearheaded by germany '' would be more precise . 
  of course germany does n't rule the eu alone , but we lead the initiative in this case and i 'd like to correct you , southern europe is a sinking ship , our economy up here is doing fine, 
  nice way to godwin this thread . 
  it 's always the same when people run out of arguments while debating the germans , but playing the nazi card is getting old.please show a single case of a german whining about the invasion of crete in / r/europe unlike you most of my people are aware that events that took place decades before either of us were born should n't influence modern day relations anyway , as your people are desperately trying to get help from the rest of europe , it would be a good first step not to piss everyone off with stupid comments like that . 
  in case you did n't notice , my countrymen are the biggest group of tourists that comes to your country , many already chose different mediterranean countries for their summer vacations because we do n't like to be confronted with this bullshit while on holiday . 
  if you do n't wan na keep losing billions of euros in your tourism industry you should stop biting the hand that feeds you, 
  i clearly stated that both german companies and greek politicians act immoral , but the difference is that only one of the two is antisocial enough to also act directly against the best interest of their `` own team '' to put it simply : we are a nation that depends on exporting high tech goods . 
  if other countries are willing to pay for them and buy from us it ai n't my problem if that respective country truly needs those goods . 
  its like a fat man going into a steak restaurant and ordering the biggest steak on the menu . 
  the restaurant owner is probably aware that he helps accelerating this mans early death due to heart conditions if he sells him the 500 gram ribeye monster , but it is in his own best interest to make money with his restaurant , so he sells the steak and does n't ask any questions about the hungry kids the fat man left at home with bread and water so he could afford the steak, 
  have you ever asked yourself why southern europe is the only part of the continent that is knee-deep in the shitter while the rest of the continent is doing a lot better ? 
  parts of eastern europe that have just overcome communism 20 years ago are doing much better than greece , with a lot more social equality in their societies . 
  its a southern european/greek mismanagement problem , combined with heavy tax evasion in all parts of society . 
  try evading taxes in germany and telling your friends about it . 
  you 'll be a social outcast for all eternity , its completely despised and looked down upon here , same goes for bribery and some food for thought after your little rant about evil politicians that are robbing the poor man and ca n't be held responsible : let me tell you about christian wulff , former president of germany , who had to resign a few months ago because rumours were spreading that he had taken a loan from his bank over 500.000 euros with just 1 % interest rate instead of the usual 4 % . 
  the man has n't really broken any laws , was n't directly bribed etc , the mere sugestion that he might have taken an advantage that was unavailable to other citizens was enough to make the german public go nuts . 
  this is how we deal with politicians that are not up to our ethical standards , how about you do the same and stop whining and a last word on your politicians and elections : if my government has to choose whom to deal with in greece , between both alternatives we obviously favor the slightly shady old boys club of new democracy , while we do n't want anything to do with the guy ( tsipras ) who even before elections announces that should he win he 'll abandon all austerity measures previously agreed upon . 
  you can vote for whoever you want , but do n't expect us to keep playing ball if greece decides it wants to be ruled by an unexperienced communist madman, 
  do you think it 's remotely realistic that greece will pay back its debt in full while the two of us still walk this earth ? 
  they do n't need to spell it out to make it absolutely clear that money going to greece right now wo n't be paid back in the foreseeable future, 
  a valid way of seeing it , but as the politicians responsible for this have been elected by the portuguese people it makes them ( the people ) responsible as well . 
  if they are unhappy with the way their politicians act and respresent their country they need to work on their own political culture instead of whining about evil germans trying to rip them off because thats the way we see it : germany offers arms/technology to allied nations . 
  politicians from allied nations start to drool over fancy german gadgets and are happy because of all the prostitutes and champagne the german company provides on the business meetings . 
  politicians are stupid enough to sign the deal without knowing if their country can afford it ( alternatively : politicians are ruthless enough not to give a shit if their country can afford it ) . 
  country finds out they are in debt and need bailout money . 
  now here we stand as germans and we still like to be paid , as our workers ( who just built a billion euro submarine for you ) have to be paid as well . 
  we realize that our business methods profit from stupid/greedy negotation partners on the other side , but as we keep our end of the deal ( delivering a sub/tanks whatever ) we feel that we deserve to get paid accordingly . 
  there is your number one reason why no one will be willing to lend money to greece in the future . 
  one would have to be a lunatic to give money to greece in the current situation , given their track record of paying it back,
