  the banking crisis and euro crisis hit every country on earth , but some of us were smart enough to take hard measures before the shit hit the fan . 
  the international markets trying to gangrape greece is not the cause of your problems but a sympton of them look up the hartz 4 reforms that german chancellor schr\u00f6der undertook a decade ago . 
  all these brutal reforms we ask of you have already been implemented over here , because our government back then had the foresight and the balls to go through with these reforms even though many germans complained and still complain . 
  meanwhile greek politicians kept giving gifts to their voters instead of letting them face some harsh economic realities, 
  we pay the biggest share of all the countries , we pay twice as much as we receive back and we have to bailout half the continent because noone else has the money to do so . 
  whats so hard to understand about the fact that we feel we should have more say in these matters than greece and portugal ? 
  we feel that the dutch should have more say in these matters as well , same goes for all net contributors . 
  in fact , one of our main ideas for reforming the european union was to take away voting rights from countries that need bailouts until they get their shit together again . 
  `` no taxation without representation '' also means `` no representation without taxation '', 
  and what about the greek politicians that needlessly ordered another batch of german high-tech submarines on borrowed money ? 
  the greek unions that launch massive protests while the economy is already in ruins?the greek public worker that enjoyed ridiculous benefits for decades while the countries economy was bleeding dry already?the greek ship owners that refuse to pay taxes and threaten the country with moving their company somewhere else should they ever be taxed ? 
  greece did n't go bankrupt over night , a lot of people aided this process over a long time , and most of the guilty parties have a greek passport, 
  if you would have looked at your own link you might have noticed that germany is the biggest overall contributor , and i never talked about net contribution but overall contribution . 
  the uk and france combined barely manage to contribute more money than germany alone . 
  we pay more than everyone else as a nation , and even when calculated per capita are among the major contributors and estonia can get away with receiving so much money because its a tiny country , it gets a lot more complicated once we are talking about 100 million + south europeans, 
  do you even realize how deep your country is in the shitter ? 
  you 'll be bankrupt in weeks if we stop sending you money , the last thing you should do at the moment is insult the german chancellor ( who btw is risking the breakup of her own coalition by defending the bailouts , she 's literally risking her job and career for you guys and she gets mocked like that in return ) also , its impossible to dehumanize a country , we do n't draw greeks dressed as pigs and parade them around , on the other hand merkel is being personally insulted as an individual , if you do n't see the difference here you probably just ignore to see it also , merkels press secretary recently mentioned that around 90 % of merkels daily worktime is spend on issues concerning the euro crisis . 
  get your shit together down there so our german chancellor can focus on german issues again , thanks very much, 
  where did i mention or even imply the term `` lazy '' in my comments ? 
  i state cold , hard facts about our contribution to the eu budget , you reply with insults , its a good metaphor for the way this whole crisis has been handled so far . 
  whats so hard to understand about the fact that we 'd like some guarantees and promises from greece that we will get our loans back ? 
  and that keeping these guarantees and promised ( and letting us check for ourselves if they are kept ) is a non-negotiable part of our willingness to keep sending greece money ? 
  i know the greeks would be happy with germany just paying the bill and shutting up while doing so , but this is the real world and it does n't work as simple as that . 
  its a simple acronym for the countries involved . 
  comparing the leader of a country that helps you out with hundreds of billions of euros to one of the worst regimes in human history just shows a severe lack of historic knowledge ( and also a lack of understanding of the `` do n't bite the hand that feeds you '' principle ), 
  if the greek government would make a decent effort to properly collect taxes from everyone they would n't be in the shitter like they are now i also love statements like `` banks and corporations get bailed out while home owners and small businesses are left to die in the streets '' , nothing like a little whiny bit of hyperbole that makes greece sound like somalia greece would n't be in any trouble if they 'd accept the simple fact that you need first world productivity to be able to afford a first world welfare state . 
  if the greek standard of living was closer to the one in bulgaria or romania , there would be no need for bailouts, 
  well its not only the bailout money that is transferred from north to south , [ germany footed almost 20 % of the entire eu budget already before the bailouts ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8036097.stm ) see all those fancy construction projects in portugal , spain and greece ? 
  new bridges , roads etc. 
  that have a nice blue `` supported by the european union '' sign in front of the construction site ? 
  thats my tax money at work for you guys . 
  all these subventions for agricultural industries and farmers ? 
  eu money . 
  nowadays [ we pay for over 21 % of the eu budget while only spending around 11 % of it , all while having around 16 % of the overall european union population ] ( https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/european_union_statistics#eu_budget ) . 
  so we pay the biggest share without even taking back the average amount we should be entitled to , and thats before we even spend a single cent on bailouts . 
  some fucking gratitude would be nice, 
  so ... you do n't want our bailout money ? 
  excellent , then please tell your government to stop begging the troika for the next load of bailout money ( one of the main reasons merkel is going to athens in the first place ) . 
  hopefully your government wo n't listen to you though , because if they 'd head your advice your country would be bankrupt in a matter of weeks . 
  that means no money to buy foreign oil and gas , no money for imported medicine , no money for imported food etc. 
  and defaulting means you would n't be able to pay back all the nations that lent you money . 
  you think that anyone is gon na do business with you in the foreseeable future if you do n't pay back your debt ? 
  let me break it down to you again , as you seem to live in some socialist fairy tale where money and goods just appear out of thin air : greece lived well over its means for decades . 
  a vast majority of greek citizens lived a lifestyle that was appropiate for a first world economy like germany without backing it up with german productivity . 
  now you got the bill for it , and instead of blaming germany for confronting you with reality you should be blaming your father and grandfather for not opposing decades of overspending, 
  iceland has the extreme advantage of energy independence . 
  if you do n't need to buy oil and gas from other countries because you are entirely self-sufficient thats kind of a headstart for your own economy , as you need a lot less hard currency to buy foreign goods , which would be one of southern europes major problems should they go back to using their own currencies . 
  the icelandic population also has better morals when it comes to paying taxes , which again makes economic recovery easier than will be the case in greece or italy argentina has the advantage of having lots of natural ressources and an extremely strong agricultural industry . 
  they can feed themselves without importing much , which is another massive advantage if your country is about to default . 
  additionally , especially greece did something incredibly stupid that both other nations you mentioned did not do : greek economy is depending on tourism , and the greeks were crazy enough to piss off the germans , the biggest group of tourists in greece every year . 
  now all my countrymen look for different holiday destinations . 
  after all it does n't matter for us if we spend our holiday in greece , croatia , france or italy , the difference is that the croatians , french and italians do n't insult us all the time this means that greece just wrecked one of their most important industries . 
  we are talking billions of euros and hundreds of thousands of jobs here so maybe spain , italy and portugal stand a chance , but as soon as greece leaves the eurozone they are done for the foreseeable future, 
  oh i do want to help . 
  ask germans what they feel about bailing out ireland , portugal and spain and you 'll hear few complaints . 
  it 's the openly displayed ungratefulness of the greeks that is pissing us off , and they direct their anger at the one german politician that is really trying to help them tl ; dnr : do n't parade pictures of our chancellor in nazi uniform around your capital , and we are more willing to help you out of the mess your fathers and grandfathers caused through decades of overspending and `` imperialist '' could n't be more wrong , the opposite is the case as i want as little as possible to do with greek matters . 
  i want them to pay their own bills , collect their own taxes , govern their own country and making it on their own . 
  if you call that imperialist ambitions you should look up the word again, 
  look at greece and you can see how quickly a 2000 year old nation can destabilize . 
  even a civilized population is usually only 3 missing paychecks and a few days without food away from mass riots , and thats exactly what will happen if the piigs do n't get their shit together , as there 'll be a point when merkel will be unable to defend any more of our money going south , and then some people will use poo to heat their house instead of flinging it around, 
  well , as long as our taxes pay the majority of the bills , we feel rightfully entitled to call the shots if greece was a 1 trillion euro + p.a. 
  economic powerhouse and we germans were a tiny country with a small economy we 'd have to accept as well that others have more to say in european economic matters its simple , as long as its my german taxpayer money that is used for bailouts , you can bet that my german vote helps deciding what we do with our money and how much we give to whom the americans called that principle `` no taxation without representation '' and were willing to wage a major war over it, 
  well the greeks ca n't have money for nothing , so they need to give up something somewhere , that can either be national sovereignty when it comes to economic matters , it might also be their first world standard of living ( so they need less money ) . 
  they need to compromise somewhere , cheap loans from germany are not a valid longterm solution, 
  of course the recent policies need to focus on the stable , rich northern countries first . 
  we germans can bail greece out , but they ca n't bail us out , so the wellbeing of our own economy is of the utmost importance for the economies of the rest of europe, 
  the piigs leaving the eurozone will slightly inconvenience germanys economy , but it 'll be a one-way ticket back to the stone age for southern europe, 
  you vastly overstate the importance of several southern european member countries . 
  the european union will be alive and well in the future , the only question is if the piigs will still be a part of it, 
  a water cannon that can be loaded with a water-tear gas mixture , quite effective at dispersing large crowds, 
  yep , we are bending all regulations and laws over here to even allow our country to help out southern europe ( our supreme constitutional court only declared it legal a few weeks ago , against massive resistance among the german population ) , and all we get in exchange is threats and insults we feel like america must feel over the dead of their lybian ambassador . 
  first they call for help , then we come and help and in return they threaten our representatives i am aware that most greeks ai n't gon na throw rocks at merkel , but it seems like just about everybody will be out to protest against german policies tomorrow , while the people they should protest against are their fathers and grandfathers who made this possible through decades of overspending the one thing that really bothers me about greeks reaction to merkels visit is that no one down there seems to understand that merkel is one of the few remaining politicians around here who defends the bailouts . 
  if germany would hold a popular vote tomorrow asking the people if we should continue to help out greece , our friends in hellas would be bankrupt before the ballot counting would be over . 
  try the winter olympics/winter sports in general . 
  in fields like alpine skiing the us has top athletes that have a chance to win gold , while still having more than adequate competition from scandinavia , austria , germany , switzerland etc, 
  yes , i heard this from different people that have nothing to do with my cousin and i also disagree with the term personally , though i find it highly curious that the actual roma i know personally prefer the term `` zigeuner '' ( the german word for gypsi ) to the more political correct roma or sinti . 
  this goes so far that the actual word for discrimination against roma and sinti around here is anti-ziganism ( similar to anti-semitism ) , and the zigan comes from the word `` zigeuner '', 
  we do n't call them roma , sinti or gypsies around here , the correct term is mem , short for mobile ethnic minority ( mobile ethnische minderheit ) i first learned that term from my cousin , who is a policeman , and he quite assuringly told me that this is common slang among german cops, 
  berlusconi ? 
  really ? 
  i was in rome during the last italian elections and i went to a ( admittedly left-wing ) bar during one of the televised debates between him and monti every single time berlusconi started to speak , the entire bar rose up , raised their hand to the hitler salute and started screaming `` duce , duce , duce ! '', 
  at the screen . 
  if your own population makes fun of you like that you are n't in any position to talk about other countries dictating anything to anyone, 
   we are still the main contributor to the eu budget as a german , that made me laugh big time . 
  we pay the biggest overall share , denmark pays the largest share per capita , while you guys are far from being anywhere near the top, 
  it 'll still be more than enough for the military of whatever country you are from, 
  ... on the explicit order of the 3 western allies that still controlled all 3 zones of west germany , bit i guess these facts are lost on you, 
  west german here , we did n't rebuild our military for shits and giggles , the allies basically ordered us to arm up to serve as a buffer zone between the warsaw pact and the western allies , and also designated us to be the first main battle ground for an eventual ww3 you do n't seem to know much about recent german history , but a very large civilian peace movement has tried to get rid of american nukes on our soil for decades , and we have downsized our military so much that today we have about 10 % as much tanks as we had 20 years ago . 
  we did n't intervene in libya , did n't send troops to iraq etc. 
  because selling guns to allied ( or even just friendly ) nations may serve the interests of the german people , selling guns to the local gangsters probably does not, 
  it is n't merkels property , but as long as germany is paying the bills it understandably wants to call the shots , and imho its madness to give more power to the states that just fucked up big time and displayed a lack of ability to run a decent economy, 
  berlin and paris seem to agree that its a bad idea to let the greeks try to sort out their own mess , spain is another ballgame entirely, 
  your history classes where about the rise and fall of the third reich , not about ww2 itself , thats a big difference . 
  german history classes in school talk about the weimar republic , hitlers rise to power , the holocaust etc , but they do n't really talk about the war itself . 
  no german history teacher would use a map that shows the different fronts of the war , its all about the politics and atrocities behind it , not which army took which city at what time, 
  all good and valid points , i think the german language uses `` positiver rassismus '' with a slightly different meaning than `` positive racism '' in english , the difference of opinion here might be based on that :-) also , til who jonah falcon is lol, 
  we have it with women , there are many companies that have a `` womens quota '' that states that a certain percentage of upper management employees have to be female . 
  so it is possible that a man with a better cv and resumee applies for the same job as a woman with less experience/education etc and still the woman gets the job so the quota is fulfilled its a heated topic for debates around here ( especially because some of our highest-ranking female politicians , the two ministers von der leyen and schr\u00f6der , hold completely opposite views on this and fight over the issue in public ), 
  exactly , good examples are `` all black men have massive dicks/can run fast '' , `` jews are good with money '' , `` asians excel at math '' etc. , its still racist, 
  german here short answer : nope long answer : nope , but they stand a much better chance at getting close to western and northern europe than the south of the continent nowadays , and being almost as rich as the average german still means you hit the jackpot compared to the rest of the world,
