  it 's quite incredible actually . 
  so better extort it from your neighboring countries then ? 
  ridiculous ... 
  i think you suffer from a severe case of victim complex . 
  then that guy still has 1 million euros left in the bank . 
  we call that taxing shit . 
  we do it to people who inherit wealth around here , just as an example . 
  and from our pov syriza sure qualifies as a borderline communist party . 
  i know what a vulture fund is , but their existence still does n't force any country to borrow ridiculous amounts of money . 
  it 's like the local credit shark in town . 
  sure he 's an asshole , that does n't mean you are forced to do business with him . 
  and i agree , to your second sentence , that 's why your posts piss me off so much . 
  then why does n't syriza start to tax wealth in greece ? 
  that 's whats pissing everyone around you guys off so much . 
  there is money in greece , but the government rather tries to extort it from other states than from the greek elite . 
  if syriza started to finally tax the shipping industry and meanwhile made a true effort to collect the ~ 70 billion in taxes that the greek population still owes the state we 'd have more empathy for you guys . 
  / r/conspiracy is over there . 
  you are like one of these idiots in hamas threads on r/worldnews : '' he does n't support hamas bombing israeli cities ? 
  he must be a paid shill , there is no other option !! 1 !! '', 
  fun fact : different people have different opinions , and many people outside of your little echo chamber agree that syriza and their politics are fucked up and counterproductice . 
  if you disagree with the terms of a loan and are unsure if you can pay it back as agreed upon you probably should n't take the loan instead of pocketing the money and screaming `` why do i have to pay back ? 
  later on . 
  because russian troops keep them in check . 
  same goes for the `` referendum '' . 
  how free do you think a vote is gon na be if armed soldiers of the annexing country are supervising it ? 
  the word `` east '' was nowhere to be found in your post i originally replied to . 
  and i screencapped it just in case you try to edit it now ;-) . 
  you said `` affected places '' , guess what an illegal annexation combined with a hybrid war started by the bully neighbor kinda affects the whole country of ukraine . 
  and my mate only came over here a few years ago , he 's been living in kiev for 25 years before that and still has lots of family over there . 
  i have a flatmate who was born in kiev and really says otherwise . 
  this was an annexation , do n't sugarcoat it . 
  the referendum in crimea was also a total joke . 
  i am feeling pretty safe concerning us invasion at the moment , might have something to do with them being our ally for decades now . 
  it 's putin who scares me , and i still have a few countries as a buffer zone between me and russia , the feeling must be a lot worse in poland and other former warsaw pact countries . 
  you might start with the country that just annexed parts of the territory of a sovereign neighbor . 
  it stops being `` paranoia '' when russian troops and russian-supplied rebels start fucking up shit in other countries . 
  the title makes it sound like the uk is not a nato member ... 
  the thing is that even many germans who were supporting the greek position a year ago have now changed their mind . 
  syrizas negotiation style and threat tactics have pissed so many people around here off its insane . 
  thats the fundamental mistake tsipras is making . 
  he can play hardball with sch\u00e4uble behind closed doors , but he ca n't piss merkels voters off to the point where she 'll have to fear for her reelection and further rise of anti-euro parties if she keeps supporting greece . 
  and last week the german polls showed more people in favor of a grexit than against it , this has never happened before . 
  meet silverionmox , smarter than all the economists of europe combined lol . 
  so you rather take greek advice on how to run an economy ? 
  good luck with that lol . 
  so we are using the daily fail as a source now ? 
  i blame the old government just the same , but they managed to reach a primary surplus at the end of last year , whhile syriza created a climate of uncertainty that meant that no one was willing to invest in greece for months . 
  they played a six month game of chicken with the troika and it cost their economy dearly . 
  that 's up to the greek government at this point . 
  if greece defaults there 'll be a lot more dumpster diving going on down there . 
  i am giving helpful rational advice here , but `` finally tax your own elite and collect taxes like a functioning nation '' seems to be an unreasonable suggestion for greeks . 
  when you guys finally start to properly tax your massive shipping industry and also collect the ~ 70 billion in taxes that your own citizens owe your state you may complain about tough conditions and ask us for more help with a straight face . 
  we have no problem with taking in war refugees , we have a big problem with unlimited numbers of economic immigrants . 
  big difference here . 
  did i claim otherwise ? 
  the measures for turkey were less severe because the shit they were in was n't as deep as is the case in greece nowadays . 
  turkey and jordan are often-cited examples of countries where imf intervention is regarded as succesful, 
  so do you believe that greece will repay that loan or not ? 
  it 's a simple question buit immediately you avoid the question and launch a personal attack instead . 
  when the grexit happens and your country enters a whole world of economic hurt far surpassing everything you are experiencing now you will realize how good you had it under the eu/ez umbrella and with our support . 
  good luck , you guys are gon na need it . 
  and i prefer serious newspapers like the faz to tabloids . 
  you are under the impression that this subreddit accurately reflects the political stances of the european nations . 
  you ignore the fact that reddit attracts a young , liberal and left-leaning audience which skews the debate . 
  but the succesful countries of europe are n't run by young , left-leaning kids . 
  you 'll soon experience the difference between the circlejerk here and what happens in the real world . 
  and it 's precisely that childish tone compared with stupid allegations and your amateur government that makes the rest of europe say `` fuck em '' by now . 
  here , have a look at the comments in this worldnews thread so see what the people outside of the / r/europe circlejerk are thinking about your whole mess : https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/39t3bz/germany_says_europe_is_losing_patience_with_greece/, 
  the first thing tsipras did after being elected was rehiring previously fired public sector people . 
  he 's refusing further austerity measures so your point is bullshit . 
  greek economic indicators were turning for the better at the end of last year , because the medicine started to show the desired effect and then syriza came around and fucked it all up again . 
  they are trying to roll back those measures that were turning their economy around for the better again and you have the fucking nerve to tell me greece did everything it was asked for ? 
  they did partly , but only until they elected tsipras and thus if you guys ca n't keep your end of the deal we see no reason to keep ours if your government does n't play ball . 
  trying to turn the ez into a transfer union is an extortion attempt directed at the richer countries . 
  and do you honestly , even for one second , believe that greece will repay that loan in full within our lifetimes ? 
  because i really doubt it , which makes this `` loan '' a gift . 
  and they are getting that loan , they just need to accept that there are conditions attached . 
  we do n't want to have to repeat this in 5 years , thats why greece has to undergo austerity measures and get their finances in order . 
  and to ask for other countries money while tax evasion is rampant at home is an insult to the tax paying citizens of other ez countries . 
  as long as greece does n't get its state finances in order it will depend on money transfers from the north . 
  that will require tough austerity measures . 
  greece is unwilling to continue them , as tsipras said time and time again , thus we have to keep sending money . 
  this pisses us off mightily , and if we let it slide we only give a clear signal to syriza clones all over southern europe to try the same shit instead of trying to get their finances in order . 
  i do n't know whats so hard to understand about this . 
  i understand that greeks do n't like the shit they are in right now , but you can take your complains to your fathers and grandfathers generation who fucked your economy with decades of overspending and irresponsible fiscal policies . 
  the longterm cost of keeping them in and tolerating such irresponsible fiscal behaviour for decades will be much more severe . 
  you do n't seem to realize how pissed off the northern countries are at greeces behaviour . 
  anti-eu parties are on the rise precisely because of the bullshit in athens , and this is the real danger here . 
  and the problem with that 1 trillion number was pointed out to you elsewhere in this thread . 
  the prediction is three years old and the rest of the ez has taken measures to shield itself from the fallout of a grexit in that time . 
  we are prepared , i doubt that you guys are . 
  and you do n't understand what would happen if greece gets away with their little extortion attempt . 
  if the troika gives in first right now then podemos will win the next election in spain , similar things will happen in portugal etc. 
  there would be no reason whatsoever for the poorer economies of europe to ever get their shit in order if they can just assume that they can just freeload on the richer countries . 
  the only thing damaging our credibility would be to give in to tsipras and his merry gang of socialist amateur politicians . 
  i highly doubt that this number is even remotely correct . 
  we are talking about a small country of little over 10 million citizens , not half of the continent . 
  a trillion is about what west germany spent over 2,5 decades to get the former gdr up to western standards after 1990 , so even if your number is correct do n't assume that this is a price europe could n't pay . 
  it 's a price i 'd be willing to pay if it stops the ez from turning into a transfer union . 
  i rather get that bill once and endure a few years of economic hardship than be turned into the milk cow that has to support countries that refuse to get their finances in order .
