  they are perfect for force projection and intimidating smaller enemies , but china and russia are n't afraid of them as anti ship missiles are a highly effective and cheap way to destroy carriers . 
  read tom clancy 's red storm rising for a fascinating read on how aircraft carriers would fare in a war against capable enemies . 
  the czech republic is one of the largest arms manufacturers in europe , it 's by no means a country with low availability of guns . 
  we do n't want them to suffer , we just do n't want all our own ressources to be wasted to try to rescue them from the hole they dug for themselves . 
  i could n't care less about greece , i did n't think of them any better or worse than i thought about the citizens of uruguay , mongolia or micronesia before this whole crisis , but if it 's my money on the line that they are wasting to keep their corrupt little shithole going i am gon na get a little mad at them . 
  greek citizens lived far above their means by borrowing insane amounts of money , and now when it 's payback time they suddenly feel like we are treating them too harsh and they call us evil nazi fucks for the oh-so-unreasonable request that they pay back the money they borrowed . 
  the crazy part about that contest is that they banned the actual fan favourite and score leader from winning this year . 
  the word was `` alpha-kevin * '' , a term i 've actually overheard being used and one that is actually rather funny , but it was deemed discriminatory and unfit to win this contest so again they went with something stupid no one ever heard . 
  * for the uninitiated : alpha-kevin is a german inside joke . 
  lower class people , especially from the former gdr , often name their kid kevin in a weird attempt to make it sound american and `` cool '' . 
  so kevin as a name is associated with stupid lower class kids from dysfunctional families . 
  an alpha-kevin is like an even more hardcore version of a normal kevin , a term for someone really stupid , poor and `` uncool '' . 
  it 's kinda similar to the discrimination american blacks named lateesha or something similar have to endure . 
  as we say in germany : kevin is a diagnosis , not a name , and someone named kevin should have a designated social service guy looking after him from birth onwards . 
  i 've been working with kids and teenagers for over a decade now , i 've seen many of these kids grow up . 
  trust me , while i am aware that they can change tone when adults are around , i 'd have heard that term by now if it were in use among kids in hessen . 
  and this is n't even some term they 'd need to hide , it 's not like they are calling people mutterficker or hurensohn . 
  he 's right though , claiming that merkel has n't said anything of importance in a decade is ridiculous , pointless hyperbole . 
  she took clear positions concerning things like pegida , discrimination of jews in germany , played hardball with close allies during the lybia engagement , plays hardball with putin concerning ukraine ( hello sanctions ) etc. 
  your claim is just ridiculous . 
  as a german 30-something working with german kids on a daily basis i have never heard that term . 
  it 's like the yearly vote for `` youth term of the year '' where they always nominate shit no one has ever used . 
  if you are my employee and you take a decision i do n't like and i in return cut your salary for some bullshit reason shortly after , would n't you agree that the next time you are faced with having to make a similar decision you might decide to take the other option ? 
  garry kasparov is not just some guy ... also : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/11656043/my-life-as-a-pro-putin-propagandist-in-russias-secret-troll-factory.html http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/mar/02/guardian-view-russian-propaganda-truth-out-there http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/02/opinion/vladimir-putin-hides-the-truth.html http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/02/putin-kremlin-inside-russian-troll-house http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/14/world/europe/russian-tv-insider-says-putin-is-running-the-show-in-ukraine.html?_r=0 we can do this all day , but somehow i am under the impression that you are n't interested in facts ... 
  keep reading a little further , just half a page , and you get to this little quote by garry kasparov :  our country is ruled by the regime which stands against both the interests of russia as a whole , and practically every its citizen . 
  except only for the top people in the security services and the corrupted bureaucracy , that use the state machine in their private interests . 
  this regime makes the steady go to destroy all the institutes of the democratic society : elections , free media , independent court ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_the_press_in_russia#censorship knock yourself out, 
  the imf predictions are based on the notion that a nation pays its taxes and is willing to support reform . 
  their predictions were rather spot on for the other austerity countries , which in turn says a lot about greece ... 
  only a greek would use `` tax payer '' as an insult . 
  you demonstrate the core of the issue quite clearly . 
  if all your countrymen simply became tax payers we 'd be a lot closer to a solution here . 
  fact 1 : merkel is one of the few people in our government who still tries to keep you guys in the ez , all the criticism against her coming from greeks shows an extreme lack of insight into german politics . 
  luckily ouir politicians ( unlike your politicians ) are n't insane enough to hold a referendum around here asking the german people `` do you want to keep bailouting greece any longer '' ? 
  fact 2 : it 's a stupid idea to keep investing into a nation as corrupt and defunctional as yours . 
  it 's a barrel without a bottom as we like to say around here . 
  thus , our best option if we do n't wan na finance you guys for all eternity is cutting you off right now . 
  you guys will never be able to repay what you owe us , it would be stupid for us to keep throwing more money after the money that is already lost . 
  add the fact that your socialist government has threatened to nationalize whole industries and foreign assets and you can make a wild guess how many people will be willing to invest in your country . 
  fact 3 : `` cooperation '' is a funny word to use after 6 months of full on blockade lead by tsipras and varoufakis . 
  you guys could have had it a lot easier without having elected those clowns . 
  trying to play hardball with the troika in your current situation was about the most retarded idea i 've seen in a long time . 
  syriza showed the world what happens when your campus government gets to take over a nation . 
  anyway , you guys are fucked . 
  and considering the tone , the insults and accusations coming from greece since syriza took power i ca n't say that i have too much pity left in me for you and your countrymen . 
  call me crazy , but somehow i am not surprised that trying to blackmail germany with war reparations , announcing to especially look into corruption from german companies , burning our flag on the streets of athens and spraying graffiti that shows our chancellor with a hitler mustache did n't gather you guys many favours and friends around here . 
  and finally , it 's always easy to call for solidarity when it 's not your money on the line . 
  of course that money goes straight to the banks , it 's to pay back your debts at easier conditions , not a free gift for you guys . 
  if we just handed over that money to you you would have taken it twice without paying back the first charge of loans . 
  and if you think that 's unfair then i dare you to try and get similar loans under free market conditions at the financial markets . 
  you guys do n't seem to realize how much we are helping you out right now . 
  i hope you do understand that a union in which we have to pay for your country 's economic shenanigans forever is a rather shitty deal for us ? 
  we hate having to be the ones whose taxes are being used to compensate for your country mens unwillingness to properly pay their taxes . 
  the fact that greece lied and cheated it 's way into the ez in the first place , then continued to abuse the system by borrowing like mad men ( knowing full well they can never pay it back , a fucked up behaviour that continued until very recently when the people of greece were draining the ela system , again knowing they can never pay it back and thus basically stealing from everyone else in the ez ) does n't make it easier for us to help you guys out . 
  now add a syriza government that on top of all this shut insults and threatens us and you got one big greek - created cluster fuck , and i 'll be dammed if i have to pay the bill for it . 
  i think the only people being fed bullshit narratives where the syriza voters who believed that tsipras and v-man could somehow start a merry socialist revolution after winning their election . 
  and your economy is n't being strangled , it 's being cut down to its normal uninflated level , right where it should be without the constant infusion of borrowed cash into your economy . 
  the greek living standard you guys accustomed yourself too when you joined the euro was a myth financed on loans , now you go back to reality . 
  of course that 's gon na be pretty ugly , but your countrymen should have thought about that before they borrowed money like junkies on cold turkey . 
  did you honestly believe that all the other countries involved here would have simply said `` ok forget about the last deal we painstakingly negotiated , greece has a new government , time for new negotiations '' just because a measly few million voters at the outskirts of the ez voted for a different party ? 
  if we ignore and change agreements every time a member state elects a new government then this union will become ungovernable really quick ... forgetting that the other guys in brussels also have voters to answer to remains syrizas greatest and most baffling fuck-up among many . 
  the spd has managed to implement a lot of their program , it 's a stupid myth to suggest they are just serving merkel 24/7 . 
  i am an spd voter and got exactly what i voted for after the last election , except for steinbr\u00fcck being chancellor . 
  you seem to like your crimea wars in russia ... 
  the scary part is that his shit is getting upvotes as well, 
  hochtief is a majority-owned spanish company nowadays , i do not read the bild zeitung and if you had the slightest idea about this whole greek charade you would have realized that this borrowed money was used to for more than just infrastructure . 
  it also financed early retirement and other entitlements for loads of greek public sector employees , who in turn rewarded their politicians for their crooked behaviour by voting them again . 
  many greeks are responsible for this and thus my pity for them is rather limited nowadays , especially considering all the hate and anti-german attacks we had to endure for having the goodwill to keep their shitty third world economy from collapsing by loaning them shitloads of money so they can pay their other loans . 
  without troika support greece would be a failed state by now , and yet they give us shit and refuse to properly reform their system , get rid of their disgusting culture of tax evasion and tax their wealthiest industry . 
  i am sick of this by now , they should exit the ez so the rest of us can have a proper union comprised of functional states with citizens who do n't see their government ( and other governments ) as a free-to-use atm . 
  once again for simple-minded mouth breathers like yourself : greece borrowed shitloads of money to finance a welfare state they could have never afforded with their own economy . 
  they did this because lying and cheating their way into the ez allowed them to borrow money like their northern neighbours . 
  now its payback time and greece realizes they ca n't afford to pay back all that money because they used it on bullshit instead of investing it into useful things that would have reaped a reward . 
  so now the banks like their money back and as greece is unable to do this other nations jump in and help greece out by loaning it money way under market conditions and with looooooooooooong payback times so greece can use that money to pay off the more pressing loans . 
  if that money would instead simply be handed over to the greeks without any conditions they would have just ripped off their loaners twice in a row without paying back what they borrowed , which would kinda defeat the whole point . 
  and piss off with zerohedge , i prefer real news that are n't written by cowards who are too scared to even put their own names next to the shit they wrote . 
  i love this bullshit here . 
  fact 1 : hochtief is owned by the spanish grupo acs ( since 2011 ) fact 2 : the current ceo is marcelino fern\u00e1ndez verdes , a spanish citizen fact 3 : you are thinking about roland koch , former head of the state of hessen , who then joined bilfinger group , a competitor of hochtief source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hochtief : `` in late 2010 , spanish construction company grupo acs , which already owned a 30 percent stake of hochtief , launched a bid that would allow acs to acquire an additional 20 percent stake of hochtief . 
  the bid was approved by the german federal financial supervisory authority ( bafin ) on 29 november 2010 . 
  [ 17 ] acs increased its stake in hochtief to 50.16 percent in june 2011 , [ 18 ] effectively taking over control of hochtief . '', 
  but why let facts get in the way of a nice circlejerk ... 
  we did n't give you more money to buy a new flat screen , we gave you some so you can pay off the last one you bought because you guys chose a luxury model you could n't afford instead of a tinier screen more in line with your economic output . 
  i do n't know what 's so hard to understand about this . 
  we also have the decency to borrow greece all that money at conditions that are way better than anything greece could get on the financial markets . 
  tourism is already close to max capacity . 
  there is a finite number of people you can move through the akropolis or any other tourist attraction at one time , there is n't much room for growth here . 
  the bavarian version of the cdu is called csu . 
  they are even more conservative than the cdu and together they form the so called union . 
  imagine a hardcore version sister party of the gop running texas . 
  they 'll support the conservative candidate in an election , but that does n't mean that the gop would be crazy enough to let a candidate from the texas version of their party run in the entire us . 
  bavaria is a really special case in german politics . 
  i hold the completely opposite opinion here . 
  for weeks you did n't hear much of merkel while tsipras appeared to be storming all over european politics . 
  then she first sends sch\u00e4uble ahead , he makes his `` greece should maybe quit the euro for 5 years '' announcement ( do n't for a second believe that this was n't coordinated with merkel ) , tsipras crumbles immediately the second germany seems to take his grexit seriously and says `` ok , go ahead , i do n't give a fuck anymore '' and days later tsipras signs terms that are way worse than the ones his electorate disagreed with a week ago . 
  merkel basically said `` sign here or be doomed '' and it was all over ( for now ) . 
  syriza will implode over this , merkel just secured her re-election , sch\u00e4uble enjoys ridiculously high ratings , varoufakis is out of a job and podemos wo n't roll over everyone at the next spanish election . 
  quite an impressive week for the german government imho . 
  i ca n't give you a source but i 've definitely heard this thing about the butter sticks before :-) kohl had really `` pragmatic '' solutions to all kinds of problems . 
  nsa spying on the german leadership ?
