  do you propose 10 years of prison time for stealing some beers from a garage ? 
  exactly . 
  and people tend to forget that having a firearm in ones home vastly increases the likelihood that one of the family members gets hurt/killed by that firearm ( accidental discharge , kids finding it and playing around with the gun etc. ), 
  over here in germany the law dictates that you have to try to get to safety/avoid a fight first and only if there 's no reasonable way to avoid a confrontation with an intruder and he 's clearly willing to use force then you are allowed to use deadly force to defend yourself . 
  german law values the life of a burglar more than the flatscreen in a home owners house , i guess in america its different . 
  over here in germany people tend not to get killed for stealing some beers from someone elses garage ... of course this guy was an idiot , but civilized people call the authorities in a case like this . 
  they proceed to arrest the kid , give him a proper trial , sentence him to a hundred hours of community work and everythings fine . 
  people that honestly argue that a break-in into a garage warrants an instant execution frighten me . 
  the citizens of the united arab emirates would like a word with you . 
  his country probably is n't invading sovereign neighbours right now . 
  turkey is definitely advanced enough to develop nukes if they wanted to , if impoverished north korea could acquire the technology then so can turkey . 
  and saudi arabia has the financial means to make it happen if they want to as well . 
  same here in germany , the amount of pro-russian comments on the major german news sites is bizarre and in no way explainable when i compare it to the general opinion of most people i personally talk to about the crimea annexation . 
  it 's also pretty obvious that most of these commenters speak rather shitty german . 
  most industries over here in germany already had a sort of minimum wage , as the unions often negotiated industry-wide wage standards with the employers union ( do n't know if its also called a union when its the employers , but they have their own organisations around here ) . 
  that would be proper cause for a violent revolution around here . 
  as a german it boggles my mind how us citizens can tolerate 10 vacation days per year . 
  i got 25 when i started working and have been raised to 28 in just a few years . 
  non-smokers even get an extra day off per year to reward them for their lack of smoking breaks ( my boss is a chain smoker and this is his way of rewarding the non-smokers without punishing his addict employees :-) ), 
  german here , just posting to see what flag we got :-) edit : fuck this , lol, 
  if you had actually read my post you would have noticed that i was talking about me and my generation , and added the information that i was born in the 1980s . 
  nowhere did i say that my grandfathers generation should be absolved in any way , i just said that there is no reasonable argument to make that my generation should feel guilty or responsible for the holocaust , as we were born decades after . 
  next time please try to understand the content of a post before you try to correct minor spelling mistakes . 
  and you really need to look up the difference between the federal republic of germany and the third reich . 
  brb , got ta sue italy for the roman invasion of germania , those motherfuckers killed my grandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandgrandfather after all seriously , modern day germany does not equal the third reich , same as modern day italy does n't equal the roman empire . 
  i was born in the 1980 's , why would i or any other member of my generation be held accountable for the holocaust ? 
  did you just reply to yourself ? 
  fair point . 
  you are right , on second reading i understand your comment a little differently :-), 
  the bnd is much smaller and less competent than the kgb , with far less influence and power over the daily life of the average german , and klaus kinkel being an fdp member ( the smaller coalition partner of helmut kohls party , the cdu , for the non-germans reading this . 
  the smaller of two coalition partners in power usually gets to name the vice chancellor , but never the chancellor ) also meant that he had no chance in hell to ever become chancellor of germany . 
  putin ruling russia is on an entirely different level . 
  i agree with you , i just wan na add something : the thing with tanks is that there is no `` best '' main battle tank in the world . 
  different countries design them for different purposes . 
  the german leopard 2 tanks were designed with a soviet invasion of western europe in mind . 
  thus , they do n't need to have good fuel efficiency or range , as their main objective was to hold a fixed line and then retreat just enough to reform that line . 
  they suck in desert environments ( the bundeswehr learned that the hard way in afghanistan , same goes for our helicopters ) . 
  they are easily servicable by a small group of engineers or soldiers though , and have some of the best armor and firing systems ever designed . 
  the american abrams and israeli merkava tanks are incredible pieces of engineering as well , but they excel in different aspects than the leopard . 
  submarines are the same . 
  the german subs are unusually small compared to what the americans or russians are building . 
  this is because one of the main requirements for german subs is that they can operate in the baltic sea and the mediterranean , thus they need to be able to handle much more shallow waters than the atlantic or pacific ocean . 
  german here . 
  seriously , a large portion of our elderly ( and female ) population loves this stuff . 
  when some big marriage or similar event happens among european royalty ( not just will & kate in england , even marriages in smaller countries like belgium or denmark ) our tv channels go nuts with live broadcasting all day . 
  the amount of media coverage when queen beatrix of the netherlands retired and passed the job on to her son was beyond ridiculous . 
   `` however a statement by an experienced sio [ senior investigating officer ] currently attached to so 1 ( 3 ) gives some indication of the depth of the problem in east and north-east london : ` i feel that at the current time i can not carry out an ethical murder investigation without the fear of it being compromised . ' sounds like a pretty serious problem , can any brits here share some insight about this ? 
  1 . i do n't have to convert exchange rates in my head between deutsche mark and that funny monopoly money that was in use in italy for decades everytime i go skiing 2 . open borders are awesome , i travel a lot 3 . i lived in the netherlands for a year and did n't have any legal trouble doing so as it was my right as a eu citizen to work and live everywhere in the union 4 . the eu introduced regulation for standardized chargers for all smartphones , nuff said :-), 
   especially as britain invented the welfare state and nhs that was an important part of your point , and it was simply false, 
  german here , we invented public healthcare and the welfare state system, 
  even us courts decided that the guy was harmless , so i 'd like him not extradited to america in the first place . 
  and germany has yet to be hit by a major terrorist attack . 
  there 's a reason why they always pick you guys or the british as targets . 
  its because your military behaves like a bull in a china shop all around the middle east . 
  americas foreign policies are one of the prime reasons for the 9/11 attacks and other acts of terrorism , and i am getting tired of that bullshit sentiment that everyone else is guilty of this and needs to be watched while the us is `` innocent '' . 
  last i checked those guys received their flight training in the us , without which they could n't have pulled it off . 
  i have yet to hear any complaints about the people of florida and their willingness to give flight training to terrorists . 
  you guys also lacked the balls to stir up some shit in saudi arabia , where all of those guys originated from . 
  instead you blame germany , where a few of those guys spent some time before 9/11 . 
  get a grip on reality dude . 
  the nsa has sent german citizens to guantanamo ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murat_kurnaz, 
  you can specify how many downvotes a comment needs to become hidden , it 's up to every user how they set this value . 
  well north korea executed some ex-general with a fucking mortar last year ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/9630509/north-korean-army-minister-executed-with-mortar-round.html, 
  inaccurate !, 
  a true first-world citizen of europe would never snort his cocaine through a measly 50 euro bill, 
  german here , i have seen this happen before at metal shows but it 's not really common, 
  but distribution of wealth is a lot less even , it 's all good and well for the 1 % at the top , but ask the other 99 % ... 
  did you even read my reply ? 
  having a high employment rate across the entire population is indeed a real benefit for the vast majority of the german people . 
  german employment levels are really high right now , the general population profits from this as well . 
  taking advice from the us on how to run an economy is like asking your shitfaced drunk friend to explain how to safely operate a vehicle how about the rest of the eurozone tries to rise to our level of economic productivity instead of trying to drag us down to theirs ? 
  when britain agrees to financial transaction taxes ( and thus shoots its own financial sector in the foot ) we can begin to talk about germany reducing exports . 
  everything that says `` imported '' on the label . 
  / s on a serious note : oettinger and bitburger should both be declared unfit for human consumption . 
  greatest fact i have read all week :-), 
  you never had real currywurst then , just ask johnny knoxville if he thinks it 's a bit sweet for curry ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lopjkwht_yi :-), 
  http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02074/merkozy_2074411b.jpg even sexier ... 
  gregor gisy proposed that the law should be changed so that a unanimous vote of the entire opposition would enable them to start a kontrollausschuss or similar measures as well , but it 's very uncertain if a grand coalition would be willing to support such measures that could only backfire for them . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=nxavy32wxy0#t=48 ( sorry , had to :-) , my dad still calls your entire nation rudi-rotzer  `` rudi-spitters '' ) besides that ? 
  nice people , cool attitude , like a little more relaxed and liberal version of my own countrymen :-) . 
  i 'll be going to rotterdam for new years eve , and i am looking forward to visit your beautiful country again !, 
  i also have a weird fascination and love for that very specific type of trance and happy hardcore techno that only the dutch seem to be able to make . 
  basically ... we love you guys as long as you are n't playing football against us :-), 
  they actually tried longer opening hours in major cities a few years ago , but the participating store chains quickly found out that the vast majority of germans simply wo n't go shopping at night . 
  i get your argument and you have a good and valid point there , but i prefer our system as it is . 
  especially the fact that germany basically shuts down on sundays , it guaranteed that sunday was family-goes-on-a-trip day during my entire childhood :-) fun fact : the whole sunday thing is one of the few cases where conservative church groups and left-wing unions joined forces for a common goal around here :-), 
  i live in frankfurt and there are a few late night pizza shops and fast food joints that are open until 4am or so , we also have certain exceptions for stores/restaurants located at major travel hubs ( train stations , airports ) , but that 's about it . 
  only berlin has a large variety of late night corner stores and kebab shops . 
  when i still lived on university campus a few years ago it was always hilarous to watch foreign students trying to do their shopping on sundays , they learned rather quickly after having to resort to expensive gas stations for a few weeks :-), 
  it 's tempting to think about having shops that are open 24/7 , until you realize that some pure guy has to work that night-shift every single night . 
  i take the inconvenience of not being able to shop at night and on sundays over having to work in the middle of the night . 
  also , i am 30 years old and have n't work on a sunday even once in my entire life , the fact that this is possible for a vast majority of workers is one of the greatest achievements of our nation . 
  german here , i have never oaid a single cent of church tax in my life . 
  if one is too fucking lazy to sign that form that lets people opt out of it then thats too bad ... 
  i also had ethics class from primary school till i finished high school . 
  aka the nectar of the gods :-), 
  does anybody here really believe that greece will pay back their loans in our lifetime ? 
  germany has a beer culture , not necessarily a hard liquor culture . 
  we all get happily wasted on 5 % alcohol beer with the occasional schnaps thrown in for good measure ( well most of us anyway , a sch\u00fctzenfest in northrhine-westfalia is a different matter ... ) . 
  it 's a lot easier to keep drinking beer for extended periods of time than it is to down shots and j\u00e4gerbombs and other high-percentage alcohol , which is a common thing in the us .
