ok , so what i 'm asking is whether there is an article or something where someone of relevance in this situation has said that an eu army would work the way you 're saying . 
  i ask because if they have , and i 've missed it , then i 'd like to be informed on it . 
  if no one has said that , and it 's your personal perspective on how you * think * it 'll play out , that 's fine too . 
  i 'm just trying to clarify . 
  i was asking if you 'd read that anywhere . 
   by removing individual countries ' right to work within nato where have you read this ? 
  i might have missed it . 
   its not like we havent had a war between european nations before . 
  this is very true . 
  if only their existed some union of sorts that could ensure peace and prosperity to a continent based on similar values and co-operation . 
  then we would n't even have to worry about things like wars , because we 'd all be building something together . 
  we could call it . . the europa co-op , or maybe the europe 4 togetherness initiative . 
  i do n't know i 'm not good with naming things . 
  it 'll weaken nato by [ working to complement it ? 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/brexit-latest-news-live-eu-jean-claude-juncker-speech-europe-latest-updates-a7288296.html )  `` we must have a european headquarters and so we should work towards a common military force , '' mr juncker told the european parliament , although officials stressed this did not amount to an eu army . 
   `` this should be to complement nato , '' he said , also outlining proposals for a common defence fund . 
  you sincerely believe that if an eu army came to fruition , they 'd annex/attack the uk in some fashion ? 
  because that 's what you seem to be implying . 
  i 'll have you know that the eu is * nothing * without the uk !, 
  that 's why we have to * sabotage any attempt at implementing future policies * before we leave , because of reasons and * taking back control * \u2122 . 
  we 're relevant on our own , * you have to believe me * . 
  ** lord saviour farage wills it . 
   the uk is still in though , so it has every right to block policies it does n't want . 
  so does that mean fucking shit up on our way is the best course of action ? 
  even if it is a deeply flawed idea , why should the uk care ? 
  we voted to leave , so why are we interfering with decisions that will effect the eu 's future and not ours ? 
  this is just spiteful gamesmanship . 
  uk universities definitely have a strand of the type of feminism and social justice that is comparable if not an extension of what it 's like in the us . 
  so it 's definitely not something that is completely non existent in europe . 
  but i can agree it 's not * as * widespread as in the us . 
   only reason it is so vocally fought against is the fact that it is a useful strawman to use to push various conservative narratives . 
  this sets a dangerous precedent . 
  namely , if you criticise feminism or left leaning politics/ideals you 're a conservative pushing some agenda/narrative . 
  it 's how absurd views like `` racism = prejudice and power '' and thus racism against whites = not possible become acceptable . 
  it leaves the field of discussion completely shut off to other left leaning people who * do n't * agree with extremist or absurd views , because the moment they offer some criticism they 're branded `` right wing '' or `` alt right '' or `` gamergate '' or [ insert boogeyman here ] . 
   if people stopped spouting that till someone of import actually says this nonsense i 'd be very grateful . 
  white privilege and `` intersectionality '' are both concepts used by mainstream feminism today , and both bolster the `` racism against whites is n't possible '' idea . 
  peggy mcintosh i believe was the first to write about the idea , she 's a well known feminist . 
  you said in another comment that you do n't visit the subreddits where people who adhere to these beliefs discuss things , and that 's good for you , it 'll keep you sane , but it does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  them being on a subreddit also does n't mean they 're somehow not real people , with lives and friends with similar views who 'll go out and do shit like in the op . 
  if people stopped spouting that `` internet people are n't real people '' , i 'd be very grateful . 
  so show me what actual point you were addressing ? 
  you were literally addressing something * no one even said * . 
  that strawman did n't stand a chance . 
   i 'm just being provocative to hear something interesting fair enough . 
   you must also understand how problematic the situation can become if the eu does n't set an example . 
  oh i 'm completely satisfied that the eu needs to find a decent balance between `` we 're not just keeping you here because we 'll fuck you up if you leave . '', 
  and `` leaving is fine , you 'll be better off . '', 
  i 've definitely got no problem with the eu going into discussions and negotiations like the uk is any other nation , because we * are * just any other nation . 
  it 's mostly just some of the gleeful reactions some people have when a news article like this crops up . 
   know that if you choose to move to the continent you will be very welcome !, 
  i appreciate that , and it 's definitely my plan right now !, 
   you 're not wanted in the eu so you can skip the labeling and ... get ready to suffer . 
  as someone who voted remain , i got ta say , it 's a little fucked you 're cheering on what will potentially be hard times for a lot of people who did n't want to fuck with the eu relationship in the first place . 
  this thread seems to be overrun with people convinced the referendum result was 90/10 vote to leave and that all of the uk and it 's residents deserve what 's coming . 
  there is none . 
  i was taking issue with the idea that you should have privacy in public , which is as you pointed out , different from anonymity . 
  anonymity in public is n't absurd , but unless you 're wearing a name badge cctv is n't going to be able to identify you . 
  you 're still just a face among the crowd . 
  if you 've already got your photo in some database and are identifiable via cctv , chances are you 've done something wrong in the past and in doing so you end up giving up some of that anonymity . 
  the internet is n't an open and public space depending on where you are . 
  websites are often privately owned and set their own privacy and data rules . 
  so no , it does n't apply to the internet , at least not as one broad sweeping concept/question . 
  edit : to be a little clearer . 
  the guy i 'm replying to is saying there should be an expectation of privacy in * public * , which is an absurd premise . 
  if you want privacy , you go somewhere private , whether it be a members club or your home etc. 
  the internet is n't a `` public street '' or really comparable . 
   one can easily argue that personal privacy should exist in public as well to what extent ? 
  if you want absolute privacy , you go home or to some privately owned place and do whatever it is you want to do , there . 
  why are you owed privacy in an open and public space ? 
  damn , that 's some really nice scenery though . 
  i guess my next question then , would be whether those other people are actually going to become productive members of society . 
  they can be , and very likely are , good decent people but is n't getting them into the workforce turning out to be difficult ? 
  the language barrier alone is pretty big , even with the free language courses i 've heard the - german in this case - government offers . 
  do n't get me wrong , if people were arriving in europe and able to hit the ground running , take up jobs , develop skills , all that good stuff i 'd 100 % agree with you . 
  the reality is a lot bleaker for many of them though , they 'll end up stuck relying on welfare systems at least until their kids grow up with a near native grasp of whatever language their host nation speaks . 
  that 's also assuming the kids grow up and actually find some comfort and pride in the values the host nation puts forth , as opposed to finding those values disagreeable . 
   but let 's put things in prospective : we are living in the most peaceful time of human history . 
  while that might be completely accurate to say , there 's always a danger of complacently repeating this over and over whilst being blind to things getting worse and worse . 
  how do you know this is n't the start of a tumble into increased violence ? 
  would you not rather address it as being such , and treat it now , than wait until we 're no longer living `` in the most peaceful time of human history '' ? 
   though i think it 's still worth it overall . 
  because ... ? 
   what a bizarre question , what on earth do you mean by that ? 
  how is it bizarre ? 
  i 'm trying to understand what life as you know it right now is . 
  how can anyone discuss `` changes '' if you wo n't tell them what the initial state of something was ? 
   sounds like too much of a personal question to me . 
  how is it personal ? 
  i did n't ask you for your mums maiden name and what school you went to . 
   if hertfordshire goes the way of london , life as i have known it will be over . 
  what is life as you know it ? 
   if you think i 'm a bigoted racist then that 's up to you mate i did n't say shit about bigotry or racism . 
  your insecurities are your own . 
   i will not apologies for our countries history that happened decades before i landed on the earth . 
  i did n't ask you to apologise for it . 
  i was pointing out just how you * sound * . 
  you sound like someone longing for the days of the empire . 
   i take pride in my country and want it to be at the top and take no shame in saying so . 
  i take pride in my country too , though i 've got no desire for us to be `` at the top '' , i 'm much happier working toward cooperation .
