allahu proxy war good one.and turkey is burning constitution ? 
  i heard that malta 's lands are owned by ottoman sultan, 
  i mean he bought the land not conquered, 
  google translate sucks.lanet cehennem is just a stupid sentence.you should have used `` hassiktir '' . 
  turkey can into europe, 
  claiming yourself greater than allah is a great sin in islam . 
  serbian `` empire '' lol, 
  this joke is ancient . 
  it goes to the invention of the wheel . 
  claim throne cb, 
  what is horse ? 
  back in my day , memes were legal, 
  nice manpower you got there, 
  just open them all and click accept multiple times if you wantto maintain good relations, 
  change ypur capital, 
  catholics mostly become orthodox in ck2 when you restore pentharcy . 
  but it would damage reformations . 
  genocide of natives ? 
  when shun fights with shu :, 
  general sisi ? 
  hotel ? 
  ahh my eyess.dammit mongorians . 
  this could happen now . 
  prussian with prussian government, 
  if beans only wanted to be strong so they cant be purged , why they vassalized instead of allying humans ? 
  your flag looks suspicious, 
  dont they exist in uk ? 
  where is my yataghan , i am waiting for you . 
  i thought it was a secret bazaar that only open on nights, 
  they dont seem to bother, 
  we need to increase our national unity and mobilise our forces under one single flag it look hard, 
  the fuck is going on with that golds everywhere ? 
  hope it will not an exile or escape, 
  why killed instead died ? 
  its treason then, 
  there is a conspiracy in turkey says that he ( erodo\u011fan ) is a jew that wears georgian mask that wears turkish muslim mask . 
  yeah crazy shit goin on here, 
  but what if that 2 police officers were feto ? 
  ne dedin ? 
  why not ? 
  you just want to an excuse to eat dog meat you sick [ deleted ] . 
  what is this purple color how did you do this, 
  test, 
  why ? 
  if he did that for just being stupid , this joke is not funny . 
  what are you then , a wolf ? 
  they dont have to be enemies . 
  we made them hostile.from laiks to radical muslims everyone has made some mistakes . 
  already declined.lol.they said i made drawing mistakes and the joke is overused . 
  you are fake news . . 
  change bottom pictures then its accurate, 
  scream of a cunt ( 2012 ), 
  starred by scarlett johansson, 
  when you get so angry to someone you even hate his fathers enemies . 
  end erdogan is a georgian-jew, 
  it can be on purpose, 
  if you buy expensive service they will be all good . 
  they dont care about poor customers they are assholes all of them . 
  there is k\u0131z\u0131lay . 
  there is g\u00f6ks\u00fc park for natural environment ( also for mangal ) . 
  there was a disney land project near ao\u00c7 ( zoo ) but i do n't know if its finished or not . 
  ankara is a shitty city for being a student ( i know it from myself ) . 
  so you didnt wasted 1000 hours of your life , what a waste, 
  i also wasted my life with civ v, 
  we contribtued a lot of militaristic thing . 
  easy , the internet itself, 
  we dont actually believe in coffee ffs its just for fun . 
  believing these things is a serious g\u00fcnah . 
  but jewish horde is historical, 
  this is wrong , all of them should have been related to feto, 
  its actually a pagan symbol , they represent the god of moon . 
  like the christian cross . 
  im not an expert and i may be wrong , pagans of arabia believed that allah was the god of moon and he had 3 daughters but allah is the only god and is god of everything . 
  correct me if im wrong . 
  i saw a russian bavaria.fucking orthodoxs in middle of the religious war, 
  when you only find angle grip and 4x scope in pubg, 
  russia can have +150 % manpower but ca n't handle the army maintenance . 
  a buff to the economy would be ok . 
  good for you . 
  good halt you did, 
  turkey 's flag is ottoman flag . 
  i thought they were travelling in time . 
  not from a muslim . 
  who are these native europeans and anatolians ? 
  and greeks went there by ships, 
  wait why he is in prison ? 
  but its a us prison . 
  what is he going to do with these leaves ? 
  turkey is like this now , literally . 
  it 's looks like a renaissance painting . 
  then you wake up in an abandoned shack with 4 people and one of them demands you to kill one . 
  who is the rightful ruler of europe ? 
  to defeat the world , you must defeat yourself . 
  holy shit waterguy12 dressed like a pizzaguy12, 
  salvation, 
  liberation, 
  one last chance, 
  for liberation ? 
  mom , im in the news !, 
  there are only 7 million people on earth smh,
