  i read delfi , but i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  sure , there are some people who find religion very important . 
  i am religious as well . 
  but i am against it some how being associated with ruling the country . 
  and i think that many lithuanians think alike . 
  i certainly have n't seen the church saying you should be put in prison for those things you mentioned . 
  they almost always say this : the church does not agree with abortion , because all life is sacred to us . 
  or something along the lines . 
  unlike some richer and more liberal european countries , lithuania does n't have a national state religion ( ex . 
  finland 's state religion is protestant , we do n't have that ) . 
  our parliament members have a choice what oath to swear ( one with mention of god , one without ) . 
  tough our presidents usually go to church during their inauguration , it is always a choice . 
  and frankly , i do n't see many people caring for other peoples religion in regard of politics . 
  even the old people do n't . 
  could you link that guy sentenced for blasphemy story ? 
  i think what you 're saying is impossible . 
  he would have surely addresed the eu court of human rights and lithuania would have lost that case for sure , if it happened as you write . 
  where did you see those posters ? 
  facebook ? 
  because that is n't a reliable news source or a place that reflects the nations opinion . 
  half a billion euros ? 
  really ? 
  well then i 'm not so less negative of this monument after all . 
  ca n't say i know much of macedonia , but it is n't the richest place from what i gather . 
  they could have spent all that money on much more important stuff . 
  your government should change or at least change their thinking a bit ... 
  sure , you could have spent the money on smarter things . 
  but you can look at it a little more positively , by thinking that macedonia will now possibly have a famous national monument , which would attract more tourists . 
  i would at least find it interesting to visit such a big statue and the whole plan does n't seem to be ugly . 
  are people very against this in your country ? 
  so have i. . . 
  i mean , it 's only my opinion that lithuanians often associate belarus with potatoes . 
  i gathered it from famous lithuanian news site . 
  like in delfi , they are sometimes referred to bulba\u0161iai or a name similar to that . 
  by commenters , of course . 
  plus they make ( used to make ? ), 
  those belarus tractors . 
  for us lithuanians - belarus is the potato land . 
  we maybe would add a joke about \u017dirga galva ... 
  i think , that the whole map would also fit for a title `` europe according to lithuanians '' , if it said center of universe on lithuania and uncultured little bros for latvia . 
  lithuanians and latvians have similar opinions about each other and shared ones about others . 
  especially estonians , it seems . 
  this is off topic , but i recently saw a sailing ship from netherlands in lithuania , that had 3 flags ( one of netherlands , one of lithuania since they were there and one like your flair ) . 
  i looked at the one that is like your flair and thought that it 's probably some sort of pirate flag play or something . 
  now i know it was the flag of amsterdam . 
  thanks for accidentally letting me know !, 
  not saying our air force is much better , but i believe the estonian jets are loaned . 
  tough i 'm not sure . 
  it 's not very smart for us to invest a lot into our air forces . 
  the land force is the main thing for both lithuania and estonia , everything else is mostly secondary . 
  well now i just feel sad . 
  it 's bad enough our ship 's are old , do we have to let captains that seem to be drunk dock them ? 
  and this was during one of the biggest or at least well known festivals of the country . 
  how did they even get themselves into this mess ? 
  i feel very bad for us now . 
  not regiments , flags . 
  a regiment is often ~ 1000 soldiers . 
  a flag is usually ~ 350 . 
  there were 3 flags from smolensk , recently occupied by lithuania in those times . 
  some historians wonder if the smolensk flags played any significant role in the battle at all , since the only person to ever write about them was jan dlugosz and he was born a few years after the battle also is often considered controversial . 
  the army of the grand duchy of lithuania had 41 flags ( tough with higher density than others , i 've heard . 
  still , lithuania had a little less soldiers in the battle than poland . 
  tough both used mercenaries and grand duke vytautas even paid for some of the mercenaries under polish banners . 
  he paid for the czech , if i 'm not wrong ) in the battle , kingdom of poland had 50 flags and the teutonic order had 51 , if i 'm not wrong . 
  i would also add that the smolensk flags likely consisted of a majority or large amount of lithuanians , since the place was only recently occupied , thus not the most loyal and castle crew were usually lithuanian , at least in newly occupied lands . 
  the commander of the 3 flags was also a lithuanian duke , naturally would have wanted loyal soldiers under his command . 
  not saying that there were no russians or ruthenians ( many nations participated . 
  tartars , czechs and hungarians ( ? ), 
  where polish or lithuanian mercenaries . 
  knights from west europe , even some mercenaries from switzerland i 've heard , on the teutonic side . ), 
  in the battle or in the flags , just saying that the smolensk flags were n't as russian as most would think and the russian statement that they won is wrong . 
  there were merely some participants in the battle who happened to be russian . 
  that does n't mean they won it . 
  you asked for feedback in you essay , so i 'll try . 
  i think it was a good read . 
  answered most of my questions and i understood more about what happened there . 
  another good thing is you were n't biased , but it would be hard to be that , since it 's clear who were the victims and who did all those terrible things . 
  thanks again . 
  seeing that you are roma yourself , i wanted to ask you : what do you prefer to be called , gypsy or roma ? 
  is gypsy maybe inappropriate or is it just another name for the same thing ? 
  yes , there are many problems with them in lithuania . 
  especially in a small community of roma in vilnius . 
  the houses there that they have are almost all built illegally , no one pays taxes there either . 
  it is probably the center hub of vilnius for all sort of drugs and attempts of bettering the situation for the people there were n't successful . 
  the roma people also lack education very much . 
  i 've even heard that many of the older people there do n't know how to read and write . 
  studying conditions for them are hard , a lot of it associated with their parents not caring so much about it usually and a lot of discrimination they face from other ethnicities . 
  from all lithuanian minorities , gypsies also have the lowest amount ( by percentage ) of people studying or having higher education . 
  the lack of education and poor living conditions are one the reasons why gypsies are so notorious for tricking and robbing people . 
  drugs ( as i mentioned before ) and prostitution are also rampant in their communities , as well as smuggling and selling fake goods ( like fake gold , silver etc. . . ) . 
  so that is why they have a negative reception from people living here . 
  of course , not all roma are bad . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of good ones . 
  but a large part of them are doing illegal activities , are anti social and so are frowned upon . 
  it 's not entirely their fault , it 's their lack of education and poor living conditions that are mostly at fault . 
  the government should do more to help them , but past attempts to help were largely rejected , as i understand , by their community . 
  p. s . there are n't many gypsies in lithuania . 
  out of our population of 2.9 million , only 0,1 percent are roma ( about 3000 ) . 
  but they are know anyway . 
  i hope i did n't offend you , it 's just how the poor situation is .
