  makes such comments as `` lithuania ca n't solve one problem in 20 years of independence '' when our prime minister said that he wants to meet the polish prime minister ( the meeting was actually arranged by poland , but then they canceled for some reason ) ; always says that lithuania is oppressing poles in lithuania and they totally do n't do the same for lithuanians in poland . 
  he also likes to say how `` evil lithuania '' is in the european parliament . 
  thanks for the fighters , but if it 's such a big problem for you to send them here , then do n't . 
  the baltic air policing is a volunteer mission for nato countries capable of protecting the sky . 
  who needs to help allies anyways , right ? 
  there is no forced lithuanization here . 
  lithuania has the most polish schools out of all the countries in the world were polish emigrants live . 
  poles even had easier lithuanian language exams . 
  most lithuanians are outraged about poles in lithuania , because a lot of them in 20 years of independence have n't yet learned to speak basic lithuanian . 
  they also ask for unreasonable things like to write their names in passports in polish language . 
  lithuania said no because those are lithuanian passports and for a lithuanian to correctly read what is written there would be the same as reading arabic letters or [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5vec6psvwo ) . 
  lithuanians keep telling poles no , you ca n't write that in the front page , but if you really want to , you can write in the second page of passport whatever you like . 
  lithuania also follows a simple lithuanian constitutional law that says this : the language of the state - lithuanian language . 
  a lot of historians even argue if polish people in lithuania are really polish or are they polonized lithuanians or ruthenians as people there speak a special kind of dialect of polish called poprostu . 
  i see no need for street signs to be polish . 
  poland is n't that great with lithuanians either . 
  in poland , polish government closes lithuanian schools , not so long ago closed possibly the only newspaper which wrote news in lithuanian there . 
  so you can talk all about how poles are oppressed in lithuania , but they are not . 
  it 's not even their ethnic land here , and poland has lithuanian ethnic lands . 
  try asking the government of uk to let you write street names in polish . 
  i 'm sure you will get the same answer as lithuania tells you - no . 
  not really . 
  most people only dislike poles in lithuania . 
  mostly because of a political party called electoral action of poles in lithuania and their leader valdemar tomasevski . 
  most lithuanians view poles in poland as either neutral or kinda friendly . 
  but not polish leaders . 
  the last polish politician of poland that lithuanians liked was probably lech kacynski . 
  also , i might add that poland is important for lithuania , because it 's the only access for us to the european union ( of course , we have ports but i mean land access ) , as well as a partner in nato and eu , tough people tend to forget that . 
  both sides have reasons for it , i guess ... 
  i would argue about the statement of poland being more populous or rich at least in xv century . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_duchy_of_lithuania#demographics ) , 0,5 mln people of combined polish-lithuanian land were lithuanian , 3,25 mln were polish and 3,75 mln of people were ruthenians and most of ruthenians ( if not all ) lived in grand duchy of lithuania . 
  so that would mean , that the grand duchy had around 4 mln inhabitants and the kingdom had around 3,5 mln inhabitants . 
  i think it would be only accurate to say that kingdom of poland had more people per square kilos than the grand duchy of lithuania . 
  and for the rich part , if lithuania had more people , means lithuania got more tax money than poland , yes ? 
  poland was closer to western europe than lithuania , but in those times , the duchy could trade both with west europe ( as being christian ) and east europe ( historic trading partners ) and poland did not have this ability as developed as lithuania did ( i mean trading with both east and west ) . 
  what do you think ? 
  yes , you 're right . 
  the whole governate is 41 900 km ^ 2 ( including the now belarussian part ) in size . 
  that 's like 60 % of today 's lithuania . 
  history is very complicated in those times . 
  with world war 1 a lot changed in lithuania , diffrent countries occupying the land , changing administrative territories . 
  it 's probably impossible to tell which one ( if either one ) is lying about demographics , but all i could is that it 's impossible that lithuania - from klaipeda to vilnius - could have been 58 % polish . 
  at best it would be 20 percent . 
  i think the census of 1916 was referring to vilnius region , stating it is 58 % polish . 
  i can agree with that . 
  i can also agree that vilnius ( city ) was , in those times , mainly polish or jewish . 
  as i said before , lithuanian 's did n't live too often in cities . 
  i ca n't agree about the whole governate being more polish than lithuanian . 
  that is my point . 
  i 'm talking about a census that is 20 year older than the german one . 
  poland had it 's first census in 1921 and lithuania in 1923 . 
  i 'm not saying vilnius was n't dominated by polish in those times . 
  i 'm saying that in 1897 it was dominated by jews , as time went it was more and more dominated by polish . 
  lithuanian 's naturaly did n't live in big cities . 
  they lived around vilnius , in villages . 
  they were more of a agricultural people . 
  but does it make sense to say for example in an area of 2 mln people filled with ethnicity a , the center of the area , a tiny dot is filled with ethnicity b , so we say that the whole area is dominated by ethnicity b ? 
  i have looked into the 1916 census . 
  i do n't know were you read it , but it does n't say anywhere that lithuania was 56 % polish . 
  their census is talking about a whole diffrent area called ober ost ( consisting of courland , lithuania proper and grodno governate ) . 
  polish people were n't dominant there either . 
  look , all i 'm trying to say is this : the city of vilnius did n't have more than 5 % of lithuanian 's in there during the end of 19th century and start of 20th century . 
  but the whole vilnius governate , spanning from trakai to lida and further , had more lithuanian 's living there than polish at the time period we are talking about . 
  please tell me what fact or information do you have to present me proof of this thing you just wrote . 
  there is only one rather reliable source of info and that is the russian empire population census of 1897 . 
  i highly doubt you lived at that time to say otherwise , or have you ? 
  what reason would they have to lie about a census to their own officials ? 
  i understand it 's an empire , but that 's why they sent colonists and soldiers to other lands not lie about that or that person is russian or polish or lithuanian . 
  if anything they should have lovered the amount of lithuanians , understanding that we are a smaller nation than the polish , thus seems easy to destroy . 
  but i do n't know or think they did that to either lithuanians or the polish . 
  it 's not bullshit but easy to explain . 
  firstly , there was no official census 13 years after 1897 . 
  those numbers are probably estimates . 
  secondly , clasiffication of ethnicities changes over time , especially in the start of the 20 century as a lot of people were yet still deciding to what ethnic group they belong to . 
  and thirdly , you were talking about the city of vilnius and i explained to you i 'm not talking about vilnius but the territories around it . 
  p.s city of vilnius ( 1897 ) : people claiming to be polish - 47,795 ( 30.1 % ) . 
  people claiming to be jews - 61,847 ( 40 % ) . 
  so jews were the largest ethnic group in vilnius . 
  oh yeah , well i did n't even notice i wrote mostly about the 19th century rather than later times . 
  i just found and article about 1897 census . 
  it says literacy rates in diffrent territories very diffrently , but literacy in that year was around 50 % of the population . 
  probably even less . 
  if i remember from school correctly ( talking about book smuggling ) , people who lived in eastern lt studyed in polish because it used the latin ( same as lithuanian language ) alphabet , were as russian language uses cyrillic script . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't really understand the question you were asking at first  . 
  i could give a few reasons for seemingly low number of lithuanians in the 19th century , but not so much in later times . 
  i ca n't answer your question correctly :(, 
  i 'm sorry , you appear to not be able to read very well . 
  i wrote :  polish people almost only lived in the city of vilnius , but not the territories around it  if you do not understand yet , then i will explain what i wrote : vilnius ( the city ) , year 1897 was full of polish , no where did i say that it was not . 
  however the territories around vilnius were not as populated by polish . 
  now please read [ this articles part ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vilna_governorate ) about the ethnic composition of the governate ( not the city ) and look to what date am i referring to . 
  p.s in the year 1897 , jews were the largest ethnic group in vilnius , not polish . 
  the first map ( poland 1931 ) is complete nonsense , at least in the republic of lithuania territory . 
  i 'm not sure what is this map trying to show , but kaunas never had so many poles ever . 
  neither would such a big area around vilnius , except for vilnius it self . 
  to answer where did all those lithuanians go , i would say nowhere . 
  in 1860 's , the russian empire decided to completely ban lithuanian literature in the whole empire ( as far as i know it was only done to lithuanians ) for a long time . 
  the western part of the country ( closer to lithuania minor where lithuanian literature was ok ) started smuggling books written in lithuanian . 
  the eastern part of the country , further away from places where lithuanian literature was legal , did n't get so many smuggled books as the further you went to the country the bigger the risk to get caught . 
  so people living in eastern and southern regions started reading and learning from the next best thing - polish and belarusian languages . 
  over the years and people growing up they just forgot who they are and more and more called themselves other ethnicities .
