  if you look at the numbers russia provides right now , we already do have a security threat that only keeps expanding it 's forces . 
  and you would want to even lower the amount of troops the eu has , even tough it does n't have enough . 
  are you going to say we can rely on the us ? 
  so how long will they take our duties to defend our selves properly ? 
  do they not need to spend money on healthcare , science and everything else ? 
  we ca n't rely 100 % on others to do our own job . 
  russia can maintain a large force , equal to that of an eu army , because it has a lot left from the ussr that it can use . 
  it uses a conscript military and that makes it cheaper for them . 
  they do n't use so much money on improving soldier living conditions like the eu does . 
  that is why poorer countries can spend less and have a threatening military , even when you look at the stats and think , oh i 'm spending 20 % or 50 % ( with the us ) of worldwide military budget , they just do n't have to spend so much , because they can cut huge costs in areas we could never . 
  the eu has a population of 500 mln . 
  people and you want it to have less soldiers than the us with 330 mln . 
  people . 
  currently , the us has 1,28 million active soldiers . 
  about 300k are deployed outside the us . 
  that leaves the us with 1 mln . 
  soldiers left for their ` local ' job . 
  every country in the european union army would want some amount of soldiers deployed on their territory . 
  and if many european armies are complaining even now , that they lack soldiers , how would that change with an eu army ? 
  they would want an increase in soldiers one way or the other . 
  okay , let 's not increase soldiers , maintain the same amount we have now , when many armies lack soldiers . 
  you still have 1,8 million soldiers . 
  okay , for arguments sake , make it 2/3rds of 1,8 million . 
  you still have 1,2 mln . 
  soldiers . 
  6x the size of the german force now . 
  about salaries , it 's because of very different economy in every eu member . 
  we ca n't decide we will pay 1000 euros for every private in an eu army , because that would be lower than the minimum salary in many countries of europe ( but also a lot for a private from poorer eu countries , like poland , lithuania , romania , latvia etc. ) . 
  if every eu soldier would get the same amount of money , it would distort the work force and either pay way too much or way too little . 
  luxembourg has a minimum wage of 2000 euros . 
  imagine we pay that for every eu soldier . 
  that would make an eu soldier get more than 2x the average wage in lithuania and close to what our members of parliament get - 2500 euros . 
  i think you can see why that is unfair . 
  japan does not have anything that would be a real aircraft carrier . 
  they have helicopter carriers . 
  they are different things . 
  a japanese izumo class helicopter carrier costs about 1,1 billion usd . 
  a british queen elizabeth class aircraft carrier costs 3,1 billion pounds ( 4 bln . 
  usd ) . 
  the italian aircraft carrier cavour ( tough very small and more of an helicopter carrier ) costed 1,4 bln . 
  usd ) . 
  us nimitz class aircraft carriers cost around 4,5 bln . 
  usd and the new gerald ford class aircraft carriers cost around 10 bln . 
  usd . 
  as you can see , the prices differ quite a lot and the eu would need capable aircraft carriers , like the british ones , but not as expensive and large as the us aircraft carriers . 
  about afghanistan , here is one article that talks about german forces lacking both equipment and training - http://www.thedailybeast.com/german-soldiers-in-afghanistan-cant-shoot  the secret reports bemoan german soldiers ' outdated training and antiquated , insufficient equipment . 
  german forces could not operate if it were n't for ukrainian cargo planes and american helicopters and their u.s. army crews , most crucially the chinook troop transports and black hawk medevac helicopters that ensure bundeswehr soldiers can get into and out of their battles quickly and safely . 
  article about afghanistan and european military capability overall - http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1889460,00.html  obama may be personally popular among europeans , but that does not mean that he , and his administration , will always get what they want . 
  military analysts say that the vast majority of europe 's soldiers who are not yet in afghanistan are not capable of fighting alongside the u.s. , in part because they lack the training and equipment vital to fighting in afghanistan 's tough terrain . 
  former nato secretary general george robertson wrote in friday 's financial times that europe 's militaries were '' ** pathetically ill-equipped for the world we foresee ** , '' and that the continent 's `` usable deployable troops amount to just 2 % of the 2.5 million who are in uniform '' a figure which abuthnot says is `` generous . '', 
  another article about german forces in afghanistan and overall . 
  http://carnegieeurope.eu/strategiceurope/?fa=56819  there have been shifts in the allocation of the defense budget . 
  soldiers deployed in afghanistan had complained about poor equipment and protection . 
  by the way , this article about german forces in afghanistan also talks about what i said , that europeans spend a lot on their personnel and need money for equipment ( usa and uk spend more than 2 % of gdp on military ) :  if money is not the real problem , then priorities are . 
  half of the german defense budget goes to personnel costs , compared with 35.0 percent in the uk and 36.5 percent in the united states . 
  article about british troops lacking equipment - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/7371543/army-denied-vital-equipment-in-iraq-and-afghanistan-claims-former-sas-head.html  in a withering assessment of the `` doomed '' state of the military , the recently retired lt gen sir graeme lamb said that the sas had been denied even vietnam-era equipment that could have saved lives . 
  so , we see news articles talking about how soldiers lack equipment , both peacetime and when deployed , and you still say that nato is incorrect about the 2 % . 
  if they would lie , they would have kept the cold war minimum of 3 % , they did not . 
  i can not understand how you have such little trust in this organization and just throw out opinions of those people , who understand what they are talking about like it 's nothing . 
  somehow the usa was able to invest in it 's military during the whole cold war and still be the top country in the world , so did the europeans . 
  israel spends more than 5 % gdp on their military , they live in a warzone basically and still their people live well , they invent new technologies , not just military , but for many purposes . 
  south korea lives near the threat of north korea . 
  they spend 2 % and more on their military . 
  they somehow have good living conditions and are known for reliable and world wide famous technology companies . 
  in the cold war and also now , the investments from the military and their requirements were one of the main driving forces in inventing new technologies , not to mention the huge cooperation the military has and had with nasa and space exploration , giving a lot of money in their developments . 
  seems like you have a view of any military being an evil force , that can do no good ever in peacetime . 
  but they do . 
  they form relationships during peacetime and invest in them and those investments give beneficial advancements for both the military and civilians . 
  the us military was one of the main driving forces for the invention of the internet , the very platform we are arguing on . 
  it 's spending is justified , because it does a lot of good , whether you like it or not . 
  this argument we have is becoming pointless and i would wish this is the last reply i am typing . 
  part 2 : now i do n't know about you , but these do not seem like impossible , breath taking numbers that we can not afford and would be overkill . 
  less than 10 % of central budget . 
  that is what 2 % of gdp is asking . 
  that is what 2 % gdp financing for an eu army would look like . 
  this is not `` our whole damn money '' . 
  this is 2 % of gdp , less than ~ 8-9 % of central government budget , ~ 3 % of whole government budget in these example countries . 
  it 's good that you think that people who underestimated russia were idiots . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  sadly , it was most of the western world . 
  famous g. w. bush qoute about putin says it all `` i looked the man in the eye . 
  i found him very straightforward and trustworthy -- i was able to get a sense of his soul . '', 
  again , it might not be a major threat to you . 
  it is a major threat in baltic countries . 
  everyday we get information attacks from russia , everyday they try to influence everything they can in the region . 
  we do not know , what russia is thinking of doing . 
  i sure hope they understand it 's not wise to attack nato members . 
  in fact , most likely scenario of attack would be if they quickly invaded baltic countries and then threaten nukes for any nato efforts to help the baltics . 
  that and many other things makes russia a threat to our region . 
  my country of lithuania has to re-finance it 's military . 
  and let me tell you , it is difficult . 
  we spent a terribly low amount of money on it until 2014 when we started to increase it 's budget . 
  and our military still lacks not only full combat capability in all it 's units , but also lacks filling up units ( nato standard is 80 % of unit needs to be with filled ranks in peacetime . 
  that is if you have a battalion of 800 , you need at least 640 soldiers in it ) . 
  before 2014 , unit completion was average of 35 % . 
  i ca n't remember the exact percentage , but even after 3 years and the reintroducing of conscription , units are only average 60-70 % filled up . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the huge gap my countries military has in air defence , manuevering capabilities , the amount of artillery and coastal defence systems . 
  we still lack in anti tank weaponry , lacking equipment for all our troops . 
  we ca n't even talk about getting tanks at the moment , with the earliest date set 2030 for such purposes by a recent report from the military . 
  our military lacks in helicopters , weaponry on ships and many other essential capabilities .
