  here is a comparison of gdp per capita ( according to wikipedia , all in us dollars ) : latvia gdp 24 619 $ ( ppp ) and 13 729 $ ( nominal ) russia gdp 23 744 $ ( ppp ) and 8058 $ ( nominal ) kazakhstan gdp 24 143 $ ( ppp ) and 12 950 $ ( nominal ) personally , i find the nominal gdp to be the more accurate one when comparing living standards ( there are exceptions , of course ) . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  did you add the commonwealth wars to the lithuanian war count or kept them separate ? 
  because the army of the grand duchy of lithuania and kingdom of poland was separate , even when both countries formed the commonwealth . 
  if you gathered information from this - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muscovite\u2013lithuanian_wars , it 's wrong , because it does n't include wars from commonwealth times , where the grand duchy of lithuania participated in wars . 
  from your list , those would be - time of troubles , smolensk war , bar confederation , polish - russian war , kosciusko uprising , november uprising , january uprising . 
  also i would add to the list the lithuanian - soviet war of 1918-1920 and the lithuanian partizan war ( since you counted uprisings ) of 1944 - 1953 . 
  also there was the deluge , where both poland and lithuania fought against russia . 
  i 'm not sure about the war of polish succesion . 
  counting all the wars lithuania has fought against russia/muscovy/soviet union it would be ~ 16 wars . 
  that means , lithuania is russias most commonly fought against enemy . 
  the mowag piranha was said to be delivered earliest 2019 , not patria , as far as i know . 
  tough they did say that patria was the cheapest and also technologically weakest . 
  of course the irish situation is different , i only expressed some similarities . 
  in a way , lithuanians ( and poles i guess ) also did n't rusify much during the russian empire occupation , because of being catholic , not orthodox . 
  there were people who still chose to be lithuanians in that situation , but yes . 
  most people , especially nobility , chose to be polish in that situation . 
  but i do n't think that the radvila ( or radziwil ) family is the best example in this situation . 
  they were and are a huge family , very different and even tough some of them call themselves polish , there are radvila in lithuania , who still say they are lithuanian . 
  also , i remember that in school , we were often taught , that ~ 1/3 of lithuanian nobles stayed lithuanian , while ~ 2/3 chose polish as their nationality . 
  you know , in lithuania there was a similar problem long ago . 
  the nobility of lithuania did n't want to speak lithuanian language and thought it to be peasantish . 
  mostly the common folk saved the language and , weirdly enough , a land near lithuania , which belonged to germany at the time , but was majority lithuanian ( they were lutherans , while most of lithuanians were catholic ) until later ages . 
  so anyway , there was a catholic priest in the part of lithuania , where the nobles disregarded the language - the grand duchy of lithuania ( ironic , of course ) . 
  he translated a lot of important christian works to lithuanian , urged others to translate all literature , not only religious books . 
  one time , he wrote an extra page before a prayer book translation to the nobles of lithuania , shaming them for loosing their heritage and abandoning their language in favor of polish ( in a form of mocking and also that the nobles would understand , he wrote that separate page in polish ) . 
  he also talked there about the 3 main nationality identifiers : 1 ) having your own land/country . 
  2 ) having your own culture and traditions . 
  3 ) most important , according to him , to have your own language . 
  he wrote this at the end of the 16 century , but it kind of reminds me about your irish language situation now . 
  ok , so judging by what works worldwide , you would probably guess that conservative parties would be against inviting refugees in europe and handle the situation more v. orban style . 
  but a. merkel is from a conservative party and she invited refugees quite openly , what would be more a leftist move . 
  lithuanian conservative party ( homeland union ) also says that they support merkel and her strategy on dealing with that crisis when , looking at their ideology , they probably would n't . 
  you can fix broken leadership , but you ca n't fix broken ideology . 
  exactly , you ca n't fix broken ideology . 
  so let 's say another country , about who 's politics you do n't know much or at all , has a party that says it is socialist . 
  and you support it , because your views ( leftist ) match . 
  but what you do n't know is that this party , while claiming to be socialist , is actually completely conservative . 
  how can you support something you do n't know anything about then ? 
  would you support the workers ' party of korea just because it considers it self left wing ? 
  i think it 's not very wise supporting things , only by reading their headline and declaring opinions about things you really do n't know nothing about . 
  it would be pretty unfair , judging these parties just by looking at their names and official ideology , do n't you think ? 
  lithuanian parties like to do stuff that are completely against what they say they are for . 
  often . 
  and a party may be , let 's say officially social democratic , but also populistic and have crooked or bad politicians running the party . 
  so you ca n't judge these parties while , i 'm guessing from your flair , not knowing anything they do here in lithuania , can you ? 
  so you see , there are some people who would probably say russia is friendly to lithuania , like you uncle for example . 
  no offence . 
  there is a small russian minority living in lithuania . 
  of course , you , me and most people would n't see russia as friendly to lithuania . 
  but the russian minority might think `` russia is always trying to help lithuania , is so friendly , but these lithuanians always decline their friendliness '' . 
  there are also some public figures ( not very famous among lithuanian media , sometimes leaders of russian or polish minorities ) , who constantly urge lithuania to abandon ties with eu , nato , usa etc. . . and join up with russia , belarus , kazakhstan and friends in the commonwealth of independent states and other soviet union/russia based unions and treaties . 
  i am for conscription my self . 
  a lot of countries have it : estonia has it , finland has it etc. . . 
  i guess it depends on your views too , whether you think the world is your home or your country is your home . 
  i am a patriot so i am more for conscription , but i can understand why some people would think it is unnecessary . 
  tough do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying you ca n't be patriotic and against conscription . 
  well , considering if russia would invade lithuania or another nato member right now , what else besides total war could we expect ? 
  it 's up to us , if we are invaded , to hold of for a time or at least give them a good kick and continue fighting while occupied . 
  conscripts seem to be useful at that , because you can have 20k highly trained troops or you can have 200k trained troops against your enemy . 
  lithuania will try to maintain both , if we continue and expand conscription . 
  also , looking at the context of my post before , it does n't show a countries willingness to fight for itself when , in face of aggression , you stop conscription . 
  so i 'm just saying it was a bit stupid to stop conscription at the time , while also saying that we need to defend ourselves . 
  personally , i think it 's stupid we did n't reach the agreed upon percentage years ago . 
  lithuania always stressed , how we need protection and russia is an aggressive neighbour . 
  we were hypocrites , asking for defence while , at the same time , not preparing it our selves . 
  plenty of risky things happened in the past 20 years ( before the ukrainian events ) , warning even . 
  georgian situation was the clearest one and what did we do after literally a war happened there ? 
  we continued lowering our defence budget , discontinued conscription and did n't prepare at all . 
  it is all regretful . 
  i hope that our government will stick to what they say , once they reach the target - 2 % always , until we will be in a safe enough situation like , let 's say ireland . 
  but i guess they are n't known to keep their promises that are really needed for our people and country ... that 's just my opinion and rant . 
  the ambassador meant international operations , crime fighting in which lithuania , according to our capability , participated in . 
  not a small part of our defence budget money was spent on international operations like the one in afghanistan , rather than upgrading and maintaining our armed forces . 
  and we are reaching our goal , as i 'm sure you 've heard , of spending 2 % from gdp to the military . 
  next year , the armed forces budget will increase another 35 % and be 1,48 % of gdp . 
  2-3 years and it will be the long needed 2 % . 
  i think you 're wrong , because the electoral college is an outdated system , that may have been very good and efficient when it came in to being 200 years ago , considering almost any democracy was good then compared to the alternatives , because there were n't many of them at all at the moment . 
  also , the us is n't the eu and the president is elected by everyone as a representative of the us , not of a state . 
  yeah , it 's ok for america to have a certain disproportion at a lower or higher level of their parliament in order to represent all states , including giving a voice to the smaller ones . 
  but it 's wrong to do it for a person who needs to represent the country not a state . 
  i think it gives a sense of disunity and mistrust to american voters and that could be seen from their voter turnout or polls which show a large amount of people fearing other party voters . 
  that 's right , fearing . 
  about half of democrats fear republicans and about half of republicans fear democrats . 
  stephen colbert noted that in one of his show through this [ poll ] ( http://www.people-press.org/2016/06/22/partisanship-and-political-animosity-in-2016/ ) a good video that would also show how the electoral college is bad is this one - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wc42hgla4k anyway , that 's just my opinion . 
  i do n't think it 's the party or politician fault for this , but it 's the election systems fault . 
  and sadly , nobody wants to change it when it 's hard or at least a bit useful for one or the other side . 
  seem especially good for republicans , since they 've won it this time thanks to the system and also in 2000 , when bush the younger won when al gore had more votes . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  we do not use that system , but it is similar to the one we do use . 
  that 's why i said mostly shows . 
  i also wanted to add kinda , but thought it will be too much :d, 
  we do rank the candidates . 
  but it would be easier to explain fully : lithuania has 141 parliament members . 
  70 are elected through proportional voting ( you vote for a party and it 's candidate list . 
  you can rank up to 5 candidates and move them up the list also . 
  there is a 5 % barrier to get any seats in the parliament for parties and 7 % barrier for coalitions ) . 
  the rest are elected through single seat constituencies ( basically , like a mayor ) . 
  a person can decide to candidate himself for a parliament seat there ( independent of a party ) , but you need to gather 1000 signatures for that or a party can nominate you for that constituency . 
  so in a constituency , a person has to get at least 50 % of the vote to be elected to the parliament .
