  it is a complete lie , saying they did n't start the war . 
  ever heard of the molotov - ribentrop pact ? 
  of the soviet invasion of poland ? 
  winter war with finland ? 
  occupation of the baltic states ? 
  then do n't spread your own lies and propaganda . 
  those 2 were both nothing more but evil , imperialistic dictatorships . 
  how blind can someone be to try to defend any of those 2 countries ? 
  france , great britain and other countries i can understand going there . 
  they were n't occupied by the soviet union afterwards . 
  but lithuania was . 
  so there is no reason for us to go there . 
  it was a victory for the western countries and some other ones . 
  but as i said before , it was n't for countries like lithuania , latvia and estonia ( not that i 'm saying nazi germany was good or anything . 
  ussr and germany were both evil at those times and so ww2 is neither a win , nor a defeat for us . 
  it 's just an event , that caused a lot of death and harm and a occupation , which we will not and should not ever glorify in no parade at moscow or any other place . ) . 
  it depends on the social situation of the country and the presidents/other leaders position as well . 
  our president is a strong willed woman , in my opinion . 
  she usually has a very strong standing on many issues , so it would be very unlikely ( and unfitting ) of her participating in events and commemorations such as these . 
  well , at least for us lithuanians , it 's because of the occupation following the victory of the soviet union , the many deportations and deaths of lithuanians during those occupations and because russia and germany both started the war quite friendly and lithuania has protested it many times . 
  the most notable protest would be the baltic chain in 1989 . 
  lithuania lost a lot of people in the war , both to the russians and to the germans . 
  a lot of lithuanians tried to form a separate lithuanian army , while still under german occupation , so that when the germans are defeated , lithuanians can continue fighting the russians . 
  no side was good for us , no victory for us there either . 
  and now we have the events in ukraine to add to the pile of reasons for not going there . 
  it 's hard to comprehend muslims for me . 
  it seems like a lot of them need help , they do n't have a very good life in their countries of origin and i thought that they would ask for the right to decide what they want to do . 
  yet there are these people who want to have their opinion heard : we do n't want our opinion to be heard . 
  it 's too hard to understand . 
  they 're complaining about discrimination against muslims , but how would they fight it if they do n't ? 
  then why do they complain if they say allah decides everything ? 
  why would they even care about other peoples opinions and try to sway them ? 
  i 'm a religious man ( not a muslim , of course ) , but i do n't think any god would care about things like these when there are a lot larger issues in the world than this non issue and how can they even decide what god wants ? 
  they came to britain to live and if they want to live there , they have to be british citizens . 
  no , you do n't have to be christian or atheist , you do n't have to start eating only british food . 
  but you have to adjust to british life and culture , while keeping your traditions . 
  and if you want something changed , do it like everyone , not with some useless campaign about nothing . 
  of course they can . 
  and they will . 
  but i think it will take them a long time to reach at least lithuanian standard of living . 
  you can just look at their gdp per capita . 
  those numbers are n't good for a european country . 
  ukraine gdp ( ppp ) per capita is 8000 us dollars , while for example lithuania is 28 000 us dollars and france with 40 000 us dollars . 
  very sad what 's happening to ukraine and what has been happening over all the years . 
  i think it 's more of a sad year for ukraine , if not decade . 
  that may be and some day , lithuania will be as good economically and socially for all people to live in as in more western countries . 
  we 're getting there . 
  but i do n't it think that will happen in just 15 years . 
  20 at least , as i said before . 
  i might be wrong , i should hope so :d, 
  it seems surprising to me , that in 2030 , lithuania should have a higher hdi than sweden . 
  i would have guessed , that lithuania would maybe level out with sweden in like 20 - 40 years in most aspects , not overcome it in 15 years . 
  tough i 'm usually an optimist , i do n't believe this graph . 
  in 1917 , one year before lithuania declared independence , a huge discussion erupted over what our national flag should be . 
  one of the leaders of the independence movement , jonas basanavi\u010dius suggested the flag of the grand duchy of lithuania to be our flag , but a lot of people disagreed , thinking it would be to hard to make ( at least in those times maybe ) , i 've even heard some people later feared it would be associated with communism because of the redness . 
  also , they thought that the flag of the grand duchy of lithuania does n't fit to be the flag of the lithuanian nation . 
  so a lithuanian artist presented his design . 
  he took the colors that are most used in national dresses and in the lithuanian conference in vilnius presented a red and green flag . 
  the people there liked the idea , but thought it was too bleak . 
  so they made a council , compromising of jonas basanivi\u010dius , antanas \u017dmuidzinavi\u010dius ( the artist ) and tadas daugirdas ( an archeologist ) , who all decided to add the color yellow to the flag , making it yellow , green and red all in equal amount . 
  i personally liked the jonas basanavi\u010dius idea of using the grand duchy of lithuania flag once again . 
  they could have just added green and yellow to it somehow , or leave it as it is . 
  because russia is also so poor , they are not even part of the oecd ? 
  furthermore , latvia has started negotiations for joining oecd , whilst negotiations with russia have been stopped ... you can keep believing whatever you want , but that does n't make it true . 
   lol you will never catch us we will growth next year  there is nothing to catch up to . 
  as i said before , you rely heavily on petroleum and gas . 
  that is evident from the current recession russia is in right now . 
  once the petrol prices change , russian economy starts collapsing and that makes it very unstable . 
  and that 's good , i hope you do grow next year and all the years afterwards . 
  i do not want russians , latvians , lithuanians or any kind of people to be always poor . 
  what i would want is for your government to change , but that is a discussion for a different topic . 
   http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=bli you are lying . 
  you said that the russian ocde rating for better life index on average net income is higher than latvias and the second highest in eastern/central europe . 
  the link you sent me does n't even have latvia in it . 
  how can you claim that you are better than latvia when there is no proof ? 
   yes russian earn more than latvian no , they do not . 
  as i said , latvian average wage is ( after taxes ) 664 euros . 
  the russian one is 325 euros . 
  if you do no see a difference between 664 and 325 euros , than i see no point in further discussions . 
  also , russian income inequality ( gini ) is 5 point higher than the latvian one : latvia has a score of 35.2 , while russia has a score of 40.1 . 
  latvians live better than russians and that is it . 
  russian economy largely relies on 2 things : natural gas and petroleum . 
  petroleum prices currently are not sufficient for russia , there are also many economic sanctions directed at you . 
  for the time being , russia is in recession . 
  inflation is large and your gdp is falling , while latvian gdp is increasing . 
  currently , russians already being poorer than latvians are only becoming more poor . 
  and no nonsense link or your facts , taken from nowhere will convince me otherwise . 
  i am not interested in a further discussion , good bye . 
  as i said , that is only my opinion about the ppp thing and nominal . 
  i am basing this on an example of my country ( lithuania ) , which has ppp gdp of 29 000 $ and so that means we are richer than greece ( 26 000 $ ) , portugal ( 28 500 $ ) and we only live ~ 2x worse than switzerland ( 58 731 $ ) , saudi arabia lives ~ 2x better than us and is one of the top in the world ( 53 149 $ ) . 
  i think these number give a very flawed situation of the well being of a states people . 
  i very much refuse to believe that our people live better than the portuguese or the greek . 
  that is why i do not think the gdp by ppp is a good measurement tool in most cases . 
  edit : could you link that ocde better life index that shows latvia has a lower income than russia ? 
  because all i see is that latvia has a almost 5x larger minimum wage and a 2x larger average wage . 
  even when thinking that latvia has higher prices than russia , it would be still be impossible to say , that russian earn more than latvians . 
  here is a comparison between riga and moscow food and other stuff prices - http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=latvia&amp;city1=riga&amp;country2=russia&amp;city2=moscow it seems that most things cost more in moscow than in riga . 
  edit 2 : deleted a comment which was actually the edit above . 
  actually no , latvia has a larger gdp ( both nominal and ppp per capita ) than kazakhstan or russia . 
  surprisingly to me , kazakhstan has a larger gdp per capita than russia as well .
