  i do n't know how latvia is doing with belarus , but lithuania has some tensions with them , i would n't call them supportive of us . 
  probably the only good part of our relationship with them is trade , since belarus does n't have access to the sea , they get a lot of goods through our ports , as well as russian ports . 
  the map says prior to the crimean crisis , when nato did n't have a lot of their personnel stationed in poland or anywhere else . 
  now , poland , lithuania , latvia and estonia all have a lot more other nato country soldiers , because after the crimean events and war in donbass , they asked for it . 
  before that ( before 2014 ) it had what the map shows , which is what it exactly says it shows . 
  i never claimed talking about the west , just the us and eu , but you are right , that i should have added norway , canada and turkey to the number , i do n't agree about any other countries added , since those others are not nato members and so are n't military allies of many european nations . 
  the us is the one that bloats the military budget of the world and i do not claim anywhere that they spend a sane amount on money their military . 
  they do not , they spend too much . 
  but while they spend too much , we spend too little . 
  btw , the link you sent about the us army talks only about one branch of it - land force . 
  i am talking about all the branches of us military - navy , air force and army . 
  do n't lie , i do not think the eu would have to be a global patrol like the us . 
  you talked about european union countries lacking power projection , because their militaries are small . 
  i said ok , aircraft carriers and nuclear weapons are the main tools of power projection . 
  you imagine i think because of these things , that the eu would become world police . 
  i never stated that anywhere . 
  i said the eu would require a lot of soldiers and means of power projection , which include aircraft carriers and nukes and these things costs a lot of money . 
  i already gave you enough examples about how 2 % is necessary , that is true . 
  if you can not understand how a larger force with larger issues would need a large amount of money , that is your problem , not mine . 
  so far i do not see your justification of why an eu army would not need 2 % of gdp spent on it , other than you can spend that money elsewhere . 
  great , you can spend all the money elsewhere , but if you want to have an incapable military , you sure can spend the money it needs elsewhere . 
  i do not know where you come from or if you read the news , but as i said , the main threat that would already demand 2 % spending is russia . 
  i 'm sure other european countries , especially those that actively want to deal with terrorist threats by intervention , would also want 2 % military spending . 
  you said you think people who thought they can cooperate with russia in building democracy were idiots . 
  you do n't seem to extend that much further , it seems . 
  the new idiots now are those , who think russia is n't a threat . 
  attacking ukraine , georgia , intervention in syria , in us and many other european elections , closer ties with turkey , having the largest nuclear arsenal in the world all show it is a threat . 
  and i do n't really care anymore , whether or not you think otherwise . 
  if you do , good , if you do n't , read some news . 
  we need to be able to stand alone against them , you ca n't rely on others for defence all the time . 
  less than 2 % spending is relying completely on others for defence . 
  france does not spend more than 2 % of gdp on their forces , that is a number they came up with , because they add extra expenses that really do n't have much to do with their military to their defence expenditure data . 
  lithuania did the same before joining nato to look better on the financing area , adding certain police and border units to our defence budget . 
  every year nato check each countries defence expenditures and calculates how much they really spend . 
  there are only 5 nato members now , who spend 2 % or more on their military . 
  those are usa , greece , uk , estonia and poland . 
  you can see that here ( the link has a pdf file ) - http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/news_132934.htm right , dumb argument . 
  great , i will just go dig through the gold mine of arguments you made , that i already disproved and you provided no sources or basis for them . 
  like the one about german army being capably equipped , european forces in afghanistan being well equipped . 
  i can not even begin explaining how stupid it would be for any european country to give up it 's military and then not even ask for any to be deployed on their land . 
  militaries try to maintain their presence through their whole countries , because it takes time to deploy to other areas and what , you 're claiming they would not demand to have some units deployed on their territory ? 
  that is stupid . 
  we have huge logistical and time issues to deploy personnel and their equipment for nato forward presence battalions in lithuania , latvia , estonia and poland . 
  it takes a lot of preparation and time and what you are saying is that we would maintain no presence and then jump tons of soldiers to some unguarded location in what , a few days ? 
  it would take between 2 ( for only some units ) days and a week for nato fast response units ( here is a link http://www.shape.nato.int/nato-response-force--very-high-readiness-joint-task-force ) to arrive in case of conflict and they are light and always ready for combat , you ca n't even begin to imagine how long it takes to deploy non fast readiness forces . 
  lithuania also has their own fast response units - units , that would react first in case of an attack . 
  and their response time is between 2 and 24 hours . 
  it 's our own country and it still takes a while to respond !, 
  that 's why you need soldiers spread through the land , so that those regions would have units in place . 
  most soldiers are young boys and men , if you have n't noticed . 
  show me a military that asks for old people to join up , every military targets young , fresh out of school men and women . 
  and the us military soldiers are very capable , not only for their equipment , but for all the combat veterans that train their new soldiers . 
  real veterans , that have fought in wars pass enormous experience and not many countries in the world can say they have such a large amount of experienced soldiers like the us . 
  nowhere in your posts have you ever showed me an justification of why we should not spend 2 % . 
  you did n't give a number of what we should spend , you did n't give a source of how that would work . 
  you do not even have a credible source to dispute that and that is why this is like arguing with a brick wall , i 'm done . 
  you can live in the world where you imagine , that an eu army would not need that much money . 
  good , keep dreaming . 
  until you have any sources that would back that claim , i do n't care anymore . 
  i gave you cost estimates , i gave you numbers and statistics , capabilities that an eu army would need to maintain . 
  you do not give me anything and argue about such a small thing like a few percents from the government budget as if we want to give the military 50 % of everything the country has . 
  i do believe you do not seem to grasp , that threats can arise at any time , alliances are stable one moment and can be forsaken the next . 
  the world changes . 
  that is why you need a prepared military in peace time . 
  that is why you need 2 % for it . 
  it needs to be developed and ready to react . 
  you ca n't have that with lower sums , because you ca n't refinance a military in a one year swoop . 
  my country made a purchase of 88 new boxer ifv in 2015-2016 . 
  do you know how long it takes until we will get all the vehicles ? 
  until 2021 . 
  it takes a while to get the vehicles you need , it takes a while for you to aquire them , to use them , to teach your soldiers to use them . 
  a war is not a game , you do n't train your soldiers like 1,2,3 done . 
  you either have forces built up or you do n't . 
  if you do n't finance your military , you do n't have forces built up and that 's it !, 
  germany invaded poland so easily in ww2 , because it was a lot better prepared , they invaded france and conquered it easily , because they were a lot better prepared than france . 
  you do n't prepare your military - you ca n't fight back well . 
  it took close to 10 years for interwar germany to make it 's army strong again and they did it so rather quick , because they invested almost everything they got into it . 
  i do n't think you understand real well how militaries work and how much everything costs in one , how long it takes for units to move out , how long it takes to equip a unit , to train soldiers or many other things . 
  at least you could argue and back up your statements by someone who understands anything about it , but you do n't even do that !, 
  learn about the military , what it does and how it 's built up . 
  as i said , i 'm done with you and wo n't reply to any answer you might give here . 
  you simply lack proof . 
  have a nice day . 
  firstly , sweden is part of the european union . 
  here is a map of eu members - https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/eu_member_states_and_candidate_countries_map.svg and here is a list ( second column , second from the bottom ) https://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/countries_en . 
  i think you mistook sweden with norway , which is n't part of the eu or confused eu with nato , which sweden is n't a member of in fact . 
  if the eu would have an army and spent 2 % of gdp on it , then it would cost ( including the uk ) 330 billion usd . 
  combine that with the us and you get 941 billion usd . 
  that is 55 % of the current worldwide military spending . 
  now , the european union and usa combined are the richest regions in the world , that have the best living conditions overall . 
  as i have said before , a lot of the costs from these budgets would go to salaries , training and providing great living conditions to the soldiers . 
  that is what makes european armies a lot more expensive . 
  it is just cheaper to maintain a large military for china than it is for the us . 
  a million soldiers is what the eu army would need at least . 
  a lot of the militaries we have now are complaining that we need more soldiers , because they do n't have enough to fill ranks . 
  i said that about germany , my country of lithuania needs more soldiers . 
  if the eu army would have 600k soldiers ( that is 3x less than what the current eu armies have ) , you already have less than russia . 
  that 's it , you do n't deter it anymore . 
  you do not counter russia anymore . 
  it has more soldiers , more tanks , more planes and is currently making even more of all these things .
