  and trade deals are somewhat beneficial to all europeans , where as military spending is evidently not considered like that . 
  portugal does n't care about the russian threat , because it 's too far away to be really affected by it . 
  finland does n't care much about the refugee crisis , because it is also too far away to be really affected by it . 
  that would be the problems an eu army faces and it must be capable to answer to all of these problems unanimously . 
  i just have a hard time imagining that they really could . 
  about the public being more prone to helping other nations , i do n't know about that . 
  it could work like that , but i mean there have been many cases where one side of europe was n't too sympathetic to the other . 
  we see that in the refugee crisis , we saw that in some deals with russia ( baltic protests over nordstream with russia were n't really listened to ) . 
  europe is united in many ways , but in the end , everyone want 's something differently and no matter how much you push unity here , someone will still get the worst part of the deal , that does n't scream ` unity and solidarity ' to them . 
  nato would not be a less reliable ally , because it is and was from the start a military alliance . 
  the eu is an economic - political union . 
  the sad truth is that western european nations are usually much less inclined to help out their allies to the east . 
  naturally , most people do n't want war and are ready to give up a lot for it to not happen . 
  kind of like in the interwar times . 
  and it shows that europeans do n't think much of defence a lot just by looking at their defence spending . 
  many european countries in the east did n't finance their militaries a lot until recently , that is true . 
  but they 're doing it now . 
  they have increased and keep on increasing spending to meet at least minimum requirements . 
  while on the other side of europe , we see france lowering their defence spending this year ( and , if i 'm not wrong , for the past few years , at least relative to gdp ) , germany , belgium , netherlands , denmark all maintaining below 2 % gdp financing , some of these countries even lowering their defence budgets more . 
  spain , italy , portugal also do n't care much about their militaries ( altough , i can understand that now , them not having the best economic situation atm ) . 
  and the unwillingness to defend your allies is really shown from this poll too - https://i.redditmedia.com/0mrtoxrkgti2tz9tjdhxrchonl23pcdq20jlouz695a.png?w=310&amp;s=e997f998debb89f8b3e9ca55e158170e we ca n't really put much faith into the leadership of our european allies in case of an armed conflict , when they do n't even have majority of their populations in favor of carrying out their obligations . 
  west europeans are lowering the amount of soldiers in their armies , disbanding units , largely care about their armed forces only to sell weapons to other countries , like saudi arabia . 
  they themselves pass the iniative and first response to the us and that is why , regardless of what trump says , the us remains the most important military ally eastern europe has . 
  i do n't expect an eu army with leadership shared between 27 different countries , all with different doctrines , priorities and capabilities would be an effective solution to european defence . 
  tough i do support closer ties between european militaries , just not an out right union , when northern countries face threats , have geographical positions etc. 
  fundamentally different from southern countries . 
  oh well i do n't doubt finland has a lot of beautiful churches . 
  perhaps i worded my comment a bit too rashly . 
  i can see a lot of great buildings in that list , but every so often one not so good looking appears . 
  mainly , i mean the more modern ones . 
  then again , it could be just a world wide trend right now ( or rather the past 100 years ) . 
  i focused on finland because of the mentioned list and also this church . 
  i think there was a post not long ago with the worst looking finnish churches , ca n't find it now , sadly . 
  but you got ta ask , why does finland build such ugly churches ? 
  it 's usually used in politics ( but not anyone that has high rank , just journalists , commentators and such ) when talking about bad russian laws or military . 
  like when the new armata tank broke in a victory day parade 1 or 2 years ago , everyone was saying nyet analogu v mire . 
  or when some rockets failed during an exercise from one of the russian navy ships , many people said the same phrase . 
  in lithuania , you can often hear about pseudo scientists from russia , creating new ways to heal cancer or something else and when these new real sciences come to the attention of news , people also say nyet analogu v mire . 
  so basically the joke is associated with russia failing at something , while trying to present it self as better than anyone around them . 
  oh no , he totally did n't want to save the ussr . 
  totally . 
  that is why he imposed sanctions on lithuania for leaving the ussr ( even tough the soviet constitution let member states leave ) , came to lithuania when the local communist party split from the central one and tried to stop it and i mean just think logically - he would have granted seceding countries independence right away instead of talking about how they can not leave , need to stay etc. 
  gorbachev to this day regrets the fall of the ussr , he wishes he could have saved it , he wishes it to still exist . 
  he states it in an interview here - https://www.csmonitor.com/world/europe/2011/1013/mikhail-gorbachev-we-should-have-preserved-the-soviet-union as i said , while he was not as tough as previous soviet general secretaries , he still used their methods in protecting the integrity of the ussr . 
  the large scale independence movements came about because of the reforms he started , that is true . 
  does n't mean he wanted a collapse of the soviet union , it became too late to control what started in the baltics , in georgia and other socialist countries . 
  i 'm not gon na go to much detail about the january events , but there is like no way he did n't know about it . 
  special operation troops and units came to lithuania before everything started , there was obvious tension in the country during that period and he did n't even accept talking with our politicians about the situation , with the office answering that mr. gorbachev is ` busy ' or otherwise ` unavailable ' . 
  seems pretty obvious he knew what was going on and wanted it to carry on . 
  the baltic countries ( and many other countries free of the ussr ) would very much disagree on that one . 
  january events in lithuania , latvia , soviet military actions in georgia and azerbaijan do n't really show him to be a `` hero of the people '' . 
  he wanted to save his defunct empire as much as any other communist and while he was ` softer ' than say brezhnev in his actions , violence or economic blocades were certainly in his toolkit and he was not afraid to use those tools . 
  probably because the us dollar became a more valuable currency in that period . 
  the same thing happened to a lot of european countries . 
  used to be 1 usd like 0.8 euro . 
  now it 's like 1 usd 0.93 euro . 
  example would be my country - lithuania . 
  2014 gdp per capita was 16500 usd . 
  2015 gdp per capita 14200 usd . 
  but we have n't had a negative growth since 2009 , it 's just that the dollar became stronger and the euro became weaker . 
  edit 1 . 
  apparently currently it 's 1 usd = 0.9 euro and in 2014 it was 1 usd = ~ 0,73 euro . 
  this is a little off topic , but is your user name a reference to the title of communist party leader in ussr ? 
  do n't worry , trump has your back . 
  that 's why it says radical nationalists . 
  there are always people in the country who believe they must get back their rightful clay ( like russia did with crimea ) and a lot of lithuanian rightful clayers base their beliefs from the interwar lithuanian government . 
  in that period , the state of lithuania printed maps that looked like this - http://istorijatau.lt/images/maps/142/142_02.jpg . 
  this map showed what lithuanians believed at that time rightfully belonged to lithuania ( mostly based on the moscow peace treaty of 1920 ) . 
  and since our main nationalist party today - tautinink\u0173 s\u0105junga - declares itself to be the descendant of it 's interwar counterpart , no wonder a lot of it 's members and other nationalists think ( or would really like to/support ) lithuania must expand and have these territories . 
  they have n't said much of any negativity about it . 
  come to think of it , only the lithuanian nationalist union , lithuanian socialist front and lithuanian people 's party expressed real euroscepticism ( non surprisingly , all of them expressed some pro- russia stance or have members close to supporting what russia wants ) . 
  but none of these parties have members in the parliament , because none of them have enough support ( that is , they do n't get more than 1-1 ,5 % of the vote in elections ) . 
  but going back about lv\u017ds , in their latest election program , they said about the eu that they ` want to return the european belief about the original eu project ' as well as ` actively take care of europe 's future ' . 
  lithuania is always such a fan of eu , it 's weird to see rising euroscepticism in other countries ( altough i understand they have their reasons to be sceptic about it , just as we have our reasons to be for it ) . 
  it would be like political suicide here for a politician/party to declare an anti eu position . 
  adding to what / u/bundesclown said , i would also say that they were n't democratic because you could n't fairly express your opinion . 
  for a democracy to work , a person must vote according to his own beliefs etc. 
  but as i noted before , most of the voters were bribed and a lot of them intimated by foreign armies , like those of russia etc. 
  and had to vote not according to their own opinion , but to what they were forced . 
  that was not considered a democracy then , it is not a democracy now . 
  also , i might add , the fake right of determination the nobles possessed were one of the things russia and surrounding countries actively fought to protect in the commonwealth . 
  and they did it not because it worked good for a country , worked democratically or anything like that . 
  foreign countries did it because it was useful for them as a easy manipulation tool . 
  i think this further proves , that while in theory , you could call the commonwealth a democracy ( much like north korea or ussr called itself ) , but in practice it was n't anything like that . 
  the elections were not very democratic at all . 
  in the middle of the xvi century , there were around 6.6 % of nobles in poland - lithuania from the total population . 
  that number grew to 9 % by the end of the xvii century and a bit more the next century . 
  so first of all , considering history , a lot of the elections ( especially the later ones ) were basically bribes and threats from countries interested to have power in the commonwealth . 
  probably all the elections that ever happened in the country took place with an army or even a few armies called upon by the candidates and surrounding the sejm . 
  so i would say that was not democratic at all . 
  another thing is that ( depending on the timeline ) only 6-12 % of the people had voting rights . 
  split it by half , because only men had the right to vote . 
  the peasants , town people and everyone else were n't considered citizens . 
  in truth , it was more pretending to be ` democratic ' when in fact just keeping all the power in a small amount of the population , who did n't care about more than what 's inside their wallets and in front of their noses . 
  no wonder a lot of people describe the polish - lithuanian commonwealth as a republic of anarchy . 
  yup , i agree . 
  but that was ingrained into their whole system of beliefs . 
  everyone had to be and live the same , no one had to have more that someone else etc. 
  naturally , that did n't apply to the leadership and everyone else who was part of the communist party . 
  the old soviet buildings are disgusting to me .
