  lithuania ministry of defence more likely spent a lot of it 's budget for other things this year , like for example when we bought a lot more javelin anti tank missiles and launchers , expanding exercise fields , buying a lot of ammo and grenades ( resources that were depleted when the military budget was stagnating ) and maybe even paying part of the price for the newly bought ( or being bought ) infantry fighting vehicles . 
  i do n't think it 's really possible to count all the casualties of war from the 16th century . 
  it would be hard enough to tell casualties from the 20th century . 
  there are many minor wars or just skirmishes or wars that are considered unimportant on a global or even regional scale ( important only for the countries that participated ) and so you could n't find any information about it . 
  also , think of all the raids and pillaging of villages that happened 400 years ago . 
  much of it is forgotten . 
  even in modern conflicts , all the consideration of war losses are often put into rough estimations . 
  just look at this list in wikipedia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_and_anthropogenic_disasters_by_death_toll . 
  a good example is the taiping rebellion . 
  you see how historians ca n't decide on the death toll and so estimations vary from 20 mln . 
  to 100 mln . 
  that is a 5x difference . 
  keep in mind that these are just the larger , more know conflicts . 
  then you would have to ask , what do you consider a war casualty ? 
  is it only soldiers who died on the battlefield and civilians directly killed by them , or do you add diseases , famine , looting , crimes during war time , genocides and other things to the count of war casualties . 
  i think ukrainians are going for a more invest east of poland plan . 
  no , the architect in klaip\u0117da is a lithuanian donatas rakauskas . 
  could be just a weird coincidence . 
  i wonder when this was built , because a city in lithuania - klaip\u0117da - had plans to build a similar looking skyscraper here too . 
  they never did , because of a lack of funds , but they still hope to build it one day . 
  the project is at least 10 years old and the building would have/should look like this - http://foto.terpe.lt/inkelti/20070624/2.jpg, 
  not really . 
  gas prices fell down 30 % or so for common households since the arrival of the ship `` independence '' . 
  lithuania would just like to cut down costs more , because the ship is on rent and if it would n't be on rent , we would n't have to pay for it monthly . 
  lithuania already has the lng terminal and it 's been operational since late 2014 . 
  symbolically , the terminal-ship is called `` independence '' . 
  `` statoil '' provides the lng . 
  the terminal currently is thinking about expansion . 
  that is , lithuania wants to become somewhat of a regional leader on lng and sell the gas to even ships , that could consume it as fuel . 
  also , we want to buy the ship out , because it is currently rented out and ca n't be bought for a 10 year agreement . 
  so we are discussing the opportunity to buy the ship faster and not pay those high cost monthly rents all the time . 
  not sure what you have in mind , but my comment was n't a complaint . 
  i was just telling that things like these over different things happen in other countries as well . 
  also personally , i think that comments which make threats of violence or encourage some kind of violence or hate movement against someone or a group of people should be , at the very least , removed or even fined . 
  do n't matter to me if you hate x nationality and encourage to kill them or hate y race and encourage to sterilize them etc. 
  that 's just hate we should n't tolerate and it should be removed . 
  criticizing on the other hand is okay , encourageable even . 
  but again , as long as there are no death threats or other similar stuff . 
  also , what i get from your comment is that you think i am not patriotic or against patriotism of ones country . 
  if that is what you meant , you 're wrong , i am very patriotic . 
  but this all is just my opinion , irrelevant to the topic just wanted to clarify it . 
  to be fair , this kind of thing ( getting arrested for comments ) happens in other countries too and has laws regarding it . 
  some of the comments here say that there were arrests in sweden and germany for anti muslim comments . 
  i do n't know about that , but i do know there were some arrests in the past few years done here , in lithuania , because of people writing anti gay or lgbt comments in the internet . 
  so i guess people should n't be so sensationalist about this since it happens in other places as well . 
  no , it has n't . 
  and i 'm not saying it has . 
  indeed , germany is helping a lot for my country in context of nato . 
  you said that us politics and elite do n't want to abandon their influence . 
  what i wanted to say is that politicians and ` elite ' of countries change their opinions like the examples of pre ww2 usa or the change in german policy towards defence after the cold war . 
  and they can change their opinion , just as germany has . 
  in the cold war , i doubt there were many german politicians who questioned the need for nato or spending enough money on defence , i 'm sure germans also saw usa as vital to their safety . 
  i do n't think that trump would be able to convince usa to abandon nato ( altough anything is possible ) , but it 's not like the us has n't ever been isolationist , even while having global power and global economic interests . 
  like at the start of ww2 , the us merely sent supplies to europeans , but did not commit in helping them or becoming active members of the war until it came and hit them right in the head . 
  the us had the power during the interwar to do a lot , but did n't care about that influence too much . 
  no , latvia and estonia were actually a little larger during the interwar and i think latvia still has/until recently had some claims on a bit of territory in russia ( not 100 % sure tough ) here is a map of what latvia and estonia lost - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_changes_of_the_baltic_states#/media/file:baltic_states_borders.jpg the wiki article has some ... ironic statements from putin about latvian - russian little dispute . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_changes_of_the_baltic_states#/media/file:baltic_states_borders.jpg  president vladimir putin in his speech regarding these territories said that `` it goes against the spirit of modern europe '' to raise issues like this one , that `` russia as well has lost many of its external territories during the breakup of the soviet union , such as the crimea '', 
  why does n't luxembourg participate in the eurovision anymore ? 
  it 's certainly not poor and would n't even be the smallest of participants in any way . 
  not to mention that it does n't take into account other important factors such as amount of combat ready troops , various ships ( frigates , cruisers , destroyers ) , land vehicles ( apcs and ifvs ) . 
  also , it shows north korea as having the largest amount of submarines and kinda looking like the strongest ones , because of amount . 
  that is stupid , because none of them even compare to what usa , china , russia and some other large militaries have to offer . 
  from that i would note that a lot of the valued things were grouped so much without taking into account the capability of the valued equipment . 
  usa not only has the most aircraft carriers in the world , but they are also larger and can carry a lot more aircraft with them + are nuclear powered ( the only other country that has a nuclear powered carrier is france , i believe ) . 
  another ex . 
  could be russia . 
  while russia indeed does have the most tanks in the world , a lot of them are in reserve and basically in a state where they could never be returned to active duty ( especially the old t-55s ) . 
  according to wiki , only 3000 russian tanks are in active service . 
  many countries maintain equipment as well that should n't be accounted into statistics . 
  i would also not count manpower into statistics but rather count the reserve size . 
  not everyone from the manpower stats could or would be able to serve . 
  and if i 'm not wrong , this `` island '' was artificially made anyway . 
  not all members voted for it . 
  116 out of 141 parliament members voted for this , the rest were not present . 
  not exactly . 
  there were a couple of cases in lithuania over the past 2 years where children died because of abuse by parents ( authorities did n't have reason to react until that point etc. 
  the usual ) . 
  so there was some discussion prior to this . 
  also , i believe the parliament was in talks about changing the child protection legislature days before the incident , but it did n't pass , because the parliament went into recess . 
  but then that child got murdered and the parliament gathered for a special session to pass this law . 
  aw , thanks finland . 
  you have our support on being second third . 
  well i guess lithuania can join the club too . 
  they have many grand duchy treasures , a few artifacts from vilnius university and the metrics of the grand duchy of lithuania . 
  soviet - lithuanian peace treaty in 1920 said that they have to return it . 
  no tears , only join lithuania to form one baltic nation . 
  vikings attacked the hill fort of apuol\u0117 ( present day lithuania , was defended by the baltic tribe of curonians ) in 853 . 
  they were pushed back by the locals . 
  but upon hearing news of that , the king of sweden decided to raid the hill again , this time bringing more forces . 
  the fort fought for 9 days and then made a truce - they pledged loyalty to the attackers , gave some silver , loot and hostages who in turn then left . 
  you 're probably right . 
  but also , baltic countries and belarus have different perspectives . 
  we go for euro-atlantic integration and maintain our good relations there , while belarus does the opposite . 
  so these differences cause larger , smaller disputes . 
  supported the baltic states how ? 
  lithuania has n't had a fruitful relationship with belarus for a long time now . 
  even more so since they are building a nuclear power plant 50 km form vilnius and do n't even let foreign inspectors to see it , has had multiple emergency situations ( like dropping the reactor on the ground during it 's installation ) . 
  then we have the human rights situation , where belarus is regarded as a dictatorship by most of europe , many belarussian political dissidents live and organize themselves from vilnius . 
  that is a problem as well . 
  also , lithuanian intelligence agencies have caught belarussian spies in lithuania as well as had reports of many offers to lithuanian government servicemen to engage in espionage for belarus .
