  ok , thanks in advance . 
  by the way , are you from one of the balkan countries or just interested and studied about that topic ? 
  yes please , that would be interesting to read . 
  i imagine some women survived those events ( srebrenica i mean ) . 
  of course , all of them suffered as well . 
  but did word spread fast about everything that happened there or was it uncovered later ? 
  as far as i know , the people responsible are n't all sentenced , right ? 
  why was this done ? 
  who commanded to do this thing ? 
  i 've heard about serbians doing genocide , but i do n't know almost anything about this event . 
  could anyone who knows much about this tell me more about it ? 
  are n't bears like really great at climbing stuff ? 
  especially trees . 
  i do n't think it would be hard for him to climb to the air conditioner , especially with those window sills everywhere . 
  the real question here would be why did he do it ? 
  i think major difference is that self propelled artillery can shot rounds 30-60 km away , while a tank can hit like 5 km max ? 
  the self propelled artillery is expensive , but yes it is n't very well armored . 
  tough their long range compensates for that , i think . 
  no we did n't . 
  where did you get this info from ? 
  the latest purchase by the lithuanian military from germany was panzerhaubitze 2000 - self propelled artillery ( 16 pieces + 4 spares/training ) . 
  lithuania does n't have any tanks , nor is looking to buy any in the near future . 
  we ** might ** buy german made armoured personnel carriers or infantry fighting vehicles , if they win the contest that was extended to 10 european and nato ( i remember germany , poland , turkey , france , italy being one of them . 
  i suspect finland and austria should also be included + 3 more ) corporations , making such vehicles . 
  the winner and the deal should be announced this fall . 
  wow wow wow . 
  shot 's fired . 
  unlike serbian basketball players do it to the net . 
  hell , i 've actually read an article a few years back , saying he is lithuanian . 
  iraq would be among the least surprising origins . 
  yeah , but i can understand uk for example . 
  there , the televoters gave 1st place to lithuanian . 
  in reality , almost all of those televoters are just lithuanian immigrants ( they are really loyal to lithuania in eurovision , compared to other countries immigrants ) . 
  so we should have had 12 points from uk , but the jury steped in and did some justice . 
  gave us a lower place and i agree our song was n't the best ( was n't the worst either ) . 
  so this case i understand . 
  but when our jury gave a small amount of points to russia just so they would get 0 points is very bad . 
  no matter how i dislike russia and their actions , this was vote manipulation and it seems like we kind fell to their level in that case . 
  i would have felt a lot different if the people would n't have voted for them ( like i did at first ) , not a jury setting it up . 
  then this is very wrong . 
  i would have been ok if both the voters and the jury did n't give them any points , because of their standing on russia . 
  now , it seems that the jury did it on purpose , not giving any points to them . 
  of course , the votes from lithuania might have been made by russians here , but that does n't matter . 
  a lot of immigrants vote for their homeland ( including lithuanian immigrants from ireland and uk ) . 
  i 'm not all that happy about this thing after all , the judges did it on purpose . 
  they could have given them at least 4 points ... 
  really ? 
  could you give me a source for that ? 
  i know eurovision should n't be about politics , but damn was i happy that we gave them nothing . 
  it 's like the whole country actually does support ukraine over russia and agrees with our foreign policy . 
  i also thought we 're gon na be a few places higher , but oh well ... 
  the latvian [ maiden ] ( https://38.media.tumblr.com/4e3d63411c80dd1122da45c73f495991/tumblr_inline_mk0k7jcihs1qz4rgp.jpg ) is one of my most , if not the most , favorite euro coins . 
  i like how detailed it is and how very latvian the woman there looks . 
  you do understand that it was a non-aggression pact between the ussr and the nazis , right ? 
  they divided europe with that pact . 
  literally , split it in half . 
  was soviet union invading poland a form of non aggression ? 
  god ... 
  i am saying that the ussr and nazi germany started ww2 . 
  did i say that they started it by attacking each other ? 
  i am saying they both started it together , as i mentioned before - friendly to each other . 
  what the hell does uzbekistan and kazakhstan have to do with anything ? 
  i am talking about what the ussr occupied prior and during ww2 . 
  countries that were free or fought for their freedom , not the ones that were already occupied . 
  so what if lithuania was part of russian empire for a century ? 
  ever heard of the lithuanian declaration of independence ? 
  soviet russia acknowleged the lithuanian independence . 
  that 's it . 
  they did . 
  said it 's ok . and then , 20 years later - they do n't anymore . 
  they sent troops here and took the country . 
  you know what this thing is called ? 
  occupation . 
  how am i changing facts ? 
  did i mention somewhere of lithuania not being occupied by the soviet union or the russian empire ? 
  the whole point of my text was that they did !, 
  oh my god , seriously ? 
  ok then , let 's go tell finland that they are evil and should go love and hug and join the russians , because hey , they had a war and fought them . 
  it 's wrong to defend you independence , according to you . 
  i do not care who ruled the ussr . 
  it could have been a lithuanian , it would n't have been any how less evil for that . 
  you know , nazi germany was ruled by an austrian , maybe then they all did nothing wrong too ? 
  yes , russians are soviets . 
  the october revoliution happened where ? 
  in russia . 
  the soviet union was called how before 1922 ? 
  it is directly russia and even russians understand it . 
  otherwise , let 's take away all the russian achievements during soviet times ( like flying into space ) , because the ussr did it , not russia !, 
  i do n't see me whining anywhere . 
  and no , of course . 
  the ussr was a true place of good and peace . 
  do you know that nazis used the ussr model for their concentration camps ? 
  do you know that the ussr only under stalins rule killed at least 30 million various people ? 
  i do n't think it 's important what race they killed , it 's important they killed . 
  furthermore , do you know how many millions of people did the ussr deport to siberia and other places ? 
  how many people were killed after the war had already ended ? 
  how many women were raped ? 
  how stalin made the holodomor happen in ukraine ( in one year , 3 to 6 million ukrainians died of starvation ) ? 
  do you know , that the soviet union even helped nazi germany by rounding up some of the jews and sending them to their deaths . 
  these are all such joyful events , certainly shows that the ussr is true defender of good .
