  as for creating additional units and mobilization , that would take some time . 
  in the interwar actually , lithuania had a great system , where we were capable to reach 150k in 72 hours . 
  i wonder if we would be able to anything like that nowadays . 
  ay , units around moscow may be strong . 
  but how many of them are there ? 
  and would they send the best they have here ? 
  of course , we need to prepare for the worst , but in reality , would they not use them in some possible more important places ? 
  israel now , yeah . 
  they are aggressive . 
  but in the past they were able to defend quite well against larger enemies . 
  i 'm not suggesting us becoming exactly like them , but take the good qualities and adapt . 
  mate , go to sleep if you need , we can continue later :d, 
  oh , sorry if it seemed like i think you know nothing . 
  i tend to over explain , so it was n't intentional :d talking about deployment , you know , it really depends on how and where we deploy . 
  if we are in range of their artillery , then yeah , sure . 
  they could do a lot of damage , if the unit does n't have any protection . 
  but i 'm certain that the military would n't deploy so close to the border as to be in reach of artillery strikes while we 're not even at war . 
  i 'll also note , that war would probably be expected . 
  i mean , i highly doubt that russia would just one day decide , without some period of tension to bam - attack the baltics . 
  i also would n't praise russian soldiers as such good ones . 
  from what i 've seen , they do n't take too much care for them ( even their field ration packs suck . 
  btw , i 'll note that who ever created the polish field ration pack deserves a god damn medal . 
  from the ones i 've seen , they 're probably the best in all of nato ) and maintain such a large force with so much equipment . 
  their weak link would be either bad equipment or bad soldiers . 
  and i would be iffy on both of those things . 
  about the nasams , as the government is still in talks , i do n't know either if we get 1 or 2 . 
  i 've only heard rumors that lithuania would get nasams from norway stocks and then upgrade them to nasams 2 through the developer company . 
  but we might get a different deal , who knows . 
  talking about their quantity , i do know that lithuanian military wants to have 2 batteries ready by 2018 . 
  i 've only heard rumors , but we could potentially buy up to 24 launchers . 
  that 's good enough for us , i 'm sure that russia would n't waste all their military equipment and capability solely on lithuania or even the baltic states . 
  i 'm sure they would expect a large war attacking us , so they would have a lot more valuable targets to attempt to destroy . 
  in the end , we really do n't know what kind of war could we expect with russia . 
  would they go full nazi germany ww2 style and blitzkrieg everything ? 
  would they go for another hybrid war ? 
  or maybe even force good old buddy lukashenko to tempt nato security ? 
  we do n't know how would they attack . 
  i myself believe that what our military is doing now , what we are purchasing , how we are moving forward and planing is the best we can do with advice from top military analysts who know how we need to handle our purchases . 
  israel is the best example we have on how to do it , they managed to solely defend themselves against a lot more enemies quite a few times , yet hey also have a lot of high tech and expensive equipment . 
  so us baltics need to follow that example ( while understanding what is different ) and the result of the war and a possible occupation would ultimately rely on nato . 
  would they delay taking actions and helping , will they not develop more countermeasures in the region ? 
  or will they react swiftly . 
  our military objective is to delay as much as possible , while keeping as much of our territory intact as possible . 
  i would not say russia would be able to so much hurt , that even none of our drones or radios would work , while also they would have to be overextended defending their huge territory , open to attack from many areas . 
  and yeah , good chat . 
  tough we have differences , i do agree with some of your points on what we need to buy and about efficiency . 
  no aircraft carriers , that 's for sure :d, 
  as i 'm lithuanian , i will mostly talk about my country . 
  so actually lithuania is not buying tanks at the moment , we might buy them in the future ( 5-10 years , because we have holes in other areas of our military ) . 
  only estonia had announced before that they plan to buy some tanks . 
  while they are expensive equipment , in the future we will need to buy these vehicles not only because of defence , but because our potential enemy - russia - has a lot of tanks . 
  any attack they would do would be with tanks . 
  thus our soldiers need training with these machines to understand how they work , how to react when a tank attack is happening etc. 
  currently , lithuania is buying infantry fighting vehicles . 
  this is much needed equipment , especially because these machines will be used for our fast reaction forces ( the soldiers who first react to an attack ) . 
  also , lithuania did n't just think oh we need useless expensive equipment and it is not the fault of lithuanian generals for buying equipment like this . 
  lithuania , as is poland , is a part of nato . 
  we are a collective defence alliance . 
  that means not only joining a war if one or another is attacked , but also if our military has gaps or things , that can not be bought by us for we do not have the capability , other countries provide us with these capabilities . 
  like for example , we can not afford at the moment to have any fighter jets for air policing , thus nato provides us with them . 
  the same would be said in a war . 
  if lithuania is unable to have a strong naval forces , nato will collectively provide us with their stronger force , while we help in other areas ( eg . 
  concentrate our naval force on mine countermeasure , while other navies concentrate on firepower etc. ) . 
  the current nato plan for the baltic states is that we would have 7 brigades in total , of which 3 ( could be 4 , forgot ) need to be armored . 
  that means tanks and other heavy equipment . 
  buying only manpads and anti tank missiles would be like fighting a partizan war . 
  we need to have our territory as much intact in case of an invasion for nato forces to arrive . 
  liberating occupied land is a much harder procedure . 
  so lithuania is trying to follow this plan by providing our fair share as best we can , since we could not do it when no cared about . 
  first step this year was recreating a second brigade that was disbanded for lack of funds 10-15 years ago . 
  next step after 2020 likely will be a 3rd brigade . 
  our military equipment would not be destroyed in their bases . 
  lithuania would get intelligence that russia is building up their forces near our border and thus our units would be moved out of the bases to their respective areas of dislocation . 
  cia chief said that lithuania would get up to 48 hours warning from them . 
  that is enough time to move your equipment , at least the main things . 
  and lithuania already when russia and belarus does their infamous zapad 20xx exercise moves soldiers and equipment out of the bases . 
  if you think missiles or anything would hit military bases , then you should know that we are already preparing for that . 
  by 2018 , lithuania should have nasams ( not sure if the older 1 or 2 ) mid range air defence system , capable of taking down planes as well as rockets . 
  this will ensure extra air space security on at least our most important military objects and important cities , areas . 
  i will also note that lithuania does indeed buy the things you noted as important too . 
  recently we even bough grom manpads from you guys and have plans to get more . 
  also , some extra javellin missiles and the boxer ifv will be equipped with spike lr . 
  also , we 're investing in our own drone project , buying other country drones , night vision equipment , radio equipment and targeting devices . 
  our military budget when we reach the 2 % and maybe even more will really be quite good for us . 
  if in 2020 we will have 2 % ( we plan to reach it in 2018 ) or more , then it will amount to ~ 900 mln . 
  euros . 
  20-30 % will need to be spent on new equipment ( nato target and we already do that now ) , so that should be ( if 20 % of 900 mln . ), 
  180 mln . 
  euros every year for new stuff . 
  that is sufficient for our country and will increase as gdp rises . 
  sorry for the long post :d, 
  we would have a very well equipped army if we spent a decent amount of money on it ( poland spent 2 % of gdp well before lithuania did . 
  lithuania spent only 0.8 % of gdp in 2012 , that was barely enough to maintain the soldiers we had , not enough to fill the units even ) . 
  as for corruption , i have to say that i am pretty surprised now of the amount of new ( higher tech , expensive stuff as well ) and old stuff ( slightly used ) being bought , considering that our military budget wo n't be that huge even when we reach a normal amount from gdp ( decent amount for us , would be better if it would be more than 2 % ) . 
  all the purchases that are made are very public usually and gets a lot of media attention here , so they ca n't afford to be corrupt . 
  at least , i hope that our military is as clean as possible . 
  tough still not perfect of course ... 
  we did not buy 8 howitzers separately this year . 
  lithuania bought 21 howitzers from germany ( a little used at a very good cost , will be modernized ) , of which 16 shall be used for military purposes ( that means to make our current 1 artillery battalion equipped with only self - propelled howitzers ) and the other 5 for spare parts and training exercises . 
  the ones that came to lithuania now are likely going back to germany soon anyway to be modernized , because these ones were n't , from what i heard .
