  if all candidates fail to do that , then the 2 most who got the most vote go to the second round and the person who gains the majority wins . 
  a good video that shows mostly how this system of our works is this one - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0i-sdosxu, 
  that 's probably why u/fatfacerikky did n't say putin , but russia . 
  their expansion policy did n't start with putin , he 's just the most successful recent fulfiller of it . 
  and do n't be naive . 
  putin was prime minister during the russian - georgian war . 
  he was , essentially , during the whole medvedev presidency his puppeteer , not to mention having the second highest ranking government office and immediately running for president again when d. medvedev 's term ended + extending the term of office for president of russia to 6 years , just in time for putin . 
  oh , nothing to be sorry about . 
  i would have hoped that turkey would pretty soon change it self and accept history . 
  there is no reason to deny it . 
  but with the recent developments , this seems like unlikely in the foreseeable future . 
  in the end , it 's up to them . 
  probably all of the victims and the perpetrators in their country are dead , i see little reason to anymore deny it . 
  yes , actually , my teacher read a piece from the book mentioned in your article `` m\u016bsi\u0161kiai '' about a trial of a lithuanian commander from the kaunas ix or iv fort and his testimony about a massacre of jews there . 
  i would n't agree with one thing in the article you linked tough . 
  e. zuroff seems to devalue soviet crimes done to not only lithuanians , but jews , russians and other nations too . 
  soviet union killed and murdered as much people as the nazis and was the master to it 's pupil ( by what i mean nazi germany ) . 
  all such crimes are crimes and one does not need to be devalued to the other . 
  a pity the soviet `` legacy '' is n't as much investigated and has a good defender ... talking about military ties , i meant that israel makes really good military equipment and lithuania is looking forward too and also already does buy equipment from israel . 
  examples would be turrets for our new infantry fighting vehicles as well as spike lr anti tank missiles , all from israel . 
  i understand your worries . 
  yes , lithuania did have a memorial march not so long ago , but it was in september , so you were close . 
  i do n't think lithuania would ever do what turkey does now . 
  firstly , it 's because we have already admitted of being participants . 
  from what i have gathered , turkey never has admitted the armenian genocide . 
  secondly , it 's seems that denial of that genocide in turkey is very intertwined with their history and nationalism , which , thankfully , is not the case in lithuania . 
  maybe part of it is because mostly , germans are viewed as the most , sometimes the only ones to blame . 
  thirdly , i do n't think any sane politicians or people would try to deny the holocaust here , since that would pretty much ruin our relationship with the eu and other important organizations , if we would be turkey level denial . 
  also , lithuania is seeking a bit closer trade and especially military trade ties with israel . 
  so anti-semitism would be pretty destructive for us . 
  i searched for a bit about those soviet trials . 
  and i could n't find good english sources about it . 
  tough there is an wikipedia article like that , but about estonia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holocaust_trials_in_soviet_estonia i 'm linking estonia , because any fate or developments that estonians or latvians faced , lithuanians faced too in the soviet times . 
  no , i meant per capita not the total amount . 
  i used current populations , as it 's nearly impossible to tell the population of both these countries during the war ( and the pre war one is actually pretty similar to the current one for both poland and lituania ) . 
  so lithuania gets 1 righteous among the nations per ~ 3300 people , while poland gets 1 righteous among the nations per ~ 5740 people . 
  still , a lot of people for both countries , not to mention those that were n't included due to lack of survivors , proof and other circumstances . 
  yet lithuania also has the highest per capita of righteous among the nations too . 
  our first president after independence , on the very first visit to israel apologized for lithuanian participation in the holocaust . 
  many , if not all , of the lithuanian war criminals that participated in the holocaust later faced trials by soviet authorities and likely received appropriate sentences . 
  there were n't a lot of things that soviets did n't hate more than nazis after ww2 , i would find it hard to believe that any lithuanian war criminals did n't already do their sentences , get executed or died of old age . 
  unless some escaped to foreign countries and hid . 
  indeed , it was a little hard for lithuanians at the start of independence to split 2 things apart from lithuanian participants in the holocaust . 
  it was hard to split murderers who actively and willingly participated in the holocaust from people who actively fought against occupation by the soviets . 
  some of the lithuanian freedom fighters after ww2 were war criminals hiding from justice . 
  bust certainly not a majority . 
  most nazi collaborators ran away with the retreating germans to germany . 
  so as i said , when we regained our independence , a lot of people looked past that , maybe not even know or care about it . 
  i 'm glad to say that it is changing and from time to time , i hear about how one or another lithuanian from those times looses their posthumous military awards or any other honors due to proof of committed war crimes . 
  i wish war crimes were n't so political and people from all countries would just give people like that up , let them be judged in an unbiased manner . 
  sadly , even modern democracies , not to mention dictatorships or authoritarian states still hide each others criminals . 
  that 's not true . 
  our statistics for crime , alcoholism or anything has n't gone significantly down from the start of the emigration boom . 
  have you seen a sharp decline in alcoholics or homeless in lithuanian city streets ? 
  there are many students ( that go to foreign universities ) , nurses , doctors , engineers and even it specialists who already get a good pay here that left because of higher pay , social reasons etc. . . also , lithuanians abroad start businesses in other countries , you can not discount them . 
  calling most of them idiots is a close minded view . 
  sure , there are some bad people who leave , but the same percentage of good people leave as well . 
  we 're losing people , good people too . 
  in the long run , it 's going to hurt us bad unless they come back . 
  for the time being , what else is for some of them left to do ? 
  not in 2015 and 2016 tough . 
  while until 2014 there was a lot of improvement , 2015 was the start of a fall back and it 's still continuing to this day , sadly . 
  but it 's mostly our fault of course . 
  if the government ca n't figure out ways to attract people and show them where home is , give possibilities to live here , it 's only due to their and our inability to fix our situation . 
  i 'm hoping that needed reforms and initiatives will eventually be implemented , as our problems lie not only in emigration but in death rate , birth rate ( tough it has recently increased ) , education and of course alcoholism + suicides + homicides . 
  but hey , here 's to a better future !, 
  what is silliest when i think of a possible war with russia is the lithuanian navy . 
  it 's basically a peace time only force . 
  because in an event of war , i feel like it would poof and no more such a thing as lithuanian navy . 
  not much of a loss i guess , because all ships were either gifts or used , yet still some were quite expensive when they were bought . 
  i thought that the polish navy would have something more powerful , but seems to me that it 's not the case . 
  not that it 's a problem :d well of course i 'm sure that if they would prepare for a possible invasion , they would likely move their iskander to kaliningrad regardless . 
  do n't discount your military so fast . 
  at least you 're not equipped with the new modern , standard german machine gun - the broomstick by h&k . so we 're looking at 3-4 russian army units in the western military district . 
  that 's real nice :d, 
  ey , do n't worry , our strategy is also the more of nato ( especially usa ) soldiers here the better . 
  if they die , then 10x better . 
  as sad as it is , dead usa soldiers are the best safeguard against any invasion :d you 've got some old soviet anti tank launchers , it seems . 
  tough i would agree , that 264 launchers is n't that much . 
  even lithuania should in the next 2 years get more , so that there would be a total of ~ 120 launchers . 
  not sure about missiles ( btw , wanted to say in last post , that lithuania got javelin most likely because of political reasons in year 2000 . 
  you know , trying to join nato , thus getting some weapons from usa ... now we 're getting some more of them to keep the standard ) . 
  yeah , iskanders are bad for nato . 
  good thing is that kalliningrad ** probably ** does n't have any there . 
  for now . 
  but they are part of the a2/ad problem that nato faces . 
  i 'm not sure what 's the current plan on solving the problem ( other than that nato sent a british air defence frigate to the baltics for some time , do n't know if it 's still here even ) . 
  other baltic countries do n't seem to worry to much about it , because they are n't close to kallingrad ( lt is the only country of the 3 currently actively searching to buy mid range air defence ) . 
  then again it 's as much trouble to us as is it is to you . 
  is poland developing anything on the subject ? 
  hard to say on the russian advance , how well would they do it . 
  at the moment , i believe they would use similar tactics to the ones used in georgia and some from ukraine , while concentrating their main force on poland ( yay for us , no offence :d ) . 
  the georgians did stop russian advance ; they never reached tbilisi . 
  and they did n't extensively ( if at all ) use their iskander or any of the other long range missiles there . 
  our military would of course not sit in place while being fucked by grad everywhere . 
  considering we already have our panzerhaubitze 2000 and they are all operational , they should have the capability to do damage . 
  i wonder if bm 30 rockets can be taken down by anti air defences . 
  hard to predict putin . 
  but in 48-72 hours , our existing units should be capable to fully move out and dislocate ( the lithuanian fast response units would be even faster . 
  their response time is 2-24 hours . ) .
