good . 
  no , as many people stated above , this is the coat of arms/symbol of lithuania , which has been used for many ages , long before lithuania was formally christianized ( partly at 1387 , partly at 1413 ) . 
  i do n't think you can judge the germans as well as you think you can . 
  remember that the treaty was signed in 1918 and the census was done in 1916 . 
  that census did n't compromise of just the vilnius governate . 
  it went even more further south and included territories south such as brest-litovsk and bialystok . 
  certainly in those areas poles were a majority ( at least in bialystok ) . 
  that 's why the russian census is more trustworthy on that particular subject of south-eastern lithuania . 
  it did n't compromise of land further away . 
  yes , i do n't think they are ( the majority ) hundreds of years old . 
  there might be some that are , but not a lot . 
  i think some poles started moving there and some lithuanians and belorussians became poles , because of [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polonization ) and some ( just including ) became russians because of [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification ) . 
  you are a bit correct in the first part . 
  in those times , there was n't such a strong understanding of what is a nationality . 
  i 'm sure you know that . 
  that ' why they show such disproportionate ( at best ) reading of population change . 
  of course , there was also rusification and polonization ( nobles ) , so that 's why these numbers changed so much . 
  you ca n't say the german census is right . 
  just because that census shows more poles living there , does n't mean it 's correct in any way . 
  all the censuses of those times were half propaganda , half true . 
  it would be also wrong to accuse germans of being not nationalistic . 
  nationalism started there . 
  plus , the russian census would have more reason to lie about lithuanians than any other ethnicity in the region . 
  it was their plan to destroy us . 
  lithuanian language was the only language banned by the tsar , btw . 
  a lot can change in 7 years , there was a war , remember ? 
  might as well add that both lithuanian and polish freedom movements started in those times and a lot of people had to chose , with no real knowing , if they 're polish or lithuanian ? 
  i might add , you are being awfully rude about all of this . 
  calling it all bullshit , what master of history and ethnography are you ? 
  i would understand if you would take interest in our history , but i highly doubt that . 
  how much do you even know about lithuania , it 's history , people or traditions ? 
  of course . 
  most poles in lithuania that came to lithuania moved here in the end of the 19th century and the start of the 20th century . 
  they are not native , because this is native lithuanian land . 
  [ this page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vilna_governorate#ethnic_composition ) shows it . 
  you see the increase of poles there ? 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  also , poles increase in numbers during 1920-1939 when vilnius and it 's region belonged to poland and in 1939 ( could be 1940 , i 'm not sure ) when lithuania accepted 40 thousand refuge poles ( mostly military ) into our country , due to your country being occupied by soviet union and nazi germany . 
  a lot of these poles left for britain and etc. 
  but some stayed . 
  i hope poland would n't want to invade lithuania . 
  and i do n't think it would unless some drastic change in government would start in both our countries . 
  i 'm not afraid for vilnius . 
  vilnius these days does n't have very many poles living there . 
  the area around vilnius does though . 
  by stability i mean , let 's say a part of lithuania get autonomy ( part where there are a lot of poles ) . 
  a autonomous region is like a country in a country belonging to that country . 
  so lithuania would have a neighbor poland with a `` little poland '' inside of it self . 
  stability of the country would be lower , because that `` little poland '' would of course want to be part of poland . 
  once again , i must say that lithuania does n't have land , that did n't originally belong to lithuanians . 
  poland has rather a lot of it , especially after ww2 . 
  i could say poland has a moral obligation to let those places have street signs in polish . 
  yet i still think they ( poles ) can do what they want . 
  i mean if you 're government thinks it 's ok and your people do , great do it . 
  but do n't try to force it on other people and countries . 
  there is no need to put any street sings in another language in lithuania , as any foreigner in that land is obviously a immigrant or related to one . 
  we let poles learn their language in schools and let them have their newspapers , radios etc. . . we only ask for one thing , respect the country your in and for the love of god , learn it 's language in 20 years of independence . 
  i sometimes hear poles on the radio ( when they call to express their opinion ) and they ask their fellow poles , especially ones in the government , to stop bringing shame upon their people by requesting nonsense laws . 
  people did n't move that much in the commonwealth ( that would explain why are there so little of lithuanians in territory 's of poland not close to lithuania ) . 
  so not many of poles here are from those times . 
   i 've heard about many polish lithuanians ( like pi\u0142sudski or mickiewicz ) that were there before 20th century . 
  can you give me some sources showing the opposite ?  you want me to give a article saying there were no poles in lithuania before 20th century ? 
  that would be like proving there were no poles in china before the 15th century . 
  impossible . 
  most poles are from 19th/20th century , but not all . 
  if we would want to continue the debate at a country to country level , we would be breaking the lithuanian - polish treaty of 1994 . 
  your government want 's to discuss it , it has to break the treaty . 
  if you 're asking me about what do we think about these things you asked then here : 1 . 
  russia should get out of crimea , calm down . 
  leave ukraine alone and let them decide what to do on their own . 
  stop pretending to be `` peacekeepers '' . 
  ( lithuania and poland both addressed nato , stating that they feel unsafe , so here we think alike ) 2 . 
  mozejki , i 'm guessing you mean mazeikiai . 
  i do n't know , i have n't read or looked to much into that . 
  well i guess lithuania is planing to do that , but now our priority is to finish the liquefied natural gas terminal in klaipeda and get a way to produce electricity on our own . 
  i 'm not sure why did these link projects even stopped ... p.s i did n't know about those capital things in english language . 
  now i 'll know , thanks . 
  yes , we do something in exchange . 
  we agreed with nato , that because nato and partners guard our airspace , we will send soldiers to afghanistan to secure the gori province . 
  now that this mission is over , were repaying nato by sending pilot trainers to afghanistan and other soldiers for the afghani army training . 
  as i said before , people in lithuania do n't hate poles . 
  maybe they dislike poles that live here , but not poles in poland . 
  the only poles in poland that lithuanians dislike are your politicians and i will add to the list your football fans . 
  but i do n't know if we should count those as every country has drunks that ruin their countries image . 
  i would n't say we make that matter such a big problem . 
  polish politicians are the ones that always intervene to our interior government issues . 
  their breaking a treaty by doing that actually ( lithuania and poland signed a treaty that neither we nor they will intervene in each others country interior business , yet poland still likes bringing it up whenever we talk about anything ) . 
  understand that lithuania does n't have land of other people ethnicity . 
  poland has german , old prussian , lithuanian , possibly ruthenian lands . 
  those lands still have ethnic minority 's living there . 
  lithuania has only a large polish people population that came here at the end of 19th century and start of 20th century . 
  they are immigrants , the same as poles in uk or usa . 
  they do n't have street names in polish there either . 
  this is why we do n't give poles special laws . 
  even if we would , it would be a huge blow to our stability . 
  poland ( a larger country ) lives right beside us and here we would make an autonomous poland nr .2 right by her . 
  yes , these problems of both poles and lithuanians should n't be debated in international debates . 
  lithuanians mostly do n't like your foreign affairs minister radoslav sikorsky . 
  he makes bad comments about lithuania , always causing us to distrust him and other politicians . 
  i think he ruins our relations a lot .
