  the military even lacks appropriate resources for peacetime missions , like search and rescue . 
  our sar ship is outdated and provides little value , we need at least 2 new more helicopters for sar functions . 
  this is what happens when you decline your military . 
  and it is not an easy task to re-finance it . 
  either you finance it well enough for it to do what it needs and be up to date in peacetime or you let it stagnate and decline . 
  no country is gon na shock it self and be like 0,5 % gdp to military for 10 years , maintain minimal capabilities and then whoooosh 5 % gdp to military , forget everything else . 
  because only that jump would be a sufficient for a relatively quick re-financing . 
  otherwise , you finance it like you 're advised and you do n't need to suffer shocks and search for money when your house is already burning . 
  not to mention , that if you do not finance your military well all the time , you would n't have production capabilities for a quick rearm , you would lack everything fundamental , because no one would have cared about that for the past years . 
  that would not only increase costs of refinancing ( you would need to restart production ) , but would just be close to impossible to do it quick , because the defence industry would not be prepared to handle such a huge load . 
  you would need to spend extra money again just to finance your industrial capabilities . 
  moreover , if you do not finance your military , the technology it uses lags behind . 
  imagine an unforseen threat emerges . 
  it has a good military , it financed it , it invested in it , it has modern technologies . 
  you did not . 
  do you think it takes a few months to catch up on technology ? 
  i think the world is an example of how it does n't work that way . 
  it takes 10-20 years to create new fighter jets . 
  if you do not finance your military , you can not develop new fighter planes . 
  if you do not have new generation fighter planes , your enemy will have new generation fighter planes . 
  your aircraft would be outdated and outgunned , because you did not finance your military to upgrade them or to buy a sufficient amount of new ones or maybe there even are n't new ones , because you had no money to invent such a thing . 
  same goes with tanks . 
  we even saw it recently , i 'm sure you have heard it in the news . 
  turkey uses and older version of leopard 2 german tanks called the leopard 2 a4 . 
  it was introduced more than 30 years ago now . 
  these turkish tanks were quite manageable targets for syrians and isis , because they used a bit more advanced anti tank weaponry on them and tanks like that were destroyed . 
  had turkey had the newer leopard 2 version , like the a6 or a7 , it would have likely not suffered such losses , because those tanks go with the times and can withstand new threats . 
  that 's why you need to finance your military well . 
  you want your equipment to be good and up to date , not a pointless , easily destroyable loss . 
  and again , these advantages cost money . 
  2 part message , since it was too long . 
  part 1 : i did not twist your words . 
  i said you think eu army would not need 2 % . 
  and that is indeed what you think , is it not ? 
  what i obviously meant by this is that you think we do not need to spend what you consider a lot of money and i consider a basic necessity . 
  yes indeed you gave lists why you think we do not need to spend that amount of money . 
  that is why i showed you through the example of germany , that is one of the top militaries by budget in the world why not giving 2 % is not enough . 
  the eu army would , one way or the other , have a lot more men and equipment than the german armed forces . 
  the german military has 180k soldiers . 
  the eu army would have at least 5x that amount of soldiers . 
  now , the german military budget is 37 billion euros . 
  as i think i made clear , it is not a well equipped military and uses a lot outdated or unoperational equipment that makes it an ineffective force . 
  obviously you understand , that experts from nato ( who i am sure know a lot more about this than me or you , tough you seem to vehemently deny their 2 % rule like they would be idiots who pull numbers out of their behinds ) say you need 2 % of gdp minimally to have a well functioning , modern military , that would be up to date enough and can support peace time forces . 
  but for arguments sake , i will lower the amount of money needed for the german military to function properly to 1,8 of gdp . 
  according to wikipedia , 1,8 % of german gdp ( 2016 ) is 53,6 billion euros . 
  now , as i said , the eu army would be at least 5x the size of the german military ( it would be a lot more than that probably , because , relative to the population of eu , 1 million soldiers would be small . ) . 
  5x53 ,6 billion is 268 billion euros . 
  that is 311 billion usd . 
  now , 2 % of eu gdp in 2016 ( with the uk ) would be 283,7 billion euros or 330 billion usd . 
  seems awfully close to the horrible and unphatomable 2 % spending of gdp to the military ( and keep in mind , the 283,7 billion is with the uk . 
  without the uk , 2 % of gdp is only 238 billion euros or 277 billion usd ) . 
  it 's almost as if those people from nato were n't idiots and knew what they were talking about !, 
  and those 268 billion euros do not include a much larger array of weaponry , that would be needed for the power projection ( or force projection , in your words ) to deter enemies . 
  i 'm talking about things the german military does n't have , like nuclear weapons and aircraft carriers and so their already strained budget does n't even finance . 
  now obviously , an eu army would cut some costs most likely , because soldiers from different countries would have different salaries ( which is another minus of an eu army - why would anyone serve in poland and get 600 per month when they can serve in germany and get 1600 per month ? 
  ) , possibly cut some costs through larger procurements of weaponry and ammunition . 
  but those savings pale when you remember , that it would have to go to a whole new next level of armament than the germany army ever had to achieve . 
  the eu army would have aircraft carriers , no way around that . 
  aircraft carriers need support , they need to be taken care of , they cost a lot of money . 
  as i said , the german military budget never even had to worry about things such as these and it is already small !, 
  the eu army would have to have nuclear weapons . 
  it would be political and military suicide to be a super power of such proportions and not have nuclear weapons , not to mention the uk and france already have them and if they would be in an eu army ( well , france at least ) , naturally that army would have nuclear weapons . 
  this is a simple calculation made trough the example of the german military . 
  even if we take the current , ineffective german military budget and multiply it by 5 , due to the size of an possible eu army , it would be 185 billion euros . 
  keep in mind , i said that 2 % of eu gdp without the uk is 238 billion euros . 
  also keep in mind that an eu army 5x the size of the current german army ( and their current size is already considered to be way to small , as news articles from my last post explained ) would be to small for the eu as well . 
  an eu army 6x the size of the current german army using their current small budget would cost 222 billion euros . 
  do you see how close we are to those 2 % ? 
  do you understand why nato says you have to give at least 2 % ? 
  i did not think of these numbers . 
  the 2 % rule was not made up by me . 
  it was made by experts in their fields and all this points , that they truly are experts and 2 % is not bullshit . 
  nato says 2 % for peacetime only . 
  if you want to maintain a minimally capable military that would be up to date , you need 2 % . 
  you do n't need 10 % , you do n't need even 5 % . 
  you need 2 % . 
  here is what 2 % of gdp looks relative from various country budgets : lithuania ( 2016 ) - 771 mln . 
  euros would be less than 8,9 % of central government budget . 
  germany ( 2017 ) - 59.5 bln . 
  euros would be 18,1 % of federal budget ( keep in mind , this is from federal budget , their states have a lot of money to spend on everything that a unitary republic would spend from their central budget ) france ( 2017 ) - 48,4 bln . 
  euros would be 3.2 % of whole government budget ( includes social security , central government and local regional government . 
  could n't find a split budget in english ) netherlands ( 2017 ) - 13,1 billion euros would be 3,1 % of whole government budget ( like france ) sweden ( 2017 ) - 8,8 billion euros would be 8,7 % of central government budget ( like lithuania ) poland ( 2016 ) - 8,2 billion euros would be 9,6 % of central government budget ( like lithuania ) part 2 is down . 
  thank 's for the petty insults , that adds well to the discussion . 
   2 % of eu gdp is over $ 360bn . 
  who is this supposed enemy that we have to justify that expenditure ? 
  this is literally you saying that we do not need to spend 2 of gdp on eu military , which is why i said that you argued for not spending money on an eu army . 
  now for your `` this is simply not true '' about operational and unoperational equipment of eu armies . 
  i will use the example of germany , because i excluded it out of other eu members . 
  https://www.thelocal.de/20140925/german-militarys-feet-of-clay-revealed article says , that german military has a lot of problems and is unfit to carry out defence objectives . 
  moreover , it says this :  chief of staff general volker wieker presented a report on the problems to parliament 's defence committee on wednesday . 
   it confirmed that just 24 of the air force 's 56 transall transport planes , which will be critical for the iraq and west africa missions , were fit to fly . 
   the air force is close to overload with its fighter planes also well under half strength . 
   helicopters , too , are a weak point , with half the navy 's fleet grounded and only 16 of 83 ch-53 transport helicopters flight ready . 
   there are also problems with the army 's boxer personnel carriers and the navy 's frigates . 
  just 70 of the 180 armoured vehicles and seven of the 11 ships are in fighting condition . 
  this is an article from 2014 . 
  germany has moved to finance their military more since then and is trying to solve some of it 's problems . 
  the article even talks about german soldiers not having the capabilities to carry out their missions in afghanistan , when they were deployed . 
  this is another article , that talks about the same issue as the one above - https://medium.com/war-is-boring/germany-cant-manage-its-weapons-7207fe64433d this article talks about the german helicopter nh90 being manufactured bad . 
  https://medium.com/war-is-boring/the-long-sad-tale-of-germanys-botched-helicopter-buy-8a2491de8991 this is an article from december , 2015 ( basically , 2016 ) .
