  also , lithuanian nobility after lots of year of polonization , considered lithuanian language as peasantish , so there was ussualy little support from them . 
  in later times , lithuania announced independence and fought wars with 3 armed forces : bolsheviks ( soviet russia ) , bermontians and the polish . 
  the war with soviets ended in a peace treaty , bermontians were defeated by us and latvians and the war with poland was supposed to end in peace , but after we signed a peace treaty , poland betrayed us , occupying vilnius region until our armed forces were capable of stoping them . 
  thus poland got all that territory and held it for 20 years , where they did extensive polonization to both lithuanians and belarusians . 
  i could write a lot more reason 's and theory 's , but the text is long enough already  . 
  well , as a lithuanian , i have to say that the map is n't that much propagandic . 
  the territory of lithuanians is a bit larger than it should be and should be striped a lot more to the territories in the south , but i think it is rather correct . 
  most people think that polish people were the majority in vilnius governate in 1900 's , but that is n't entirely true . 
  polish people almost only lived in the city of vilnius , but not the territories around it . 
  according to the 1897 russian empire census , 18 % of vilnius governate were lithuanian and only 8 % were polish . 
  the majority of people were belarusian ( 56 % ) , but only because that governate took a rather large portion of their land . 
  also , lithuanians really needed nationalism at that time period as we had to fight 3 enemies at the same time for the survival of our state . 
  ca n't really say other countries ethnographic composition , but i would guess that the map is very detailed and mostly correct . 
  please someone tell where it 's not . 
  it would be nice to know , 
  i think it 's interesting , how lithuanians and latvians managed to keep the word gold from proto-baltic language . 
  neither we , nor they have or had gold mines in the past and we did n't have a huge importance to it ( before middle ages and early middle ages ) , as far as i know . 
  i would have thought it likely we would have taken the word from latin ( because balts traded with romans ) or from slavs , other nations because we have a lot of things more `` associated '' with us that we call with loanwords from other languages . 
  i like these kinds of maps , it 's interesting to see the origins of words . 
  i shun the heretic , you may never taste [ cepelinai ] ( http://www.mamosreceptai.lt/uploads/modules/recipes/fullsize/3245.jpg ) , [ \u0161akotis ] ( http://cdn3.gbtimes.com/cdn/farfuture/zvntnp8vldyubs4buipevt9z-qaya9e3mb6um2pv8yi/mtime:1395934142/sites/default/files/styles/768_wide/public/2014/03/27/06-karaliskas-sakotis.jpg?itok=hhsx-p5o ) , [ \u0161altibar\u0161\u010diai ] ( http://g1.dcdn.lt/images/pix/saltibarsciai-65378658.jpg ) , [ tinginys ] ( http://media.bernardinai.lt/o/e542ed221164a8ac91a7a2564cbb5091fb0f4421.jpg ) , [ \u017eemai\u010di\u0173 blynai ] ( http://www.mama.lt/uploads/image/recipe_9286/f_zemaiciu-blynai-su-vistiena-ir-suriu-9286.jpg ) and many more ever again . 
  shame !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that is the reason the video was made . 
  in cooperation with tv , to have some sort of show intro . 
  if it was the police purely trying to improve public opinion or urge to join the force , i think they would have said something about it in the video ( have a narrator , not the one on the show ) . 
  it seems we have nothing to argue about anymore  i agree with your later fixings . 
  i 'm not gon na discuss if the judges are good are bad . 
  they 're judges and that 's it . 
  plenty of bad ones , plenty of good ones . 
  the qoute you made in my text is not about my opinion saying making fun of jesus is n't allowed . 
  i mean the law forbids making fun of him , because he was a real live person , just as i would say the law forbids to make fun of steve , my neighbour , because he is a person . 
  that is not my opinion , that is what the law says . 
  in that paragraph , my personal opinion was represented only in this sentence :  people are n't even openly let to make fun of more terrible people , yet people do make fun of those that were n't evil , in my opinion .  no , you mentioned freedom of speech and that is what i talked about . 
  and to add to that , people also joke about these things too , if you do not think it is associated . 
  i did n't say you ca n't question things . 
  by saying you ca n't agitate i mean you ca n't do this : we should kill/inprison/sterilize / make laws against ( insert a group of people ) . 
  everyone , let 's go have a rally for that !, 
  tough there are many forms of it , it 's an example . 
  basically , i understand agitation as persuading people to go do harm to other people , not questioning if , let 's say , d. grybauskait\u0117 is a good president ? 
  you can question things without having to insult someone . 
  i do n't care if i get insulted , someone calls me a curse word or something . 
  i probably would n't go to court for such a thing . 
  yet others would . 
  so people may be insulted in other ways . 
  like a poster of jesus ( i am not christian myself ) . 
  say you 're a good catholic , go to church every sunday , pray and do what catholics do . 
  yet one day , you saw a poster mocking the one you care so much about . 
  now think if it is n't jesus , it is your mother , your relative , or even you let 's say . 
  do you not feel insulted ? 
  it might look like a minor thing to you . 
  what , it 's a simple poster , right ? 
  what harm could there be ? 
  from what i gather , you 're not religious yourself , so you might think even more , who cares ? 
  but people do . 
  and people do n't like that . 
  and i do n't see the point in anyhow uselessly making people angry . 
  nobody likes someone making fun , whether minor or not , of their beliefs and ideals . 
  and there is a huge difference between making fun and questioning them . 
  charlie hebdo is not in lithuania . 
  i am talking about lithuanian laws , not french ones . 
  for charlie hebdo to be judged , it must first be a thing in lithuania , then someone who was offended by it has to pass it to court or `` the imaginary lithuanian charlie hebdo '' is evaluated through some sort government agency and it sees , that it is breaking the law . 
  then it would probably not pass for incitement of religious violence or discrimination , offending some muslims dignity . 
  if you think you have an example of some religious community spreading hate against muslims or atheists , then by all means go to court if that is what you want . 
  the judge will surely evaluate what you found offensive and tell you if it really was offensive . 
  not all cases pass of course . 
  otherwise , everyone would go to court all the time . 
  i 'm not a judge , so i ca n't really say what would be the outcome of that , as well as i do n't see a specific example . 
  i do n't really think it is stretched too much , because , at least i , do n't see many cases of this appearing often . 
  of course , what seems ok to me might be terrible to someone else . 
  the government is n't always right , but i think it just tried to protect people from too much discrimination , even if that law is n't always applied . 
  i 've no problem with freedom of speech what so ever . 
  i was explaining a lithuanian law to you and it 's uses . 
  having an opinion about what people do is no where stating that i support freedom of speech or not . 
  if i say that people ca n't go around suggesting ethnic cleansing of nations or suggesting to genocide all jews , christians , atheists - you pick - does that mean i 'm not a fan of freedom of speech ? 
  but if you care for my own personal opinion it is that freedom of speech is great , as long as it is n't used in only a manor to lie , purely insult , agitate to hate someone or discriminate someone . 
  i do n't think that many people would disagree about that statement , but who knows ? 
  do n't think much of a one guy talking about how we need a national religion . 
  you can look at the comment section , not many people agree with him . 
  shows what the readers really think . 
  still , i do n't see this being them influencing our politics a lot . 
  the most influence i 've seen from them is when they addressed some law about i do n't even remember what as a community group and the government considered their proposal . 
  i think you are over reacting for that `` blasphemy '' story . 
  the company did n't get a fine for blasphemy , they got it for breaking the law of advertisement . 
  it says that the poster offended the peoples morals and dignity . 
  and there is a law , written in our constitution by the way , saying that `` the dignity of the human being shall be protected by law '' article 21 of the lithuanian constitution . 
  also this part `` the law and the court shall protect everyone from arbitrary or unlawful interference in his private and family life , from encroachment upon his honour and dignity . '', 
  and this part : `` freedom to express convictions , to receive and impart information may not be limited otherwise than by law , if this is necessary to protect the health , honour and dignity , private life , and morals of a human being , or to defend the constitutional order . 
  freedom to express convictions and to impart information shall be incompatible with criminal actions -- ** incitement of national , racial , religious , or social hatred , violence and discrimination ** , with slander and disinformation . '', 
  i made one part in bold , because that is what barrier the ad did n't get past mostly . 
  if our constitution says people can not insult your dignity , or discriminate your religious beliefs , then you can not do that . 
  and that is just what it is . 
  needless fun-making of religion . 
  you might also remember the song '' \u0160etone pra\u0161au '' that is being dragged around courts for inciting violence on children . 
  it is a similar case . 
  people got offended over it and the have a right to demand it not being there , because the law allows it for everyone . 
  also , i would add that whether you believe in god , jesus , christianity or not , the fact remains true that jesus did live . 
  i mean , it is recorded in history . 
  you can only believe or not believe in him . 
  much like muhammad also lived and you can choose to believe in him or not . 
  so what i 'm saying is making fun of jesus or any person that really lived is n't also allowed , because he was a person . 
  people are n't even openly let to make fun of more terrible people , yet people do make fun of those that were n't evil , in my opinion .
