... but they already have an opt out in place for this ? 
  this feels relevant here : part 1 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rr9iaxh1m0 part 2 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9ufyny-rw4, 
  waterboard him with it :p, 
  i take it you are not familiar with polish bureaucracy . 
  well actually you can always avoid most of it if you slip them a note here or there , 
  en zoe is ut jong . 
  and so it begins ... 
  well yes i had a permanent contract and my own appartment and no fear , i think that last one helped me . 
  if you think about everything a lot you can always come up with reasons why not to do something . 
  it 's not really about that but every media has their own agenda , unbiased information , generally speaking , is hard to find . 
  everyone has a message to confirm one way or another , add up the context of which this has been published ( like what . . a week after the panama papers for example ) and you have a valid reason to be skeptic about this report imo . 
  do you dare to say that everything mentioned by this expos\u00e9 is 100 % factual or maybe there could be parts added/edited/forged ... does media in your country run different then the rest of the world ? 
  reading these comments makes me feel like i should be borderline ashamed for having a kid at 22 . 
  rude haha i like limburg actually . 
  my last name should give it away  i 'm a dirty pole stealing their jobs !, 
  history man , when i got pregnant , with a turkish man , my aunti straight up said i need to watch out cause turks can not be trusted , some war , yaddee yaddee . . you know , the works ... 
  you guys are so amazing you 're just straight off the charts man !, 
  i know , it 's all kinds of fucked up . 
  but hey , at least you do n't have to hug your cows more often / s, 
  you do n't need to convince me buddy . 
  i 'm not sure why you feel the need to be snappy ? 
  i 'm a in favour voter not against ... was just saying how this referendum has been abused by people that had another agenda . 
  ca n't do that , which is the reason this referendum is hijacked to stick it to brussels one way or another . 
  right ? 
  being poor is soooo offensive !, 
  all i can do is give you a quote that i find very fitting for this ( fucked up ) situation `` opinion is really the lowest form of human knowledge . 
  it requires no accountability , no understanding . 
  the highest form of knowledge ... is empathy , for it requires us to suspend our egos and live in another 's world . 
  it requires profound purpose larger than the self kind of understanding . '' bill bullard, 
  anything that is allowed on our market has to be of the same high legal standard , your point is invalid . 
  i 've said it already in the other thread but i 've really had enough of the dutch `` belerend vingertje '' . 
  animal cruelty brought up as a point why to vote no ? 
  for real people ? 
  if you had to pick between feeding yourself or giving better animal rights i 'm sure nobody would think `` yes let us focus on the animals now '' . 
  we are so blessed to be living in the netherlands and have all the options and support systems plus time and money to fight for animals right too . 
  i feel sometimes my fellow man have no idea how well they 're off here . 
  i know what you 're trying to say , my point was more that people will come up with things ukraine is doing wrong ( animal cruelty being a hot item when the people are just scraping by , hooray for priorities ) and that 's why they voted against when we all know the vast majority just wanted to give the finger to brussels . 
  that 's what i meant with the double agenda . 
  this referendum had a double agenda from the get go so do n't be surprised to find weird excuses . 
   ` it 's not about ukraine ' , because it is . 
  yes it is but it 's also not just about ukraine which is the problem . 
  it became a symbolic moment to kick against the establishment in brussels . 
  i bet half of the no voters votes no just to make a statement . 
  i think that 's not good enough of a reason for me . 
  the eu takes pride of being a union even with all the diversity between the countries . 
  italy is no germany , uk is no france . 
  i personally think it 's an excuse to refuse anything that comes east of germany . 
  i am going for yes after work , i have a few reasons . 
  * 1 : it supports ukraine in which hopefully , they feel less the need to turn to their other neighbor , he 's not always so friendly it seems . 
  * 2 : to vote against the people that feel like hijacking this referendum just to show their feelings towards the eu and brussels * 3 : to vote against the people that have not read up but it 's eastern europe so whatever it is , we do n't want it . 
  * 4 : to support the idea of a new market for the dutch industry , especially when it comes to goods that have been banned now by russia . 
  * 5 : to vote against the people that cry about corruption . 
  i 've really had enough of the dutch `` belerend vingertje '' ( freely translated , that pedantic finger waving a schoolteacher would do ) towards countries that they feel are lesser then themselves just cause they are culturally different . 
  sadly corruption east of germany and austria is a way of life , do i dare to say culture ? 
  this referendum will do nothing about it , no matter what the outcome is . 
  it will take generations to let go of this habit , everyone does it which is why it 's still so persistent . 
  do you want to be seen by a specialist earlier ? 
  you give them something under the table . 
  you want that document to be stamped today ? 
  you better give them something under the table . 
  you 're stopped for speeding ? 
  shake the police officer his hand with 20 euro . 
  it 's still such a big thing , cause basically everyone is involved not just the upper tier . 
  many swedes have been really passive and accepting for a looonng time . 
  my mother in law ( swedish and in sweden ) was one of them . 
  she the most accepting , love and peace for everyone type of woman . 
  she would post on facebook how these poor children need to be saved etc around august last year . 
  let me tell you a few months ago she started to speak up about it and i had to ask my husband what her rant was about , it seemed so odd ... she was now speaking against the artrocities that she was hearing about the whole situation and what is happening in the country . 
  it took a while but she had an eye opener it seemed . 
  i hope , if a woman like her start to shift , more people will too cause reality has changed and sweden has to change too . 
  head in the sand does no longer work but between people raising their voice on social media and politics to act on the cries of the population is still a huge gap . 
  quick , seek cover before he starts waving around his surstr\u00f6mming ( youtube if you not sure what it is haha ), 
  waiting for a wild swede to appear and display his disagreement, 
  swerabia, 
  that 's sounds nice but i wan na move `` back '' so to say cause my whole family is in poland and i 'm the only one here , but thanks for the offer , 
   you were registered for at least 5 years in the same district ( gmina ) where the land is , or a neighboring one well this one applies to me since i been registered with my mom since i dunno , 1997 or something but well yeah , not a farmer so this sucks :( * edit : oh shit , i thought one of these had to apply but now i read all of them have to apply . 
  rip my intentions . 
  wait , i was planning to buy a plot of land in the near future . 
  what 's that bill ? 
  oh you funny man :p ofc that was as a dutch female . 
  but yeh that just left me speechless to be honest . 
  rented a studio anyway and had a jewish landlord instead that had newspapers as tapestry and could only give him the money in cash , a bit odd . 
  well lem me tell you a funny one . 
  i had a traineeship in antwerp and was looking for a studio , female , dutch . 
  one landlord had a thing against dutch i suppose cause he flatout told me he rather give his flat to marrocans then dutch and that was that . 
  up birth rates up you go !, 
   free time that 's something they got plenty of tho , 
  yes because they all will go back sooner or later right ? 
  yes much like obama threatening syria with the red line about their chemical weapons usage yet when it was discovered sarin was actually used obama was nowhere to be found . 
  depends , the dutch cancel your passport iirc and stop your welfare if you join isis . 
   islam deserves no territory . 
  the only place it deserves to be is beneath the sea . 
  that 're some strong words stranger, 
  yes a stern talking to ... !, 
  oh lem me move along then , thanks anyway , 
  now you made me curious to know what was there before d :, 
  also 9 out of 10 accidents in cities either involves a belgian ( most cases ) or german . 
  belgians really have a hard time on our roads , roundabouts are really hard to understand for some reason :'), 
   godverdomme ~ god be damned god verdom me = god verdom mij aka god damn me . 
  just slightly different ,
