  maybe the daily mail made it up , would n't be surprised in the wake of everything tbh . 
  one of their headlines now says : `` were we hypnotised into leaving the eu ? 
  ukip 's leave campaign consulted tv star paul mckenna over brexit promotional videos '' i mean ... top class journalism ? 
  it was a referendum not an election . 
  it literally was already said from the get go it was n't binding . 
  i tried to link it but now got a message it got removed cause it was from the daily mail . 
  i 'm not sure about all the banks leaving tho . 
  yes they might have to downsize and move some of it to a city within the eu but , even tho i 'm on the remain side , i do n't think it 's going to be a bloodshed ( i hope for you guys ) . 
  he was quite visible and outspoken to be fair . 
  one could argue it is unreasonable if you know that the very second the campaign is over you will have to backtrack on your words ? 
  the amount is wrong even the people campaigning for it are backtracking , farage himself called it a mistake . 
  finances are a bit too early to determine really , depends on how internal politics develop , when and how article 50 is triggered , what deal the uk gets etc. 
  but it 's a fundamentaly wrong claim to begin with ? 
  fair enough they want to address it as an alternative but do n't exaggerate it to the point that it 's literally bus size . 
  funny to me is that the nhs 350 million claimers ca n't even agree amongst themselves . 
  100 million , more , less ... anything ? 
  oh right , silly czechski , 
  is n't it referenda ? 
  did i make a baddy ? 
  the highlights segment at the end of the year gon na be a seperate show themselves rather than a 15 minute `` remember when this happened '' filler thing . 
  good job wales , so you wanted to stay in euro after all huh . 
  exactly !, 
  `` 34 more referenda could be triggered throughout europe following brexit '' bitch , sit your ass down , there are n't even 34 countries left in the eu . 
  uk saving the continent one referendum at a time . 
  nah you just spewing more shit, 
  i have the same feeling whenever it keeps being brought up `` people want a nexit '' in the media . 
  no we do n't , there is no majority in the parlement . 
  polls show time and time again there is no majority in our population either but it takes one blonde bozo tooting his own horn and being loudmouth and there we go , media all over the place are saying `` netherlands wants out '', 
  apples and oranges ... 
  34 more referenda coming !!!, 
  ( despite being 27 countries left in the eu now ), 
   we would be done for for decades if we left the single eu market . 
  i had a discussion about this on a czech forum , and i think the reason people deny this is that they just do n't believe experts , especially economists . 
  i see a pattern here ... 
  the dutch radio right after brexit said it were 80.000 pages of law , regulations and agreements but , as it is from the radio , i ca n't provide you a link obviously . 
  or maybe these laws have been laid our decades ago and are supposed to be a script to which everyone is held to ? 
  this is a skit , it 's fake ... 
  * puts on `` it 's my party '' quietly in the background *, 
  well , er ... you know , i would n't be able to tell you anything about that . 
  now leave me alone , i 'm tired !, 
  fair enough but this is also a guy that gambled with many people 's futures , our jobs , pensions etc. 
  it 's still politics i guess but rather shitty . 
  serious question . 
  do we need to feel sorry ? 
  by the time this circus is over i 'll have to shed a few pounds . 
  my popcorn consumption is through the roof lately . 
  i actually find this funny : - e, 
  what is this bullshit , so what they been eliminated ? 
  this . 
  there is no political interest in a referendum . 
  even so , it would be not binding and our politicians have a track record of ignoring referenda . 
  this thing with the netherlands needs to be put to bed . 
  i admire the perseverance . 
  i guess it ai n't over till it 's over ( how slim the chance is tho ), 
  is it a pissing contest tho who has it the worst ? 
  are n't both just bad , period ? 
  sounds like those excuses you hear often when it comes to abuse at home : oh well it 's just words , not like he stomped you , has he ? 
  both should just not happen in a society like ours . 
  it is n't singled out tho . 
  next example : a polish cultural center got spray painted that they should leave ( mind you this cultural center exist for about 60 years and given to them after the war ... you know the one where polish helped the brits ) . 
  polish people have been getting cards in their letter box saying they should get out cause they are vermin etc etc. 
  thank you for saying this . 
  i been tried to explain before that there is a difference in dna but that did n't go down well ( untill i presented the the haplogroup map , 
  did n't they do that upon their own request tho ? 
  that 's what the referendum is all about `` we do n't need them , we did n't elect them and neither do we need the immigrants '' . 
  what do you mean with `` this kind '' . 
  hahaha that one is actually funny . 
  thanks for linking it :d, 
  it 's not because you were having a referendum . 
  this is not a special thing that happened . 
  the dutch had one even this year as well . 
  throughout the recent history many more countries had a referendum on several things within the eu . 
  the problem lies more in how the uk politicians are handling the outcome of the referendum . 
  there is no plan from any politician how to react to this , tossing it around like a hot potato . 
  meanwhile , people 's jobs are at stake , pensions , mortgages , on both sides . 
  the uk knows the policies of the eu , they bloody were there and agreed when they were made !, 
  i actually rather hope this does n't become again another political game where the uk knows what options they can push only to be shot down and turn their backs again and say `` see this damn eu wo n't cooperate with us , this is why we left ! '', 
  this is like a bad break up ... uk : i 'm leaving you , this is only for the best !, 
  * eu : stares in disbelieve and shock * uk : right , let me go pack my things uk : - slowly shuffles towards the door reluctantly - * eu : opens door * uk : - turns around - ok fine , it was n't all your fault , do we really need to rush into this ? '', 
  but how ?!, 
  the daily mail told me she got snubbed !, 
  one can call it punishment the other , consequences, 
  saaaddd and weird too :(, 
  you are still an unionist but this time for a different union , 
  http://www.3fm.nl/knopje i suggest it 's better if we just build a bridge to the uk , make it into a dutch province and keep you in the eu that way , clearly your people ca n't manage yourself , 
  you know what 's also funny . 
  people that actively voted for this guy to be there to `` take the piss out of the eu '' . 
  meanhwile , while being there he is in the fishing commitee ( you know the one that came through with these fishing rules that the uk hates ) and he joins for 1 session . 
  the eu is blaimed for the quotas , this guy did nothing to help your own case ( the uk i mean ) and then also manages to rake up 17 months of a royal handshake , but hey it sure was funny . 
  the people that voted for this guy are still the average stella drinker unless they make something out of it , not thanks to mirage but they sure showed the eu , blimey !, 
  the only one laughing here is mirage , all the way to the bank . 
  i still love the british people < 3 due to wow i 've met many and made many british friends but to be quite fair i 'm really sceptical about coming over during the summer for a pint . 
  i will have an accent too and i do not want to second guessing if i should or should n't go order a beer in the pub . 
  i know i 'm only coming over from the netherlands and if anything they 'll probably be like `` oh it 's ok , you one of the good ones '' , but that would be just as bad wo n't it ? 
  bitching and moaning about politics will never go out of fashion . 
  the majority in our government is against a referendum so all in all ... 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  i keep hearing for the netherlands leaving but it 's not gon na happen and neither will there be a referendum ? 
  can confirm , the netherlands as well ... nothing happened lol . 
  a lot of pent up frustration can be attributed as well that the eu has functioned as a scapegoat , meanwhile overlooking the doings of your own government and those wo n't say a peep cause it 's nice to be able to shove all blame to another party .
