  feels weird seeing this :( stay safe swedish bros, 
  i believe it was $ 1000, 
  good luck  according to him they did n't even ask why or gave him a hard time so you should be fine if you go ahead with it . 
  ok so i got a message back saying it 's not hard to get rid of the turkish nationality , some time ago , with erdogan going a bit coocoo i do n't know if that 's still the case but what he says is : 1 you need to have another nationality otherwise , well ... you 'll be nothing and that 's not possible 2 if you are a guy you need to have bought off your army service or postponed it . 
  3 go to the website of the consulate ( we do n't have a embassy i think here in nl ) 4 download a form , it will give you all the information that you need when it comes to additional paperwork 5 send back the information and they will ask to come to the consulate or embassy where you also need to bring your passport . 
  6 they will make your passport and id void by punching holes and you get a document that states that you no longer hold the turkish nationality . 
  it really didnt take that long , costed about 80 euro but he was n't exact sure about that number , not a lot at least and it was easier then people make it out to be . 
  nah let me app him , stay tuned , 
  my ex has renounced his turkish citizenship , he has only the dutch nationality now . 
  i know it took a while and what process he went through i am unsure about ( i can ask for the ones interested ) but it 's definitely possible . 
  team s\u00fcd yo . 
  that 's where it 's at, 
  the level of pettiness in politics these is really something else . 
  the world has gone bonkers . 
  i do n't understand why you getting your panties in a twist , i 'm not telling you you 're something when it literally says `` if you are surprised '' ... ? 
  are you looking for concrete answers , backed up by science on something that is a sentiment ? 
  but why not ? 
  as a continent we 've been through a lot , the eu has helped all of us to reach new heights . 
  we moved on from going to war with each to a bond that looks out for us to improve the quality of our lives and stability . 
  if anything , if you 're surprised by this , it seems to enforce the idea that many british are still very isolationist in their thinking . 
  feels before reels, 
  the video that someone linked here from youtube , gives the exact same 2 links . 
  found that a funny coincidence . 
  you the same guy that posted this under the youtube video too ? 
  well if you send shit like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blil-trxhke you should not be too surprised lol, 
  pulls my heartstrings this . 
  hope he recovers swiftly and the ass holes that did this get a hefty punishment, 
  still not over that snub, 
  do n't worry they will have you know , 
  which was taken on a national holiday right ? 
  that 's the same everywhere i think [ flags are cool !, 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcssmai9h7mjo1svenzxh0v1rzx7iy7jvgcnvpgdnzi82joa1vz - ), 
  petty level : turkey, 
  to be fair , and i will say this carefully because i 'm obviously not an expert ( ha ) on it nor do i live in your country , but i feel many of your structural issues seem to stem from choices made in your countries past . 
  not gon na say eu had no influence in the uk obviously but it feels like they were very good at pointing towards brussels and riling the sentiment up meanwhile on the background the class division increased , benefits eroded , wages stagnated etc. 
  how much of that is to be attributed to eu policies ? 
  honestly i do n't know but i think it 's unfair of the * amount * brussels is blamed for when in reality the shit is happening in the own backyard . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is the turkish guy i had a convo with once about living abroad as a turk ( i 'm a `` foreigner '' too but not turkish ) and feeling like you do not belong in the `` new '' country ( despite being born there ) and integration in some thread some time ago . 
  if i remember correctly he did say he basically surrounds himself with turkish people , family or otherwise . 
  listens to turkish media , watches turkish tv only and me saying that it 's not weird that anyone would have a hard time integrating if you live in a bubble created by your `` old country '' and such an image is not realistic if you only know it from holidays . 
  godsake how much more tweaking did you want ? 
  you had plenty of opt outs as it was so i have no idea what it is you wanted to have more or less of . 
  do n't get me wrong i had no issues having you guys in the eu . 
  but on the mainland it seemed every time the uk piped up it they got whatever they wanted and were still mad it did n't come with a golden spoon or something . 
  he 's turkish , i guess the latest events must 've gotten to him, 
  yeah i understand , i have the same in my family to lesser extent . 
  my brother is 8 years younger and born in the netherlands , i was born behind the iron curtain , mom is polish and we lived in the ddr but left in 1986 . 
  he always throws it under my feet `` oh you leftie , you 'd hug all them foreigners if you could would n't you '' . 
  i try to explain that i am not a hypocrite and intent to raise the drawbridge being a first generation immigrant myself . 
  i agree that there should be regulations which the eu needs to set up so i vote for a pro eu party not someone that would love to throw them all out and lock the door . 
  and then you get a reply like `` well it worked back then as well did n't it , you should know '' . 
  yes because we should aim for going back into a time where trying to make it across is a risk of being caught , deported and going to jail or just being shot in worst case . 
  it was an accomplishment that we evolved from there , regression would be a defeat in my eyes . 
  soooo yeah we also have a substantial difference between the 2 of us , be a bit different from the brexit situation . 
  though i 'm sure he 'd love the netherlands to do the same , i do n't know , i am trying to avoid talking politics all together these days . 
  now you just sieving for excuses mate . 
  the nord stream 2 project started already in 2012 and is totally irrelevant to the new government . 
  edit : let me make it more precise : in june 2015 , gazprom , e.on , shell , and omv signed the memorandum of intent providing for the joint construction of two strings of nord stream 2 . 
  in september 2015 , gazprom , basf/wintershall , engie , e.on , omv , and shell signed the shareholders agreement to build the nord stream 2 gas pipeline system . 
  elections happened in october so all the ground work and agreements were already on the table before the elections . 
  no lot you can stay . 
  unless something happens ... then they all know eachother lol, 
  i often browse it just to read that banter , loves it . 
  nah man it 's after office hours . 
  what if she ran out of stamps ? 
  * sigh * i 'm gon na be taking a shower in 20 minutes and pretend it 's all the british rain to commemorate you silly islanders . 
  you do n't think there is a trade off ? 
  we scratch your back and you scratch ours . 
  no free money anywhere . 
  you can add shampoo , washing powder , dish washing soap etc also to that list . 
  the polish football union needs to take notes and rig the next championship , seems football is a more effective aphrodisiac than a 500 zl program, 
  yeah but you did n't really specify that , you said you always associate islam with over the top hygiene . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  http://www.nottinghampost.com/nottingham-kebab-shop-owners-sentenced-140/story-27854987-detail/story.html and the internet is riddled with these rapports . 
  turkey please ... 
  she should 've paid with monopoly money as a mere gesture . 
  you have an american flair , what is your connection to the eu ? 
  ( just asking out of interest , no shady motives here ), 
  i thought it was like a family effort , rather then a real gang with a mobster boss o_o those houses are pretty bombastic and tacky to be fair , really over the top ( in my idea ) . 
  i guess it 's a cultural difference . 
  well the begging is real , years ago they were also in poland with their cards that they would give you that had some kind of sad story on it . 
  it was especially in fashion to do that when people came out of church on sundays . 
  wait , is this a thing ? 
  well i 'm going by what my romanian friend told me and frankly i 've heard about gypsy `` gangs '' going abroad to tourist heavy cities to beg . 
  wo n't say i have been to one in a while so i can not confirm anything . 
  however ... if this is true let 's do some math . 
  lets say there 's 8 women and kids that make 6 euro an hour , that 's together 48 euro an hour . 
  10 hours a day is 480 euro and they do this for a month = 14.400 euro . 
  that is by any standard a good income and i can imagine a euro gives you more spending power in romania than the netherlands . 
  well i was actually wondering if they build these houses themselves ? 
  ( and thank you for the background info ), 
  what sounds made up ? 
  that sounds interesting . 
  got a link ? 
  well i 've seen also gypsies in poland but they lived in shacks or generally speaking deplorable conditions so i never thought these ones belonged to roma families . 
  maybe i have n't looked in the right places though . 
  i had to do a double take on that one too ... like ... why ? 
  aww ... happy friendship day hungarian bros , 
  who has the time tho to be fiddling with those pots and flowers i think from a practical point of view lol . 
  good thing some people do care because it looks gorgeous .
