  as the brexit upheaval starts to reverberate across the globe , supporters of the islamic state are celebrating online in forums and social media , proclaiming , `` europe is destroyed ! '', 
  upvote for inselaffen, 
  and limburgs , 
  he can fuck right off, 
  colour me shocked . 
  go home you 're ... sleepy ? 
  i am not sure what u are trying to say here ... 
  most of them who voted out wo n't live to see that d :, 
  i didnt experience it yet ? 
  honey i lived during commie times , i stood in plenty of queues in my life . 
  what a weird comment . 
  meh i hope this does n't lead to queues at the border when we go on holiday . 
  good luck brits !, 
  hope to see you again at the end of the tunnel after today , 
  he sounds like he got rabies lmao . 
  but congrats iceland , it 's insane what you did , just amazing !, 
  hmm makes sense . 
  my husband wanted to live in luxemburg but after i sent him a pic of real estates prices over whatsapp he quickly changed his mind . 
  it happens in this region too , people looking at either belgium or germany . 
  just as a question . 
  i been to lux city twice and saw real estates prices . 
  how can you afford these kind of prices being couple of let 's say shop attendant and car mechanic ? 
  do you guys really earn that much ? 
  thank you !, 
  well i also would like to know ... 
  that 's a real life soap i would watch . 
  inappropriate comments , grumps , awkward silences ... loves it . 
  how come greece did n't give the truthful figures before they joined the euro so this mess could 've been avoided ? 
  i 'd say we make more land west and build a bridge to england . 
  * sigh * details , details ... 
  you do n't need tell anyone about the job part tho ( \u0361\u1d54 \u035c\u0296 \u0361\u1d54 ), 
   carpet bombing is an outdated tactics of huge and stupid armies . 
  fits the bill does n't it ? 
  aww sorry to dissapoint you 2 but it 's russia :(, 
  make em settle in wallonia  , 
  cluster munitions are not illegal in russia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_on_cluster_munitions . 
  they never signed the treaty . 
  well many countries have a signed a treaty that prohibits the use , transfer and stockpile of cluster bombs . 
  guess who is n't one of them d :, 
  netherlands , stop it already , we 're jam packed as it is . 
  ok ok now it 's my turn * clears throat * the decision is yours , but i would like you to know that i am proud to stand with you as a member of the european union . 
  stand up for the boys in green . 
  sweet and short : embarrassing, 
  i do n't think he give it that much thought to be honest . 
  you have to realise , sometimes people get conditions written up by doctors that will allow them to get on a list where they can take certain drugs and get away with it . 
  it 's a big thing in cycling for example where almost everyone has asthma on paper . 
  did i not get the memo ? 
  what is your source on that ? 
  cause they ca n't even enter without a hassle let alone them getting into the eu . 
  funny cause i 'm from the down south next to slovakia and here nobody has issues with slovaks , at least nobody i know . 
  they do love to make fun of the czechs tho . 
  i understand that principal but it 's not like we havent had our share of trading boycots either . 
  not sure if the eu one is still in place . 
  not just poland but europe needs to try to avoid needing russia for anything to be honest . 
  some people do n't do that well if they have power over others . 
  not that i have anyone in mind ... \u0ca0 \u2323 \u0ca0, 
  yes but the last time they used power against poland it did n't end up so well so let 's hope they just do n't change their mind , 
  are you male ? 
  me as female i would never go there . 
  funny to think in this day and age , social networks are a stasi wet dream . 
  back then we would guard our lives as much as we could . 
  now we all want to be seen all across the world . 
  quite possible yes , which is maybe the reason we were granted a permission to stay . 
  i will check with my mom tonight what her plans were . 
  i remember my mom still being sceptical , even after the wall fell . 
  we went to poland for the first time , december 1989 and to be sure we avoided eastern germany and went through czechia instead . 
  thinking back about it , i had no idea about the implications of being sent `` home '' . 
  my mum must 've been terrified of returning to the ddr after an escape . 
  it would guarantee of her and me being sent to prison , seperated from each other . 
  if you wan na put it that way , economic migrants . 
  she was followed ( like many i would like to add ) but not prosecuted . 
  they did indeed . 
  one time the brother in law of that dutch trucker came over to say that his son , who was in the army , got called in by his superior and got questioned why his uncle helped a woman with child escape the ddr and that guy did n't even know his uncle did that in the first place . 
  somehow , even without internet and all that all this information was passed around on the back ground . 
  nobody did to be honest . 
  it was just the communistic delusion that placed themselves over capitalistic west . 
  sorry , i had to go to bed  but yeah sure . 
  well we made a round trip with a dutch trucker my mom met in a restaurant ( yes she wanted out that badly ) . 
  not like the first time of them meeting tho . 
  he used to drive regularly in the area and my mom would be in the restaurant where her sister works and also happened to be visited a lot by passing truckers . 
  so we got picked up in poland . 
  through slovakia , hungary and then austria and germany to end up in the netherlands . 
  we basically left it all behind , no bagage but some clothes in a backpack , a few pictures and my health booklet . 
  that 's a booklet all children had and looked as commie as they come . 
  a red one with a hammer and sickle on the front . 
  i still have it . 
  i thought we were on a nice trip to be honest till i asked my mom when we were going home and she said `` never '' . 
  i got a bit sad and questioned what would happen with my room , my toys , i would never see my friends again or go to school ? 
  when we arrived in the netherlands i was placed back a year into kindergarten because i did n't speak the language and one day my mom would tell me that it would be my last day in kindergarten cause we were going to be send back . 
  so i said goodbye to the children and school only to find out when i came back that at the last minute a permission to stay was granted . 
  obviously my mom and that guy were in contact with a lawyer to make that all possible . 
  then a few months later we received a letter from the ddr saying we were traitors and not welcome anymore into the country . 
  i still remember my mom laughing about reading that letter , as if we had any desire to go back . 
  later she also found out that she is in the stasi documents because she would travel often between the communistic countries . 
  this really hits home for me . 
  i left in 1986 with my mother . 
  edit : i opened an ama if anyone is interested https://www.reddit.com/r/ama/comments/4nftbu/i_grew_up_in_the_ddr_and_communist_poland_ama/, 
  from what i hear from my german colleagues the country is n't really flexible in providing facilities for moms to actually go and work while having children . 
  you get help from the government every month for each and every child that you are forgetting . 
  that does not exist in many countries .
