  is that what the daily mail told you ? 
  the average european i know does not think about the uk , we got our own lives to sort out if you do n't mind . 
  the education and healthcare has to be paid some way , 
  it has nothing to do with the language tho but the migration, 
  nope there is a slavic gene . 
  well haplogroup to be more exact . 
  funny enough , poland has the highest concentration in europe . 
  this is how the distrubution looks like . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/75/distribution_haplogroup_r1a_y-dna.svg/800px-distribution_haplogroup_r1a_y-dna.svg.png https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_r1a1, 
  do n't worry , it 's probably the age * starts running *, 
  ok ok do n't break your hip paps  in heerlen or in haarlem cause now you are just confuzzling me . 
  if you 're above 30 +5 i will retract it  never been to haarlem but i 'll take your word for it !, 
  hey watch your mouth young man, 
  i actually heard on the news on the radio that they were indeed draining that water to a 2nd porous pipe so it could a : get off the streets faster and b : get absorbed by the earth in a controlled way . 
  65 % ... is that enough to pass ? 
  79 % woooh i 'm in folks !, 
  well this year that 's an easy question ... 
  nobody gets called a hollander in limburg unless ... they 're a hollander , 
  well i can tell you from own experience as a first generationer . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  you are fluent in both languages , you have traditions of both countries . 
  the country you live in calls you a pole ( in my case ) . 
  in poland they call me a dutchie . 
  mentally i 'm sometimes restless cause i belong to both and nobody at the same time and i think most people want to belong to someone or some nation . 
  in poland i sometimes miss `` home '' and in the netherlands vice versa . 
  it 's a mess . 
  2nd that , do an ama please !, 
  i was just messing with you  i remembered that from my childhood while driving through romania and me asking my mom why those ladies were holding their windows . 
  you do n't have to hold your wind shield anymore while driving ? 
  france , you ... dissapoint son !, 
  yes , do n't you know , polish people are both known to steal the jobs and also be the ass holes to be living of benefits ... 
  as someone from deep south east of poland i 'd say slovakia first and ukraine second . 
  but as i live now in the netherlands i 'd say belgian limburg . 
  it 's funny how we both have the same dialect even tho we 're from a different country . 
  not all words are the same as the belgians will have more french odd words in between but generally speaking we get along best . 
  the northeners as a second but they are just louder , more cocky and speak with a daft g gggggggg . 
  the uk even above poland ? 
  that 's a shocker tbh . 
  the polish could even hide behind religion if it came down to it but what the excuse for the uk ? 
  hey hey hey , keep those suggestions to yourself . 
  just work from home , that way you never have to leave your safe cocoon , 
  the chances are very slim :p, 
  ( you missed the taxes part of 2.3 billion ) yes it does but i guess generally speaking lung cancer is not a disease you spend a lot of time on cause the mortality rates within 4 years are about 80-90 % if i remember correctly . 
  ( here 's the clip of them counting , see 38:20 ish ) http://www.npo.nl/de-rekenkamer/04-03-2011/kro_1431243, 
  i know but zoervleis is just how it goes by even tho it 's sweeter https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoervleis, 
  assholes like that is what ruin a reputation . 
  that must be more of a belgian thing , 
  you know , snacks . 
  kroket , frikandel for example of `` zuur vlees '' ( stoofvlees '' ), 
  will you take my dutch sources ? 
  :( in nederland rookt 27,5 % . 
  * tl : dr smokers `` earn '' the country in 1.5 billion euro per year . 
  they die earlier by average of 4 years so less pension payment of 1.2 billion and 600 million less for healthcare . 
  230 million by of the tabacco industry employment / creating jobs . 
  2.3 billion on taxes . 
  the costs are 2.4 billion per year * https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/roken_%28tabak%29 http://www.stoprokenvandaag.nl/tabak-roken-en-tabaksindustrie/wat-kost-roken-de-nederlands-maatsschappij/, 
  what ... who eats americain with fries ? 
  poland , russia , whatever ... all the same . 
  the negatives outweigh the positives in this case ... and it 's good . 
  smokers pay more in tax then what they take out . 
  the fact that you getting downvoted for such an elaborate post with receipts and all smh, 
  before , but i would n't be surprised of someone being in the field for maybe 10 years that will be close to getting that amount netto . 
  especially if you keep doing courses increase your personal value . 
  you mean like any other human being in history that aspired more ? 
  nobody is altruistic , that has nothing to do with christianity in itself . 
  we might have hugged it to death : the server encountered an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request . 
  i hope he added some aloe vera wipes as tip to cool the burns he been dishing out . 
   also putting aside rape cases and health issues . 
  let 's assume healthy woman , healthy fetus , no rape , no one talks with her ? 
  advise her ? 
  maybe she needs help , attention ? 
  or is abortion treated just like headache ? 
  i think you think too litle of women if you assume it 's treated like headache . 
  it 's a big decision regardless of legality . 
  the legal aspect just means it can be done in a controled environment without endangering the womans health or social status . 
  i can only speak for the netherlands but if you look up the average age of having children , teen pregnancies etc it will give you an estamation of how conscious people are having sex generally speaking . 
  when you go in for an abortion and it 's under 16 days of you `` being late '' and you had a positive test you will be seen by a doctor and most often get a cocktail of medication to stop the development of the pregnancy ( up til 9 weeks ) . 
  after those 16 days they are by law obliged to give you 5 days of `` reconsideration period '' before the procedure is being carried out . 
  we do allow terminations in the 2nd trimester when you get a check up in the hospitals and basically find out that your child has something that is just not reconcilable with life . 
  and by that i do n't mean it has an extra toe or something but like , missing brain and organs , heart issues etc. 
  otherwise in an abortion clinic it 's only done til 12 weeks . 
  no worries man , hit me up if you have more questions . 
  just as one example , nordstream 2 line . 
  germany accepting gas from russia freely ( despite an embargo or sanctions that we put on them ) bypassing the baltic states and poland where that gas and industry would also be appreciated . 
  besides would n't that logistically be the most sensible route anyway ? 
  but nope , transit routes cuts all of them out so when putin desides he wants to fuck these countries over that would be no problem or influence on germany because they made sure they got their pipeline . 
  in best case these countries will have to turn to germany to get their gas , ofcourse for a nice price since germany is not santa either , so much for solidarity . 
  depends . 
  many companies have english as their company language so everyone is supposed to speak english with each other at least in written communication and not knowing dutch would be a bit meh but you 'd be fine anyway . 
  some companies even offer language courses to their staff . 
  but companies that operate only on national level language will be a deal breaker . 
  luckily we are a country that is dependant on our relations with other countries since we 're so small so finding a job in your field with only english should be fine . 
  once you 're done i 'd say upload your cv to monsterboard.nl and jobbird.com and start fishing . 
  good luck !, 
  yes no worries , my swedish man moved to the netherlands 3 years ago and still is not fluent . 
  not that he doesnt want to and he wants me to speak dutch but i 'm just used to speaking english to him so it 's both our faults i suppose . 
  his colleagues do speak dutch to him mostly and he watches our tv and news to learn the language , you should be absolutely fine , 
  netherlands is happy to have you , 
  welp , i know that place , married to someone from stockholm . 
  i 've eaten at that mcd you see in that pic and took pictures on the square , had a few drinks at that caf\u00e9 across the street .
