   however my solution would be to encourage single mothers to give their children up for adoption by good healthy couples who ca n't have kids , if the kids are young enough for it ( 0-4 years old or so ) . 
  for older kids welfare support is probably the best option . 
  you are out of your mind . 
  that 's not even taking into consideration the arranged marriage remark . 
  what kind of monster are you . 
   do n't ever feel guilty , you did n't do anything wrong and truth be told women will always be shamed for everything and anything under the sun so just learn to detach from it . 
  who cares what anyone thinks ? 
  maybe wars and rape is n't good for society ? 
  oh wait , that 's just men being men do n't worry i am detached from it , i just was very sober when it came to my situation but many are n't because it is a struggle to just balance everything . 
  in my case i would 've had more income going on benefits for a few years rather then working because it meant cutting myself in the wallet for 120 euro every month because of child care and no child support from the father . 
  it did cross my mind , what mother does not want to be with their child ? 
  but i knew children will not be small forever , i would have a pension gap and a gap on my cv if i did not just clench my teeth and kept it moving . 
  she 's a teen now and those years have paid off in the long turn because i was able to move up in society and getting a good job that probably was not something i would 've achieved if i would 've stayed at home those 4 years and she did not became fucked up either so i guess we were just lucky ( / s ), 
  i 'm sorry that you feel you missed out as a child of a single mother , i have been a single mom for many years and your statement is rather brash . 
  let me tell you , as i am speaking from experience , many single moms are not so by choice . 
  it 's nice to be able to split responsibilities and worries and most of them do their best to make it work with the power and tools they have . 
  without a support system it 's a struggle to work full time , be a good mom , house wife , provider and nurturer . 
  a sense of guilt is always present because many will feel they are always underperforming in their own eyes , in one or multiple areas , and the eyes of society whether it 's true or not . 
  and i think it 's better you accept that this phenomenon is an increasing one . 
  with the church having less influence in peoples homes and lives , more people get divorced and more often than not it 's the women that will take care of the children . 
  allow them to be a fully participating member of society without roadblocks like childcare to be there , there are plenty of those that want to but do n't have the means . 
  they should not be punished for a failed relationship or marriage when they have the biggest burden after such occurence . 
  they already giving it away with them 500zl program . 
  might was well fund something substantionally instead of those that are on the bottom of society and see it as a carte blanche to go at it like rabbits because ... money and worries are for later . 
  instead of giving 500 zl to the people that breed like rabbits they should invest in a nordic model where you have child care facilities at work or close to work state funded . 
  there is no incentive to work if you day care pay is close to what you make every month ( this would also greatly benefit single moms ) . 
  decrease the childrens `` allowance '' for the first 2 , since you are paying for the child care already and increase the child subsidy from the 3rd and onwards would be my suggestion . 
  hope you 're enjoying our continent , 
  this is the photo handshake moment . 
  let 's not act that it would be something brand new or brand new to him . 
  yes it 's always been awkward but at least he did it now he did n't even so much as look at her direction . 
  you think he 's gon na address this if he feels he did everything correct ? 
  ofc not why would he do that . 
   i 'm not fan of trump are you sure about that ? 
  you been jumping to his defense here left right and center . 
  obviously ? 
  what you suggest , they do it all over again to make it more clear ? 
  the time has come : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulfukueutiu, 
  do n't worry it 's appreciated . 
  i dunno why there seem a few here that want to appease trump like they owe him money . 
  he did ... clearly : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulfukueutiu, 
  ok so exactly as i thought . 
  what a fucking moron . 
  nice display in lack of class . 
  he clearly does n't see her as an equal or someone he wants to be at least cordial with , seeing how he talks about the eu . 
  everyone knows at that press moment their is a handshake , even he does because he 's sat there before . 
  i believe she asks for one as well after hearing the journalists asking for a handshake but he clearly just snubbing her like some kind of overlord . 
  fuck that . 
  yes but wilders shouts louder . 
  mind you i live in such an area in the `` mijnstreek '' which used to have the mines and in a typical `` workersneighbourhood '' . 
  not because we have to , my husband and i have a decent job and we 're doing well enough that either one of us can support the household if something happens to the other , but like i said , it 's cheap . 
  i also volunteer as a budget coach to help people in those fringe circles in our neighbourhood for a non-profit organisation because of my background in that area of expertise . 
  so i often meet people in their homes . 
  what i hear a lot is `` they are letting in everyone but i 'm getting shortened every year on my health care subsidy , renting subsidy and everything gets more expensive '' . 
  they look at lot to the hague , what they are doing but more so what they are not doing and in their eyes it 's taking care of them . 
  wilders has become their spokesperson since he basically repeats exactly what they are saying on a daily basis . 
  some of it it true . 
  nobody from the politics wants to come to our areas , there has been no signal that investments or planning has been done to help these areas long term and when they are hearing that our economy is growing , we 're doing better ... they ca n't help but think `` for whom ? '', 
  if that 's the case why are they being cut every year ? 
  it does n't help that a sense of disgruntlement and entitlement has been developed last few generations because of the closing of the mines some decades ago . 
  `` they fucked us over so they fix us as well ! '', 
  resulting in doing the bare minimum if possible because `` they '' ( the refugees/immigrants that are getting placed in empty rental houses ) get everything so the government better give me some of that too . 
  i replied this already yesterday to someone wonder the same about why many voted here the way they voted so let me be lazy and say the same to you . 
  people down here feel marginalised and isolated , geography does not help but that 's only part of it and partially is to be blamed on people as well but ... history . 
  many of those voters do not go outside of limburg because they feel people do n't like them and they hate people of the north because they always think so little of them . 
  so you get pockets of isolated people that have a kalimero problem ( do n't know if you remember that one ) and feel abandoned by the elite . 
  mind you , we have a big community that still feels resentment over closing of the mines and just having changes like that force fed by the elites in the north . 
  one way to have your voice heard is to vote for a limburger that has all of the attention on him in the hague , which is wilders . 
  the guy that `` talks for the regular guy that has little '' . 
  blue collar areas always feel like they are lagging behind the rest and often are resentful but being in a `` lower class '' area in limburg that distance is even bigger . 
  it 's good that rutte noticed this signal last night because this is a mere seed that has been planted and and it 's only going to get worse if there does not come a focus from the north . 
  areas like margraten-eijsden and gulpen-wittem will always back cda because that 's the rich farmers area and they always been a cda stronghold . 
  meerssen was vvd because ( i 'm speaking from general perception here ) those are the rich fuckers that work for the uni and academic hospital in maastricht but do n't wan na live in the town yet still want to be close . 
  but places like heerlen , landgraaf , kerkrade , vaals have little to offer nor a prospect to improve substantially which results in little jobs , low incomes , cheaper housing . 
  cheaper housing attracts other problems like weed plantations , prostitution where women are held against their will from all kind of countries ... also increased % of `` foreigners '' ( also because of cheaper housing mostly ) be it european or western ( 18.8 % ) and non western ( 18 % ) . 
  all in all a recipe for disaster for a group of people that feel so far removed from the view of the hague . 
  if you speak dutch this was an article of someone that investigated the sucess of wilders after the elections of 2010 ( where he had even more seats than now ) and there are points he made that i agree to based on ... living here basically . 
  these things have not changed , in fact , with the threat of terror around the corner ( im talking geographically ) , immigration etc i think it probably is even worse now . 
  the pvv also won in the municipality elections so it was n't really all too surprising to be honest . 
  because 2 popes can not be different ? 
  they are different people , ofc there will be a difference . 
  people actually have to make an effort to learn a language , some do some do n't , they are normal people too , 
  that is a bit uncalled for , great generalisations you got there . 
  for my `` gemeente ' or county it was the first time pvv won , normally they are an sp community . 
  but yes , there are a lot of people that voted for pvv down here , i was rather ashamed myself this morning but you can come off your high horse now . 
  i can only guess why people voted like they did and we discussed it as well at work here this morning . 
  people down here feel marginalised and isolated , geography does not help but that 's only part of it and partially is to be blamed on people as well but ... history . 
  many of those voters do not go outside of limburg because people hate them and they hate people of the north because they always think so little of them ( your comments are a great example of that ) . 
  so you get pockets of isolated people that have a kalimero problem ( do n't know if you remember that one ) and feel abandoned by the elite . 
  mind you , we have a big community that still feels resentment over closing of the mines and just having changes like that force fed by the elites in the north . 
  one way to have your voice heard is to vote for a limburger that has all of the attention on him in the hague , which is wilders . 
  the guy that `` talks for the regular guy that has little '' . 
  blue collar areas always feel like they are lagging behind the rest and often are resentful but being in a `` lower class '' area in limburg that distance is even bigger . 
  it 's good that rutte noticed this signal last night because this is a mere seed that has been planted and and it 's only going to get worse if there does not come a focus from the north . 
  areas like margraten-eijsden and gulpen-wittem will always back cda because that 's the rich farmers area and they always been a cda stronghold . 
  meerssen was vvd because ( i 'm speaking from general perception here ) those are the rich fuckers that work for the uni and academic hospital in maastricht but do n't wan na live in the town yet still want to be close . 
  but places like heerlen , landgraaf , kerkrade , vaals have little to offer nor a prospect to improve substantially which results in little jobs , low incomes , cheaper housing . 
  cheaper housing attracts other problems like weed plantations , prositution where women are held against their will from all kind of countries ... also increased % of `` foreigners '' be it european or western ( 18.8 % ) or non western ( 18 % ) . 
  all in all a recipe for disaster for a group of people that feel so far removed from the view of the hague . 
  sorry ... the post turned to be longer than i intended to .
