  he can be proud of his accomplishment . 
  it may still be work in progress but those times needed a steadfast leader with a good feeling for nuance and building bridges , which is what he did . 
  rest in peace mister kohl, 
  this is why i work in the netherlands for a french company . 
  it literally goes with `` een franse slag '' . 
  rats of the sky, 
  yeah but if you 'd see my flair , you 'd notice that that it would n't be an issue for me :p, 
  i think we should go back to those days , we need a bit of elbow space, 
  i 'll join that `` laughs in limburgs '', 
  not at all , my location is not in danger though , at least the most important parts of the country will survive . 
  ( i 'll start running now ), 
  did you forget the earthquake of 1992 ? 
  do n't worry , plenty of dykes left, 
   command of the polish language good luck with that one, 
  he wrote a column about it http://www.standard.co.uk/news/politics/boris-johnsons-article-backing-britains-future-in-the-eu-a3370296.html im at work now but i think i 've seen an interview with him as well being rather pro eu , you could check youtube cause i can not look for you at the moment , sorry . 
  been there , done that and she won too !, 
  yeah but he was also pro eu before and look what happened to that . 
  i thought i 'd see which one i found better and weirdly enough it was n't bbc . 
  ca n't help it :(, 
  watching both sky and bbc it feels like the bbc are a lot more biased towards the tories , weird . 
  should broadcasters not be independent ? 
  i think labour gained many snp votes though . 
  give them the question of independance and you could have different results . 
  it depends a bit on what happens with the negotiations i suppose . 
  waiting for that update , 
  bavarian flag , seems legit . 
  are you allowed to vote in a different county than your own ? 
  to the good old days, 
  and you guys need it to be honest . 
  goodness me , going to prague was fine but behind prague it was a disaster , good thing you are actually improving with the money you receive , some others should take notice * cough * romania * cough *, 
  i think it was more wishful thinking to be honest, 
  dutchies remember the one from 1992 ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w66f5949qak i remember waking up in the middle of the night because of the trembles and that deep grumbling sound and really being confused . 
  ( please ignore the last minute of that video lol ), 
  are you out of your damn mind ? 
  international waters ( \u203e \u0296\u032b \u203e ), 
  so you can distrubute them to the countries and because of schengen majority will pack and leave . 
  now that 's something that really needs to be addressed because it 's a real issue . 
  and here 's reality for the visegrad countries : accept muslims -  throw money at muslims -  empty appartments 2 days later = problem fixed, 
  i know it 's not easy and maybe i 'm just rambling but i 'm getting so sick and tired of hearing every damn time that everyone was informed , they all were monitored and yet month after month something happens and still notjhing changes : /, 
   italian authorities had arrested him and found isis material on his phone and computer , but it was n't enough to be arrested for terrorism this i do not understand and should change . 
  if they find kiddie porn on your neighbours pc he 's locked up ( rightfully so may i add ) and their leanings are clear . 
  finding isis material is not something you get by accident either , neither is isis hiding their intent and having such material on your pc should warrant more than monitoring . 
  it 's proven time and time again that monitoring alone is just not enough when each and every one of them is known and has had isis material . 
  my point was that he seemed to think that eu is just handing out money to poland like a philantropic institution ( obviously / s ) so i just wanted to make sure i 'd also get a slice of pie , or something else , i 'm not greedy . 
  you seem to be a typical pole however , asking straight for money again tsskk , 
  eu is like santa , maybe i should also write them a letter , 
  but that 's the general problem many people hate to address . 
  ukrainians in poland do not have issues because their both slavic so they share a somewhat common history and bits and pieces of culture , food etc. 
  same way a dutch person wo n't find it very difficult to move accross the border to germany . 
  there will always be differences but here you wo n't find any troubles either because of shared values etc. 
  however if we 're not allowed to address the fact that people from mena countries have nothing in common with with either the slavs or western european countries how are we gon na progress from this ? 
  it 's like trying to fit a square through a round hole . 
  our countries should 've learned from the mistakes that were made in the 70 's and adjust their course to ensure a better integration . 
  we 've had decades to do so for crying out loud but now it 's too late and we 're not allowed to address that elephant in the room because of the labels put on you if you do . 
  i felt that burn man , chill, 
  upvote for limburg, 
  the dutch are just claiming belgium again making the belgians flee to france . 
  maybe he ordered it custom made in china ? 
   as a former saab owner well ... yeah i mean ... who does that , 
  cocaine is hell of a drug kids, 
  yup our pool is out for refreshment otherwise i 'd be a puddle by now . 
  actually hiding inside for the moment cause it 's too hot . 
  yeah usually men shake each others hand first and then turn to the ladies is my experience ... as a woman , that is often quite annoyed by it but that 's beside the point . 
  i thought you were joking , then i looked at the picture ... 
  tell me when so i can stay in  you can come and try the most steep hill for funz http://i.vimeocdn.com/video/483290909_1280x720.jpg http://heuvelsfietsen.nl/profiles_r/gulpen-voerendaal/keutenberg.png, 
  come to the south of limburg to cycle if you miss the hills . 
  like many of the northerners i always get pissed off about cause i ca n't pass them with my car on the narrow roads lol, 
  but you can get most of it back through taxes when you study right ? 
  and i agree with you that we do pay a lot in taxes but i think we get a lot of it in return as well . 
  no place is perfect , especially when you not lived in another country and think the grass is always greener somewhere else . 
   once your baptized you 're in . 
  cant deregister , can only be kicked out of the church . 
  that 's not even true ... you can unregister . 
  they do ? 
  good cause i 'm actually getting hungry now , what time could they be here ? 
  yes so even the juries should automatically give each other 12 points , it 's not even the televotes cause it 's expected at this point . 
  depends where they live , 
  what about the polls that suggested remain was gon na win ? 
  wilders gained versus 4 years ago but lost versus the 2010 seats so did he really win ? 
  in the us as well seeing they did n't elect hillary ? 
  if that is the case why did n't you vote for hillary poster boy ? 
  i 'd like to go further with that though because being on your own is exciting as you say , but it 's even more fun to know you can be on your own and mistakes are ok to be made without having your life ruined because there is a back up system that will catch you when you fall . 
  that 's what i call freedom to be fair . 
  europeans also leave their homes ( countries vary on average age ) late teenage years/early 20s and mistakes can be made in those years , we all been young and stupid and i 'm happy many of us do n't have life long consequences ( or debts ) from our earlier years . 
  that 's almost as bad as a dutch couple in the netherlands leaving a greek restaurant without paying cause they already paid enough towards greece . 
  listen , you can say whatever you want but it 's up to the receiver/reader of any message to determine whether or not they are offended by a statement for whatever reason . 
  it 's not up to you to determine whether or not those feelings are legitimate . 
  no we do n't but that does n't mean you should be surprised by the downvotes ? 
  or being told that they are stuck in the dark ages, 
  i know so sad ... so for 12 days there will be only lassie episodes on the tv, 
  if it 's not the queen or philip ... maybe one of the corgis died ? 
  i got fuck all to do though , working in an international/european environment so nobody is calling , nobody is mailing , nice for a monday . 
  make oost en west-limburg great again !, 
  this should be made into a comedy, 
  you do n't need to know of a whole country to know that particular things like having devos is dangerous for the education of your future generations . 
  yes your future generations that will effect all of us whether we like it or not . 
  i was commenting on her rather then making a sweeping generalisation . 
  even you yourself aknowledged that dutch dutch are less conservative , religious fanatics and more open than the ones that are of dutch origin on your side . 
  progression is the key .
