  just stop mentioning it ... edit : * my bad i guess the / s was not detectable , learned my lesson *, 
   literally satan no literally hitler !, 
  * jk i 'm pro hillary if i have to pick between those 2 *, 
  wow , such a surprise everyone : o, 
  they even aired it on national tv there ... 
  i know , limbabwe always getting the short end of the stick , such is life, 
  maybe it 's just easier to organise a small country like ours , 
  you got my [ seal of approval ] ( http://media.treehugger.com/assets/images/2013/10/seal-of-approval-meme.jpg ) sir, 
  let me see if you pass the test : do you have a bike yet ? 
  not you stealing our jerbs already !, 
  :-o how 's amsterdam for you ? 
  well , half of you guys wanted to have nothing to do with the eu , i 'm an eu citizen . 
  why would i spend my money there when i got many other options that are more welcoming ? 
  besides i speak with an accent due to a background that many of your might find undesirable , . 
  i do n't feel the need to find out . 
  the reason why i said pub is because that 's exactly what happened to my cousin who was a seasonal worker for quite some years now . 
  all fun and games till people get drunk and a group of 5 surround 2 polish girls that just wanted to have a pint as well after a week of hard work . 
  instead of being protected they were asked to leave cause otherwise the regulars would 've gotten upset . 
  they did n't have to pay tho so there ya go . 
  now granted , not all pubs will be this way but none of them will have a sign saying `` we 're a pub with only nice people '', 
  those cheeky germans !, 
  jokes aside , amsterdam is a welcoming startup city and they been drooling at this opportunity so just jump across the pond , 
  how would they know tho if you are a tourist or someone living there if you just out for a meal for example ? 
  excuse me , i actually postponed my trip with my husband till more stable times . 
  i speak dutch or polish and i do not feel comfortable with the idea of going to a pub and revealing my accent while ordering or walking down the street . 
  maybe scotland instead , 
  i think watching it from the sidelines made us realise how often the eu is also used as a scapegoat at home as well . 
  if remain would 've won we would n't be seeing all the ugly politics come to the light . 
  i feel like she thinks she 's the next thatcher, 
   why is it soo hard for eu fanboys to just be honest ? 
  facts are on your side for once , why stretch the truth ? 
  come again ? 
  i do n't get what you are trying to say . 
  you have n't been into my town in poland i hear , where we still have regular brawls . 
  gypsies vs locals . 
  why would you not be able to leave the uk ? 
  are you sure ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/%c4%8c%c3%ad%c5%beov_ ( zaisa ) _ - _ preserved_part_of_iron_curtain . jpg, 
  where did you read germany here ? 
  i think it clearly states eu . 
  what on earth ... 8 ? 
  it 's almost like you have a certain disdain towards the working class or people from countries you consider less wealthy then uk or switzerland ... 
  yes those 2 countries were the only exception when it came to free movement for many countries . 
  does n't make his comment any less true . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not one of them , the uncertaintly must be nerve wrecking . 
  yes it is actually . 
  brain drain is a big thing and the population numbers are falling every year . 
   the reaction on this sub to the referendum result has only confirmed one thing for me , people on the continent really hate the uk . 
  how much time have you spent on the continent to come to such conclusion ? 
   what is with the cult like worship around the treaties or articles ? 
  are they infallible ? 
  spoken by god ? 
  set in stone ? 
  of course not , they we 're written by men and they can be changed . 
  what 's with the referendum ... is it infallible , spoken by god , set in stone ? 
  ofcourse not , and it can be ignored . 
  with that kind of rhetoric it can be spun in any way you want it . 
  yaaaasss gaga https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnop7xnwf4u, 
   to me it always sounds like people that are not content with their lives fail to take responsibility and just blame others instead . 
  this so much . 
  i see that a lot around here . 
  i 'm a budget management volunteer for the local community group . 
  so whenever i get a new case i go to peoples comes and the aim is to get their finances organised and on track again . 
  many people simply rely on government subsidies to get by so if these are being shortened , and it happens every year , people basically get outraged at the government . 
  the idea that maybe working full time instead of parttime is not a natural thought to increase their income or women that complain that life is tight because health insurances have increased but only their husband works and they got 4 mouths to feed . 
  the suggestion that maybe they could get a parttime job somewhere is not appriciated cause they rather want to be at home with their kids . 
  many poor choices which to them always seem externally and it 's the typical mindset here . 
  sorry but funding to the uk have been put on hold : /, 
  those penalties were artrocious . 
  yup , i live in a town ( hosted serious request last year ) in an area that is working class , generally speaking lower education and declining population . 
  from the local facebook group i see things coming by to the likes of : `` they should be taking care of our elderly first '' `` foreigners taking our jobs , they need to be sent back '' `` atleast geert takes a stand for us ( when something comes up in the news again '' . 
  `` we are being cut down on our benefits , meanwhile they are pampering the immigrants '' ( sounds familiar ? ), 
  nothing will ever be said to your face , well except from that one time my daughter crossed the street to the bakery after school and a guy on a moped yelled `` stomme pool '' to her and spat in her direction . 
  also one of the fathers of a girl with whome my daughter used to play football with posted on his facebook how the polish are stealing the jobs and borders should be shut . 
  he truly believes `` geertje '' would fix that for him . 
  now , technically we do n't need to live here , we earn just above $ 3900 after taxes ( my husband and i both work ) , our mortage is only 350 euro and otherwise we 're debt free so that in itself is our freedom , also a house this size in another location would cost double . 
  allthough i must admit , it 's getting increasingly depressing around here . 
  i 'm a bit hopefull that at least for my daughter it will get better seeing she will be going to a high school that is considered the best around here with a havo/vwo recommendation so yeah all things considered , we 're the odd ones out . 
  banter ? 
  can confirm - another dutchie . 
  i might be in a minority around me tho . 
  dunno if you sarcastic or not but i was aiming at the mud flinging looking at the head title on the cover, 
  uk : are you even trying to politic ? 
  just wondering . 
  why people complain about these kind of things tho where as `` china towns '' have popped up in bigger cities any people never have seemed to mind that ? 
   keep in mind that people above 35 are likely to not have learned anything about the eu in school , because it simply was n't taught . 
  can confirm , no education was given . 
  only once when they met in maastricht cause that 's the capital of my province and that we might have in the future 1 currency . 
  back then it was supposed to be called ecu instead of euro . 
  you know , social cohesian is already less then 20 years ago for example and it has nothing to do with migrants . 
  sure if the numbers go up you will see areas that have their cohesian removed or threatened by the influx of a certain nationality . 
  but a simple example . 
  in 1997 my area in poland got their house phones connected . 
  up till that point barely anyone had a phone at their home . 
  if you wanted to call someone you 'd have to walk over to one of your neighbours 5 minutes down up the hill , not that it would 've mattered cause your friends probably did n't have a phone either . 
  so , naturally if you wanted to see your friends or talk to them , you had to go there in person . 
  necessity got removed by comfort in some areas of our day to day live and that removed cohesion on it 's turn . 
  erhh , he sounds a bit salty `` thanks for your fishing quotas '' ? 
  i mean ... sure without quotas you can fish ... for some time at least . 
  day to day , no probably not but if you in uni , depending on your direction ofc it could be useful ?
