  i already that that 2 days ago as well . 
  the foreign press were much more worried and obsessed with wilders than we ever were . 
  hey now, 
  there , i just voted , d66 for me . 
  my ex sent me a pic with his vote for wilders . 
  confirms why we do n't get along i suppose . 
  i think the people outside of the netherlands are more obsessed with wilders than we are . 
  dum dum duuumm ... the plot thickens !, 
  french , polish , czech ( probably most slavic languages ) italian , spanish , from the top of my head , i bet there are plenty more of them tho . 
  definitely , how is it in finnish ? 
  yes but in many countries the colour and fruit share the same name like ... orange ? 
  i am integrated , been living here since 1986 , gone to school and worked without being 1 day unemployed . 
  you would n't tell i had a different background , if i would n't state it because i do n't speak with an accent or look any different . 
  do n't paint us with the same brush . 
  they were an import part of the roman empire . 
  in fact the 2nd biggest colloseum ( after the one in rome ) was in tunisia : https://www.google.nl/search?q=el+jem&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjz0mip087sahvjohokhvidamuq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950, 
  i see your point . 
  but what i meant to point out is that most pedophiles do have a preference and that 's for boys and most pedos are male . 
  there is far more kiddy porn with boys than girls for example for that reason . 
  attraction to * only * the same gender is being gay ? 
  in the case that you * only * lust over prepubescent boys you also happen to be a pedo ? 
  i think that 's a big reason why pedos decide to connect themselves to the church because of altar boys , boy choirs etc and it 's generally speaking a mans world . 
  we 're talking about priests here right ? 
  tell me when the catholic church implemented female priests . 
  are you being on purpose obnoxious ? 
  to fondle boys as a man you 'd have to be gay and a pedo . 
  that has nothing to do with able to being married or not , your implications are a slippery slope and just frankly put ... wrong . 
  well it has taken us centuries and countless wars . 
  maybe in 200 years the us will be in the same shape but sadly non of us will live to see that through :(, 
  we need a queue cause i volunteer to touchy touchy mans too ... 
  no that 's where you 're wrong . 
  everyone knows that they are being bamboozled . 
  there are stores that specifically advertise ( `` niemiecka chemia !!, 
  '' ) , that they have foreign goods because everyone kinda knows that their own products are just not as good . 
  and you might think that those `` local '' products are cheaper than the ones from the west but that 's not even the case either which makes looking for products made abroad even more attractive and desirable because they last longer . 
  chrobatia represent !, 
  well they are very loyal , they are a sheepdog bred after all also very protective . 
  they are not really temperatmentful in the sense that they would bite because that 's not really in them but they bark loud . 
  especially the males are big and their bark is like a really deep bass bark . 
  when they were used back in the days ( less so these days ) for sheepherding in the mountains they would be with the sheep and instead of attacking something an aggressive protective way they would stay with the flock lower in their front paws and start their barking session which was as an intimidation tactic . 
  so they make a great companion , good with kids but they need a lot of space . 
  we had one years ago cause we have a hectare of land in poland with our house that is fenced so he had plenty of running space and that bark was annoying and scary as a kid but i 've never seen him bite anything . 
  like a friendly giant . 
  they were almost extinct as well but managed to pull through with good breeding so they do n't really have hereditary diseases which is also a bonus . 
  these dogs look a lot like the owczarek podhalanski or the polish tatra sheepdog https://nl.pinterest.com/plomp08/owczarek-podhalanski/, 
  living in the glorious lit country of netherlands ... there is no night sky really . 
  all i can see from my garden in the evening are maybe max 10 stars . 
  when we go to south east poland we always have a few evenings of star gazing . 
  my daughter has an app so that when she points the phone towards the sky the app will tell her what star it is , how big , what it makes part of how it looks closer up etc. 
  we have wonderful nights like that that we absolutely can not do at home . 
  as someone that has a vote to cast , something ( i 'm female ) we have had to fight for , having 1 page is insulting . 
  show me you have a vision , a thought out plan or at least something that indicates you thought about this and you have a view with concrete stand points . 
  if you ca n't bother , i ca n't even take you serious as a party . 
  that 's just how i see it . 
  no no it was n't a snark remark but more as in `` oh look it 's the polish again ... ofc '', 
  they literally state on their site that they reject current undemocratic eu . 
  that was the thing that did it for me . 
  that 's literally brexit talk . 
  here 's the whole list and what they stand for : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_parties_in_the_netherlands so just click on them for further information, 
  do n't worry the netherlands is not going anywhere cause their is no majority for it in the politics so you 're welcome to come over whenever you want , 
  no ofc not but while we at it , let 's all make stupid comments wooo, 
  oh like that lol , i was browsing ... trying to look what comment you were referring to . 
  i 'm on your team , as long as they do n't become criminals , support themselves and are decent human beings i do n't care where you 're from . 
  i was merely trying to explain why there would be a disproportionate amount of poles overstaying . 
   polish seeing the current political situation it 's best we stop after this word because we both know whatever statement comes after that is probably insulting or derogatory . 
  i do n't know what you are referring to ? 
  he said he ca n't imagine why someone would chose us over eu but i 'm not sure if that 's the post you are talking about ? 
  i just mentioned it to your fellow countryman so i 'm a bit lazy and will reply the same to you : i think that the influx ( of new polish `` settlers '' ) over the years has declined with opening of the borders in europe . 
  so they ones that you are getting are the ones that already have established family that can at least somewhat support them so they just stay . 
  is it legal ? 
  nope it is n't but if you have nothing to go back for and you can stay with your family with a low chance to get caught . 
  i think most of us would do the same . 
  besides , chicago is known for it 's polish community , only because they are over represented in your town does n't mean that it 's like that in the whole country ? 
  well i think that the influx ( of new polish `` settlers '' ) over the years has declined with opening of the borders in europe . 
  so they ones that you are getting are the ones that already have established family that can at least somewhat support them so they just stay . 
  is it legal ? 
  nope it is n't but if you have nothing to go back for and you can stay with your family with a low chance to get caught . 
  i think most of us would do the same . 
  there is also the middle road that is willing to accept new members on terms that must be met . 
  not everything is black or white . 
  probably , but do n't forget you also have a lot `` on the other side '' that are also equally pumped to support wilders here so i 'm doing my part and hope we do n't get over shouted by populists . 
  because they can ... well often get away with it and the pros outweigh the cons . 
  you think they would take their chances if everything was peachy back home ? 
  because he 's from the us and it 's only them that are allowed to make demands * eye roll *, 
  ha funny you mention that , i just posted as well about voting for d66 coming elections because of that . 
  nice to see that more people are actually taking their time to look up the stances, 
  i 'll let that one slide and look passed your insinuation but fact is that roma identify themselves first and foremost as roma no matter what country they are in , which makes it difficult because they do n't have a cultural connection to any country they reside in ( there 's always exceptions that settle and so on ) . 
  so in short , i think it 's rude to just say `` oh those damn romanians '', 
  wow , you 're really bothered by this lmao . 
  so yes , roma aka gypsies it even freaking says so in the articles you linked . 
  so first you insult everyone romanian , because you 've seen some beggars somewhere ( how you know they were romanian , legit question ) and then want to have it explained to you why you 're being downvoted ? 
  you ca n't be that thick ? 
  this is the reason why i am switching these elections from voting for sp to d66 . 
  i 'm not rich but doing fine . 
  we have 2 people working , low living costs so that if one of us gets unemployed or sick we can still manage on 1 wage . 
  voting socialists party seemed only fair in my eyes in a time when it was crisis because times and circumstances were different . 
  now we have different crisis ( if you want to call it that way ) at hand and for me , my priority has shifted to make sure the eu stays as a stronghold for peace and equality for us all , a symbol of unity and strength . 
  sp is eurosceptic , d66 is not so time to change . 
  i think everyone needs to consider what their top focus point is these coming elections and vote accordingly . 
  there is no party where you will be 100 % in line with but pick your priorities , read what parties represent those thoughts and make sure to go and tick that box and have your voice heard !,
