  i 'm talking about european countries . 
  we 're good ... bar poland for some reason . 
  so much love that poles still need to get a visa :p, 
  i mean here we are with people still believing poland charged tanks with horses . 
  cut the money flows going from our countries to theirs . 
  we have to take care of your people in our country ? 
  ok but we can not also support the people that are in your country . 
  if financial aid stops ( which probably mostly ends up in the pockets of politicians of said countries anyway ) then maayybe we can force something upon them but i doubt it . 
  i know the netherlands for example helps marocco financially , meanwhile people from there want to claim asylum here . 
  thank you for this one , it is better for my region at least . 
  i 'm from the deep south and there is a difference between zakopane and nowy sacz for example so yes , that would be more accurate . 
  but this is not carnaval ... that 's skihut , limburg does carnaval best , sorry . 
  i am supposed to retire in 2047 , there better be something left in that piggy bank !, 
  well we usually go to poland so there is no change there . 
  been a few times to tunisia and love the place but after the latest attacks there i doubt we 'll be going there next few years at least . 
  pff is that all ? 
  i 'll add some pierogi to that too , 
  ok can you persuade the government to make sure poland ( as only country in the eu i believe ) does n't need a visum to travel to the us , thanks , 
  i think they should hand them out vouchers for prostitutes on top of money and clothing / s, 
  well ai n't that something * smh *, 
  no matter if you can eat it or not but it looks just gross , yuk . 
  that seems bogus , you 'll fail the language test . 
  if you have a translator asking your questions in arabic that you do n't know or not familiar with regional languages you wo n't pass , it 's not that easy to bypass that . 
  well now they been turned away , i bet they will all just go home / s, 
  is your google broken ? 
  it 's been in the news , not so much on the front tho , strangely enough , cause that would give more context to the situation . 
  really you can find it anywhere , i could even find it in my own news in the netherlands . 
  yikes i see my home town on that map : /, 
  i thought it was common to ask `` co dostalas na gwiazdk\u0119 ? '', 
  when was this , 1988 ? 
  i could imagine what they 'd look like , just wondered how you were treated . 
  i 'd imagine if you 're from the west you 'd be treated better ? 
  what 's polish prison like ? 
  we all know the cause , italy and greece have been trying to get the rest of europes attention for a while . 
  however it was thanks to merkel her words that opened the floodgate towards germany . 
  europe should have responded sooner to the cries of help but ignored them as long as they could and merkel stepped in to offer a solution but alas not everyone agreed with her and still do n't . 
  you sound like a broken record by now man , change the tune and that sarcasm is anything but helpful to the discussion . 
  i know the netherlands better than people in the netherlands !, 
  ... ... well that 's interesting cause i happen to live in the netherlands lol, 
  vicky in the background looking all proud `` aww that 's my girl '', 
  yes gouda but it 's not like police wo n't go there or anything . 
  to be fair , i live in the netherlands and i am not aware of such places in the netherlands . 
  any dutchie feel free to correct me on that, 
  sweden , france maybe other places too but those are the ones that have been even in the news with regards to the problems in their `` ghettos '' . 
  get over your victim complex, 
  if france wants to complain about the garbage belgium has on their lawn they should clean up their own garbage first . 
  obrigado senhor , i will make you proud !, 
  can i come ? 
  those appartments look great , i will integrate and everything . 
  pork is god !, 
  he barely got 2 sentences out before she tried to lead him to the way she wanted him to go to be honest . 
  it was like watching a roast lol, 
  you guys should check #brusselslockdown . 
  since they do n't wanna/are not allowed to share details of what 's happening everyone is posting cat pics lol, 
  now that 's a read, 
  so basically you agree that they are not going back anyway, 
  best idea ever . 
  no one will ever have to know, 
  no time friend , polan work hard :p, 
  hmmm weird , i 'd remember such a thing i hope . 
  i was actually thinking yesterday of the smokers in my family and surroundings but we all talk about fajki , could it be a regional thing ? 
  you tried it . 
  this is just trolling at this point . 
  you 'll gon na have to find another target , bye . 
  she 's 12 ... if she knows what szlugi are , it will not end good . 
  i 'm 36 ... is that still youth ? 
  ahhh this explains it all --  `` youth '' i 'm probably too retro to be cool , i 'm stuck in the `` fajka '' era :( thinking about it , i think that 's what all my peers call it , must be our age . 
  never heard of szlug ... and i 'm a smoker lol, 
  mh17 has been returned to the netherlands and was allowed to be viewed by a restricted amount of people ( family and officials ), 
  peperboon explained exactly how it was meant , i do n't even understand how you would create a link with those 2 statements coming up with implications like that ? 
  thank you that 's exactly what my point was but you are better with words , 
  how on earth did you get that out of it . 
  rape should never be accepted no matter what gender , race , age etc, 
  immigrants or not , rape is disgusting . 
  who ever comes up wth `` grooming herself '' as a defense in a case like this is just a vile individual . 
  the kids from t\u00fcddern go now to selfkant to school . 
  google maps is your friend . 
  schools are being used as refugee camps . 
  i live right across the border and the children from that school are being brought with a buss to a neighbouring village since theirs closed to house refugees and this happens in many smaller places ( outside cities ) . 
  oi i do n't see any lech, 
  okocim is back, 
  why you always keep them gypsies so close to polish borders - . -, 
  let 's be friends on facebook !, 
  correct . 
  my cousin only learned russian in school and her daughter is the first generation that got english in school . 
  needless to say my cousin knows 0 english . 
  all 12 of them, 
  i know of the battle but not sabaton ( just got asked the same question by my swedish husband lol ), 
  what happened ? 
  we are warriors !, 
  oh i thought it was like sweden or hungary , til, 
  if only there were enough jobs ... 
  please elaborate, 
  like this you mean ? 
  let 's hope the v4 actually does become a thing ... 
  it 's just being every patriotic , you know . 
  poland stronk !, 
  if only he could pronounce his last name correctly ... 
  been a few times , ca n't say i noticed a difference ? 
  not even sure why you getting downvoted here .
