  you say helau or something like that right ? 
  i was at a parade in our town yesterday and they had little political explicit ones like that . 
  but this is golden lmao . 
  my pleasure  i remember reading in the telegraph or guardian a while ago that they were n't really happen that their work got reduced to 1 sentence in that movie either but what can you do, 
  i thought i just score that goal myself , 
  limburgers too ( waiting for the reserve belgians joke ), 
  sources vary indeed with the information but the curator from bletchley park museum made a page about it : https://www.codesandciphers.org.uk/virtualbp/poles/poles.htm so it was turing for example who build the `` bomba '' but based on the drawings that he was given . 
  is n't it common knowledge now that it was 3 polish men cracking the code ? 
  please share :(, 
  aww even my daughter loved to watch this like 10 years ago . 
  standing the test of time that little creature . 
  he 's so cute !, 
  but they do know . 
  they even actively promote it in their stores because people want to buy the goods with better quality . 
  shit 25 years already . . 
  i 'm getting old :(, 
  i can not believe what i 'm reading ... where are we heading in our times . 
  what on earth ? 
  yasss a joint limburg , i 'm up for it !, 
  just heard it on the news too . 
  tweet from le soir : le soir @lesoir un militaire ouvre le feu au #louvre apr\u00e8s s ' \u00eatre fait agresser * military opened fire at the louvre after being assaulted * tweet ministry home affairs : ev\u00e9nement grave de #s\u00e9curit\u00e9 publique en cours \u00e0 #paris quartier du #louvre , priorit\u00e9 \u00e0 l'intervention des forces de s\u00e9curit\u00e9 et de secours * serious public security event in the paris district of the louvre , priority to the intervention of security and rescue forces * supposidly ( read on twitter so not 100 % sure ) 30 national officers arrived with guns drawn, 
  aww i should 've paid more attention . 
  i could 've contributed to the female ratio . 
  \u017bo\u0142\u0105dkowa is actually very popular indeed . 
  not that you can buy it ( not here in nl at least ) but we took some extra bottles to friends and family and now we are getting orders every time we got to poland to bring that `` amazing orange herby wodka '' . 
  weird that they have not exported it yet . 
  right ? 
  why check sources ? 
  `` i do n't like the message '' -  fake news !, 
  we are dumbing down our vocabulairy to this cheeto faced man . 
  fake news , sad , dishonest and this way shut down any discussion before it can even start . 
  i read that as `` more perfect illusion '' not sure which one is more relevant, 
   the shit from r/europe , to me , simply represents the feeling of the eu population . 
  it has little political meaning . 
  but it has made me hold off the holiday to europe i was going to book . 
  i do n't want to end up being assaulted or treated poorly simply due to being british . 
  this will never happen , for some reason if people hear you speak with your british accent they will flock to you like flies to shit . 
  if you happen to go to a pub you will see people giving you high 5 for brexit or `` oh you idiots '' and just have a conversation . 
  at least in the netherlands . 
  but i do n't reckon you will get into trouble at all . 
  but how ... and why ? 
  what 's going on with chicago that it became like this ? 
  yes he is now and could always be because he was never in a position like this . 
  if trump was ever impeached and pence had to run the country , it could be that he waters himself down , seeing what happened to trump . 
  i know it 's a long shot , people also hoped trump would not be like this when he would take the office ... 
  and the netherlands ... 
  that was not the moment i meant , i was talking about this one : https://twitter.com/marv_vien/status/823621167621619713 got brigaded with claims it was reversed and to proof it was n't `` if that footage actually exists '' . 
  so i did and all posts asking for proof or saying it was false got deleted . 
  it 's so stupid too , these days everything is out there , especially footage from a damn inauguration ? 
  i think in the netherlands it depends where you go . 
  my municipality charges $ 64,70 but the one next to it : $ 86,25 it 's not standardized which is silly in my eyes . 
  i have seen this before with the us elections too . 
  people kept mentioning that the donald sub and i thought i check it out for myself . 
  threads calling to spam a certain twitter handle because they made some comment about trump . 
  or said something positive about hillary . 
  they were handing out the names and called the `` centipedes '' to come into action and what to say . 
  it 's freaky as fuck . 
  yesterday i was targetted myself when i posted a gif of melania wiping of her smile after donald was talking to her . 
  you probably seen it by now . 
  a few mentioned it was not true , the gif was in reverse . 
  questionable usernames that no longer exist . 
  when proven wrong they delete everything . 
  it 's like they actively brigade anything that would somehow discredit trump . 
  to see them expanding their territory like this does not surprise me but ... do n't these people have something better to do ? 
  nice european cooperation < 3 thanks czechia bros. 
  you would like this one too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjj1jcaffcm, 
  not a single lie spotted, 
  think he is too old to be running in 4 years . 
  i thought she was still huge . 
  did n't she live stream her husbands funeral ? 
  who is we and why ? 
  hard to tell these days , i apologize, 
  but lets be real , there wo n't be a trade ban . 
  there wo n't be a punishment either . 
  it 's gon na be negotiated and that will be the end of it . 
  it 's like getting a divorce and watch your lawyers handle it ... at the end of the day there is nothing that we can do . 
  somewhere there must be a / s but i ca n't see it . 
  i need to get some glasses , it better be there when i 'm back . 
  last time i checked a map you were still on the continent ... 
  it 's annoying for anyone that just reads these things out of interest ... since ... you know , uk is and always be european . 
  do n't take it personal , some know better they just do n't want to do better . 
  hello , thank you for this ama . 
  i have a general question . 
  in many things you are the polar opposite to pis which makes me wonder how do you think the political climate will change the next 3 years in poland ( could you profit from any of it ? ), 
  and what you hope to achieve at these next elections . 
  man ... i am so tired of these kind of threads . 
  not because of the report cause i 'm not british so i guess it does n't affect me really . 
  it 's the mud slinging both ways in the comments . 
  it 's like being on a road trip and having 2 children misbehaving on the back seat calling each other names , pinching , whining , pretend to hate each other and all you can do is hope to make it to the destination with everyone still intact . 
   :( :( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( dude comon are you 12 ? 
  i 'm not denying any of that , i just doubt there is a majority in our politics for a nexit and i think most dutch people understand that or at least know which is why we barely makes these kind of statements ? 
  and even then , the netherlands leaving the eu is not something that will be backed up by a majority . 
  i see you picked the right username , 
  why is it always the netherlands are mentioned by anyone but the dutch people . 
  and then what ... everyone that 's not british will be out too ? 
  or the people getting less swearing at them ... what is gon na happen you think ? 
   i am quite sure holland + france will be leaving soon as well i 'm willing to bet on the netherlands staying right where they are . 
  thanks , i only saw the pics . 
  but that means they will be out of the city faster too , 
  just a bit around rabka area ?
