  no i know things need to change but how can you change things without shifting too much to the side where things get ugly and still keep a jood majority happy ? 
  yes it makes me nervous , i have a child growing up , i am worried of the state we are leaving the planet behind for the people that come after us . 
  that includes things like these . 
  besides she 's half turkish with an olive tan , dark eyes and hair , poster child of those areas . 
  how will it be for her ? 
  you know , the base principle i think for all parents is that you want your kids to be safe and healthy . 
  you know , it should n't matter but i think with the internet , people are more connected and you can make news with one tweet , it kinda feels different these days . 
  plus communism for example was rather straight forward , it was visible you knew your enemy so to say . 
  now . . it 's more on a paranoid level i feel ? 
  can you please explain your comment ? 
  hmm interesting , but let 's be real , it 's the red ones that everyone is focussing on these days . 
  no and that 's why i say `` what will it do to us '' ? 
  you do n't think that 's a bit of an easy assumption ? 
  nobody will tell me to put my sweet barszczyk down !, 
  vlaanderen to the dutch , wallonia to france . 
  done . 
  we have n't had febo till a few years ago and now we only have 1 in maastricht . 
  febo does not really blend into limburg , we got bufkes . 
  as someone not from holland , thank you :'), 
  hello fellow mergroateneer  yes really weird haha, 
  wait a minute , this is my municipality : o just fyi we have a non profit foundation that still is active and lets people `` adopt '' a grave to maintain . 
  so every now and then people will go to `` their '' grave , lay down flowers so the men that have fought are not forgotten . 
  it often leads to contact with the remaining family who are thankful that their family member that died overseas is still being looked after . 
  also the primary school in margraten is named after general maurice rose . 
  this is his wiki : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maurice_rose the picture you see there hangs in the school together with his decorations and a letter from his family . 
  every last school day before may 5th , we would visit the cemetary to pay our respects . 
  so all in all margraten is very connected with their past and the cemetary . 
  thank you , i was missing my little star in the other map !, 
  i opened this picture and legit started to cackle, 
  my uncle lived in piekie\u0142ko  but yeah the smaller ones are the ones that mostly have the weird names . 
  let me add a few : koniec \u015awiata - end of the world bagdad ... do n't need to explain that one , it 's weird haha tumidaj - give it to me here mokronosy - wet noses zgon - death ( but more used when you just drank too much and you 're down and out , at least in my region ) bia\u0142a ameryka - white america to name a few, 
  yeah i was thinking if they really took away the lift . 
  i already have a kid with a turkish man ( he renounced his nationality though ) so i 'm experienced . 
  hop on a boat with some syrians and keep walking, 
  there will always be medical reasons to do this procedure ( and even those are on the decline ) , the point is that it 's not usually just done because of cosmetic reasons . 
  an estimated 3.8 % of male children in the uk in 2000 were being circumcised by the age of 15 . 
  i do n't call that common if you count in the fact that there is a big muslim community in the uk, 
  it often happens that the skin needs a bit of stretching as a young boy . 
  i remember the shocked face of my cousin when she told me she had to apply some cream to her sons willy and tell him to go play with himself lol, 
  it 's not an ideal situation but how screwed is the situation on our side of the fence ? 
  unemployment is still declining , incomes are on the rise little by little . 
  this is a political issue that needs to be tackled but i would n't say we 're screwed honestly . 
  oh i see , i thought you were n't a few cards short of a deck but i was proven wrong . 
   i hope your country splits up tbqh , that would make me more happy than anything , to see your slimy smug faces grovelling . 
  so it was just wishful thinking basically . 
  what is your gripe with belgium that makes you say such vile things ? 
  the best coke , believe me . 
  been looking on buienradar , does n't seem like it 's gon na happen honestly . 
  yeh but w\u00f3dka -  w\u00f3da -  woda aka water, 
  can confirm , i got a package deal with my mom when i was 17 ( because from 18 i would have to pay too , see perfectly integrated ... why pay when you can get something for free ) and i was not made to do anything . 
  just got a paper that i could fetch myself a passport and i was a dutch citizen . 
  does that count ? 
  finland is not liberal ? 
  yes but you said winter ... https://www.ft.com/content/6712dd66-c91d-11e6-8f29-9445cac8966f?mhq5j=e1 you can find a lot of articles about this on google . 
  i guess you must 've been lucky with your stay cause those china levels definitely do not go unnoticed, 
  but i never used anything bar alcohol ( \u0361 \u00b0 _ \u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   was there last winter and you 're still coughing ? 
  please adopt me finland, 
  no but it was supposed to make the boys not masturbate which was a sin , so in a way it 's a puritan movement, 
   he 's a hardcore catholic right-winger . 
  yes cause we all know it 's the hardcore catholics right wingers that are the new crusaders of the anti circumcision movement !, 
  i think migrants bring our average up indeed when i look at myself . 
  i speak 5 languages . 
  polish from my mom , german from my dad , english obviously , french from school and then my traineeship for a year in france to make sure that french got cemented and ofc dutch . 
  even when you are born in the netherlands to a ( for example ) turkish father and dutch mom , learning english at school that 's already 3 . 
  yes , all you and you only, 
  caldo verde will never taste the same after that image, 
  jesus man , it 's not that serious . 
  have some kompot to cool down . 
  oh god i hated kompot so much when i was a kid and we 'd get it for dinner or something at my family . 
  last thing i wanted to drink to a warm lunch or dinner on a hot summer sunday was lukewarm kompot . 
   we also have ptsd-folks that have been cocked and ready to go off since ' 95 . 
  do n't think they ever thought a second about that, 
  oh , those do n't happen that often here so i never thought of that . 
  man what a mess , i hope they can get it out as quick as possible . 
  wind is bad though is n't it . 
  what about rain or thunderstorms , any of those predicted ? 
  that 's a brave statement but i guess an honest one . 
  had they had a road map of some kind it might have looked different but one year on and nobody knows where they stand on either side . 
  it kinda already began the next day when it was on the bbc that there was no plan . 
  like ... how ? 
  i am so sorry to hear this news , what a devastation . 
  any chance of getting help from the weather soon ? 
  yet our team is called nederlands elftal and not hollands elftal so your your references are correct but in more official stuff we 're called the netherlands which is what it is . 
   in danish the word for the netherlands literally is holland that 's fair enough and it probably comes from the days when holland was basically ... well ... holland . 
  you ca n't change history but now , holland is the netherlands if we 're speaking for the whole country . 
  we also speak of het nederlands elftal and not the hollands elftal if we wan na go into the sports case . 
   common language usage is not really accurate on multiple accounts , this does not seem to pose a problem to anyone i know here except for 2 people on reddit . 
  i can tell you do not live in limburg, 
  i have to agree . 
  i do n't live in holland , why is it hard to say the netherlands ? 
  you should speak for yourself . 
  the netherlands is the netherlands and holland is holland , it 's not hard . 
  what , if you 'd see me now this is my colour , bar the face cause i got more rosy tones . 
  but from south east of poland going downwards you will find a lot of people that have a slight tan , especially after the sun has been out for a few days . 
  yes , thank you , i 'm happy here in the south of limburg  from what i gathered my real dad was doing hookers at the gas fields in russia where he worked so my mom decided to just leave his ass there . 
  my family history is a mess and a half . 
  yes my mother and i, 
  the end of an era , at least how it feels for me . 
  fleeing the ddr in 1986 and seeing how it developped from there and his role in it .
