  truth hurts ? 
  that comment is in itself the perfect example how west europe and us think about eastern europeans . 
  even within europe the east europeans are seen as 2nd rank and the people must be dumb ... cause slav . 
  i 'd go with number 2, 
  who 's that ? 
  do n't forget the dunajec raft track where you also go between the polish and slovakian border . 
  they should give our road back lol, 
  pani , if you must , 
  yes that 's the name of a mountain . 
  it 's the same name in polish as it is in slovak ( my guess ), 
  bless you gunter , it was unbelievable but he wrote history . 
  i was one of the people to escape in 1986 . 
  we do n't use helmets . 
  i know , i was trying to make a joke : /, 
  sounds like you can tap into a new market with the stuff you have already at home . 
  i 'd patent that shit asap !, 
  i can tell you from my own experiences , i was born in magdeburg in the ddr during those times with a polish mother so i have 2 countries that i can tell you about but obviously purely anecdotal . 
  simply put , life was more on a basic scale . 
  the joy was there but it was created by the people amongst themselves mostly because they also relied on each other for basic necessities . 
  for example : when my cousin got married in 1984 all the women from the neighbourhood ( in rural poland so the neighbourhood is kinda widely spread especially back then ) would come together to bake the cakes and do the cooking . 
  one would bring the eggs that they had from their chickens , the other one had the milk from their cows , my aunt would scramble for the flour , water came from the well outside . 
  my uncle would butcher a pig and make sausages and so on . 
  it was loud for days , with these women cackling in the house but the social cohesion brought the joy , even if it was out of necessity . 
  people generally speaking had more `` house '' parties , or someone would bring their own accordion and there would be a get together to drink and sing . 
  instead of a bbq , think bonfire and toss potatoes into them . 
  you know , very simplistic but it was fun nevertheless . 
  in rural poland you would n't really see the militia unless you went into town and all the kids were made to be afraid of them . 
  you were n't supposed to look at them , speak about them loudly and most definitely no pointing . 
  to school you went only in dark sad colours . 
  brown , black , dark grey , navy etc. 
  when i gave a colourful sweater to my cousin to wear once , cause i would live in the ddr so it was a bit different for us , she got reprimanded that `` it was n't a fashion show '' . 
  now the ddr was a bit more different , i lived in a city and city life is generally speaking different anyway . 
  there was less social cohesion even though you would know all your neighbours and be on a speaking level . 
  the atmosphere was totally different than i felt in poland . 
  obviously being afraid of the stasi made everyone be a bit less open probably , you never knew who would rat you out . 
  fathers were ratting out on their own children , sisters rat out brothers or parents etc. 
  you could even get picked up for expressing having thoughts , let alone actions . 
  so it was more cut throat . 
  my time in the ddr was at least less joyful than in poland . 
  the gift that keeps giving ... 
  wait , but would n't this scenario be a summum of integration ? 
  poles going into a british pub , maybe things get lairy , brawl ensues ? 
  i thought there were complaints about them not integrating in the british ways ? 
   yeah but russia was a more powerful ally than all the exile eastern european countries combined ( not to mention majority of them were nazi allies anyways ) . 
  are you having a laugh ? 
  well there is no war in chechnia but maybe someone with more information can come forward cause i see no reason why poland should just let them in , because ... ? 
  i live in the netherlands and the pvv is always strong in polls . 
  but when it comes down to the elections they always fall behind . 
  last elections they even lost 9 seats . 
  granted between 2012 and now a lot has happened but the only way for them to rule would be if they are the biggest party and get 76 seats , which , let me tell you , will never happen . 
  nobody wants to form a coalition with them either which , in a way , is a comfortable position for wilders cause he can kick and scream as much as he want without actually being accountable for anything . 
  so in short , pvv winning in polls ( like every time ) says really very little . 
   cracovie 100 %, 
  polan can into bus \\ o /, 
  that is a nice accomplishment !, 
  next step should be getting the air in krak\u00f3w in check . 
  live in the yellow part of the netherlands , we had an earthquake 1992 with 5,5 on the richter scale . 
  the shaking was not the thing that scared me to be honest , it was the deep growling sound of the earth that made it weird . 
  a leech is a bit of a harsh word is n't it ? 
  many countries do not have any social security system for the young and healthy yet unemployed to leech from even if they wanted to . 
  besides if there are barely any jobs it 's a bit unfair to be so negative , it 's not like the overwhelming majority would simply want to work but ca n't . 
  do n't give the local rapists ideas ( / s ), 
  southern malapolska : ch and h are different indeed . 
  and well fed i take it , 
  til : i 'm old :'(, 
  is n't our word for whore/slut your word for girl ? 
  those fools, 
  ( possibly ) good news for me . 
  i wanted to remortgage since the interest is lower than it was when i got my mortgage 2 years ago but the bank told me i was gon na pay a hefty fine since i recently got a mortgage in the first place . 
  now i will look into it again , in the end it might save me some money even if there 's a smaller amount that i will have to pay for `` administration fees '' or whatever . 
  make polan stronk again , 
  and yet ? 
  sounds like you wan na imply she 's now damaged good and should be avoided if possible . 
  then they should not be bothered about having to go back surely ? 
  that is quite below the belt to be honest . 
  polish education is good . 
  the infrastructure is catching up , with roads actually being better than yours . 
  unemployment is dropping but the wages are the issue . 
  for the first time since years they are reaching the 2 % and you got ta make such a comment ? 
  ever been to poland at all ? 
  `` jesus take the wheel '', 
  brits in , slavs out ? 
  tell us how you really feel ... 
  right in the feels, 
  when was this cause i drive there once a year and last few years been good tbh . 
  that is if you are talking about zgorzelec border . 
  drove through czechia a week ago . 
  after prague the roads are still shit . 
  never again . 
  thats a no from me on all counts, 
  rude ? 
  there are billionaires in poland ? 
  ( do n't come for me , i 'm polish , just look at the username ... ), 
  do n't touch our monarchy boi !, 
  i might be considered dumb for saying this but for me this is not an islamic or muslim , isis whatever you wan na call it , attack . 
  isis is no friend of iran , in fact they hate each others guts . 
  technically iran is a muslim country but of the other kind so to say . 
  it 's possible he joined them regardless of course but seeing how he talked on that roof makes me believe this was a boy ( forgive me for calling an 18 year old a boy ) who had issues , god knows with what , different from what we 've seen so far tho . 
  time will tell obviously but generally speaking i 'd say iranians are not the ones to side with isis at all . 
  but h\u00e4agen-dazs is n't danish ?
