  well maybe not cherrypicking but what about a nice buffet where you try to put more on your plate then you should and attempt to stealthily shuffle back to your table, 
  thank you . 
  that is true , because of my father these movies will be forever connected with my childhood, 
  thank you kind stranger . 
  those damn immigrants !, 
  just make sure your team does n't shoot itself in the foot . 
  hard to play that way . 
  shit , this makes me sad . 
  my dad loved movies with him and terence hill . 
  he would sit and wait all sunday afternoon , waiting for it to air . 
  my first thought was : `` oh shit , i need tell my d - '' before i could finish that sentence in my head i realised , my own father died 3 weeks ago :'(, 
  farage sitting right next to him tho , cracking jokes ... `` what 's the worst that can happen ahahaha , toot toot motherfucker ahaha , we 're coming through '', 
   if we could just stop being cunts it might be a cool place to live in . 
  why do you think it 's not a good place to live in ? 
  well , in a way i should be thankful for your actions . 
  for a long while ( and i think some people of mixed backgrounds/cultures might identify with this ) i have had issues finding out where i belong really . 
  polish/german born living in the netherlands . 
  feeling polish at times , longing for my home country and then being in poland realising , i 'm more dutch then i thought i was . 
  in a sense i did n't know where i stood with myself . 
  but now , i realise , above all , i 'm european , through and through . 
  it does n't matter what passports ( yes i have 2 , kiss it ) i carry , if my neighbour is irish , french or romanian . 
  we are all homebound to this continent brought into a unity through the eu . 
  it 's sometimes a weird relationship where you feel like a nagging wife whining at her husband who does so little for her . 
  not seeing that the efforts of this unity are all around us , if we want to open our eyes to it . 
  we can be proud of what we achieved , and i am now . 
  making me firmly stand in my opinion , if it comes to a referendum in my country , i 'm staying !, 
  it 's like watching a car crash . 
  you feel bad for the people but at the same time ca n't stop watching at their misfortune . 
  you make the critical mistake our disregarding the difference in founding cultures and why the eu is and was a good idea . 
  much different to the us due to their scale and background . 
  yes but is that so strange to you , really ? 
  within europe we already have different kind of cultures , languages , traditions etc. 
  and you drag the whole usa into this , people from a different continent . 
  as a matter of fact there are expats here that love to stay here . 
  there are also plenty of benefits ( healthcare , mandatory holidays and workers regulations , maternity/paternity leave etc ) but it 's ok for you if you wan na hang on to your pessimism ... let 's agree they just all would hate it here , this hellhole , urghh . 
  you saying your kingdom is equal to the united states ? 
  it 's exactly what the u/emonay says : and when it comes down to it , the largest single market will get what they want . 
  this is politics we 're talking about , business with peons . 
  at least we 'll be able to hear them coming by their wheezing breath . 
   eu has said over time there 's no ' \u00e0 l\u00e1 carte ' maybe he can have a buffet then ? 
  pick up the bits and pieces he wants and quickly shuffles back to his table . 
  but who is gon na fund wales , cornwall , the nhs ? 
  your country is expected to pick up the bill now ( for the 2 areas at least and also yorkshire has already presented itself with those claims ), 
  `` i want mine to be mine and yours is negotiable '' sure bojo ... 
  yeah but who would willingly go sit in the rain all day ? 
  * i joke , please have me :( *, 
  yes but their status quo was 1968, 
  funny you mention it . 
  i came to work today asking my colleague if he followed brexit this weekend . 
  his response `` what brexit hahahaha '' the jokes just write themselves ... 
  i honestly doubt it . 
  there is not enough money to support themselves as a group . 
  ca n't we have a sub for `` the shit boris says '' already ? 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  `` we did n't really mean it , you know , we do n't want that much to change in the end '', 
  can we bring stroopwafels ? 
  it 's like the meme that keeps on giving . 
  `` just banter lol , was a funny one , was n't it , got you thereee '', 
  are you having a laugh ? 
  half of wales has spending power that equals czechia , the baltic nations or even half of poland for the matter of fact . 
  the netherlands welcomes you mate  you might have to apply for a visa tho in the future ( jk ) . 
  it 's a stressfull situation , i 'll agree with you on that one and quite honest , i 'm happy to be on this side of the pond . 
  it might be a slight exaggeration but i feel this is a regression for the uk , giving in to the very own scary nationalistic ideas that led to troubles in the past . 
  have a look at #postrefracism on twitter and you 'll see it unfold before your own eyes . 
  scotland can theoretically veto it . 
  i wish you , yourself and the uk that is , well but i do n't see how you get to stay frankly . 
  looks like your politicians gambled on remain and lost and nobody has a clue what to do . 
  staying is political suicide and cameron dragged his successor down with him , regardless of who it is . 
  you got rough times ahead , good luck ( in the nicest possible way ) . 
  edit : looks like race was less of an issue up north ( as they voted in , regardless of immigrant fear ) , you should look at wales and the weaker links in england tbh . 
  we do not want to throw you under the buss however your majority did vote for out . 
  that comes with consequences for the both uk and eu . 
  uk needs to handle their end but you ca n't blame for the eu for thinking `` let 's get this over with in a swift way '' . 
  those politicians are n't as stupid as they look . 
  the longer this uncertainty lingers around the worse it is for stock markets , trade etc. 
  people on both end need to know where they stand rather soon before we can move forward . 
  so personally i wish you 'd throw the fucking referendum in the bin but alas , 51.9 % = all and we 'll have to deal with it now on opposite ends . 
  would it be political suicide for her if she did ? 
  is that the same people that said britian was gon na vote remain ? 
  it hardly ever left and it 's coming back full swing since the leave camp became more vocal and demonstrating their british cockyness, 
  i know that has been said in the media but it 's wilders that wants it and he has no majority in that . 
  54 % do n't want a referendum 36 % want a referendum of those 56 % wants to remain in the eu . 
  again , do n't get your ideas from fearmongering . 
  i do n't know why your optimism should be crushed tho . 
  at the end of the day you got what you voted for . 
  that result has consequences . 
  it 's not the eus fault that scotland feels they are better of in it or ni getting closer ties with ireland ( possibly ) . 
  if i may be frank i find it naive and short sighted that you have n't thought about `` the day after '' . 
  everyone has been warned it would have a massive effect but many chose to not wanting to hear it so ... you got your leave , the rest will deal with that as they please . 
  what are you trying to say , there is no we in that whole sentence ? 
  well this is why i can understand people wanting a re-do . 
  will happen ? 
  probably not but i firmly believe if it was the other way the opposite end would want the exact same thing . 
  well farage himself said he would n't be content with a 52-48 % outturn , from may 16th 2016 : the ukip leader told the mirror : `` in a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way . 
  if the remain campaign win two-thirds to one-third that ends it . '', 
  just like those 350 mil . 
  were going back to the nhs ? 
  `` at a time when muslims are uniting under the flag of the caliphate , europe is choosing to divide and split . 
  the victory is close with the help of god , '' tweeted one supporter . 
  another supporter said , `` the rise of the islamic state brought about the sinking of britain and the collapse of the european union . '' in a shocking move that sent global markets tumbling and prompted the resignation of british prime minister david cameron , britain voted to leave the european union thursday .
