  like 23km if i remember correctly ? 
  zakopianka should be made too because that 's one annoying road and always so busy . 
  poland had the same but with chernobyl in their mind https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bbarnowiec_nuclear_power_plant, 
  how did electing trump proof global warming is not real ? 
  i fail to see the correlation . 
  can confirm , no snow here :(, 
  that looks so cute and cozy ... and dutch : o, 
  the jokes just write themselves ... 
  yes but that was last weekend , it was not different from s/e poland . 
  but still -10 is cold . 
  depends . 
  the workers that come for 2-3-4 months live on cheap food and beer on saturday to save as much as possible to take home . 
  the ones that plan to stay a few years ) until for example they get children ) or made enough money , they invest a lot . 
  buy apartments in cities and development projects . 
  plots of land , build a house and will help out mom and dad if something happens . 
  the permanent ones with older parents for example will send money for rent or medicines and to fluff up the pensions of their parents . 
  not to the extend turks do but still something . 
  at least from what i 've seen around me here . 
  why does radom and area still look so shit ? 
  that 's the case in nl too , do n't worry this is nothing unique, 
  or vacuum cleaners http://inhabitat.com/chinas-crazy-smog-sucking-vacuum-tower-is-actually-working/, 
  the people in poland are probably going to be dependant on the smaller initiatives of their municipalities . 
  in the town i 'm from ( not too far from krak\u00f3w ) there has been a local initiative and 48 million euro fund to change stoves/furnaces and that inhabitants could apply for . 
  ( http://limanowa.in/wydarzenia/news;zamiast-300-ton-wegla-beda-wykorzystywac-do-produkcji-gaz-inwestycja-pochlonie-2-mln-zl,34987.html ) just giving 2 examples ... so it is slowly happening on local level it seems . 
  there has been a lot of focus on air quality and only increasing over the years which is a good development . 
  sadly , it seems that on the top level , there will be no solutions offered any time soon ( on a big scale ) . 
  \u0141 is w simple ? 
  the production is split between uk and the netherlands . 
  it gave us here 1200 jobs . 
  so who know , they might move it all to the netherlands . 
  your joke is rather 2001 time to update it to the 2017 standards . 
  that 's nice , whenever i 'm in poland i sometimes thought i 'd like to pop over into belarus but the visa bit always held me off . 
  why have n't you come sooner to learn about this is a better question :p, 
  wait , this is actually really ... cool ... 
  if i 'm not mistaken robin hood gave whatever he stole to the poor people , a philanthropist if you like . 
  not to help themselves to create an opportunity , that 's fraud if they knew from the get go what the ground rules are of the grants . 
  your answers gave me that impression, 
  really , so what did they gave you ? 
  did you get your share ? 
  because they can not be detained nor sent back . 
  they got already in trouble it seems , that austrian company : https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;vertical=default&amp;q=holz%20schweighofer&amp;src=typd, 
  it is indeed . 
  whenever i hear something in the news about drunk driving and creating accidents , its often a pole . 
  ( as seen here : http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/6691248/5e23699d/dronken_pool_in_auto_bij_woerden.html ) someone making stupid choices and creating chaos , it 's often a pole . 
  like in the case of a guy wanting to drive on the train tracks with his car and was in time to jump out but his car got obviously totalled . 
  orrrr driving too fast ( sometimes killing people like a grandpa + grandma and their 2 year old grandchild on their bike by mawing them all 3 down in a skid ), 
   airports and roads are very decent i can not comment for the airport as i have n't used any . 
  but i used plenty of roads and having 1 lane on each side for hundreds of km to share with trucks , tractors , bikers and rushing people in your trunk is far from ideal . 
  that 's not even considering that those roads take you through so many little towns and cities in romania . 
  looking at poland and slovakia , czechia also hungary are tackling their roads and then compare it with what romania has been doing ... it 's lagging behind majorly . 
  the only part that has been improved is bucharest area . 
  i realise there is a 3 year gap but if the course stays the same in romania , i do not see them catching up any time soon . 
  after visiting the country a few years ago and last summer ... they have done little for the common man with that money if u ask me . 
  sure some nice industrial zones have emerged from what i remember but the infrastructure is still rubbish by any standard to be honest, 
  thanks for pointing out that game . 
  gon na get it today might as well as it 's on discount i saw . 
  how can they part with something they 're not a member of ? 
  no i said they would happen regardless what town in poland, 
  yes but they call themselves poles first then muslim . 
  i think that is a big difference . 
  say what now ? 
  why am i not surprised about reprisals . 
  i think this could happen in any polish town and they would happen . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  yeah i was gon na say `` which one ? '', 
  the airport situation is just a slap stick at this point to be honest ... 
  sure but they are in dutch ... not sure if they help you ? 
   probably it has something to do with our obsession for c-sections . 
  c-sections in itself do have a higher risk , especially for following pregnancies . 
  according to the dutch study i looked at the problem lies in uterus ruptures . 
  87 % of uterus ruptures correlated to previous c-sections . 
  * this is the major contributor . 
  pure stubbornness . 
  * did you took that from the site i looked at to check the statistics or is that your assumption because i did n't read anything about that . 
  yeah i just checked our statistics and you were not completely off base , 
  higher average age of mothers . 
  more non western immigrants more c-sections higher % of multiple children in one pregnancy due to using medical treatment to get pregnant . 
  all these factors lead to a higher risk and thus higher % in maternal deaths . 
  i see them both going in 2017 tbf, 
  david bowie , george michael , prince . 
  the man picked the most flamboyant ones did n't he . 
  someone hide elton . 
  well he is not entirely incorrect . 
  there is simply no free money . 
  i have seen it first hand with my mother opening a company in 1995 . 
  when poland got into the eu she was eligible for subsidies and others arrangements in form of loans that can be applied for . 
  let 's take also infrastructure : poland gets money to build roads ( and is actually mostly , i have no doubt some of it disappears , but mostly it 's used for that ) but it will be carried out by foreign companies like strabag and others of which names i sadly i do n't remember but they been plastered on the heavy machinery along the roads . 
  lets not pretend the eu is an altruistic movement . 
  it means a business of give , take and distribute on terms , not on hand outs . 
  mostly the eu involvement has played a positive role in the development and i 'm grateful seeing the change that has happened for example the last 10 years because i do not trust that this would have happened without their involvement , not at this speed anyway . 
  however there has been negative side effects to . 
  small companies like local bakeries going under because they just can not compete with the reals , auchans , tesco to name a few . 
  that being said , i am disgusted with the pis and their doings . 
  the polish people have fought and resisted way too much to be going backwards and their rights restricted all over again . 
  but sadly many people are not there yet to be voting for something else . 
  i realised this quickly when i saw the pro life demonstration in the town i 'm from and the turn out as answer to the pro abortion movement . 
  people still en masse feel pis is not a threat like they forgot what damage a one party government can do . 
  i wonder how that person feels that told him that he should stay outside of their parking and just come back tomorrow . 
  how do you live with yourself after such a thing ? 
  sure he could n't have known but we all know how the human mind works .
