and it should be a smaller percentage . 
  no , the government is elected by the president , the president is elected by traitorous and corrupt deputies . 
  the government is not the people . 
  no , only government speaks through the government . 
  the government is not the people . 
  spain or the government ? 
  is 68 % propaganda ? 
  i do n't like football , that does n't matter to me  . <, 
  thanks for the advice , but as i said , it 's kind of affectionate . 
  you are not french , spaniards have no reason to hate you , 
  http://thediplomatinspain.com/en/68-of-portuguese-want-a-iberian-political-union-with-spain/ our * country !, 
  our border does not make any sense , we should be together . 
   lighten up ... 
  mine is a joke too . 
  i got you , 
  it 's the simply true , hispania was the name for the roman province that united the current portugal and spain !, 
  in fact , ~ 68 % of portuguese people want a iberian political union with spain , just like us . 
  http://thediplomatinspain.com/en/68-of-portuguese-want-a-iberian-political-union-with-spain/ our border does not make sense . 
  it goes without saying !, 
  you complain about the communist past , but you want to force me not to say things , just like them !, 
  freedom of speech , comrade . 
  it is what sets us apart from the communists . 
  you have to get rid of that inheritance !, 
  it looks like the typical spam message , however i will put it in the hands of the relevant police authorities of your country , so that they judge the threats of death and insults . 
  it sure does not make them much fun . 
  study , you need it . 
  in this case , the blessing . 
  that is a virtue , not a defect !, 
  for example , to find a job . 
  `` in 1595 , he failed to conquer the port of las palmas , and following a disastrous campaign against spanish america , where he suffered a number of defeats , he unsuccessfully attacked san juan de puerto rico , eventually losing the battle of san juan ( with many more soldiers than the spanish army ) . 
  the spanish gunners from el morro castle shot a cannonball through the cabin of drake 's flagship , and he survived ; but a few weeks later , in january 1596 , he died of dysentery when he was about 55 , while anchored off the coast of portobelo , panama , where some spanish treasure ships had sought shelter . 
  following his death , the english fleet withdrew . '', 
  that was a shitty death , i expected something more heroic . 
  do you know how many military bases spain has in the us ? 
  do you know how many military bases us has in spain ? 
  i already know where i 'm going this holidays, 
  and i 'm still thinking that the crown is spain , because portugal is a part of spain too , hispania . 
  that was an isolated incident . 
  our tercios viejos de flandes dominated europe and were the most fierce warriors on the continent . 
  yeah , until austrians absorbed you :( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/50/dissolution_of_austria-hungary.png/350px-dissolution_of_austria-hungary.png, 
  we ca n't kiss her , because she has brexit-rejected us :(, 
  it 's totally true . 
  spanish girls do really good blowjobs . 
  i recommend it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i fucking love you < 3 thanks !, 
  spain is the crown < 3, 
  it would be lovely that the iberian peninsula also appeared  . <, 
  with all due respect , the left and the euroskepticism only brings hunger and misery . 
  ultralike, 
  that 's true . 
  these requirements are about economic matters and freedoms . 
  if you meet the requirements , you can enter , no matter if you are friend of putin . 
  did i say that ? 
  iiiiii doooo n't want to set the woooooooorld oooon fireeee https://youtu.be/n9d6gnzpmkm, 
   when spain votes against kosovo independence over nothing but their catalonia issue it is silly . 
  do n't say that . 
  spain does not vote . 
  the government of spain votes . 
  the government is not spain ( in fact it does not have the majority of the congress ) . 
  and , as i 've told you , i and many people think very differently . 
  i support the people of kosovo and catalonia in their independence process ( not their criminal government , just the people and the process of independence ) as bakunin said : powerful states can only be sustained by crime . 
  small states are only virtuous because they are weak . 
  woo woo slow down !, 
  first of all , many of the spaniards would not know how to put kosovo on a map ( just like you or the rest of the kosovo people would not know how to put our spanish community of murcia on a map , for example ) . 
  secondly , it is not my case , because the issue of kosovo interests me a lot , so do not generalize . 
  third , we are not your enemies . 
  what the spanish government votes or stops voting about kosovo at the un is not what the middle spanish think . 
  i am in favor of any process of independence ( democratic , of course ) , and my goverment not . 
  declaring independence and being independent are two very different things . 
  regarding my previous comment , i thought it would just be fun to send them a similar train , simply . 
  do not get me wrong , i did not say it 's the same , i just said there are similar things , which is obvious and logical . 
  i know it 's not the same , but there are some particularly identical things . 
  in each historical process of independence there are things that are repeated throughout history and independently of the country . 
  the lies of both governments are one of them . 
  that 's the reason . 
  also when i talk to someone from the east , for me these people are `` comrades '' , precisely because of the communist past . 
  affectionately , of course . 
  it goes without saying . 
  i may be anticommunist , but what i am not is sectarian . 
  i am also an atheist and from time to time i say `` holy christ '' or something like that , for example . 
  you keep evading my question , comrade  . <, 
  comrade , read books about the second spanish republic and the later civil war . 
  not offense , but the eastern people were not the only ones who suffered that shit . 
  as i have already told you , i am an anticommunist declared ( i am liberal , personal and market freedom , you know ) . 
  with the subject of communism you have evaded my question , you look like my grandfather : / http://www.rayosycentellas.net/madrid/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/puertaalcala1938.jpg that 's madrid , la puerta de alcal\u00e1 , during the second republic . 
  me too , in fact i have not said otherwise . 
  what i want you to understand is that all governments that can generate ethnic conflicts , do it , not just russia . 
  russia is not the bad guy of the movie ( or not the only bad , as you want to see ) . 
  i 'm not saying anything about innocents in this conflict . 
  in fact , no state is innocent , neither central nor peripheral . 
  it 's the same here in spain , with the 2 governments ( central and catalan ) , lying and talking shit all the time . 
  but what i mean is that i do not think the train issue is a provocation . 
  it is my personal opinion , simply . 
  also , the colors of the train are beautiful , 
  do not get me wrong , i 'm not a communist . 
  you avoided my question , comrade p.s. 
  in fact , i 'm anticomunism . 
  us does not have the need to incite ethnic tensions here because we are already its vassals . 
  by the time europe gets tired of it , we 'll see how well our american brothers treat us .
