  re the injured they included 12 britons , three french children , two romanians , four south koreans , two greeks , and one person each from germany , poland , ireland , china , italy and the united states . 
  three police officers were also hurt , two of them seriously . 
  i think the security services have done a fantastic job , but most of us knew it was only a matter of time . 
  lol . 
  what with this and the juicing of seville oranges they really know how to make a point !, 
  anyone seen the movie europa report , fairly decent . 
  i know verhofstadt said something similar but i really ca n't see how this would work . 
  whilst free trade is great , is this really to stymie trump ? 
  did n't i see shinzo abe giving it the ` super best pals ' act with trump just a few days ago ? 
  yeah , born in brussels to a british father & dutch mother . 
  funny bit i just read , her father changed his name from ruston to hepburn-ruston wrongly thinking he was related to james hepburn , third husband of mary , queen of scots . 
  til . 
  wow , that was uncomfortable even watching it . 
  lists audrey hepburn as belgian as well , always thought she was british . 
  googled , born in brussels but is british . 
  i think this is what some islamists want tbh . 
  it 's a sensible policy , and i agree with ruth davidson . 
  scots should be able to see how the uk is functioning once we have left the eu , and if a referendum is wanted , to hold it then . 
  from what ruth davidson was saying she 's expecting that calls for a referendum by spring of 2019 would be rejected conclusively in the scottish parliament anyway ? 
  i 've no problem with scotland having a referendum personally , as a unionist , but the snp in sturgeon & salmond are a bit like a dog with a bone re independence and i think they have probably misjudged popular opinion on this one . 
  turkey ( or rather erdogan and his cronies ) seem to be going through a phase of shrieking ` fascist ' every time they do n't get their own way . 
  i honestly do n't think it 'll have made much difference , there was a strong anti eu sentiment anyway , and there had been for years . 
   immigration to the uk was estimated to be 596,000 - comprising 268,000 eu citizens , 257,000 non-eu citizens and 71,000 british citizens . 
  this included the highest level ever recorded of romanians and bulgarians - 74,000 . 
  post referendum results & interesting figures . 
  immigration from within the eu is now higher than that of the rest of the world for the first time with a record number from romania & bulgaria . 
  is this the guardian trying to paint britain 's leave vote as far-right again ... 
  i regularly read r/ukpolitics , and often look on the bbc comments page , still have n't seen anything like your suggesting . 
  maybe i 've been lucky . 
  the closest i have seen is some suggesting using access to our intelligence services as a bargaining chip for negotiations . 
  i 'm not one of those who believes everyone who voted leave , some 52 % of the voting public , are narcissistic racist morons , which quite frankly is another ridiculous viewpoint i 've seen from those on the remain side . 
   `` they actually suggest we should use our military to get out of the eu the way we want , without paying anything and getting control of the lands/waters we want ''  the first time i 've ever heard such talk is in your post . 
  ridiculous . 
  we need more of this all over europe , but i 'd imagine these people will be attacked by more conservative muslims for their efforts unfortunately . 
  that 's just because we 're awfully nice chaps . 
  yes . 
  it will be a propagandist arm of the eu . 
  think rt but pro-eu . 
  still ca n't see it happening any time soon . 
  most scots oppose a second referendum , and even the most optimistic polls have remain ahead . 
  you see in the uk , the one bit in the north east where it 's light blue surrounded by dark blue . 
  that 's my region . 
  i find that kind of strange , though we are a bit more sociable than most so we 're probably all in the local pub . 
  just a play on words , if a rn sub fires a nuclear warhead it would likely cause a chain reaction and counter-firing involving the deaths of millions , possibly in the long run those on-board . 
  but no firing the missile would not destroy the sub firing it lol . 
  i 've never been to thessaloniki , i 've been to athens plenty but salonica seems quite different/nicer from what little i 've seen ? 
  always fancied a trip to see philip of macedon 's tomb . 
  pleased no one seriously injured , good going soldier . 
  jeremy certainly is n't improving at pmq 's , may on the other hand seems to be growing in confidence the longer she 's in the role . 
  have been a couple of times , a really beautiful town full of history . 
  the link does n't seem to work for me but regardless the majority do not want a political union and in my experience at least it was never sold to us on that premise until quite recently . 
  it was a trading block when we first joined the eec . 
  at the time of maastricht circa 1992/3 perhaps that was when we should have left/had a referendum . 
  over time the eu has become a geo-political entity and that was what the brexit referendum was all about . 
  at a time when the uk has been going through a process of devolving parliament 's to scotland and wales the eu was looking to do the opposite . 
  if the eu had remained a trading block there would never have been a leave vote or even a referendum . 
  it 's the political outreach and perseverance of the ideal of creating a eu superstate that turned the uk off massively . 
  yes mate . 
  it 's true , i know some of you on here like to think otherwise . 
  may has said it is n't in our interests for the eu to fail , she 's correct in that , our objective is to be strong partners but to disentangle ourselves from the eu 's political institutions . 
  my neck of the woods . 
  worth bearing in mind that although there was only a 4 % margin in the overall vote , something like 70 % of all constituencies did vote leave , although many on a close margin . 
  i read somewhere that something like 400 out of 600 odd mp 's represent leave constituencies . 
  quoting from the bbc article here : `` few , if any , conservative mps are likely to vote against article 50 . 
  in fact , only one - the europhile former chancellor ken clarke - has said he will do so . 
  given that the tories have a working majority of 15 in the commons , this means that the bill is guaranteed to pass - especially since a majority of labour mps have said they will not stand in the way of the process and many will actually vote for article 50 . '', 
  sounds like little will change . 
  so , i see . 
  a single comment on a newspaper comment section sums up a whole countries attitude towards a continent . 
  did you have to spend long looking for it ? 
  i think like many on here your own anti-uk sentiment since the euref blinds you . 
  contempt for other countries ? 
  since when ? 
  a little bit of flexibility during cameron 's negotiations and all of this could 've been avoided , but there we are . 
  the headline and the article are embarrassing quite frankly . 
  talk about fake news , give your head a shake . 
  it 's good for britain that he wants to do a quick trade deal and wants our leaving the eu to be a success . 
  on the other hand , nato is something i also believe in , although i do think it is failing in it 's current state . 
  he 's probably correct in saying the migrant crisis , and how it was handled by in particular germany , was instrumental in a british leave vote . 
  certainly no threat issued there . 
  interesting post , and probably the best i 've seen it explained to a layman like myself . 
  you could say that , but i 'd disagree . 
  history , literature , theatre ( shakespeare etc ) , music , architecture etc. 
  agree , not pro-trump , but this is from the same lot decrying fake news helped trump win the election . 
  ca n't really see this working , not a vote winner either . 
  seems another not very well thought out proposal . 
  those top earners also pay the top level of tax he seems to be forgetting . 
  the acid test will in that case be what happens upon the triggering of article 50 at the end of march . 
  you 're right of course , brexit has n't happened yet . 
  however , many , if not most forecasters warned of an immediate economic crash following the vote . 
  this is what the article refers to as not having happened . 
  it is a good sign for the long term that these forecasters have got it wrong . 
  i do n't see any difference to the mocking of nazi 's and the mocking of isis . 
  it is not outrageous to mock an extreme ideology . 
  if some are outraged then good frankly . 
  some particularly salty comments in this thread . 
  well done . 
  only if you lose , seemingly . 
  no one had a problem with the scottish independence referendum . 
  i know , it seems that a majority opinion that wanting to exit a union that is becoming increasingly federal and centralised makes you a far right neo-nazi according to some people .
