wow , impressive victory in that battle when you compare the size of the armies !, 
  it 's a wake up call , as brexit was , and an anti-establishment vote . 
  perhaps it 's time mainstream politicians listen to the problems of their populations rather than lecturing them . 
  always found that word to be a bit vulgar , would n't use it in normal conversation like i would other words . 
  it 's a genuine concern that some will try to slip back into britain & europe , so i think it 's logical . 
  they 're not saying they are to be all summarily executed by the way , but killed or captured . 
  no doubt if there is some who surrender they 'll try and use them for intelligence gathering purposes , but those actively engaged in combat with special forces will be killed , as happens in war . 
  if may called a ge they would wipe the floor with labour . 
  i have to say , this is genius . 
  thing is , we all pretty much knew this . 
  it 's frustrating that our authorities are so inept . 
  they are taking the piss . 
  haha . 
  do n't worry mate , i do n't drink it myself !, 
  fair one . 
  gyros pita & mythos all round . 
  very cool . 
  i 'm quite surprised at greece , which is quite a healthy diet i.e. 
  plenty of olive oil , fresh fruit & veg , plenty fish , goats cheese etc. 
  this is a quite scary , we 've heard of supposed kidnapping attempts previously . 
  i hope this is n't the case here . 
  tbh , i think there is some truth behind this . 
  there 's been a disconnect between the public and its politicians on both the left and right in the uk . 
  i suspect a partial reason for the brexit vote was a large anti-establishment vote , and i include the eu as being part of that establishment . 
  working people have been ignored for too long and we 've had a backlash , rightly or wrongly . 
  the facts are there to be seen . 
  the uk became a net importer of fish , as an island nation . 
  the fishing fleet has been decimated . 
  vets and private investigators are now larger industries . 
  even the remain voter in the article said the common fisheries policy was the worst bit of legislation ever written . 
  funniest part is he staged his own kidnapping to convince her : `` because mrs pujol was not able to go back to spain , he suggested a plan to convince her that her outburst had led to him being arrested . 
  she was even taken to visit him , blindfolded , in a detention camp and , after the reunion , was convinced of the need to support his undercover work . '', 
  it quotes him in the article as saying britain `` will help turkey in any way '' but gives no context . 
  the article 's also horrendously written . 
  is this politico.eu a trustworthy source ? 
  it seems highly unlikely from what i 'm seeing of it , seeing as i ca n't find any other source for this claim . 
  what are the polls like for sarkozy ? 
  does he have much popular support ? 
  the classic response . 
  just call everyone racist . 
  it 's actually quite amusing . 
  re jan/feb , i believe that is what theresa may told donald tusk in their recent meeting . 
  it will happen in jan/feb of 2017 . 
  from there negotiations will last two years , so yes if michael fallon means what he says an eu military will have to be suspended until we leave . 
  btw , are there no other eu states that are against a single eu military ? 
  when we leave we 'll be unable to veto and the eu can do what it wants with regards to a military . 
  britain has always believed in the post-war nato alliance , and does n't want that to change . 
  sorry lads , we wo n't be around much longer . 
  it was n't at the time i posted my original message this morning . 
  laughing at the comments on this sub . 
  what garbage you all prattle . 
  you 've just described guy verhofstadt . 
  i do n't know why there 'd be a bias , it 's an american publication . 
  an interesting read . 
  that was also 2014 . 
  you hate the uk do n't you ? 
  alright mate , calm down . 
  i did n't say i got that figure from the ons . 
  they are n't . 
  we 've had a handful of incidents involving poles . 
  bearing in mind there 's something like 2 million in the u.k. 
  the truth is very , very few people dislike them , only a few mindless idiots who you will find anywhere . 
  apparently osborne , johnson and davis would all see major changes and could lose their seats , so it 's not some tory conspiracy tbh . 
  he 's still a giant walking testicle though . 
  theresa may has n't been drawn on it , she refused to answer when it was raised in pmq 's . 
  it would 've been nice to have had someone with a more nuanced outlook , but nevermind , it is what it is . 
  personally i 'm not keen on verhofstad , he seems to be quite anti-uk from what i 've seen of him , and a dedicated federalist . 
  it 's more likely with him leading negotiations we 'll see a full withdrawal from the common market/eea . 
  a strange choice . 
  who is actually making these appointments , the commission ? 
  the human rights act can be counter productive when dealing with the migrant crisis . 
  he 's like some kind of cross dressing , eu , che guevara . 
  some fantastic looking apartments , fit for a fuhrer , you could say . 
  did n't get enough freebies in france or germany so trying their hand at the uk probably . 
  scotland would no doubt be better off waiting until brexit actually happens , and waiting to see how it pans out for the couple of years afterwards , and in that time making serious plans with the view to having another referendum in say 5 years time . 
  if the uk gets what it wants from the eu , i.e. 
  tariff free access to the single market and economically there is still growth independence might not gather enough support . 
  i do n't think anyone could say for sure but politically neither the uk or ireland would want barriers but i suppose the eu could impose some form of checks on goods . 
  i did just read enda kenny & theresa villiers both agreed on maintaining the common travel area and did n't envisage a hard border . 
  yes , sorry , corrected . 
  i assume the same way it does now . 
  there was a common travel area between roi & ni that pre-dated the eu . 
  i do n't think much is going to happen re scotland & ni initially . 
  i presume upon us leaving there will still be no hard border between roi & ni . 
  scotland it seems , if we believe the polls , would still rather remain . 
  they 'd be in a bit of a precarious position leaving the uk after it 's left the eu . 
  a lot depends on how brexit actually works and if we do have the economic meltdown most have been predicting or if , as theresa may says , a success is made of it . 
  from what she 's saying , it looks more & more like non-eea membership & no freedom of movement . 
  it shall be interesting . 
  having a centre or something where they could apply for asylum to the uk in france would just draw more and more migrants to calais . 
  not a good idea imo . 
  apart from , you know , that referendum thing . 
  nah man , there definitely has been . 
  every pro-britain post hardly makes the front page due to the down votes . 
  i understand the reason why . 
  my advice would be , do n't talk about something you know fuck all about . 
  ni only voted 55 % remain , sinn feinn calling for a poll is n't indicative of anything . 
  does n't change anything . 
  try explaining that to the majority of northern irish , who are some of the most patriotic british people i 've had the pleasure to meet . 
  in reply to the eu parliament tweet no doubt and a joke .
