  this , so much . 
  it 's hypocrisy of a high order . 
  i do n't see the two as comparable . 
  domestic tourism i 'm referring to , british people holidaying at home . 
  the drop in the pound means less will travel abroad . 
  more people will be likely to rent holiday homes in the uk in places like cornwall , northumberland , the lake district etc. 
  the drop in sterling will definitely do wonders for the uk domestic tourism industry . 
  ah look , another one who chats shit . 
  ... `` were n't aware those from pakistan , africa , india and other countries , are not , in fact part of the eu '' . 
  come on now , be honest . 
  i did vote to leave and know many in my area who also did the same . 
  i do n't know a single person who thought the above . 
  i understand the hip thing to do on this sub is to brand all leave voters as morons but it simply is n't true and it 's disingenuous . 
  people voted to leave for a myriad of reasons , and not just on immigration btw . 
  there comes a time when you admit you 're wrong , unless you 're a politician . 
  quell surprise . 
  shhhh !, 
  it 's a fact the uk contributes more than it receives . 
  the only real argument is if the money would be used to fund the projects the eu has . 
  priest was murdered . 
  well , a hard stance like this might deter some in future . 
  although there still seems to be plenty willing to die for their supposed 'cause ' . 
  no messing about , fair play !, 
  when will it end !, 
  it 's uk money repatriated under the guise of the eu . 
  seeing as the uk puts more money in than it ever received back . 
  the comments on this sub . 
  the remain side used similar scare tactics , and as was just as vicious as the leave campaign . 
  if anything more so than was probably wise , people started to ignore them . 
  one was not worse than the other by any stretch . 
  we did n't throw you the middle finger . 
  the eu is & was heading down a path the majority of british people were n't comfortable with . 
  we did n't share that same vision of ever closer union and eu federalism . 
  we 'll still be friends and partners of the eu but it 's just not for us , put simply . 
  `` populist campaigns based on fear and lies '' . 
  so that 's what we call democracy when it does n't go your way . 
  exactly this sort of arrogance and self entitlement that makes people want to leave tbh . 
  shut the embassy . 
  deport the ambassador . 
  should n't the rest of the world now be doing to turkey what has been done to russia ? 
  sanctions etc. 
  small cock syndrome . 
  renewal has been backed by 472 to 117 . 
  almost 40 % of scots did vote to leave which sturgeon does n't seem to mind forgetting . 
  bearing in mind only 44 % voted to leave the uk in the 2014 referendum . 
  certainly not the way it 's perceived on this board lol . 
  no mate i 'm english , from northumberland . 
  you must have been hanging around with some right dopes !, 
  really ? 
  everyone i 've ever known in ruk knows the republic is a different country . 
  speaking as a brit who voted to leave , the best thing the eu can do now would be to cut turkey off . 
  no way can they join , way too unstable . 
  the uk is divided but the worst we 'll do is tut and moan about it . 
  erdogan asked people to take to the streets . 
  the army said stay at home . 
  i suppose erdogan supporters have followed his advice and vice versa . 
  suppose it depends on the extent of the rebellion within the military . 
  sounds like the cou is failing now . 
  i would never accept this and i 'd do everything in my power to fight back . 
  you ca n't live like this . 
  as an individual it 's almost impossible to retaliate but i personally feel the need to do something . 
  interesting that canada has shared some of the more intricate details of their ceta agreement , which apparently davis sees as a potential blue-print for a uk deal . 
  it 's going to take more than sympathy to resolve this . 
  unless you 're willing to accept attacks like have been seen this year as a somewhat regular fact of modern life . 
  so , so , sorry to hear of this . 
  words fail me . 
  senseless . 
  i understand many would 've preferred britain to remain , and i understand this sub is very anti uk - it was even before the brexit referendum - but johnson , despite popular opinion is a highly intelligent and articulate man who speaks seven languages . 
  he 's had an image as a buffoon , rightly or wrongly , but this is his first major appointment in government and having seen his speech today i feel he will be a successful foreign minister and step up to the plate . 
  too much is being made about johnson 's appointment . 
  it 's otherwise a pretty strong cabinet . 
  come on be honest , that was a promising speech . 
  i hope it all works out . 
  she seems a woman of conviction and i at least will give her the chance . 
  about time you pulled your weight with nato . 
  it was a pretty good pmq 's , cameron referring to corbyn as the black knight from monty python had me chuckling . 
  it 's just a debate with no legislative power . 
  a bit like the debate on banning trump on entering the uk . 
  farage certainly is n't an option , he 's not a member of the government . 
  books or leaflets ? 
  she is n't even in the job yet . 
  yup , well done france . 
  pleased and relieved it all went off without any major incident . 
  with the 2 new aircraft carriers , trident renewal vote this month which is expected to pass , the f-35bw lightning now arriving and the order for 4 new submarine-hunting p-8a poseidon aircraft it certainly seems we 're upping defence spending . 
  i think the main reason she 's delaying is the government need to decide what their end game is and what their negotiating position will be . 
  none of which was decided prior to the referendum . 
  good news . 
  may can be installed as pm and we can move on . 
  i get more work emails a day . 
  i think he 's so wrong . 
  his answer to brexit and rising anti-eu rhetoric in many countries is more and faster european integration . 
  too fast people will react , a more measured approach is necessary imo . 
  brexit strikes back , europhiles . 
  this is good news if you ask me . 
  andrea leadsome for pm, 
  apparently new zealand have offered the uk its top trade negotiators according to the telegraph . 
  the financial markets seem to have reacted similarly to my social media timelines . 
  at least it 's a free & fair democracy in action . 
  not many countries would have the balls . 
  yeah , also agree with that .
