  i do n't think juncker does the eu cause any good if i 'm honest . 
  he 's like the sepp blatter of the eu . 
  cracking achievement . 
  look set to finish second behind the us and ahead of china . 
  the problem with the refugees unfortunately is schengen , once they 're across the eu 's eastern border they 're in and the french authorities have no idea where they came in and how . 
  britain is fortunate that it has a physical border and is not part of schengen , so calais becomes a bottleneck . 
  listen , i know we all in europe now have problems with refugees/economic migrants . 
  britain is taking refugees from camps in jordan & lebanon . 
  we rightfully wo n't accept these guys . 
  how does this problem belong to the uk . 
  these migrants travelled all the way across europe to reach calais . 
  the geneva convention says they should claim asylum in the first safe country . 
  it 's not our fault the lack of border controls in europe allows them to travel the continent completely unhindered and turn up on our door step . 
  they said it was mental health when the american lady was stabbed in london last month . 
  not convinced at all it was , or if this is just a convenient excuse to explain away individual attacks . 
  i think that 's probably true . 
  some sort of post-empire inherited guilt i assume . 
  never believed in inherited guilt myself . 
  nothing has changed , certainly in my life , as of yet . 
  i 'm from the north of england where traditionally i think it 's fair to say the majority would consider themselves left wing . 
  historically we 'd believe in nationalised industries , a welfare state , and social equality but in the same breath we 'd believe in a strong armed forces including a nuclear deterrent , controlled immigration , and have a sense of nationalism . 
  the left in the uk seem to have morphed into a bit of a self-hating bunch who deem any sense of national pride as being bad . 
  i 'd vote for corbyn on his economic policies but i can not vote for him due to so many of the reasons listed . 
  there 's a huge vacuum for a sensible centre-left party in the uk that labour are just not filling . 
  good , targeted lottery funding focusing on sports we believed we could win . 
  it 's taken a long time to get here . 
  women 's hockey team into the final now as well . 
  bizarre , the referendum has passed . 
  i wonder if they 'd object to other political groups using their image/logo 's etc for political gain . 
  they 're planning for the worst , not plotting a mass exodus . 
  so he 's actually head of the european olympic committees not just the irish one from what i 've read ? 
  that 's a fucking stupid question is n't it . 
  fair enough , it still seems a bizarre choice of swimwear though . 
  why not a t-shirt & baseball cap like most people would do !, 
  apparently she wore it as saatchi prefers his partners to be very pale !, 
  she should 've told him to get stuffed . 
  why any woman would be with a man who was that controlling is beyond me . 
  hopefully like the norwegian one . 
  yeah , depending on how you show the table . 
  in the uk they tend to show the table based on golds . 
  china back ahead though now on golds as well for now . 
  a nice bit of good news for a change , let 's hope we keep it up . 
  well , we are n't quite like the americans . 
  we vote for a party not the leader of said party . 
  she was still elected as an mp and the parliamentary party made her leader . 
  there would be no point in holding a general election now , the tory 's & may would walk it . 
  always wanted my own stalker . 
  amazing to think this shark was probably alive when james i was on the throne . 
  does this mean they 'll stop flying into uk airspace then ? 
  love it !, 
  i 'm not acting as if britain is secure , i 'm aware and am expecting difficulties . 
  i do not believe it will be the ongoing cataclysmic event most on this sub wish it to be . 
  there is the broadcasting standards commission who have licensing powers . 
  they could be pulled up for a breach and have their licence suspended or something . 
  it will almost certainly hurt them , the major european markets need access to the uk and it would make absolutely no sense other than inside this sub to do such a thing . 
  the uk as a current eu member already complies with all eu treaties & trading standards , it will not take anywhere near that long . 
  the most difficult issue will be freedom of movement etc. 
  if true , why would they negotiate for two years & then do that ? 
  hopefully sky news will be facing some form of criminal charge over this , if not in romania then in the uk . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  there 'll be no formal negotiations until we activate article 50 , we then have at least two years before we leave during which time negotiations will occur . 
  this is if we leave the free market entirely without a trade deal , which is unlikely . 
  that 's what i said . 
  yeah , i think that 's fair enough and we should contribute to develop the single market to some degree . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's to the levels that some on here are expecting . 
  we can be pretty sure about how much cash we put in but it 's far harder to be sure about how much comes back in economic benefits . 
  as apparently there 's no definitive study of the economic impact of the uk 's eu membership or the costs and benefits of withdrawal . 
  it 's likely we 'll agree some form of free-trade agreement post an exit but we do n't know what that will be yet , or even if we just join eea/efta it 's still too early to say until the government decide their end-game . 
  in 2015 the uk government paid # 13 billion to the eu budget , and eu spending on the uk was # 4.5 billion . 
  so the uk 's ` net contribution ' was estimated at about # 8.5 billion . 
  this figure includes britain 's rebate , and was a figure from a fact check think-tank prior to the referendum . 
  monetary union then . 
  no expert , but if britain leaves i ca n't see how it can continue to pay into eu ` coffers ' at a similar rate . 
  especially as the uk was never part of the fiscal union . 
  kind of intriguing when we were reading yesterday that hotels in france and many other parts of europe hit by terrorism are only a third full . 
  i suspect this is largely non-eu tourism , perhaps the us & china etc. 
  i do n't know how ` legal ' holding a referendum on an issue whereby it 's made clear prior to the vote that the largest majority wins , and then amend it afterwards so there must be a vote in the house of commons . 
  the referendum was n't advisory , it was never sold as being that . 
  it would be unwise in my opinion , it would surely be open to counter-claim . 
  the electorate decided and if the house of commons go against that the fallout would be immense . 
  ohh a german magazine said it . 
  must be true then . 
  how will they block an exit ? 
  tragic . 
  rip . 
  turn up dressed as batman . 
  what sort of twisted & warped ideology makes it ok to hunt down family members , murder & dismember them ? 
  i find this infuriating . 
  we have some of the most passive and engaging police forces in the world , this is n't the u.s ; we do n't go around shooting black people on a daily basis . 
  i understand the sense of injustice in the u.s but not here . 
  i do n't know why you would kidnap and then gang rape a gay man to show your hatred of gays ? 
  not that i 'm agreeing with the wider point but norway is included in the freedom of movement as part of the eea . 
  how will you do that ? 
  i ca n't believe people who live in western democracies , in free & largely fair countries , are arguing against the very democratic system that provides them with so much , especially when you look at what 's going on in so many undemocratic countries around the world . 
  i do n't think anyone would argue that democracy is perfect , but what 's your alternative ? 
  snore . 
  ... and the inapropriate t-shirt of the year award goes to ... 
  type 45 's have successfully operated in the gulf and indian ocean 's on a number of occasions . 
  there is an issue with the generators , but their performance has been vastly improved . 
  new generators are to be installed which should solve the problem entirely .
