  people arguing against direct democracy , what a time to be alive . 
  i think this is maybe one welshman 's opinion . 
  certainly not representative of any welsh people i know . 
  i 'd be more worried as a german . 
  it was still 2016 in the uk at least and most of europe , attack carried out at 0130 local time , 1030 gmt . 
  she wants to ` lift and shift ' rights enshrined in the echr and write them into uk law . 
  she wants uk courts to have the final say on how they 're implemented . 
  it 's not the uk going full retard , being an authoritarian regime or whatever else some of you call it . 
  so i 've just read this guy was a convicted arsonist in italy , was refused asylum , but could not be deported as his home country of tunisia refused to accept he was a citizen . 
  this sort of shit needs to end , it is too easy for people to come into europe and cause chaos . 
  he should have been stopped , and be either in prison or deported back to tunisia , but no he 's currently wandering around somewhere being responsible for mass murder and is a threat to everyone . 
  shocking incompetence !, 
  seemed like a brave man , came to a brutal end at the hands of savages . 
  well this is embarrassing . 
  truly , truly terrible . 
  i think the best thing to do is to continue to visit the christmas markets , even if you would n't normally attend one , go anyway . 
  rip to those lost and thoughts with their families & the people of berlin . 
  is have claimed responsibility according to the bbc . 
  this is n't the first time we 've seen this style of attack , it 's hardly surprising people are coming to the obvious conclusion . 
  so terribly sad , again ... 
  rip to the ambassador . 
  cowardly attack . 
  the end of western political civilisation ( donald tusk ) world war 3 ( david cameron ) an immediate recession - 3 million people to lose their jobs . 
  an eu army being called a dangerous fantasy ( nick clegg ) few off the top of my head . 
  it does n't offend me . 
  we need an amicable withdrawal from the eu for both parties . 
  not grudges to be held . 
  we are n't your enemy , we just do n't share the same vision . 
  the uk simply does n't share the federal vision of the eu and the further removal of powers from the uk parliament to brussels . 
  that 's it , it 's not complicated . 
  i do n't know why this is so hard for many people to understand . 
  aye , this one and hadrian 's , though i suppose that 's technically roman . 
  when are the dutch elections , and how is wilders ' party doing in the polls ? 
  does indoctrination of children not happen in every walk of life . 
  from religion , to nationalism and even politics , children very often reflect their own parents belief system . 
  yes , you 're probably right . 
  the north east , where i 'm from , also has one of the lowest median salaries . 
  would n't change it for the world though , we have trees & green fields & cool things like that . 
  at first glance , not as bad as i thought it would be ... 
  i 'd be interested to see the wage inequality between regions in the uk . 
  it 'll be london & se massively ahead of everyone else . 
  i think it 's oppressive . 
  why would any person in a free world walk out dressed in that fashion . 
  it 's a misogynistic controlling custom that gives all the power to the man . 
  is that enough ? 
  no we do n't , though popular opinion largely supports it . 
  yup , i know . 
  but if more european states do , the more political pressure will build . 
  `` the full veil must be banned wherever that is legally possible , '' she said . 
  interesting , i wish we 'd do this in the uk . 
  we abandoned the catobar as it was cheaper i agree , but only cheaper in terms of the manufacture of the qe class and nothing to do with operating cheaper or sub-standard aircraft . 
  the plan was always to fly harrier style short take off and vertical landing aircraft . 
  i suppose this is why it 's better to have aircraft capable of vertical landings like the f-35b . 
  `` you do n't need it to be christmas , to know you 're sitting next to a turkey '' cameron was pretty good at pmq 's to be fair to him . 
  we love bacon . 
  the population of cardiff every year basically . 
  i bet he 's called bjorn . 
  `` we are borg , you will be assimilated '' ... 
  i was referring to fillon 's british wife . 
  alright mate !, 
  ah okay , cheers for clarifying . 
  i sort of agree that it should n't be a given that we leave the eea as is being proposed . 
  it is however a complicated argument , as many did vote leave to reduce immigration , which we clearly ca n't do whilst remaining in the eea . 
  some prominent leavers such as , and correct me if i 'm wrong , dan hannan preferred the soft-brexit approach ? 
  likely france will have a british first lady . 
  lovely pics . 
  as an irish person , who speaks english i 'd say you 're already pretty well integrated . 
  unless you just want to ostracise yourself because you 're offended by slot machines in pubs of course . 
  and boulders , clearly . 
  oh i understand that , i 've never seen it on pizza box levels though lol , it 's kind of sweet . 
  `` beach '' ... 
  the butthurt is strong . 
  irish flag used as english language identifier on pizza box - top voted post on this sub . 
  lol . 
  i think this was probably the natural reaction , it 'll be interesting to see if this trend is maintained though . 
  a nice bit of post-brexit propaganda this one . 
  the man 's a bigot is n't he . 
  southern europe are like ` meh ' ... 
  amazing photograph . 
  ` corrupt fifa sit in judgement over charitable organisation ' . 
  they 're holding onto browsing history for 1 year , for review if a crime has been committed . 
  i really do n't have a problem with this , there could be crucial evidence that helps put away some very dangerous people . 
  they are n't interested that you may look at porn occasionally . 
  no chance . 
  france already has nukes . 
  the uk 's are also there to protect nato countries , not just our own . 
  trump will be pulled into line on nato . 
  confirmed now it was them . 
  however , it was supposedly for internal purposes only , they were n't commissioned , and was made without any access to ministers . 
  lol - alright mate . 
  the government are saying it was an unsolicited memo , i.e. 
  they have n't been commissioned by the government ? 
  so it 's a reach to say it 's the government lying for damage control . 
  by the way , where are you getting it was a deloitte memo , all i 've read was it was an unnamed individual & they had `` no idea where it came from '' ? 
  yes of course , it was ` leaked ' with an agenda . 
  well , the memo came from an individual from an unsolicited external accountancy firm , but yeah , okay ... 
  not a government memo . 
  no you 're right , the independent has fast lost the credibility it once had . 
  since it went ` online only ' it is exactly what you say , heavily pro-eu clickbait . 
  beautiful .
