  american movie . 
  but lots of countries have independence day 's you know . 
  probably one of the best arguments for remain i 've read . 
  i 'm expecting a remain vote , but i 'd be cautious . 
  we all saw what happened with the polls at the last general election , there could still be a large number of shy brexiteers . 
  if these are accurate figures i 'm pleased to see them at least dropping . 
  i do think more needs to be done , governments ca n't become complacent . 
  we need more patrols in the med and we need to be turning back the boats and arresting the people smugglers . 
  is this even genuine ? 
  i 've not heard a single person mention anything about `` no more queen or royal family ' . 
  it seems ridiculous and i have received ukip circulars previously . 
  what 's with all the `` irish fans do such and such vids '' . 
  another reason to oppose the formation of an eu army . 
  the uk , simply put , does n't share the same vision for the future of europe . 
  there 's no need to be so whiny about it . 
  andy bell from 5 news also reporting it was n't said . 
  i do n't know who to believe just yet . 
  https://twitter.com/raheemkassam/status/743497576167653376 `` eyewitness hicham ben abdallah has told me he `` did not '' hear a man shouting `` britain first '' . 
  more here : '', 
  we 'll understand the motives soon enough . 
  the murderer is in custody . 
  it 's a shocking killing though , i ca n't remember the last time we had an mp executed like this . 
  it may be totally unrelated to the referendum . 
  politics is not worth it . 
  it sounds horrific from the description , shot 3 times , once in the face and stabbed . 
  it really does n't sound good . 
  i think it 's a massive leap to think this is related anyway to the eu referendum though . 
  this sub is a joke tbh . 
  why ca n't individual sovereign countries have their own armies , who co-operate . 
  as they do already , holding joint training etc as members of nato . 
  there is no need for an eu army , unless you 're building an empire . 
  several countries need to increase their gdp percentage spending , that 's all . 
  this article which is linked further down highlights him saying the opposite on the marr show . 
  that 's most of europe atm , the centrists seem to be in a minority these days . 
  i think it 's fear over the migrant crisis that 's splitting people into polar opposite camps . 
  you seriously ca n't see why this is a problem ? 
  it 's more than the population of newcastle , annually . 
  it drives up house prices , stretches infrastructure resources , the nhs , keeps wages low , as well as innumerable other things . 
  in my opinion levels of migration on this scale are unsustainable . 
  calling us nazi 's ? 
  there 's been few large scale anti-immigration protests in the uk . 
  pegida is a german thing , and the protests in germany have been on a much larger scale than anything seen in britain . 
  because net migration is 330k annually . 
  many people feel we need to control or stop entirely freedom of movement . 
  someone said to me yesterday following the sun coming out for leave `` are there really still sections of the british public that are ready to vote at murdoch 's command '' . 
  it 's a nonsensical argument . 
  people are voting leave on the back of their own judgement and what they are seeing in their own communities . 
  it condescends the voter , and this type of advertisement does the same and is counter productive . 
  cameron 's said he would take us out of the eea btw . 
  there will be no freedom of movement . 
  it 's one of the main reasons people are voting for an exit . 
  hmm , intriguing . 
  german & ukraine fans clashing today . 
  all things being equal they should also receive the same treatment . 
  not my bias , read and look at the media . 
  people assume it 's the fault of the england fans , whilst making ` witty ' remarks about `` it 's the eu 's fault '' and other snippets of comedic genius , whilst ignoring the fact england fans were targeted by local hooligans and reacted . 
  what 's this ? 
  the eu coming up with a sensible policy !, 
  more anti-british sentiment on this sub . 
  makes a change . 
  like the rantings of a schoolboy . 
  i kind of feel being a member of the eea should 've been an option on the polling card - we 'd still have to have free movement but we 'd take back a lot of control on important issues such as our fishing waters etc. 
  i 'd have seriously considered voting to leave & join the eea . 
  erdogan needs a punch in the gob . 
  a very well delivered speech and a great orator . 
  according to you . 
  salmond . 
  he 's like a stuck record . 
  ai n't happening big man . 
  you had your referendum and lost . 
  most of the differences you highlight there are historic reasons for each , we have n't decided to just be awkward as that 's the way europe does it . 
  the industrial revolution was launched in the uk , so many of the engineering ` quirks ' as you put it date back to then . 
  fyi driving on the left dates back to the middle ages , most people are right handed , and it was necessary to keep your sword arm free and your scabbard further away from people when travelling on the road . 
  yeah , i find it strange they never demolished it , i think it was built with structural faults in the foundations and has never been occupied . 
  ah , so the uk has no more political weight than liberia . 
   would fit into britains secret dream of becoming a global superpower again . 
  stop it . 
  he 's responded to the use of chemical weapons , as have many other european leaders . 
  it is n't some great conspiracy for brexit negotiations . 
  is n't the tower in piraeus effectively derelict ? 
   the finalit\u00e9 politique is the eu 's manifest destiny . 
  it will become a nation in itself ; it will have its own army , police , income tax , civil code . 
  anyone who refuses to see this is lying to themselves . 
  this is why the majority voted leave imo , most people knew this was where it was going , and i 'm sure many remain voters would flinch at a federal united states of europe . 
  if this is where europe is headed , personally , i think we made the correct decision . 
  very sorry to hear . 
  shit . 
  here we go again ... 
  just a reminder it 's not just the uk that has shown support . 
  france and germany have issued a joint statement highlighting support . 
  tusk has been on twitter showing support . 
  australia show full support . 
  spanish is spoken by more people globally than even english . 
  why not that ? 
  loads of midgies in the summer months . 
  maybe . 
  what 's with the dutch ? 
  getting a few more details this morning . 
  the attacker was british born and acted alone . 
  he was once investigated by mi5 over extremism fears .
