  nah , you 'll be too busy bailing out and enforcing debt slavery on the countries involved in the next eurozone crisis . 
  another example of a government not actually representing the views of the majority of the population . 
  norway has voted twice against joining the eu . 
   said the referendum result had signalled to staff from overseas that they were `` not wanted by people in poole '' . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  i wonder if he 's even considered what non-eu citizens have to go through . 
  lol, 
  this is going to be a repeat of ' 98 . 
  they 're finally retiring the winged hussars / s, 
  because we have n't negotiated our own trade deals since 1973 . 
  the eu is just as corrupt as fifa under blatter . 
  and some people still wonder why we wanted out . 
  it 's alright , he 's just a low grade bank clerk . 
  at least we 're not a 3rd world country . 
  ca n't wait for the next eurozone crisis !, 
  well , at least we wo n't be implementing a discriminatory two-tier immigration policy once we leave . 
  it 's obvious from looking at this sub and reports from brussels that the continent is full of european nationalists and yet apparently we 're the racists . 
  it 's all kicking off . 
  pretty sure no articles like this were published in the aftermath of the 1975 referendum . 
  i wonder why . 
  dr kelly was right after all you scumbag . 
  lord farage might be a possibility . 
  clarke is a federalist . 
  i bet he 's pissed . 
  the same old bigoted farts that voted in back in 1975 ? 
  guess we never should have joined after all . 
  i find it amusing how people who say `` brexit was caused by nationalism '' are now supporting welsh/irish/scots nationalist parties . 
  the road to hell is often paved with good intentions . 
  ukip has a polish councillor and one of their leadership contenders is the son of immigrants iirc, 
  i guess we can expect ukip to campaign for the no vote then , just like they did in the irish referendum on lisbon . 
   in 2015 the uk government paid # 13 billion to the eu budget , and eu spending on the uk was # 4.5 billion . 
  so the uk 's ` net contribution ' was estimated at about # 8.5 billion . 
  it 's the taxpayer money , therefore we can cover any losses . 
  interesting . 
  [ we 're a net contributor . 
  ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million/ ) most of the people on here whinging are going to miss our contribution to the eu budget in two years time . 
  it was an orwell quote , but i 'll rephrase it : all voters are equal , but some voters are more equal than others . 
  `` all animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others . '', 
  as opposed to the lies told by the remain campaign - such as the punishment budget , a rise in interest rates , ww3 and an end to western civilisation . 
  not everyone in europe is an eu federalist . 
  people hold different viewpoints . 
  nick griffin needs to fuck off already . 
  he 's delusional . 
  you 're implying that the other side did n't lie . 
  never voted labour , but i sure do wish tony benn was still alive in order to ridicule arguments like this . 
  and this childish attitude is why we can never have a sensible debate about immigration . 
  renzi defying brussels ? 
  am i dreaming ? 
  euroscepticism is n't a right-wing ideology you moron . 
  they 're desperate . 
  we 're hiring migrants because the eu used to negotiate our trade deals and they were shit at it . 
   your country will crumble long before the eu will . 
  have fun . 
  i give the eussr 10 years at best . 
  and yet another reason to vote out . 
  think of the eu as the league of nations , national governments as weimar germany , the far-right as the nazis and the far-left as the kpd and you 've got your answer . 
  the obama administration seems to be sending mixed messages . 
   juncker led the eu to win a nobel peace prize . 
  tony blair was made a un peace envoy to the middle east yet he started an illegal war in iraq . 
  maybe we should have left you to rot in 1940 after all . 
  what the fuck did you just say to me you xenophobic racist ? 
  i 'll have you know i stayed in my room the whole day for the eu referendum , and i 've been retweeting numerous hashtags on #remain , and i have signed over 300 confirmed petitions . 
  i am educated in metropolitan university degrees and i 'm the only rational voice in the entire eu debate . 
  you are nothing to me but just another racist . 
  i will ignore your vote the fuck out with selective democracy the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with out-voting the remainers in the real world ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of redditors across / r/unitedkingdom and your old , white , xenophobic buttocks are being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , leaver . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your exercising your democracy . 
  you 're fucking dead , oldie . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can downvote you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in ignoring referendum results , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the uk petitions website and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your racist bottoms off the face of the european continent , you racist moron . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , oldie . 
  funny how he ignored 1m anti-iraq war protesters but will listen to ~ 40k pro-eu protesters . 
  i bet you 're one of those milifans who had a tantrum when he lost the general election . 
  yes , send her to the gulag for disobeying the mighty european project !, 
  down with dissenters , hail juncker !, 
  four legs good , two legs bad !, 
  george orwell , is that you ? 
  could say the same about merkel , juncker and whichever german puppet replaces him . 
  delusional people . 
  eussr is falling apart , and is never coming back . 
  i 'm still waiting for ww3 , the end of western civilisation and the punishment budget etc. 
  [ mean ] ( http://campaignforanindependentbritain.org.uk/britain-europe-bruges-group/ ) [ while . 
  ] ( http://www.vernoncoleman.com/euillegally.html ) oh , and the migration argument was always about control - not necessarily reducing it . 
   cameron , who called the referendum . 
  [ people change their minds . 
  ] ( https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-hfsfvvqq3uk/vronpyfhx1i/aaaaaaaaap0/yo7ei0onwpu/s640/cameron%2bis%2bthat%2bit.jpg ), 
   stop immigration of eu citizens . 
  not stop , control ( and make it fairer for non-eu migrants ) . 
   what was holding them back from creating more relations with the rest of the world ? 
  the eu . 
  let 's rebuild hadrian 's wall and make the scots pay for it !, 
   1.1 million leave voters already regret their choice . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/lordashcroft/status/746833416331599873 )  the leave campaign was full of lies . 
  bullshit again , [ but if you want to argue . 
  ] ( http://campaignforanindependentbritain.org.uk/britain-europe-bruges-group/ ) there 's also the `` brexit will cause ww3/end western civilisation '' lie , the `` uk will be at the back of the queue '' lie , the `` punishment budget lie '' and the `` nobody will want to trade with us '' lie .
