  now , everything is done in europe , and europe doing this , europe doing that really means the commission has the powers of initiation and the ministers are under pressure to go along with them , and the public are kept out completely out !, 
  the european parliament has no particular power - you do n't elect members anyway , you just follow the list system . 
  so you do n't have local representation . 
  the whole thing has been structured to keep the people of europe from any approval at any stage ... 
  it 's a european federation , of a kind ... it is an empire being built before our eyes , and what you do about it ca n't be a nationalist response ; it has to be a democratic response '' . 
  tony benn - 19th december , 2007 ( the last diaries p. 48 ) course , your angry anti-english bile is nothing compared to some nasty scot cyber nats or bigoted remainers still refusing to accept the outcome of the referendum , despite some of their campaigns misinformation having been proven to be complete crap ( and yes , if you want to campaign to rejoin rather than overrule the result - join the lib dems - i do n't mind , labour did it in 83 ) i 'd rather engage with decent republicans instead of frothing terrorist apologist lunatics and their bigoted grievance politics , though . 
  as a bonus , have a free [ white nationalist defending the eu . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxgowjbt2bu ) i suppose he takes after [ mosley . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe_a_nation ) and if the irish people decide to hold a referendum on the eu , i 'd support it . 
  [ mr flanagan ] ( https://twitter.com/lukeming?ref_src=twsrc%5egoogle%7ctwcamp%5eserp%7ctwgr%5eauthor ) certainly appreciates what we 've done . 
  i suggest you learn to read rather than try and impose your bigoted grievance politics on me . 
  you assume i 'd care if ni decided to reunify with ireland . 
  i do n't - it 's their choice , certainly seems saner than scottish independence . 
  tony benn , who also campaigned to leave the eu until his death supported reunification . 
  but of course , do n't let that get in the way of your little `` 17.4 million people are english nationalists narrative '' . 
  after all - two minor irish republican parties and snp figures like jim farlie/jim sillars backed leave and sinn fein itself was opposed to eec membership in 1975 . 
  of course , sinn fein could have achieved rights through political means , but bombing innocents in london was too good an opportunity for the ira to pass up . 
  and some germans do n't long for the reich ? 
  pure populist nationalistic rhetoric . 
  i suppose you also support isis because we invaded iraq and killed muslims ? 
   1966 '66 was a good year . 
  probably because we take our refugees from the camps in the middle east , rather than encouraging migrants to stream into europe via human traffickers - this gives an advantage to the far-right and islamic terrorists . 
  everything 's fine as long as soros and murdoch are making money from it . 
  the cause of all the extremism over there at the moment is largely the soviet invasion and the cia funding the mujahadeen recieved . 
  i was n't aware that tony benn , peter shore , barbara castle , frank field , john mann etc were neoliberals, 
   in my opinion it is still better to stop the nonsense now , it was just a nonbinding referendum anyway , shall we ban referendums on joining the eu as well ? 
  why not install a technocracy whilst we 're at it , [ the plebs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6wrdrhv.jpg ) obviously do n't know what 's best for them . 
   the total amount of terror acts from refuges is still zero . 
  so the cologne sex attacks , the ansbach explosion , the axe attack etc never happened ? 
  i was referring to taking in millions of migrants without vetting them . 
  the far-right and islamic terrorism are on the rise . 
  the conservatives = far-right ? 
  you must be joking . 
  becoming a daily occurrence now . 
  incompetence is costing lives . 
  right , so leaving the eu = racist . 
  pathetic , you do realise birmingham has a large ethnic minority population . 
  if labour keep corbyn ( who has similar approval ratings to the infamous michael foot ) and ukip elect woolfe , then yes . 
  they 'll probably end up taking the north and wales whilst the conservatives and lib dems also steal votes from labour . 
  ukip , who have 1 mp and will likely become the first british mainstream political party to elect a mixed race leader . 
  and they 're not in the same group as the pvv clowns . 
  and a rise of the far-right , which will just result in an endless cycle of violence between them and islamic terrorists . 
  have you checked oil prices recently ? 
  the eu centralises powers , westminster devolves them . 
  of course , a bigoted moron would n't vare bout the welsh . 
   months-long campaign of populist nationalism and xenophobia ah yes , i suppose we 'll still get morons claiming that wanting controlled immigration that does n't create a two tier system that favours europeans is racist nationalism even when the kippers become the first mainstream party to elect a mixed race leader . 
  you 're actually delusional . 
  i suppose malta 's 53-46 referendum on joining the eu was a disruption , then ? 
  only english people.can vote for brexit !, 
  martin mcguinness , is that you ? 
  and then there 's irish nationalists like gerry `` i was n't in the ira '' adams . 
  farage is n't a nationalist . 
  iirc ~ 40 % of snp voters voted to leave, 
  `` what kind of internationalism puts a german over an indian or a frenchman over an australian ? '', 
  - barbara castle the eu is the source of european nationalism . 
  ireland rejoining the uk is more likely to happen than ni leaving the uk . 
  and ireland will never rejoin the uk . 
  despite the fact that over 1 million scots and 44 % of ni voted to leave ? 
  bollocks . 
  in a couple of years time when we 're the only country in europe without a far-right/left government you 'll realise how stupid you sound . 
  smaller union that devolves powers  larger union that centralises them uk single market  eu single market in terms of scottish trade, 
  erdogan could have got someone to orchestrate it for him in secret , or he may have been tipped off and therefore decided to use it to his advantage so he could purge these gulenists . 
  it 's almost as if you do n't know what the barnett formula is for . 
  and cities like birmingham and sunderland voted to leave . 
  most of those places probably also applied for heritage lottery or government funding as well . 
  besides , we 're a net contributor and the money can be put towards barnett . 
  they did n't say.they would , they said they could . 
  just look at the surge in migration after 2004 . 
  b-b-but this sub told me that brexiteers were the racist ones !, 
  do you want akp supporters and gulenists to come over here ? 
  i 'd rather have the liberal ones . 
  should 've never left efta for the eec in the first place . 
  and george soros could still make money out of it . 
  `` those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable . '', 
  - jfk, 
   the doletariat we have one of the lowest levels of unemployment in europe . 
  the amount of people who consider themselves european in any country is never more than 30 % . 
  he criticised obama for telling people how to vote . 
  no , we 've had enough of pointless wars for the time being . 
  i 'd wager both the dnc and the rnc are corrupt , but we 've only seen one sides dirty laundry . 
   since they 're incapable of maintaining a functioning asylum system ? 
  you let two million migrants in to germany in two years without vetting them , and it is costing lives . 
  islamic terrorists and the far-right will continue to carry out violent attacks until merkel stops being an incompetent moron or someone competent replaces her . 
  she even tried to cover up the cologne sex attacks . 
  excessive uncontrolled immigration like this simply leads to violence , nationalism and segregation . 
  europe is now paying the price . 
  only accepting refugees from camps in the middle east and not encouraging human traffickers to send them to europe was one of the better decisions our government made . 
  a potential increase in anti-eu sentiment could theoretically work in our favour - they 'd have to be appeased . 
  although i doubt even farage would want to work with some of the far-right nutjobs on the continent . 
  it makes the dnc rightfully look like a sack of shit , but i bet the rnc is just as bad , and the media response to that would have been different . 
  sad , really as sanders was a decent guy . 
  apparently westminster is to blame for ` israeli crimes ' . 
  they might want to team up with the snp . 
  two years too late . 
  i guess it 's time to stop bailing continental europeans out of their shitty wars then . 
  if the eu falls , it could be like yugoslavia all over again . 
  and now they 're not . 
  sadly blair 's damage ca n't be undone . 
  european nationalists . 
  lol,
