  greece and varoufakis singlehandedly proved it . 
  it is simply the fourth reich , and germany will continue to abuse its ' political and economic strength in the eu to pummel smaller nation stations into submission for the gain of the current sitting german national government . 
  any left winger voting to remain is n't doing it from the perspective of a socialist , or rather , one who beliefs in what is known as `` left wing '' economic theorem ( demand  supply ) . 
  they are doing it for socially progressive ideals , which is fine . 
  but do n't cuss out people with left wing economic beliefs for voting to leave . 
  the eu will turn into a corrupt oligarchy similar to the u.s. more and more with each passing year , and federalization or secession of powers will just speed that process up further . 
  and there will come a point where , again similar to the u.s. , the bullshit supply side economics theorem will turn europe into an oligarchic , nepotist piece of shit , where all political discourse will be limited toward red herring social issues ( similar to abortion or gay marriage in the u.s. ) . 
  no , friendo . 
  a socialist would vote to leave europe . 
  a socialist should have learned to fear what europe is becoming ( or already has turned into ) . 
  it 's only the limousine liberals who shout about social issues , like the lunatics on college campuses , that will vote to stay in . 
  and look , in typical fashion , they are shaming anyone who disagrees , mocking them , and submitting them to `` purity tests '' . '', 
  you know exactly what my point was . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4p3cfy/left_wingers_for_brexit_need_to_wake_up_to_what/d4hutr4 `` ugh . 
  this constant pro-remain spam is fucking annoying . 
  i 'm not a globalist . 
  the way the eu treated greece is a fucking joke . 
  i do n't think the free movement of labour across the eu is beneficial to our indigenous working class . 
  at all . 
  i think house prices need to come down , become much more affordable and stop being used as investment fucking opportunities . 
  i 'm sick of communities being destroyed by an overabundance of immigrants . 
  i do n't want to be 1 of 100 people applying for a shite 16hr a week part-time contract . 
  brexit is an opportunity for change . 
  real change . 
  a chance for britain to choose its own future . 
  we 're not the only country that wants to leave the eu . 
  we can set a trend here , which is why big business and the majority of politicians want us to ` bremain ' . 
  globalism , as it is , is bullshit . 
  the world is not ready for it , especially not the way it has been implemented . 
  we need to take our country , look after each other , and hold the politicians accountable for their actions . 
  being pro-remain does n't make you left wing , being pro-leave does n't make you right wing . 
  so please stop being self-righteous sanctimonious bellends . 
  stop trying to scare people into making a decision that benefits your interests and not their own . 
  people will vote however they want to vote . 
  stop branding them as racists , thick , or troublemakers just because they disagree with you . 
  it 's perfectly fine to have a different opinion to someone else . '', 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4p3cfy/left_wingers_for_brexit_need_to_wake_up_to_what/d4hzayu `` the way the eu handled the greek `` insurrection '' when varoufakis became finance minister and tried to renegotiate debt restructuring would have been a very clear warning to any actual socialist/leftist concerning the eu 's true intentions . 
  number one , the eu is not interested in facts . 
  varoufakis went and faced an incredibly hostile eu - finding few friends , if any , in the finance ministers ' eurogroup . 
  the few he did find , like italy under renzi 's left-wing leadership , proved neither to have the political clout to take on the german-controlled northern bloc ( nl/dk/fi / de ) , and the french simply did n't want to stir the pot - despite finding more common ground with the greeks . 
  in other words , the eu proved itself to be absolutely owned by germany . 
  what germany says , goes , regardless of the input or desire of other member states to go against it . 
  now , secondly , varoufakis ' argument was actually solid . 
  greece will never ( and i mean never ) be able to pay back even 50 % of the current outstanding debt to europe without further financial assistance . 
  in other words , they 're comparable to an individual who 's begging the bank for new credit cards just to pay off the old ones , not to mention their rent , food and other monthly costs , and the continuously rising interest costs . 
  varoufakis provided a factually accurate presentation of the financial status of greece , and he also showed how the current - and flawed - approach of the european community toward greece would not help europe in the long run , nor greece . 
  there was a systemic issue that needed addressing , but that a lot of northern politicians simply could not sell their voting base . 
  that political influence had already been used up on the initial bailout for greece , one that varoufakis argues should never have been implemented ( again , it was neither healthy for greece nor europe , but it was done with the political view of the impact on national french and german banks who owned large portions of bad greek debt ) . 
  instead of acknowledging reality , europe not only showed varoufakis the door , they went after him personally , insisting that the greek government remove him from the cabinet if there was any chance of further cooperation . 
  this , despite the fact that the imf - the only body that is not politically elected and thus did n't have to swing the way of their local voters , i.e. 
  no bailout for greece without a public execution of varoufakis and humiliation of the nation as a whole , eventually acknowledged that the eu negotiated from a position of bad faith and that varoufakis had presented such an accurate and true argument , that the imf would no longer agree to provide funds for an additional bailout without debt restructuring ( read : forgiveness ) . 
  the italians buckled , the french cowered , and the germans imposed their will - knowing full well it would be harmful - purely out of considerations for domestic appeal . 
  the eu is a sham . 
  greece and varoufakis singlehandedly proved it . 
  it is simply the fourth reich , and germany will continue to abuse its ' political and economic strength in the eu to pummel smaller nation stations into submission for the gain of the current sitting german national government . 
  any left winger voting to remain is n't doing it from the perspective of a socialist , or rather , one who beliefs in what is known as `` left wing '' economic theorem ( demand  supply ) . 
  they are doing it for socially progressive ideals , which is fine . 
  but do n't cuss out people with left wing economic beliefs for voting to leave . 
  the eu will turn into a corrupt oligarchy similar to the u.s. more and more with each passing year , and federalization or secession of powers will just speed that process up further . 
  and there will come a point where , again similar to the u.s. , the bullshit supply side economics theorem will turn europe into an oligarchic , nepotist piece of shit , where all political discourse will be limited toward red herring social issues ( similar to abortion or gay marriage in the u.s. ) . 
  no , friendo . 
  a socialist would vote to leave europe . 
  a socialist should have learned to fear what europe is becoming ( or already has turned into ) . 
  it 's only the limousine liberals who shout about social issues , like the lunatics on college campuses , that will vote to stay in . 
  and look , in typical fashion , they are shaming anyone who disagrees , mocking them , and submitting them to `` purity tests '' . 
  vote leave . '', 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4p3cfy/left_wingers_for_brexit_need_to_wake_up_to_what/d4hutr4 https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4p3cfy/left_wingers_for_brexit_need_to_wake_up_to_what/d4hzayu, 
  why on earth are they producing borderline racist rubbish/hyperbole like this when there are clear arguments for the uk to leave : . 
  i do n't think the anti-markeeters of 1975 would approve of such a leaflet . 
  it 's a shame that some of them died just a few years before the referendum , a real shame . 
  why , just why , can ' t morons like this actually present a proper argument ( yes this is possible ) rather than bullshit that leans towards the bnp vote . 
  i 'm sure we 'd be able to convince more voters with actual , reasonable arguments , not immigrants = bad . 
  controlled immigration is a good thing , no migration is not . 
  it is not racist to want a civil debate on immigration . 
  i am tired of the same condescending smug `` you do n't have an argument , you do n't have any facts '' , but this sort of campaigning just makes our position worse . 
  yes , some in the vote leave campaign are putting their spin on the facts - so are you . 
  https://youtu.be/9x-dvmsj2ny?t=37m59s thatcher supported the eec - a free trade agreement . 
  she later opposed further eu integration . 
  thatcher realised that ted heath had sold her out , that we were lied to ( voting for the eec meant voting for a free trade bloc , not further eu integration ) but according to this remainer she was a massive europhile . 
  nicola sturgeon wo n't have a 2nd referendum on scottish independence - they would n't be accepted into the eu . 
  ( much like turkey would n't currently be ) . 
  eurosceptics have a valid argument . 
  do n't let it by hijacked by racists - make it an independence day for all , not just a white minority . 
  do n't let those in the remain campaign smugly look down upon you when they 're supported by politicians who get trashed in almost every tv debate . 
  i do n't see how anyone can persuaded by izzard , he 's actually probably one of leaves biggest assets due to his failure as a debater . 
  and then there 's corbyn , a committed eurosceptic from the day he joined the labour party until very recently , for questionable reasons . 
  sinn fein , who have strong links to ex-ira members , are backing the remain campaign - but how well advertised is that ? 
  `` the facts '' , are supported by goldman sachs and george soros - who i could compare to trump in terms of intelligence . 
  i 'm not saying that there wo n't be negative short term effects with regards to exiting , i believe that the long term outcome will be worth it . 
  nobody seems to want to listen to genuine facts in support of brexit , it 's all lies they say , despite running a campaign based upon project fear ( seriously though , i see more negatives to exiting than positives to staying in on their campaign pages ) - the very same style of campaigning that peter shore went up against in 1975 when he advocated for us to leave the eec . 
  remember , that the goal of the eu is further integration - http://i.imgur.com/ebivmej.jpg that is also a fact . 
  dissent against this is rarely tolerated . 
  greece would almost certainly be better off if they were n't in the eurozone , but instead syriza were forced to accept a bailout package despite the referendum that rejected it . 
  similar incidents have occurred in portugal , austria , france and ireland ( who we would still share a common travel agreement with ) , although not to the same extent . 
  we were sold out by ted heath in 1975 , now we are being sold out by david cameron in 2016 . 
  do n't let racist bigots ruin what is a genuine protest against an undemocratic eu - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqy2chx4d3u we , as a people have a genuine chance to shape our future , and the future of both europe and the world , by adopting internationalism over protectionism - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j-gb8pk2pk, 
  hypocrisy , as well . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9x-dvmsj2ny&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=37m59s here we have evidence of lies apparently thatcher was a europhile despite voting in the eec because she , like everyone else , believed it was a free trade agreement . 
  thatcher later opposed further integration . 
  a 2nd scottish referendum - sturgeon would n't hold one because scotland does n't meet the requirements to leave the eu , it 's political suicide .
