  why on earth would people like him join ukip if it was openly racist ? 
  i do n't remember seeing any black people joining the retards over at the bnp . 
   those fishermen really do n't give a crap about sustainability do they ? 
  neither do norwegian fishermen ... oh wait . 
  the bnp sadly still exist . 
   closet racists https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steven_woolfe, 
  i 'd like to think he was referring to the `` shot heard round the world '' ( american revolution ) but it was still very insensitive . 
  snp being strong for scotland and fighting against westminster tyranny once again, 
  bit late for that is n't it ? 
  even as someone who voted out that would still make me laugh . 
  donald trump could be your president come november . 
  sad thing is we probably wont , [ people in similar positions in the recent past have largely been ignored . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/05/britain-inhumane-and-shameful-over-ayslum-for-afghan-interpreter/ ), 
  it 's almost as if there 's a revolving door full of crises . 
  that 's a shame , because you 'd be one of the first patients to be offered such a cure if we could . 
  * my narrative disproves that . 
  b-b-but i was told all the leave voters hated poles !, 
   uk did n't pay it 's fee . 
  it got a huge discount and still did n't want to pay that . 
  the 2nd largest net contributor in 2015 `` did n't pay its fee '' . 
  ok then . 
  yes , insult those who hold different opinions . 
  that 'll make them come round to your way of thinking . 
   the uk is also by far the biggest receiver of funding for science in the eu . 
  the uk is the second largest net contributor for 2015 . 
   hahaha , yea , the tories ca n't wait for that . 
  oh no , it 's those evil tories again . 
  grow up . 
  oh no , the evil murdoch media empire might corrupt our academics !, 
   science is not done on a national scale , it is more like a global competition for finding interesting and progressive new mechanics or improve existing ideas . 
  and yet the majority of nations are able to carry this out without being an eu member . 
  wikileaks just did it for a laugh , clearly . 
   uk was simply the first to completely detach itself from everyone else . 
  `` what kind of internationalism puts a german over an indian or a frenchman over an australian ? '', 
  - barbara castle, 
  lambs led to the slaughter . 
  nothing , erdogan is simply going to replace them with people who will willingly indoctrinate the next generation . 
  a 1984 style state  democracy , clearly . 
   `` we stand ready to help ensure that great britain and northern ireland maintains its world leading position in research and innovation . '', 
  good . 
  except stalinism can be seen as another form of fascism . 
  i suppose things would be different if nemtsov were still alive . 
   coppell was speaking at the start of the first of a series of lawsuits brought by individuals to demand that the british government win legislative approval from parliament before triggering article 50 . 
  i doubt the snp would have to deal with this if the scots voted for independence , and yet people are trying to overrule this referendum . 
   and who was funding the n. irish , scottish , and welsh territories ? 
  not the uk , that 's for sure !, 
   billions in subsidies from the eu , # 11bn from us v 500 million from the eu ( which is just our money sent back to us from brussels ), 
  communist . 
   yea , we grew up and stopped it . 
  keep telling yourself that and maybe it 'll be true one day . 
   uk destroyed it 's own manufacturing industry i wonder why we did it - perhaps domestic production could no longer compete with imports and it was n't just some `` evil tory plot '' . 
   they just want to keep fucking over young people . 
  a pathetic and bigoted viewpoint . 
  perhaps you do n't remember why the winter fuel allowance was introduced , for example . 
   prevented xenophobic shitbags from voting leave . 
  lmao you 're pathetic . 
   uhh . 
  its not the eu countries trying to break up the uk ? 
  its the english by choosing then trying to force brexit on the scots and northern irish when they dont want it ; and the scots continuing to try to leave the uk , which they were trying to do prior to this eu referendum even being discussed . 
  referendums are bad when they do n't go the way that i want them to !, 
   the eu is n't in any way involved in that . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/angela-merkel-rules-out-ireland-brexit-deal-409983.html  and its the brits who seem to not remember why previous world wars were fought , since they are so keen to leave the eu and try to break it up ? 
  you 're naive to think of the eu as a peace project . 
  i 'd place more faith in the un . 
  when you consider the fact that the uup , sinn fein and the irish govt were all on the remain side , and just the dup campaigned to leave , 44 % is a pretty good result . 
   the main parties split over brexit , with the largely protestant democratic unionist party backing `` leave '' and the mainly catholic sinn fein campaigning for `` remain . '' iirc the uup backed remain and sinn fein have always been very eurosceptic, 
  they 're shit anarchists if they 're protesting in favour of the eu . 
  funny how merkel is the first european leader to comment on this . 
   nigel farage has been interrogated and ridiculed about why he chose not to learn flemmish , german or french while working in brussels as a ukip mep . 
  yet more unbiased reporting from the rag known as the independent . 
  they 're as bad as the sun . 
  they 'll probably end up like von stauffenburg . 
   the budget shortfall we 're a net contributor . 
  time to start sending our criminals over there again / s, 
  the germans voted for hitler . 
  17 + million people disagree . 
   and to say the uk avoided something is to disregard the eurosceptic propaganda that lead to brexit as something other than a well orchestrated and well financed hibrid attack against both british and european interest . 
  anywhere you see euroscepticism or precursor events that lead to ultra nationalist movements , think textbook kgb undermining tradecraft . 
  lmao, 
  and they wonder why people are starting to vote for le pen . 
  it 's alright , we took back control . 
  we 've had to put up with the stupid nutter party banging on about independence and how westminster is evil for years . 
  [ meanwhile , ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/snp-scotland-cant-budget-wont-budget-1549820 ) [ they 're fucking over scotland . 
  ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2015/10/the-snp-has-made-a-mess-of-scotland-and-nicola-sturgeon-is-struggling-to-deny-it/ ), 
  it 's the stupid nutter party 's attempt at political point scoring . 
  pretty sure ukip wants less military intervention as well . 
   english nationalism is at stupidity levels . 
  english nationalism = bad scottish and irish nationalism = good ok, 
  it 's the guardian , leftist gutter journalism . 
   did n't get any seats here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_mundell, 
   it 's called the european union . 
  [ no thanks . 
   eu citizens have less worth i wonder how non-eu citizens feel , as they were the second tier in a two-tier immigration policy . 
   by the campaign based on lies . 
  wew lad remain also lied . 
  the remain vote in 1975 was acquired through lies . 
  lefty tossers !, 
   from here we can see the leave campaign for the senseless english nationalism it was 44 % of ni voted to leave . 
   try to reform the eu . 
  the only reform anyone is going to get is ` more europe ' .
