   `` in a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way . 
  if the remain campaign win two-thirds to one-third that ends it . '', 
  he 's simply acting like the snp did after the independence referendum i.e that they would still go on campaigning as it was a close result . 
  however , the leave side did in fact keep quiet after their defeat in 75 until the maastricht treaty in the nineties - and there was no referendum on that . 
  now , do tell me - did the leave side call for the referendum in 75 to be ignored or overturned ? 
  because that was such a successful policy in yugoslavia . 
  just because iraq was a giant fuck up does n't mean nato should no longer intervene where absolutely necessary . 
  unless we want free movement with every single country on the planet , we 're forced to use a two-tier immigration policy . 
  did the leave side call for the referendum in 75 to be ignored or overturned ? 
  wanting to remove a two-tier immigration policy and replace it with a fair , controlled immigration policy = hating eu citizens, 
  i do n't think someone like erdogan is going to get rid of just the gulenists . 
  hitler used the reichstag fire to eliminate more than just the kpd , after all . 
  as if the rest of europe is innocent . 
  hollande will end up like blair at this rate . 
  go on ... 
   liberal internationalists in britain have plenty of reasons to despair over the vote to leave the european union . 
  `` what kind of internationalism puts a german over an indian or a frenchman over an australian ? '', 
  - barbara castle, 
   show people that european integration works . 
  lol, 
  turks look like illegal immigrants ? 
  that sounds a bit xenophobic to me . 
  why would ukip hate him if he 's a legal immigrant ? 
  you do realise that very few members of the older generation actually had the chance to go to university . 
  do n't bother , anyone right of jeremy corbyn is apparently a fascist . 
  http://campaignforanindependentbritain.org.uk/britain-europe-bruges-group/  another revealing measure of how deeply the culture of deceit had now set in was the curious story of the common fisheries policy , and the heath government 's response to the crude ambush set up by the six to ensure that , as part of their price of entry , the four applicant countries , britain , ireland , denmark and norway , would have to hand over to the community their fishing waters , the richest in the world . 
  ( all documents cited on the cfp are from pro files in fo 30/656 -9 )  on the very day the applications went in , june 30 1970 , the six hastily approved the principle that member-states should be given `` equal access '' to each other 's fishing waters , under brussels control . 
  the point was that , because this had now become part of the acquis communautaire , the body of existing community law , the applicant countries would have to accept it as afait accompli . 
  within a few years , as everyone knew , national fishing waters were due to be extended out under international law to 200 miles . 
  because the waters belonging to the four applicant states would then contain most of the fish in european waters , this would give the six an astonishing prize . 
   in fact the six knew their new fisheries policy was not even legal . 
  among the foreign office papers released in 2001 was an internal council of ministers document , dating from june1970 , which shows how desperate the brussels lawyers had been to find some article in the treaty of rome which could be used to authorise such a policy . 
  there was none . 
  the policy therefore had no legal justification , and other papers show that the foreign office knew this too . 
   but so determined was mr heath not to offend his prospective new partners that he decided not to challenge them . 
  britain would simply accept the illegal new fisheries policy , even though this would mean handing over one of her greatest renewable natural assets and would spell disaster for a large part of her fishing fleet . 
   gradually the british fishermen got some idea that they were about to be sacrificed , and in the closing months of 1970 various mps for fishing constituencies wrote to ministers asking what on earth was going on . 
  they were fobbed off with evasive replies . 
  indeed , as the recently released papers show , civil servants eventually worked out a careful form of words , intended to reassure the fishermen that `` proper account would be taken of their interests '' . 
   but behind the scenes , as a scottish office memo put it on november 9 , ministers were being told how important it was not to get drawn into detailed explanations of just what problems might lie ahead for the fishermen because , `` in the wider uk context , they must be regarded as expendable '' . 
   the following year the white paper promised that britain would not sign an accession treaty until the common market 's fisheries policy was changed , geoffrey rippon repeated this promise to parliament and to the tory party conference . 
  but in november mr heath realised that time was running out . 
  unless he accepted the fishing policy as it stood , his plans for britain 's entry in january 1973 would have to be abandoned . 
  he instructed rippon to give way , and when rippon was questioned about this in the house of commons on december 13 , he answered with a straight lie . 
  he claimed britain had retained complete control over the waters round her coastline , knowing that this was simply not true . 
  so barefaced was this deceit over fishing rights that successive governments and fisheries ministers would continue to obfuscate the truth of what had been done for the next three decades . 
   in june 1975 , the month when inflation hit 27 percent , its highest level in history , came the referendum , surrounded by all the evidence of a major economic crisis , the british people voted by 2 to 1 to remain in a `` common market '' which the vast majority believed was intended to be no more than a free-trading arrangement . 
  the supporters of the ` yes ' campaign , including the leaderships of all three political parties , did little to disillusion them . 
  the message was that a ` yes ' vote was all about protecting ` jobs and prosperity ' , offering the lifeline britain 's ailing economy required . 
  as for any fears that there might be moves towards `` an economic and monetary union '' and `` fixed exchange rates for the pound '' , the wilson government 's own leaflet to every household promised categorically `` this threat has been removed '' . 
   and having more and more secret meetings . 
  and that 's supposed to persuade people to vote to remain ? 
  seems democracy only works when the vote goes in your favour . 
  many british voters were fooled into voting to remain in the european economic union without realising they were duped until the maastricht treaty . 
  [ blair did half the job already . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/8181392/tony-blair-eu-rebate-surrender-to-cost-billions-more-than-estimated.html ), 
   to weigh the benefits of membership against the ** immigration ** pressures it presents . 
  ~ 4 million people voted for ukip at the last general election . 
  ~ 17.4 million voted to leave . 
  it 's almost as if they want fn to win the next election . 
  stop pissing off the electorate and they wo n't vote for far-right/left parties . 
  let 's hope he has n't completely eroded democracy by the next election . 
  no , fishing rights are the major issue , and the quotas have sometimes meant that either a. european fishermen catch more fish from our own waters than our fishermen b. 
  our fishermen have to dump their own fish in order to meet the quota a sensible plan for sustainable fishing is the right way to go , cfp is a moronic idea . 
  yes , and there were no denial or calls to overturn the result of the original referendum which leave lost . 
  some media outlets seem to have contracted brexit denial . 
   so why did n't he say `` countries that do n't fulfill their obligations have to leave nato '' ? 
  because i assume that he does n't want them to leave , he wants them to pay their fair share . 
  trump would if he was elected . 
  although i 'd rather not have him as president - both candidates are pretty crap . 
   so far , post-brexist strategy seems to be : no plan , no idea , no responsibility . 
  politicians each have their own idea on how we should proceed , the government is simply giving itself time for it to propose one unified negotiating stance . 
   europe . 
  * the eu, 
  [ rip nick clegg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6g4xee-sdws ), 
  well at least they 're not mussolini supporters like the other anti-establishment party . 
   desperately trying to think of a way out of it . 
  is `` brexit denial '' going to become the new `` holocaust denial '' ? 
  will there be people claiming it never happened in 70 years time , i wonder . 
  i mined a lot of salt on the 24th . 
  nick clegg 's dangerous fantasy strikes again !, 
  i do n't think you remember what happened when somebody last tried to invade britain . 
  france demands explanations from hollande on why he 's such a shit president . 
   purely defensive wishful thinking at best . 
  spain and portugal are being fined for not meeting deficit reduction targets . 
  crisis after crisis after crisis and they still ca n't give a unified response , like with brexit . 
  unpopular leaders try to save their own skin . 
  big surprise . 
  `` unelected '', 
  he might be attending the democrat one as well . 
  piss off soros . 
  not a ukip voter myself but i 'm pretty sure you wo n't find any racist policies in their manifesto . 
  they do n't want to deport poles or muslims and have actually offered arguments as to why controlled immigration can be a good thing . 
  they 've also banned any ex-bnp members from joining , although it 's pretty telling as to why they 've had to do that . 
  http://news.sky.com/story/labour-mp-sorry-for-coloured-skin-comments-10330955 https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/mar/18/labour-antisemitism-jews-jeremy-corbyn i do n't see people calling labour racist/anti-semitic , because like with ukip , it 's restricted to the occasional nutter or a delusional corbynite . 
  i could find evidence of similar things in other parties if i bothered to look . 
  however , ukip 's leaflets have been pretty shit , they 've occasionally promoted gutter politics and i disagree with some of their policies . 
  nick clegg 's dangerous fantasy strikes again . 
  http://news.sky.com/story/labour-mp-sorry-for-coloured-skin-comments-10330955 every party has their nutters . 
  clearly a nutter who needs to be removed from public office .
