  instead of increasing the deficit it could , i do n't know , convince its ministers to steal less , so that there is more money left for the military . 
  yes , several romanian ministers siphoned huge amounts of money , for their own use or that of their parties . 
  some of them are in jail for that . 
  armenia ? 
  really ? 
  does turkey fear armenia now ? 
  yes , i know that the russians are there in armenia and i agree that turkey 's budget is that not big percentage-wise , i just take issue with putting armenia on that list . 
  good !, 
  a welcome sign that nato allies are equal , in the sense that they deserve a similar level of protection . 
  this is how some bits of romania looked like back in the 60s . 
  indeed . 
  they have been lucky enough to be situated further away from russia and thus did n't get to experience russia 's `` love '' so they have this positive view of the russians . 
  there 's also quite a lot of anti-americanism in greece . 
  is it not because of turkey , another nato ally , with whom you seem to have a pretty schizophrenic relationship ? 
  i 'm in favour of nato members spending their share ( 2 % or more ) on defence but given the situation greece finds itself in nowadays , that really does n't make much sense . 
  thanks , interesting point . 
  it was an important battle no doubt and also a clear french victory . 
  no , it does n't :-) though i somehow expect more `` royalty '' from the french president than the dutch king . 
  no insult intended , i just get the feeling that the dutch royalty is closer to the people ( less detached , more interaction with them ; you also have koningsdag which seems to be quite a popular holiday ) than the french presidents . 
  i agree with most of your points . 
  when talking about celebration i was mostly thinking about the austerlitz coin , not the waterloo one . 
  what got me irked about the belgian waterloo coin was the fact that the belgians chose to clearly ignore the french opposition and mint the coin anyway , and that is quite petty and un-european . 
  it is of course a small issue , but if we europeans are not able to solve the small issues through mutual respect , than how are we going to solve the big issues ? 
  i fully agree with you . 
  well , that could be argued about many battles . 
  i agree that applies a bit more to waterloo . 
  i see less of that for the french austerlitz coin . 
  not everything takes place on reddit you know . 
  because i did n't do it on reddit but on facebook . 
  but thanks for checking . 
  i posted the comment above because i was mildly outraged and felt like a fool for backing the french position ( with which i still agree but proved to be hypocritical in their case ) . 
  there are wars and victories with different significance . 
  i do n't have anything against celebrating the end of wwii and the liberation of europe ( at least of the part that was liberated ) as the evil of the nazi regime was in a category of its own . 
  its defeat is something to celebrate . 
  and i have nothing against celebrating other victories , revolutions , proclamations etc. . 
  i studied history in university so i am interested about these things . 
  but celebrating xix century national victories over some other european nations ( like austerlitz ) on the common currency of everybody ( well , the euro countries ) feels a bit out of place . 
  should the germans put on a coin that time in 1870-71 when they beat the french ? 
  should the germans put on a coin those times when they divided poland or should us romanians put on a coin that time when we occupied budapest ? 
  rather not . 
  i do n't know , i just find it a bit weir to have celebrations of victory against other nations on the common currency/coins , including of those defeated nations . 
  because this is about celebration , i do n't see france or other nations making coins about some military defeat they incurred . 
  all our nations have won some wars or battles at some point , i understand that is part of national identity and i understand the need to celebrate that nationally but it 's a bit weird to do it at the european level , including on the coins of the party that was defeated . 
  regarding expectations regarding france , i 'm far from thinking that it is the least nationalistic country but i was surprised by this austerlitz coin because of the position of france ( with which i agree/d ) regarding the belgian waterloo coin . 
  but enough about coins . 
  indeed . 
  that european nations are still happy to celebrate their victories over other european nations , including on their common currency . 
  thank you for the explanations . 
  i knew about horv\u00e1th as a surname and the fact that it means croat but i was puzzled by poke133 's comment that hungary 's most common surname actually means `` croat/croatian person '' . 
  horv\u00e1th is also used among the hungarians in romania . 
  thanks . 
  that certainly does n't look presidential . 
  not so much the fact that he was on a cart pulled by dogs but his inadequate position ( ' i am just here , carried by others ' ) . 
  tell me that is not the president of france . 
  nagy means croat ? 
  is this for real ? 
  i just defended france several times and criticized the belgians for their choice to do a 2\u00a01/2 euro coin for the battle of waterloo and now i see this ? 
  france , i am gone , you are alone on this one ... 
  yeah , unfortunately , this one will not go down easily . 
  he is one of the most arrogant and thickest skinned politicians we ever had . 
  but even for him pressure from the other european countries matters so i hope the other european leaders will not act as if nothing is happening . 
  and till then he will also greatly hurt the country and its international standing and credibility . 
  but that 's what happens when you have a shitty political class and elect jerks as prime ministers . 
  they are still by far the two countries with the biggest number of romanians , even after the crisis . 
  ah , yes , you can see it 's a russian writing . 
  russia does n't deal with ukrainians , or romanians , or moldovans etc. . no , no , no , these are insignificant little people , it always has to be the us involved . 
  we , the people of europe , do not have opinions , positions , wishes or goals , and we do n't take independent actions , it 's always the us controlling us . 
  all of us . 
  you got it , russia . 
  yes , i agree , just saying that they might be just a bit better ( less brutal ) than in 2009 . 
  you are wrong . 
  if turkey puts economic sanctions on an eu member states there will be consequences for the eu-turkey relations . 
  turkey is negotiating eu accession ; you can not want to join a club and sanction its members because you do n't like their views regarding your history . 
  that the eu will react if turkey imposes sanctions on one eu member state . 
  can confirm for romania , the reason is the tv series . 
  it will not and i hope the turks are aware of that . 
  good arguments . 
  then , after invading czechoslovakia in 1968 , it would have been a bit of a stretch for the soviets to quickly do the same in romania . 
  there were no soviet troops in romania since 1958 and ceausescu had positioned part of the army to prepare for an invasion so an invasion of romania would have been bloody and pretty bad for both parties involved . 
  moreover , romania was surrounded by communist countries ( warsaw pact and yugoslavia ) so it was pretty safe communist territory . 
  some do get a bit offended , or they will be quick to point out that romania is not situated in the balkans . 
  in romania , the dacia sandero base model goes for 7,190 euros ( = # 5,122 ) . 
  yes , compulsory to have them . 
  that was exactly my reaction :-), 
  we do . 
  i do n't think he necessarily wanted to do that or that there was any logic to what he was doing . 
  the guy was drunk when that happened . 
  also , there is no eu president ; it there would be one that would most likely be the president of the european council . 
  the guy was caught near the european parliament , which is about 1 km away from the european council . 
   benefits here so he is talking about romanians working in germany and you go talking about `` claiming benefits '' ? 
  what is the logic in that ? 
  and how are these people both working ( `` compression of wages '' ) and claiming benefits at the same time ? 
  why are german companies hiring thousands of romanians to pick asparagus or built buildings ? 
  why is not the `` indigenous population '' doing that ? 
  before romanians you imported labour from italy , turkey , marocco and a lot of other places so the issue is not romania being in the eu but more like germany needing foreign labour . 
  ok , then my bad . 
  central and eastern european . 
  there . 
  no , romanian in most reports , just registered in bulgaria . 
  `` brussels police on monday detained a slovakian man dressed in camouflage gear near the european parliament and found a gun and a chainsaw in his car , triggering a security scare which caused several offices to be evacuated .
