  the text can be changes but is not changed dramatically so the commission has some influence . 
  yes , that was their reasoning , the closer you are to the soviet union , the more percentage points they get . 
  of course , for romania it was n't 90 % soviet union , it was 100 % . 
  that is part of the reason , the countries not being able to absorb the money that is attributed to them . 
  romania will not manage to absorb half of the money that it could absorb for the period 2007-2013 . 
  another reason is that these countries get significantly less in agricultural subsidies that countries in western europe . 
  if you 're not willing to fight for your country in case it 's attacked you should really give up its citizenship . 
  romania has female officers and ncos as well so it would be the same . 
  `` in case of war '' means if romania enters into war with another country . 
  romania will not send troops to ukraine . 
  if romania is attacked by russia it will certainly be war , if russia attacks another nato state , it will certainly be war . 
  if russia attacks right-bank moldova there might be war . 
  this move is a sign that the gov is worried about what is happening in ukraine , that they/we do n't know how far russia is planning to go . 
  it does indeed send a message to both russia and romanians but it has some practical aspect too . 
  i think he is referring to eastern ukraine , not crimea . 
  `` having ukraine , moldova and georgia in the russian sphere is n't necessarily a problem . '', 
  it is one for the millions of people from these countries that do not want one . 
  some of them will head our way if we do n't help them decide for themselves . 
  ''  stable institutions guaranteeing democracy , the rule of law , human rights and respect for and protection of minorities  i would argue that romania and bulgaria ( to pick two particularly egregious examples ) do not fulfil any of these conditions , nor did they when their accession was agreed upon . '', 
  even though there are some problems with some of these issues you would lose that argument . 
  sorry but it 's ridiculous to do projections for 50 years based on a slightly higher fertility rate among the roma now . 
  a lot of things can change in the meantime . 
  that is just not true . 
  that 's true mainly for big transactions ( apartments , cars and the like ) . 
  for buying smaller things everybody uses lei . 
  reunification is generally supported in romania . 
  more than 70 % of the population would support union with moldova but that does n't mean the issue ranks high on these people 's agenda . 
  moreover , the decision has to come from moldova . 
  romania has decided long time ago on this issue . 
  and for the time being and in the next few years ( decades ? 
  ) , only a minority of moldovans ( will ) supports union with romania . 
  why not let transnistria to russia ? 
  well , a state does n't just give up it 's territory even if it would be wiser to do it . 
  and until they get a good price/conditions from russia they have no reason to let it go . 
  and romania plays along this tune . 
  not sure what you mean by `` european living standards '' but i would say that starting from a similar base , romanians have managed to become in 20 years twice as rich as ukrainians . 
  i would call that progress and something ukrainians should try to do/achieve . 
  if they do their homework right ( romania has done it but too slow ) they will manage to become twice as rich as they are now in less than 20 years . 
  osce you mean, 
  i posted this link but the video is not mine . 
  i was not my intention to suggest that russia actually has plans to invade all these places . 
  of course that 's no the case and of course they are jingoistically joking . 
  i posted the link to the video just to show how happy and confident russian diplomats feel after having taken crimea . 
  the recording also shows the intellectual level of this diplomatic elite . 
  video also shows that some eu ambassadors ( eu ambassador to eritrea , a dutchman ) joke with the russians telling them to take back some eu members ( bulgaria and romania ) . 
  and that i appreciate much less . 
  as another romanian , i can confirm :-) nothing makes the misery less miserable than seeing that , often enough , bulgaria is a bit bellow us . 
  on a more serious note , you are our neighbors and allies so we care about you . 
  however , what we would appreciate these days is if you would stand up to your historical friend , russia . 
  they have seriously broken international law and are threatening the peace in europe . 
  this is not the time for pan-slavic love , but the time to defend international norms and the other countries in our neighborhood ( ukraine , moldova , the baltic states etc ) . 
  agree with alexnaicu , this is bullshit . 
  just some weeks ago , adrian nastase , a former prime minister of the country , got convicted to jail time , for the second time . 
  is n't he a big player ? 
  the current prime-minister is his pupil and has supported him so your claims are really not valid . 
  and they have investigated and convicted a lot of other big shots ( mps , ministers , mayors , etc ) . 
  the national anticorruption directorate is really doing a great job . 
  one should give credit where credit is due . 
  well , a lot of it would be coming form foreign-owned companies . 
  there are n't that many romanian-owned companies to start with ( not easy to have a lot of private - or public for that matter - money after 50 years of communism ) . 
  but foreign direct investments to romania took place mostly between 2000-2008 ; less of that lately , unfortunately . 
  i am from transylvania and in my part of the region men wear it too so there are parts of romania were men wear the martisor ; they also wear it in the romanian side of moldova . 
  so it 's not different across the prut . 
  nothing gay about it , at least not in the homosexual sense . 
  no there is n't . 
  but they would not get citizenship so soon . 
  only if they decide to stay and a certain number of years need to pass and there are some other conditions as well . 
  it 's not easy or quick . 
  clearly both are needed , and just arresting them does n't seem to be enough . 
  there are some measures to prevent corruption but clearly much more needs to be done . 
  it 's also a question of passing of 1-2-3 generations and of values and that takes time to change . 
  problem is that they do n't f *** g stop taking bribes . 
  there have been hundreds of arrests and convictions and the guys remaining do not stop taking bribes . 
  look at this guy as well , the general mayor of bucharest , the guy that , after the president of romania , is voted by the highest number of people in this country . 
  two out of the six mayors of sectors of bucharest are arrested/under investigation , one of his closest collaborators in the general mayor 's office is arrested for corruption , and he still brazenly and stupidly goes and demands a bribe . 
  it looks like corruption is like a drug , they ca n't stop , they do n't know when to stop . 
  well , there are a lot of romanians that do n't use the internet ( many people over 40 , less educated ones etc. . ) . 
  / atred below gives a good explanation . 
  i think especially because the 're have been those exceptions , with all the problems they brought , nato members would be even more reluctant to repeat the story . 
  you are right , any future nato member needs to have secure borders . 
  there are indeed many similarities between the two cases ( bg-mk ; ro-md ) . 
  however , the macedonian identity is i think a bit stronger/more developed than the moldovan one . 
  indeed . 
  however , now that hungary is building a fence , many of the people that would have crossed through the serbia-hungary border will be diverted and will enter into romania and then enter hungary through the fence-less ro-hu border . 
  the problem will in any case affect romania as well . 
  numbers are increasing , the attitudes towards the free-movement of people in the eu will turn more and more negative , and this will negatively affect romanians as well . 
  there are other ones as well . 
  syrians and other people entered the country either through bulgaria or from turkey , across the black sea . 
  that 's one bad movie . 
  i was extremely surprised when that happened . 
  i still ca n't get my head around it . 
  i think he was called bruno . 
  that 's not usual behavior . 
  most of the time they take smaller numbers ( 1-2 sheep ) and kill to eat . 
  regarding thay case , given the fact they had wolfes around , i 'm surprised they did n't have protective measures and only woke up to see that . 
  ussually flocks would have guarding dogs and the shepers would sleep close to the sheep thus being able to chase the wolfes away . 
   wallonians well , wallonians are not really a minority , you are part of the belgian nation . 
  i think the biggest minority would be french , no ? 
  probably followed by italians , moroccans , romanians etc. 
  same in romania , no more `` coada de maimuta '' = monkey tale .
