  the man told police officers that he wanted to meet the european president , prosecutors said . '', 
  source : http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/02/us-belgium-security-iduskbn0l61ir20150202, 
  you raise some fair points . 
  i would rather like the whole alliance ( nato ) to buy them and use them as common assets . 
  nato already has awacs airplanes , why not do a collective effort and solve this issue together ? 
  first , the unification will not happen anytime soon . 
  if it were to happen it will happen without transnistria . 
  that is pretty clear . 
  meaning that if the republic of moldova will decide to unite with romania , a solution would need to be found for transnistria . 
  either ` independence ' ( = controlled by russia ) or inclusion into ukraine , which would be very difficult as well given the very pro-russian feelings in transnistria . 
  even gagauzia has legally obtained the right of secession in case the republic of moldova unites with romania , and they are more or less under the control of the chisinau authorities . 
  so imagine transnistria ... 
  historically , romania 's borders have stopped at the dniester/nistru river , the only exception being a short period during wwii , so transnistria is not considered historic romanian land and romania would not fight for it no matter what other people here would say . 
  to continue the title , it was a romanian bus registered in bulgaria :-) and indeed slovakia , what 's up with these people ? 
  if the eurosceptic parties would have a majority in the ep , then many things would be different . 
  i think you are focusing on the military aspect of it , which is indeed limited , whereas i 'm talking about the political significance of the visit . 
  i do n't think that what the chinese did is impressive , i know that most countries with a reasonable navy can travel all around the world . 
  of course russia never was fully isolated , but it 's not like international relations are judged at a single moment in time , they are constantly evolving and gestures such as this have their political significance that goes beyond their military one . 
  china 's position , which is one of the 5 permanent members of the security council , does matter , including in such high-politics issues like the conquest & annexation of territories . 
  i do n't think the issue is that china does something illegal . 
  like you mention , they are free to move their ships around . 
  but the visit itself is not without political significance . 
  the ships are entering the black sea , where russia just acquired a large piece of territory , basically the central peninsula which allows them to project power over the whole sea and surrounding areas . 
  china has n't recognized the annexation of crimea but it has defended russia on several occasions on this topic and now sends its ships some tens of km away from crimea , the biggest piece of land that was forcefully occupied and annexed by another state in the last years . 
  this shows political support for russia , it signals to russia and to the other states ( especially the west ) that moscow is not isolated , that it has friends/allies that can project military power even in europe ( black sea ) . 
  so i would not agree that this is much ado about nothing . 
  moreover , the black sea is not like the atlantic or the pacific , or even the mediterranean , where ships pass by every day ; it is an almost closed sea where the access of foreign military ships is quite strictly regulated by the montreux convention so visits by foreign military ships are more significant than in other places . 
  yes , he is fooling around with the translations . 
  c'mon fellow romanian redditors , stop sharing useless pieces of ` news ' on / r/europe . 
  share stuff relevant for everybody . 
  this one is n't even relevant for romanians . 
  just for the record , here is another romanian who agrees with you and an upvote . 
  glad to see the document but , given that it 's in romanian , it is n't much useful for the other users of / r/europe ( save some of our italian cousins ) and would better fit in / r/romania, 
  they will go on the existing roads . 
  their quality is uneven but it has overall visibly improved in the last decade . 
  well , it was n't exactly something charles wanted . 
  from the wiki of basarab i http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basarab_i_of_wallachia `` a royal charter issued on 26 july 1324 is the first document to reference basarab . 
  according to the charter , he was subject to charles i of hungary as the voivode of wallachia . 
  basarab became `` disloyal to the holy crown of hungary '' in 1325 . 
  he seized the banate of severin and raided the southern regions of the kingdom of hungary . 
  basarab supported michael shishman of bulgaria 's attack against serbia , but their united armies were defeated in the battle of velbazhd on 28 july 1330 . 
  soon after , charles i of hungary invaded wallachia , but the wallachians ambushed and almost annihilated the royal troops in the battle of posada , which occurred between 9 and 12 november 1330 . 
  the battle of posada ended hungarian suzerainty in wallachia , and the first independent romanian principality was consequently founded . 
  basarab 's descendants ruled wallachia for centuries . '', 
  they exist in greece , macedonia , albania and serbia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aromanians, 
  just passing through , do n't mind me . 
  yes , we are . 
  btw , romania is playing a similar ` game ' . 
  today , the president referred to the `` historic tragedy of the armenian '' , the `` tragic events '' , the `` terrible crime '' , the `` tragedy '' , the `` historic tragedy '' , just not saying that `` genocide '' word . 
  his statement ( in romanian ) here http://www.presidency.ro/?_rid=det&amp;tb=date&amp;id=15650&amp;_prid=lazi, 
  truth be told , for ( too ) many in moldova 's political class , it is a pleasure . 
  c'mon , he raises a fair point . 
  let 's not start arguing over this . 
  it 's certainly not worth it . 
  sure , just wanted to show that there are other animals in the city , besides humans . 
  and more !, 
  romania 's constitution was also based on the belgian one . 
  the fact that your constitution served as a model for other countries is no small thing . 
   winnable nuclear war . 
  is there such a think as a winnable nuclear war between the us and russia ? 
  nah , you already have a longer coastline than we do . 
  that 's a very ambitious map . 
  control of tajikistan allowed them an even bigger foothold into central asia and control over around 5 million people . 
  not everything is measured in gdp and gdp/capita and you do n't see states giving up their poorer regions . 
  i agree that developing an anti-missile shield one undermines mad but given the reduced number of interceptors/small size of the shield , and russia 's nuclear capabilities , including slbm which would be extremely difficult to protect against , this does n't really change anything . 
  the missile shield would at best be able to offer protection against several tens of missiles whereas russia has thousands of them . 
  the us would not launch a nuclear war that would end life on earth and , in any case , would not be able to hit russia 's mobile icbms or slbm-carrying submarines . 
  i mentioned the fact that the nato anti-missile shield does n't have explosives on the rockets to emphasize its defensive character . 
  you ca n't attack with them , just shoot what 's coming towards you . 
  the rest of your comment does n't address what i said . 
  my point is that the nato missile shield is intended to defend the alliance , croatia included , against an attack from a power with a reduced number of missiles , such as iran . 
  it offers extremely reduced protection against what the russian have . 
  you can also say that shields practical use is that it offers protection against states with limited icbm capability , like iran , thus not russia , and that this is the declared purpose of the shield . 
  the s-300 , s-400 , actually have explosives on them , the missiles of the nato anti-missile shield do n't . 
  have you read the piece before commenting ? 
  there is nothing controversial there , and no rewriting of history . 
  this is not about who sacrificed/contributed the most in ww2 , but about the time when the soviet union was invading countries , murdering and deporting people . 
  `` neither poland , nor romania or any of the baltic states were important for them '' well , they were important enough to want to conquer their territories . 
   hyper sharp sense of what 's realistic i confirm that i do have a hyper sharp sense of what 's realistic . 
  seriously though , russia and putin does n't have the resources ( military , financial , support of the population etc ) to take over the whole south of ukraine and will not try it . 
  even less likely to engage in conflict with nato . 
  the soviet union did n't do it and that state was much stronger that russia is now . 
  the risks would be too high and putin knows it . 
  at the same time , i certainly do no support complacency . 
  i think the west should be much more serious about pressuring putin ( politically , economically , militarily ) to give up his revanchist plans . 
  what a crappy message this title and article sends . 
  not so fun . 
  they also say that the driver is in a serious medical condition . 
  listen , i am happy to engage in dialogue as long as it takes place at certain level . 
  your are just lowering that level by emitting false , exaggerated and clearly biased opinions . 
  so i will leave this conversation . 
  as far as i read , most companies are happy about the anti-corruption work as they will now have a chance to compete on equal terms for public contracts/tenders . 
  getting rid of corruption should increase confidence in the market . 
  public officials should respect the law and take the decisions they need to take . 
  it 's not that public officials get arrested for nothing . 
  in the cases that get in the media the corruption was very clear ( audio/video recordings , money that they received and ca n't explain the source , witnesses etc. 
  what a moron . 
  he also says that romania wants to invade moldova and other stupid things . 
  http://www.lucmichel.net/2015/03/31/eode-press-office-geopolitique-la-roumanie-transformee-par-lotan-en-plate-forme-dagression-contre-la-russie/ there are several articles in the romanian/moldovan media about this . 
  honestly , i do n't understand why a marginal neo-nazi gets so much press coverage for saying stupid things .
