  they say `` at '', 
  indeed , it does seem quite small . 
  maybe they do n't expect that these people do agriculture ( or mainly agriculture ) but get a job in some other sector . 
  because with 1 hectare you can basically do subsistence agriculture , just feed yourself . 
  sort of , you would still need to buy some stuff and for that you 'll need money . 
  as a romanian from transylvania , i agree that doing a nazi comparison about this is too much . 
  at the same time , it would really help bilateral relations if hungary would focus on the present political and demographic realities realities instead of living in the past and dreaming about some long lost glory . 
  it 's not only them . 
  british companies based in the united kingdom ( scotland and other parts ) are involved too . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/the-great-british-money-launderette-at-least-19-uk-firms-under-investigation-for-alleged-conspiracy-to-make-20bn-of-dirty-money-seem-legitimate-9797097.html see also this story , also linked to moldova and british companies facilitating the robberies . 
  scottish shell companies at centre of $ 1bn moldovan bank fraud scheme http://www.bne.eu/content/story/trail-scottish-shell-companies-1bn-moldovan-bank-fraud-leads-top-0 vanishing act : how global auditor failed to spot theft of 15 % of moldova 's wealth http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/01/global-auditor-moldova-wealth-franchise-grant-thornton-banks-embezzle, 
  it looks like you have a very distorted view on the economic realities of romania or central eastern europe . 
  a lot of the jobs that exist in romania and most of the exports have been created thanks to foreign investments . 
  foreign investments in industry , services , agriculture have created and do create thousands of jobs . 
  that also applies to the it sector , where there are hundreds of jobs available and not enough people to fill them . 
  these companies pay taxes in romania , the employees pay taxes as well , both on their earnings and as value added tax for the things they buy . 
  to say that foreign investments would make life harder for the average romanian is just ridiculous and wrong . 
  actually what we demand is less corruption , cleaner politicians and more foreign investments . 
  well , there is also urd\u0103 , a very tasty cheese , similar in taste to ricotta . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urd%c4%83 also ca\u0219 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ca%c8%99 and br\u00e2nz\u0103 de burduf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/br%c3%a2nz%c4%83_de_burduf and some others that i am less familiar with or do n't remember . 
  i 'm honestly not surprised at all . 
  besides the few real neo-nazis/neo-legionaries , i think most romanian kids drawing the swastika do n't have much of an idea what they 're doing . 
  there is an unfortunate lack of education on this . 
  at the same time i think it is better than in the '90s , where all this was new stuff . 
  more and more people have realized that no , it is not acceptable to praise the iron guard , marshal antonescu or his nazi allies . 
  you can add the first 2-3 years of the afghanistan war ( 1979-1989 ) to that . 
  they just said there were no soviet troops there . 
  when they started to have hundreds of bodies coming home they could n't deny it for much longer . 
  i get that for dangerous regions but many of your embassies in europe are like modern fortresses , and it just does n't make much sense . 
  it 's overkill . 
  i would say that is pretty unusual/rare . 
  while you can still see some swastika graffiti in a few places , i think it was more common in the 90s , before idiotic teenagers had the time to realize what they were depicting . 
  that said , enjoy romania . 
  well , you got almost everything wrong . 
  the communist party is not banned . 
  here is their website http://npcr.ro/ 2 . 
  yes , the site is a us news site that takes up a story of the associated press , you know , that global news agency . 
  the story is taken up by thousands of other newspapers across the world . 
  and 3 . 
  there were several articles about this in the romanian media . 
  for example http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/actualitate/stiri/scandal+cu+legionari+in+parlament basically , what i would recommend is to do some basic research before posting things you might not be sure about . 
  because the eu supports it 's neighbors through initiatives such as the eu neighbourhood policy and the eastern partnership . 
  there is nothing wrong with that , it is actually recommended to have stable and developed neighbors . 
  o foc\u0103, 
  what bulgarian authors would you recommend ? 
  i would recommend ` imagining the balkans ' by maria todorova . 
  out of that list , dracula is probably the one offering you the least information about the balkans . 
  i mean , it 's a work of pretty sensationalist fiction . 
  i say that as a romanian from transylvania . 
  so that was quite a terrible ride , hmm ? 
  you are mostly right . 
  that 's why for long distances in romania ( such as bucharest-timisoara or longer ) it 's better to take a night train and sleep in a sleeping wagon . 
  you do n't waste day-time on the road and you can arrive decently rested at your destination early in the morning . 
  just to add that besides those allies you mentioned , there were also moldavian and wallachian troops there . 
  in romania we learn in school about the fact that moldavian troops participated in the battle , but we do not claim to have defeated the teutonic order . 
  well , in that unlikely case , the percentage would spike to 90 % + . 
  after elections/referendums , a higher % of people support the winning result than the ones that actually voted for it . 
  but what principles are you referring to ? 
  honest question . 
  from my part each nation/city is free to decide what statues they want to have in their country/city . 
  i guess that for lithuanians those statues represent the symbols of a regime that was imposed on them by an aggressor country that conquered them , killed and/or deported many of them , colonized a foreign population on their territory and controlled their nation for almost 50 years . 
  well , that should n't stop you from visiting . 
  many people that do n't like putin or lukashenko still go and visit russia or belarus . 
  why is that ? 
  the eu is a pretty nice and friendly place . 
  i made the same argument to a lithuanian friend of mine but he and lithuanians generally seem to feel quite strongly about it . 
  the statues are also on a bridge that is quite important/used so their museum-like/symbolic value is a bit lost . 
  coming from a former communist country that took down almost all its ` communist ' statues , i kind of understand their feelings towards them . 
   awesome i went to vilnius several times and stayed quite close to that rusty pipe . 
  i confirm that it 's awesome and reminds me of vilnius . 
  for romania there are some mistakes . 
  the dialects are not true dialects , the differences between them are rather minor and there are errors regarding the borders between them . 
  the north-east of romania ( north of romanian moldavia - botosani county ) is not ukrainian speaking . 
  there are some ukrainian villages in suceava county ( to the west of botosani ) but even there , ukrainian speakers represent less than 1 % of the population of the county so that is not an accurate representation at all . 
  also , the danube delta is not russian speaking . 
  there are some russian speaking lipovans in the delta but most lipovans live outside of the delta , more to the centre of the county . 
  it is a nice map but it massively over-represents minority languages and sometimes places them in the wrong place . 
  funny though , considering they were the main pushers for eu enlargement until some years ago . 
  `` to make matters worse , pallett did n't even get to make the most of his unexpected time in hungary 's capital . 
  `` i did not have a good day in budapest , '' he said . 
  `` i spent the whole day in the airport trying to rebook the ticket back . 
  fortunately there was a flight back that day , so at least i got one day of the weekend back . 
  but that does n't make up for the loss of either , i think , the cost or letting down the dance world cup . '', 
  i 'm no specialist in this but the receipt is issued by the cash register which means that the transaction is registered electronically , will be part of accounting records and will be declared to the authorities . 
  tax evasion in this type of business happens when restaurants ( or other businesses ) do business but do not register the transactions , or they under-register them i.e. 
  you have 100 tables/customers but you give receipts/register to only 50 of them so you get to pay only 50 % of the taxes you should pay . 
  i do n't know . 
  well , as a romanian , i agree with both of you . 
  i do n't know what they were thinking . 
  the one that bugs me the most is the one just under the fortress of rasnov . 
  no , they would not . 
  they do n't have the capacity/resources ( military , financial etc. ), 
  to do that and would face fierce resistance . 
  russia is not the soviet union fighting in wwii . 
  they wo n't . 
  they are not that stupidly suicidal . 
   europe has an advanced missile defence system some good points there but this is just not true . 
  the nato defence shield is a very limited one and would not mean anything faced with a russian nuclear attack . 
  worth mentioning that the european commission does n't give a damn about how much we spend on our military , what 's interested in is the overall budget deficit . 
  it 's the job of the government how it spreads those expenses and it 's its job to keep that deficit low .
