hmmm ... on russia , i would say that it must have something to do with the fact that russia is an aggressor state , attacking its neighbor ukraine and taking big pieces of its territory despite international law and its earlier commitments , and occupying regions of other countries ( e.g. 
  moldova , georgia etc ) . 
  this are just some examples , there are many more issues ( like kidnapping other countries ' citizens or arresting its most courageous dissidents ) which make one have a negative attitude towards russia . 
  being pro-eu might have something to do with the fact that european integration makes sens. 
  and you are french ? 
  are you for real ? 
  :-) i 'm joking , i agree with what you say and i 'm happy to see a frenchman address the strasbourg problem/unnecessary expense . 
  ` sotie ' is also used in romania as the more educated/literary/nice option . 
  ` nevasta ' is mostly used in working class/blue collar environments . 
  ` muiere ' is perceived as an archaism and slightly derogatory . 
  why ? 
  what would we achieve with that ? 
  why do you think an unauthorized concorde flight would make it to moscow ? 
  really , honest questions . 
  if you are thinking about ways of pissing the russians this is certainly not the most effective one . 
  good post . 
  i think you explained the issue as most of the europeans see it . 
  unfortunately , the debate in the uk seems to be more an more detached from reality . 
  do n't go there , we are many . 
  congratulations neighbors !, 
  and if some ( some , not all ) muslim countries would be added there , you would be even higher up in the chart . 
  ( there are other polls that show that so do n't down vote me for such a generalization . ), 
  romanians , as other europeans probably , tend to know more and interact more with the big countries , thus the positive image about germany . 
  germany is also closer to romania and romania had and still has a german minority but not a dutch or belgian one . 
  i can confirm , we like you poland , just not on this graph . 
  relations have historically been difficult . 
  treaty of trianon is just a point along the way , though an important one . 
  well , two thousand years ago the romans invaded what is now romania . 
  with some delay , we now do it the other way . 
  the romanian army played an important role in that war as well . 
  just saying ... 
  man , that 's very ugly . 
  yes , but you 're not that many , unfortunately . 
  the romanian principalities did not send boys/young men to the ottoman empire as it had autonomy withing the empire . 
  bulgarian and most of the balkans did , not the romanian lands . 
  restart the accession negotiations with the eu , get in , and i promise we 'll put you in all the maps of europe . 
  :-) seriously . 
  you give a fairly reasonable explanation and still , you name means `` all gypsies are garbage '' which kind of says a lot about your attitude towards the roma . 
  that part probably not but blowing russia does . 
  they are much closer to romania . 
  romanians from that part of ukraine ( northern bukovina ) identify as romanians . 
  those a bit east ( northern part of bessarabia ) , smaller in numbers , tend to identify as moldovans . 
  romania also offers them some help , scholarships in romania and citizenship of romania . 
  he was referring to the whole eu , member states included , not to the eu institutions . 
  he 's the president of the country , he participates in the european council ( since 2007 ) , he knows who takes decisions . 
  they are making it up . 
  it would have been a huge scandal and on the cover of all newspapers . 
  i looked it up and found nothing . 
  legally it will apply for the whole territories of moldova and ukraine . 
  in practice it will not because the separatist regime/russia will not allow it . 
  association agreement . 
  moldova signs a association agreement with the eu . 
  that does n't mean that it will stop being close , friendly or neutral towards russia . 
  why do you guys believe that ? 
  this agreement is not against russia . 
  stop seeing it like that and stop bullying and threatening moldova because otherwise this agreement and the attitudes of the population will really turn against russia . 
  you guys are really turning all these countries in your neighborhood against you with this kind of behaviour . 
  how is this contradicting what he said ? 
  or do you think that russia does `` sharing of the wealth '' i.e. 
  if you get back under russian control you get from them some $ 5,000 of their gdp per capita ? 
  part of the reason bulgaria is poor ( not more developed ) is communist , which was brought by ... guess who ? 
  thank you op for asking the questions , really . 
  in the case of romania , most of the points mentioned by doctorheredoctor apply . 
  he made a good summary . 
  i mean , russia has made absolutely no effort to apologize for the immense harm it has done to these countries . 
  nothing . 
  you ca n't really expect a positive attitude in these conditions . 
  moreover , the anti-russian attitude of most romanians has even older/deeper reasons . 
  it basically has to do with the fact that ( tsarist ) russia acted in a imperial way and conquered territories which were not her to take . 
  and we , romanians , were unlucky enough to be on russia 's path/way towards constantinople/istanbul and the mediterranean . 
  after you conquered the ukrainians , you reached the romanians and you just did n't want to stop . 
  russia invaded the romanian lands much too often for us to just forget about it . 
  and you never , ever , apologized for it . 
  one if not the biggest thorn is of course bessarabia / ( eastern ) moldova . 
  russia/ussr occupied and annexed bessarabia too often , killed or deported to kazahstan + siberia its romanian elite and then tried to convince the leaderless ( and often illiterate ) moldovans that they are not part of the romanian nation even though they clearly spoke romanian , that they are somehow different from the moldovans which lived in romania and identified as romanians . 
  you almost pulled it through , a reason for more romanian hate towards your country . 
  and russia still tries to bully and control moldova , even today . 
  yes , today , your prime minister threatened moldova !, 
  i mean , it 's just unbelievable !, 
  dear russia , the territory/country between the dniester and the prut rivers is inhabited ( mostly ) by romanian speakers . 
  it has been like that since at least the early middle ages and it is like that despite your efforts to colonize russians and other populations there , and to erase the language and identity of the moldovan/romanian inhabitants . 
  i mean , get this very simple fact and get the fuck out of there !, 
  this would clearly reduce some of the bad blood romanians have towards russia . 
  then , just to give another example , it would also be good if you would return the romanian treasure http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_treasure you know , we gave you in 1917 all those railway wagons of gold bullion and valuable goods only for safekeeping . 
  we are in 2014 . 
  i think it is about time you return them . 
  then , just stop being imperialist dicks and play a constructive role on the international stage . 
  leave ukraine alone . 
  and stop threatening our countries . 
  this saturday one of your vice prime ministers ( rogozin ) threatened to bomb us . 
  you must understand that we ca n't really love/appreciate that . 
  there are many other issues which made attitudes to be like they are but i wo n't go into details . 
  i think you got the main points from the other comments and from this one . 
  i think that the first condition for russia to actually engage in a dialogue about these issues would be to become itself a democracy and to have all the necessary critical internal debates about its past which are needed . 
  as long as you believe that you are the misunderstood liberators and us some ungrateful ( nazi ) bastards , nothing will change . 
  exactly the same thing in romania . 
  just different name for the thing . 
  it does . 
  they , together with the eeas prepare the proposal that is discussed in the council . 
  being the one that proposes the starting text means having a say .
