  the fact that sputnik news quotes him is less surprising . 
  they are known to work with the extreme right and the political fringe . 
  the % of the moldovan population which is against union with romania is higher than 40 % . 
  there was and is no majority in moldova for union with romania . 
  not now . 
  russia is a nuclear power , it will not be pushed out from transnistria militarily . 
  and then , why would romania want transnistria and its ~ 500,000 pro-russian population ? 
  romania 's borders stopped at the dniester so it makes to sense to talk about taking transnistria . 
  they would never agree to join romania . 
  if russia invades moldova ( very unlikely ) nothing will be fixed much faster , maybe just moldova 's demise , or do you think that the romanian army can beat the russian one ? 
  some of the things you say are correct but others are unrealistic . 
  because for 50 years the soviets told them that the romanians are fascists and just terrible . 
  it was soviet union 's way to prevent any talk of the region 's unification with romania . 
  moldova was the only soviet republic that had a `` mother country '' outside the borders of the ussr . 
  even now , the gagauz are almost completely russified , they get almost all their news from russia and all the propaganda that comes with it . 
  last card for what ? 
  do not expect any sort of logic here , we are not in the realm of logic . 
  as / passtopass says here , eastern is a very big holiday in romania , religiously more important than christmas . 
  are you serious ? 
  have you read that document ? 
  it says that the us supports and is interested in the unity of yugoslavia . 
  how the **** did you understand the opposite ? 
  i do n't agree with you on the point of the west wanting the dissolution of yugoslavia and i will not continue this conversation . 
  the ban is due to moldova developing relations with the eu ( by signing of an association agreement and a free trade area agreement ) . 
  basically , russia does n't not want to leave former soviet republics to do what they want , to act as the independent countries that they are . 
  it 's about that , it has nothing the do with the quality of the wine . 
  sorry but your message is not very clear . 
  you can be sure that the west did not want yugoslavia to secede . 
  you guys gave the west and europe generally a big headache for several years , one that it would have been happy to avoid . 
  it would be a good step if all former yugoslavs would accept their share of the blame for fucking that state over . 
  you split ( montenegro later ) and killed each other , not the west . 
  the west spent a lot of money and energy to make you stop the fighting and the massacres ( bosnia , kosovo ) . 
  btw , your country is negotiating nato accessions so i guess you will get `` nato troops marching over whole '' montenegro soon . 
  i recommend you prepare mentally for that . 
  it 's not as bad as you seem to think . 
  listen , i did n't say that serbia was not affected by the two wars ; it certainly was and lost many people . 
  what i said is that serbia is not the only european country that suffered in these last 150 years and that some other countries were conquered twice , both by the nazis and the soviets , and i gave a few examples . 
  from this perspective serbia was luckier , and this allowed it to be relatively better of than the warsaw pact countries in the last 50 years of the xx century . 
  btw , before using the `` any other . . '' type of statements , i would recommend to check your figures . 
  about me having `` 0 knowledge '' about these kind of things , i would just recommend you not to rush with your judgments . 
  i have a ba in history , specialized in xx century european history . 
  about the `` aggression '' thing . 
  serbia intervened militarily against its own citizens in kosovo . 
  that is aggression . 
  do i have to go to the lengths of reminding you about the crimes committed there and the mass graves ? 
  yes , serbia was n't at war with bosnia but it supported the bosnian serbs . 
  listen , i have nothing against serbia and i actually think it was punished a bit too much in the last decades . 
  but i 'm also not a fan of this constant victimhood of serbs and opinions about ` how special serbia is ' . 
  you are wrong . 
  there is a legal obligation for serbia to , in time , adhere to the eu positions on foreign policy . 
  serbia is not breaking its eu legal obligations by not adhering to the eu positions ( sanctions etc ) but it does send a negative signal and that 's what we were talking about . 
  this is not about your historical bonds with russia or how well you like them . 
  russia has broken fundamental rules in europe , the continent you share with the other european countries , including ukraine . 
  all the european countries , eu and non-eu have obligations regarding the maintenance of security on this continent . 
  russia has gravely broken them and serbia is acting as if nothing has happened . 
  the parade in moscow has a lot to do with the crisis . 
  it 's the current russian army marching there , the one which is occupying big chucks of another country 's territory . 
  this - that the us is dictating the eu foreign policy - is usually a very commonly used russian line . 
  it 's false and also ridiculous . 
  europeans can decide on their own what 's wrong and what 's not . 
  i am pretty sure that in the last 150 years many countries in europe were victims or greater powers . 
  serbia is in no way special on this . 
  poland , the baltic countries and others occupied both by the nazis and by the soviet union had it worse than serbia . 
  and serbia was also an aggressor in the last decades ( see bosnia , kosovo ) so it 's not really the place to play victimhood . 
  the international rules of the last decades are different than the ones of 150 years ago and the requirements and expectations are different as well . 
  i did n't say that serbia has recognized the annexation of crimea . 
  but serbia is acting very friendly towards russia at a moment when russia breaks all the international rules in europe . 
  the eu is also a community of values . 
  serbia has declared that it wants to join the eu and adapting its foreign policy positions to the common eu foreign policy of the 28 eu member states is one of those obligations . 
  look up the chapters that serbia is negotiating with the eu . 
  there is one called chapter 31 : foreign , security and defence policy . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/chapters-of-the-acquis/index_en.htm this is not about dictating . 
  the eu foreign policy is decided by unanimity by all the members but if serbia wants to join a club than it has to respect the rules and values of that club . 
  what op said is that giving serbia a veto over eu foreign policy might not be a good idea and i added that there is worry about that and thus reduced enthusiasms about accepting serbia as a member . 
  there is time to adapt that and there are several years of negotiations ahead but serbia is not making itself popular by being friendly with russia in these times . 
  well , it 's pretty clear that it was russia that broke the territorial integrity of ukraine by annexing crimea and invading eastern ukraine . 
  and it 's also clear that the government of ukraine is not a fascist one . 
  this is the reality . 
  when you have a country in europe annexing the territory of another country , the other european states should show solidarity with the victim , not the aggressor . 
  serbia is acting as if it 's not understanding this basic rule . 
  about serbia and international law : two wrongs do n't make a right and i do n't think you should expect this sort of excuses to be accepted by the others . 
  there is a clear commitment from the other eu countries to integrate the western balkans into the union , including serbia , but if serbia chooses other political models - i.e. 
  russia - ( in it 's foreign policy but also in what concerns democracy , freedom of the media etc ) then do n't expect this to happen too soon . 
  that is a good point you are making . 
  several eu countries worry about this issue and are not very keen to get serbia , a country which is overly friendly with an aggressive russia , into the union . 
  serbia should decide if it supports irredentist russia or the european order/international law . 
  most of the communist era photos look like propaganda photos . 
  in the '80s most romanians had to queue for hours just to get some meat or cooking oil . 
  as a hungarian citizen you do n't need a visa to travel to the us whereas as a romanian you do . 
  the only one i know . 
  man , you either have no clue about the situation in ukraine before the war or are just trolling . 
  eastern european . 
  can confirm . 
  no , it 's not just like in the middle east . 
  we have a treaty of alliance with the us . 
  it 's called nato and belgium is also a part of it . 
  the american troops in romania are not here to attack any state . 
  well , if you are hurt , what can i say as a romanian ? 
  we supported poland during wwii , did n't invade their territory , we were and we are military allies and they still like the russians more than they like us . 
  what 's up with the title ?
