  it used to be more than 10 % some years ago ( around 30 % in 2006 ) , around 10 % in the last years . 
  no , it will not be more expensive for romania . 
  romanian gas is cheaper than what we were/are importing from russia . 
  several romanian gas-hungry fertilizer factories have closed in romania and this led to further cuts in gas imports . 
  we have many things of value . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  romania is richer than crimea or the territories they invaded in eastern ukraine . 
  the main reason for the decrease of imports from russia is the closing down of a number of gas-hungry factories , especially fertilizer ones . 
  `` based on the pristine condition of so many dacian coins and artifacts , deppert-lippitz argues that the dacians had no concept of money . '', 
  this is just not true . 
  there is ample evidence that the dacians were using money/coins to trade , including with their neighbors . 
  there are hundreds of discoveries of coins throughout the territory of dacia and , in any case , it would be foolish to believe that in the 1st century ad people living in europe would not know how to use coins when all their neighbors were doing that . 
  i 'm surprised this sort of nonsense was allowed into the article . 
  we have a small tatar minority in romania , mostly living in the dobruja region ( between the danube and the black sea ) . 
  :-) sure . 
  have a good reading !, 
  i see . 
  look , i 'm not saying that everything friedman says is wrong , he obviously also has some good arguments , but he puts too much of an emphasis on geography , and this can distort his analyses . 
  then , there are much better and more informed analyst/thinkers on europe than he is . 
  geopolitics is only one of the approaches to international affairs , one that offers quite narrow answers . 
  international relations ( ir ) is a much wider and more complex field of science . 
  you can start reading the wikipedia article about it http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_relations foreign policy analysis also offers good insights into how states behave http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_policy_analysis now , besides this academic part , in terms of analysis of current events , i would recommend you to read the product of ( foreign affairs ) think tanks . 
  as i see you are polish , here are two institutions from poland which do decent work on eastern europe ( and not only ) http://www.osw.waw.pl/ http://www.pism.pl/en#1 there are many more think tanks . 
  you can find some good ones at page 30 in this ranking of think tanks http://gotothinktank.com/dev1/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/gotoreport2013.pdf, 
  congrats for moving so quickly . 
  now create a land bridge to the uk :-), 
  what foreign affairs issues interest you ? 
  the answer would depend on that . 
  also try to have a wider look on international affairs that the view offered by `` geopolitics '' . 
  stratfor is certainly not the greatest of sources to understand today 's world . 
  they have a fairly good reputation in the media but are not really a respected institution in the foreign policy community . 
  american tourists are welcome . 
  nobody 's your rival . 
  it would be good to stop using those big brushes to describe things . 
  what a crappy message . 
  i am transylvanian myself , but , probably different from you , i actually lived in bucharest for several years and it 's certainly the city in romania that offers the most to its inhabitants , in terms of economic opportunities , standard of life , education , culture , you name it . 
  sure , it has many parts which are not ` pretty ' but there are many parts in romania which are uglier , including in transylvania . 
  it is expensive compared to what ? 
  it is the richest city in romania so yes , for somebody from outside of bucharest it 's expensive . 
  guess what , paris is also expensive for non-parisians . 
  travel a bit around the world and then talk to us about kitschy . 
  and really , all the undesirables of romanian society gathered in bucharest ? 
  does that mean that our transylvania is now some ` paradise on earth ' ? 
  `` corrupt '' ? 
  like you can find that only in bucharest . 
  where the f *** is sorin apostu , the mayor of cluj , the capital of transylvania ? 
  i 'm sure he 's in jail for corruption as tens and tens of other transylvanian politicians/mayors and other people . 
  so cut us some slack about other places being corrupt . 
  nothing makes me more ashamed of some of my fellow transylvanians that this crappy and immature arrogance and attitude of superiority towards the other regions of the country and bucharest in particular . 
  i would recommend you to try to find some other reasons to feel good about yourself than shitting down on your fellow countrymen . 
  can you give any example to support this ? 
  most civil society organisations support their work and the european commission has a lot of words of praise for its activity . 
  they managed to pursue quite a lot of cases . 
  the guy is investigated for something regarding his former role , not his current one . 
  sorry but those are nothing compared to what the russian dash cams are delivering . 
  a few risky overtakes , some undecided drivers and that 's all . 
  it could as well be italy if not for the shitty weather . 
  walking to the grocery store in russia brings more adrenaline than this compilation . 
  i would not go into any such comparisons . 
  vlad the impaler was pretty much an absolute ruler who used abusive and very violent methods to get rid of opponents or other political competition . 
  the dna chief prosecutor is in charge of a team of prosecutors who apply the criminal code and face a lot of legal constraints ( most of them necessary ) , as well as political and media pressure . 
  if vlad the impaler did n't like some boyar he would order for him to be killed . 
  if the romanian parliament does n't want to approve the continuation of the legal process against one of the mps , that legal process does not continue and that mp can safely continue his political ( and criminal ) career . 
  so the dna chief prosecutor does n't even have the power to prevent political abuse of the justice system . 
  yes , that is one of their ` specialties ' , but not kidnapping . 
  i 've read similar stories in another newspaper several months ago . 
  this is just another newspaper looking into it but the actual information is not new . 
  i do n't have time to look for it now but you can find the info on the internet . 
  who do they kidnap ? 
  most of the times romanian/roma criminals commit petty crimes , begging , pick-pocketing and burglaries , with a very low number of violent crimes . 
  though we get many pieces of news about romanians misbehaving outside the county , i have n't heard about this kidnapping thing . 
  are you sure that you are not just repeating a known stereotype about gypsies/roma ( stealing children etc. 
  that is false . 
  the information that the rebels had captured buk systems already existed in the media . 
  it 's true , it was n't very visible but people following the conflict knew about this . 
  the ukrainian authorities should have warned air companies about this and those companies should have had better risk assessment . 
  this is not to excuse russia , they are the ones responsible for that heinous crime , but it 's not like the other parties did n't do any mistakes . 
  we already knew this . 
  villagers have talked to the press before , confirmed that the rocked flew from next to their village . 
  are you for real ? 
  the pact already exists ( read nato ) . 
  most probably the osd is from the original signal but i see that in the upper right corner there is `` elo '' written ( with and accent on ` e ' and an umlaut on ` o ' ) and that is certainly not romanian ( or english ) ; the word is not romanian and we do n't use either accents or umlauts . 
  it does n't matter anyway , it 's not an important issue . 
  thanks but both of the examples/errors you provided do n't seem to be made by romanians . 
  in the first one , the text to the left is written in hungarian ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) and the lower right side it 's written bukarest , which is also hungarian for bucharest . 
  the second example is not from a romanian television . 
  could it be m1 , a hungarian tv ? 
  though i assume they are were not the ones mixing the flags . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m1_%28tv_channel%29 i 'm not saying that romanians ca n't mix the hungarian flag but as / oblio - says below , the hungarian flag is quite visible in the romanian media so it 's not that easy to mix with the italian one . 
  thus i was curious about this . 
  thanks for looking . 
  have a good week . 
  that was not a good idea . 
  i mean , the euro is suppose to unite us europeans so let 's not start putting celebrations/commemorations of battles in which we killed each other . 
  `` one diplomat expressed surprise that `` two centuries later a proposal for some loose change with an image of a hill on it can cause such a fuss in paris , '' our correspondent adds . '', 
  well , that diplomat does n't know much about history , its symbolism and its significance . 
  i 'm with the french on this one . 
  `` in bucharest , steinmeier was unpleasantly surprised by his romanian counterpart bogdan aurescu , who presented him with a momorable brochure marking the 135th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries . '', 
  and `` romanian authorities apologized immediately , explaining that it was a technical mistake . 
  aurescu also apologized personally to steinmeier , who replied that he had n't noticed the mistake . '',
