  how was he unpleasantly surprised if he had n't notice the mistake ? 
  that is just journalists making assumptions . 
  of course not . 
  it was just a blunder . 
  do you have an example of this ? 
  i 've never heard about such a situation . 
  thanks in advance, 
  all good , we 're happy to see our allies showing solidarity and spending resources to help defend our and the alliance 's security . 
  it was just out of solidarity with you guys . 
  it was n't the country of 20 million people who did the mix up , but the some people at the printing company and some other people at the mfa not noticing it . 
  i am romanian . 
  it 's ` good ' to see that our military allies and fellow eu citizens , the czechs , have a higher opinion of russians than of romanians . 
  some small historical notes . 
  in 1938 , when several of czechoslovakia 's neighbors were busy carving up that country , romania refused to participate in this , even though it was offered territory in czechoslovak carpathian ruthenia . 
  in 1968 , when the soviet union and the warsaw pact countries invaded czechoslovakia , romania was the only warsaw pact country that refused to participate in the invasion and was highly critical of the said invasion . 
  so yeah , keep hatting on those romanians . 
  you are right . 
  that figure is actually around 15-20 % , still much less than what would be needed ( 80 % + ) for such a union to happen . 
  so it 's not going to happen , at least not in this decade , everybody calm down and if you 're interested in that country/region , think about how to support and help r.moldova to improve their economic , social , political etc situation . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  there is no official policy to push for reunification and that is very unlikely to happen anyway , as most people in r. moldova do n't want it . 
  if it were even to happen it would be done in an orderly and civilized manner . 
  i was going though the photos on the romanian intelligence service website at this one i was : ok http://www.sri.ro/imagini/fbi_03.03.2015/_svm5649.jpg then this one appeared : wtf !? 
  http://www.sri.ro/imagini/fbi_03.03.2015/_svm5782.jpg dear americans , the fbi is impressive enough , no need to send your nba players . 
   with the crisis they did n't close those fertilizer plants only because of the crisis . 
  the guy owning them was getting from the state very preferential tariffs for the gas and he 's now in jail and some of the ministers involved are also investigated . 
  but indeed , the closing of those plants is the main reason for the decrease in gas consumption and thus also the decrease in imports from russia . 
  in the case of romania its western parts are also more developed , more urban , with better infrastructure and generally better socio-economic indicators . 
  being part of the habsburg/austro-hungarian empire was generally better than being under ottoman control ( south and east romania ) . 
  this is obviously a general picture , bucharest and other cities in the south and east are better than some parts of western romania . 
  there were a couple of years during the period of negotiations with the eu when they were doing better in negotiations than romania . 
  those sort of statements coming from bulgarian politicians were reffering to their small advance in negotiations , and thus wish not to be slowed down by romania , and not to their economic development . 
   russophile he is not a russophile and the issue here is the attack on the democratic institutions of poland , not the attitudes towards russia . 
  same in romania . 
  maybe with some exceptions if for whatever reason their floor is not clean ( house works , host cleaning the floor when you arrive there etc ) . 
  the belgian authorities have in very clear terms denied that this was the case . 
  i am surprised to read that . 
  i thought estonia was quite ahead of the rest of us in terms of online payment infrastructure . 
  in romania you get very easily visa or mastercard debit cards and you can use them to pay online . 
  we all know that they do n't exist . 
   if there is political will . 
  exactly . 
  transylvania gives more to the national budget than what it gets back from the national budget ( not than what it earns ) . 
  yes , to places like vaslui and others . 
  well , transylvania was richer than romania when it joined romania . 
  it also pays a higher share to the romanian budget than it gets back , which means it fully participates at this solidarity . 
  the fact that romanian is a romance language , related to spanish , helps too :-) what makes it a bit funny , is that because of the soap operas , the share of spanish speakers is higher among the romanian women than among the men . 
  because all countries have richer and poorer regions . 
  because nations are also based on solidarity . 
  nope . 
  transnistria can stay there . 
  romania does n't want transnistria because transnistria hates romania . 
  i understand the surprise but i would n't be so harsh . 
  these people can not travel for private visits ( unless there is an urgent humanitarian need , such as receiving medical treatment for a serious condition - one sanctioned russian has used this ) and can not travel to have official meetings if these are not taking place in the framework of an international intergovernmental organisation or another multilateral agreement - such as the case with this visit to bucharest . 
  there are thus some exceptions that allow the higher level officials to travel but obviously these people would want to travel to europe whenever they want and wherever they want and that they can not do . 
  eu countries can also put strict limits to these official visits regarding the places these people are allowed to go and the time they can stay in the eu country . 
  these exceptions are not an invention of the eu , the un sanctions regime also have similar and other exceptions . 
  guys , there are eu sanctions on the guy but the eu legislation has a number of exceptions when travel in the eu is allowed . 
  please see below the article from the piece of legislation that applies in this case `` council decision 2014/145/cfsp of 17 march 2014 concerning restrictive measures in respect of actions undermining or threatening the territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence of ukraine '' http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2014:078:0016:0021:en:pdf the visit of the guy takes place under point 3 ( c ) . 
  as mentioned by my fellow countrymen , romania is among the last countries in europe to be friendly towards the russians . 
  this visit is highly controversial in romania and the authorities received a lot of criticism because of this . 
  that does n't make it illegal . 
  i wish he would n't have come but really , if it 's legal , we have to respect that . 
  at the same time , the ukrainian participants at the meeting have protested in a very visible way ( see video of protest here http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/actualitate/politica/protest+in+parlamentul+romaniei+in+timpul+discursului+presedinte ) so i do n't think this visit was a success at all for naryshkin . 
  `` article 1 1 . 
  member states shall take the necessary measures to prevent the entry into , or transit through , their territories of the natural persons responsible for actions which undermine or threaten the territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence of ukraine , and of natural persons associated with them , as listed in the annex . 
  paragraph 1 shall not oblige a member state to refuse its own nationals entry into its territory . 
  paragraph 1 shall be without prejudice to the cases where a member state is bound by an obligation of international law , namely : ( a ) as a host country to an international intergovernmental organisation ; ( b ) as a host country to an international conference convened by , or under the auspices of the united nations ; ** ( c ) under a multilateral agreement conferring privileges and immunities ; ** or ( d ) under the 1929 treaty of conciliation ( lateran pact ) concluded by the holy see ( state of the vatican city ) and italy . 
  paragraph 3 shall be considered as also applying in cases where a member state is host country to the organisation for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) . 
  the council shall be duly informed in all cases where a member state grants an exemption pursuant to paragraphs 3 or 4 . 
  member states may grant exemptions from the measures imposed under paragraph 1 where travel is justified on the grounds of urgent humanitarian need , or on grounds of attending intergovernmental meetings , and those promoted or hosted by the union , or hosted by a member state holding the chairmanship in office of the osce , where a political dialogue is conducted that directly promotes the policy objectives of the restrictive measures , including support for the territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence of ukraine . '', 
  edit : sorry for the formatting of the legal text . 
  you can find it in an easier to read form in the pdf file at the 1st link provided above . 
  a big thank you . 
  that said , bear in mind that these figures are just part of the story . 
  the net contributors are often also those that get to benefit a lot from the economic growth in ce europe . 
  that is especially the case with the netherlands that is a big investor in the area and reaps some of the benefits of that economic growth . 
  i agree , moving the capitals would be just a bad idea , especially so in this growing climate of euro skepticism . 
  do n't forget that they also disclosed that there were people hidden in the cold room of the hyper cacher , while the attack was far from over . 
  39 now :-(, 
  education is compulsory in romania too . 
  but enforcement is patchy , especially when it comes to people who might not be registered or move ( d ) around . 
  romanian are really grateful to the countries offering help . 
  thank you !, 
  so basically people that do n't agree with you are either brainwashed or propagandists . 
  got that . 
  if you read what i wrote above , i said that corruption in the country is decreasing . 
  almost all the other things you say are wrong . 
  the dna has prosecutors and policemen which can arrest people . 
  the dna did not lost a huge percentage of cases in court . 
  their conviction rate is over 90 % and guess what , it 's absolutely normal to for a prosecution office to lose trials . 
  it would be very wrong if they would win all of them . 
  people that won in court have no reasons not to be running in the future . 
  and no , the people put under investigation are not members of a single party . 
  check the statistics before posting false information . 
   failed to produce any visible results ah , really , having a former pm in jail twice , the current pm under investigation , hundreds of other corrupt people in jail are not `` visible results '' ? 
  corruption is decreasing , not with the speed most people would like it to decrease , but it is decreasing . 
  `` it 's all just a smokescreen masking a political fight between various groups of economic interests disguised in political parties . '', 
  what does this even mean ? 
  the dna has arrested big shots from all the parties , how is this masking a political fight between various groups ?
