  are we suppose to misrepresent the reality now ? 
  use https://disconnect.me/, 
  thanks for your message . 
  after doing a bit of quick research i see that the romanian gun also comes as pa md. 
  1997 version that uses 5.56 x45mm nato and a pa md. 
  2000 , an improved version of pa md. 
  this is how it looks . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/74/pa_md._2000_on_display_at_bsda_2010.jpg not sure what rails/system this model uses to attach the scope + grenade launcher but it seems to at least partially solve the issues you raised . 
  also i 'm not sure if these last models are mass produced as the website of the main producer only shows the older models ( 7,62 mm and 5,45 mm ) . 
  i went back to the photos and you are right . 
  that is the case for most photos with dry/dead vegetation . 
  however , it might not be the case in settings with fresh grass + mud , such as photo no 2 . 
  well , we produce those , making them for many years now so they 're cheap , reliable and easy to use . 
  we also do n't probably have the skills ( actually money ) to make a completely new one that would have superior characteristics while remaining as cheap and reliable . 
  i personally have n't heard of any debates about replacing the main assault riffle in romania . 
  in any case , is the beryl considerably better than the pa md. 
  honest question . 
  maybe some american lost here can help us with this issue . 
  on 1st issue , do n't push it , you are walking on very thin ice here . 
  :-) on 2nd issue , it would not be a problem , certainly not in the case of romania . 
  we are military allies , you would be welcomed to bring your hardware and do trainings with the romanian army . 
  also a renoir and a few by andy warhol . 
  ahh , the competition of the losers , fighting for the last but one place . 
  i wonder of the new zealanders ( and australians ) know that the turkish president is fearing another invasion from their part . 
  they could , i do n't know , invite him for a drink or something . 
  so this is a story about tax evasion in romania . 
  at the same time there are bits about the anti-corruption work being done ( e.g. 
  the 300 mil . 
  euros to be recuperated that the dna prosecutor talks about ) , which is a different subject . 
  on top of that greece is somehow shoved in , while the article 's photo is from chisinau , the capital of moldova , a third country that the article does n't talk about at all . 
  does n't make any sense . 
  it is indeed ionescu in romanian though we mostly use his francized name as well . 
  i would say that he is famous also outside of france and romania . 
  thanks and sorry for the mistake everyone . 
  i was under the impression that at some point kosovo had also accepted that proposal of exchange of territory but i might have been only impressed by the fact that serbia would have agreed to cede some territory from serbia proper ( presevo valley ) . 
  and i 'm romanian . 
  in conclusion , we need to come up with more famous people . 
  ~ ~ both kosovo and ~ ~ serbia proposed this , ceding north kosovo to serbia in exchange for the albanian-populated presevo valley in serbia , but the big powers ( us , uk etc. ), 
  opposed . 
  so they allow kosovo 's secession mainly on ethnic grounds but not the secession of smaller parts of that region , ~ ~ even when there would be agreement between the two countries ( kosovo and serbia ) ~ ~ . 
  one could criticize a lack of consistency here . 
  i mean , what 's the purpose of the investigation if the prosecutors can just order their arrest , backed by the mob . 
  is this justice ? 
  if they are found guilty , then of course , lock them up , but until then people should calm the fuck down . 
  people are arrested when there is a risk that they will try to change evidence , including the position of witnesses . 
  in the case of sova that is a very clear reasons as the prosecutors have shown that he has destroyed several pcs ( hard-drives ) with evidence . 
  without transylvania or the ukrainian parts though . 
  oh , yes it could . 
  russia has done much more unreasonable things than responding to one of its planes being shot down . 
  none of the two parties ( or 3,4 if you count the neutral swedes and fins ) will shot down planes because the risks attached to that are too big . 
  yes , it 's beautiful but this is like the 20th time i see this on reddit . 
  thanks !, 
  nice map , though probably not a neutral choice of colors . 
  would like to see a similar one according to the 2011 census and maybe for the whole country . 
  this is nonsense . 
  tap water in romania is better than the tap water i drink in some parts of western europe . 
  the `` we '' above was meant to mean `` we , in romania '' . 
  afaik , tatars in romania are bilingual , they speak both tatar and romanian . 
  sure , but that has n't stopped them to want to control other countries . 
  this is not about controlling natural resources such as coal . 
  you are right , i was thinking about the same thing when i first saw the chart , thinking specifically about finland . 
  what a crappy and arrogant comment.you should be kept on a leash . 
  it 's great news because russia 's already very small leverage on romania 's energy sector will pretty much disappear . 
  it 's also good news because it shows countries in the region that they too can reduce dependence on russian imports . 
  most romanians do n't give a damn that russia is in a financial crisis . 
  that way they will have less money to invest in their army and will be thus less willing or capable to invade other countries . 
  yes , negotiations involve carrots and sticks but not this kind of stiks in this case . 
  neither ukraine , nor moldova , nor romania will impose an economic blockade on transnistria . 
  that would not be constructive , would lead to a serious deterioration of the humanitarian situation there and would likely lead to a russian intervention . 
  it would just not be a smart move and that 's not the intention neither of ukraine nor of romania . 
  what they are currently trying to do is to convince transnistria to join the new dcfta/trade agreement that moldova has negotiated with the eu , which would make transnistrian producers register with the moldovan authorities and allow them to do quality controls on transnistrian products . 
   rest the rest of europe also asks us , for good reason , not to discriminate against them so no , we can not keep ` our ' gypsies . 
  they are free people , free to travel , equal in rights with all the other european citizens . 
  if they engage in anti-social behavior , apply your laws . 
  if you need the cooperation of the romanian authorities/police then ask for the cooperation of the romanian authorities , but do n't ask us to discriminate against our fellow citizens based on ethnic grounds . 
  romania will not stop at the border its gypsy citizens because that would be racist , discriminatory and illegal . 
  would some of you people calm down ? 
  the intention of the two countries is not about restarting the conflict over transnistria or starving transnistria to death or any other such nonsense , but about doing more diplomatic efforts to help solve that conflict . 
  the negotiations are taking place between the government in chisinau and the transnistrian leadership , what the other neighbors ( like ukraine and romania ) can do is help support this dialogue . 
  and this is the message coming from the two presidents . 
  poverty is indeed a problem for many romanians . 
  however , do not think that all , or even the majority , of romanians begging in sweden are there because they do n't have a roof over their head or nothing to eat in romania . 
  most of these people are roma/gypsy , probably most of them coming from romania , but also from other neighboring countries ( bulgaria , slovakia , former yugoslav space etc. ) . 
  parts of the roma minority are quite badly integrated in their home countries and sometimes do n't feel a particular attachment to any of these countries . 
  if begging in sweden brings them more money that doing some subsistence farming , some other shit jobs or actually begging in their home countries , then they will go and beg in sweden . 
  human trafficking networks are also often involved , transporting these people , including children , placing them in begging spots , dividing the territory between different beggars and begging ` gangs ' , getting a share of their earnings etc. . romania should clearly do more for its citizens ( roma or non-roma ) but it 's just not true that they do n't get any support . 
  the kids get benefits , in some situations adults too , education is free and compulsory and often roma parents refuse to keep their kids in school , there are also some positive-discrimination/affirmative action type of measures regarding higher education with separate university places for roma who would otherwise get there in even lower numbers ; and there are a number of other measures regarding the social inclusion of the roma - like a system of health mediators to mediate/help between these communities and the romanian health system , professional trainings etc. . 
  so this is a much more serious and complex issue of social and economic integration of a minority with partially a different culture and different norms that just a story about poverty . 
  that does n't make the situation any less serious , or , at times , unpleasant ( for swedes or romanians ) but i wanted to offer some context . 
  some imports of russian gas were maintained in order to preserve gas pressure in the network . 
  might also have to do with what the contracts with russia require , not sure . 
  then , there is no need to completely stop imports from russia ( unless they are not at an acceptable price ) . 
  romania 's gas resources are limited , would last only for 20-30 more years , so it would make sense to import some gas from russia in order to have romanian gas available for longer and also to use it in case of crisis ( potential cuts in russian supply or other ) . 
  they are in the process to exploit it . 
  what you say about ussr+wwii applies to romanian oil , not to gas . 
  afaik , romania never exported gas to the soviet union but used it locally and also started importing gas from ussr in 1979 . 
  indeed , romania 's oil and gas production has decreased over the last decades , but a lot of energy-hungry industry has closed after 1989 or has become more energy efficient . 
  buildings/housing are also more energy efficient than 20 or 40 years ago =  reduced energy consumption . 
  there is also a very visible increase in the use of renewable energy sources ( mostly wind and solar ) which covers part of the energy needs , where one would have needed to use more gas ( or coal ) . 
  no , they are part of the lipovan orthodox old-rite church http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lipovan_orthodox_old-rite_church,
