probably a lot of russians , some ukrainians , estonians returning . 
  also like 2 years ago there were probably less then 10 black people in the whole country , now the other day i say like 5 + in one day here in different places ( a lot of them seem to actually be like nigerian students , who then work here as well . 
  we also even have now like 6 `` legal illegal '' sub-saharan africans who forgot where they were from and now can stay here basically indefinitely and live in our public housing , because they ca n't be sent back anywhere ) . 
  also , as i read r/eesti there are a huge amount of people from everywhere in the world constantly asking about questions in relation to moving to estonia . 
  anyways , at the end of the day the demographics of estonia kind of suck , but i think what is important that at least we wo n't be populated by anybody who could ruin this country , but rather ones who come here to help and contribute to build a nice and decent place ( for example , we are very welcoming to other europeans coming here and happy to have anyone who comes here ) . 
  maybe they should add the 10,000 new e-residents as well b ), 
  [ golden advice from a rich instagram kid ] ( http://cdn.dizkover.com/upload/img/thumb/144791-146073752808-12751539-191111181256801-961295922-n.jpg ) ( nsfw ) in all seriousness though it is obvious that there are rich people , middle class people and poor people in every country , same for estonia . 
  also `` richness '' is a matter of perspective as well - estonia is very wealthy compared to ukraine , but very poor compared to monaco . 
  i think it is a great idea , as the refugee crisis seems to be winding down and as brexit referendum ends in one way or the other there will be enough time to focus on probably the most important next step in european integration , which is starting to create a common army . 
  numerous polls have shown a lot of support for it and there are many benefits such as : - cheaper to buy if you pool together a big sum of money - usa has said that they do n't want to keep defending europe for forever , also russia has grown increasingly hostile toward the west - there is no real need for 28 different stand-alone armies in the long run , or at least to have one unified army as well , because nobody really expects a war between eu members - if needed , a unified eu army could be deployed to seek its goals ( for example , create a safe zone in syria together with turkey so that the syrians would not have to leave their country to get into safety ), 
  as much as europeans tend to be blamed for all the ills of the world , it is still important to remember that values such as these were not born either in middle east , africa , asia , the americas or oceania , but in europe , and if it was n't for europeans , these things would n't be not only considered `` universal values '' right now , but instead they probably would 've never been developed at all : - freedom of speech , religion , press - democracy - the concept of universal human rights - rule of law and equality before law for everyone , also right to a fair trial for everyone , and right to defend oneself - fair punishments for crimes , no torture or capital punishment - freedom from discrimination in terms of sex , race , religion , sexuality, 
  most people who left were n't really the sharpest pencils in the box , but honestly right now imo in most ee countries people do n't really feel that they should go to west any more , because quality of life is already quite high and the refugee crisis scared a lot of people . 
  well at least i can tell about estonia that before everyone talked oh how great everything is in western europe , so high wages etc , now i pretty much never hear this argument . 
  yes people still go to study , travel the world etc , but i do n't feel like people would be interested in just going to a richer country for a higher salary ( and if they would go then at least for a good job ) . 
  probably also because most eastern eu people have a rather high self-esteem and thus would find it pretty `` derogatory '' to have to go to say germany and then have to compete for crappy jobs with refugees from third world countries and then live in these bad areas as well . 
  i could definitely see romania becoming a kind of `` a poland of the balkans '' if it keeps tackling corruption and working on creating a nice and stable place for businesses to develop and to receive lots of foreign investment . 
  in reality estonia is on same level as nordics on most things , only needs to catch up economy-wise ( also , for business-owners/small businessmen i think life is even better here due to super low company taxes ) . 
  for me it does n't even matter , because i make a lot of money , but even if i made the average salary i 'd rather stay here in comparison to say sweden , because at least in here the police is n't telling women to stay home or otherwise get raped and while the ethnic russians are n't really perfectly integrated , it is nothing compared to the minorities in sweden ( and the demographic situation will only get worse there ) . 
  also , the overall mood here seems to be more optimistic for the future . 
  it probably would 've been better if the baltics had fought with axis side against the soviet union as well ( there used to be a considerable debate about it ) , probably would have been defeated , but at least would have given a good fight . 
  worst case scenario is that a lot of people would have died on the battlefield and later on many more deported to siberia ... oh wait , this is exactly what happened anyway !, 
  today my biggest worry was ... mm ... yeah actually i do n't think i had any worries and in general do n't as well , so it kind of puts everything in perspective - yes there are crises etc all over the world and news likes to focus on it , but really , if you live in a safe and prosperous western country - you probably got it pretty good . 
  well tbh in comparison to most other countries all swedish parties except sd are left-wing . 
  guy seems to be a hardcore islamic fundamentalist , thus no wonder the swedish left-wing is inviting him over . 
  lol , what a joke . 
  minimum salary in many regions in india is actually $ 50/month and average for the country i would guess according to their nominal gdp is no more than $ 100-150 gross salary . 
  the low birthrates are a real bummer , since sub-saharan africa is breeding like crazy into super poor and horrific conditions ( well not all of them , but still a large part of it is in extreme poverty ) , while white people in their nice and fancy countries with lovely economies are just content with what , like 1.2-1 .8 birth rates , which is n't even sustainable . 
  me personally would like to have a lot of kids eventually , like 5 , but i 'm pretty good economically as well . 
  also , a lot of people say `` world is already overpopulated . '', 
  well guess what , countries like india , bangladesh , sub-saharan africa etc are overpopulated ( in terms of not being able to provide their people a great life ) , not rich and wealthy western countries . 
  numbeo is n't that good really , it is people themselves reporting stuff , so you ca n't take it scientifically . 
  for example according to [ numbeo tables ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=india&amp;country2=estonia ) estonia 's purchasing power is only 15 % higher than india 's , even though estonian gdp ppp per capita is $ 30,000 while india 's is $ 6000 , and india 's net salary in there is written as $ 450/month , even though their nominal gdp per capita is $ 1700/year . 
  ... and it would still be 10x better than isis , al-nusra etc controlled areas + syrians would n't have to leave their homeland to some far-away places . 
  i think the refugees will be happier in turkey than in eu , because they share the same religion and most were part of the ottoman empire as well , so some cultural connections there also . 
  the weather will be also more similar than say in northern europe . 
  same way if for example russia invaded ukraine , that then ukrainians would feel more at home in poland or slovakia , instead of say economically wealthier saudi arabia or japan . 
  from the article :  but nicander also suggested that green party members have been seen making muslim brotherhood signs , with four fingers up in the air , on television . 
  well leftists have always been the biggest supporters of muslims/muslim immigration . 
  in sweden it is probably the far-left 's goal in itself to bring as many muslims into the country as possible ( which aligns with the islamists ' goals ) , so rather than being infiltrated i 'd say they just share a similar vision for the country 's future ethnic makeup . 
  so ... is it like a massive nato cs : go tournament ? 
  estonia 's export to gdp is about 80 % + tourism is about 5-10 % of economy , which means there is lots of euros coming to the country , but also that creates inflation , which means that prices are much higher than say czech republic , poland etc. 
  also estonia is trying to now transition into a `` higher value-added workforce , '' meaning moving away from cheap labor . 
  it was always bigger than russia , even during czarist times , soviet union etc. 
  also , russia is basically `` a natural resources economy , '' 90 % of exports are natural resources and raw materials , 50 % of budget from oil & gas , while baltics have real and modern economies . 
  tbh a large part of the reason why central and eastern eu countries got so much wealthier so fast is that they just had the following : - cheap and good labor - good and liberal business climate - eu membership guaranteeing stability , rule of law , property rights , tackling of corruption , access to single market - this all translated into lots of foreign investment ( + eu funds ) , which translated into a thriving economy ukraine , on the other hand , has always had cheap labor , but not much more to offer , because they never took the time to improve much in the country or try to become a modern european state . 
  i actually love the eu , but i have to say eexit sounds pretty funny :p, 
  39 % positive and 21 % negative does n't really mean an impending exit from eu . 
  moreover , swedes have only themselves to blame for their situation , eu did n't force them to take hundreds of thousands of people in from third world countries , in fact , sweden did all they could to take in as many as possible up until end of last year and tbh sweden 's mentality has n't changed much , their demographic situation also shows that it is only a matter of time when ethnic swedes become a minority in their own country . 
  [ by now about 30 % of residents now have foreign background ] ( http://speisa.com/modules/articles/index.php/item.1097/the-numbers-are-out-swedes-will-be-a-minority-in-few-years.html ) and the situation will probably accelerate and in the future it will be `` the new swedes '' who will decide this country 's fate and not the natives . 
   many serbs see little benefit from the country 's talks on joining the eu . 
  a recent opinion poll found nearly 72 percent of serbs oppose joining the eu and nato . 
  what is the point then of having the negotiations in the first place ? 
  maybe they will be just happier in putin 's eurasion union ( they would gladly take them in immediately ) , as eu is already difficult to manage with the amount of member states that there are , what made easier for the ~ 10 eastern eu countries is at least that all of them are pro-western and pro-europe and do n't look toward russia as some kind of a role model ( you could make a case for that in terms of victor orban , but before him hungary was still very pro-western and i doubt most hungarians really love putin as much as orban does . 
  you sound salty . 
  yeah it was same in estonia as well in the 90s when i was a kid , basically going to mcdonald 's was some super cool thing , to get the happy meal you received even a small gift for it and it felt like going to the best restaurant in the world . 
  obviously now people see it as cheap junk food where poor people go to eat , so it 's interesting how vastly the perceptions have changed . 
  hopefully the revolution of 2024 will end up better than the last two . 
  what are the child benefits like in finland ? 
  in estonia you get for about 2 years the previous salary for having a child . 
  it seems also that finland 's tfr of 1.64 has fallen basically to same level as estonia 's 1.60 , which is quite unfortunate as there were what , like 30k asylum seekers that came last year ? 
  that is not a very healthy balance in terms of the natives . 
  eastern european countries together with austria are the only ones actually who are contributing to the end of the refugee crisis and trying to stop the migrants coming to eu in the first place . 
  only once fences were erected on macedonian borders , did the refugee flow go down a lot . 
  also eastern eu countries are most hawkish against taking in refugees , if there were no eastern eu countries , then western europe would already be drowning in migrants , because everyone in western eu is afraid of speaking out against taking them , in fear of being called a racist . 
  wow this / r/sweden place sure has changed , last year i went there and made a topic and asked if the crime rate had increased in the past years and everyone downvoted me and told me that i was a racist ( i did n't even mention anything about immigration ) . 
  this kind of tells me that things might be pretty bad in sweden . 
  you only wrote about finances , how about the alignment of muslim 2nd generation 's values with western values ? 
  also , it seems almost all the terrorists are also second generation muslims and the ones going to fight for isis seem to be mostly second generation as well . 
  how come as one of the most liberal and open society in that of sweden it is classified what government funding is being cut ? 
  i mean , it would be an outrage if our government said that we will cut funds , but wo n't tell you what exactly we will cut . 
  actually it would probably be illegal and a political suicide to do something like that in any other western country . 
  well this is what happens if you have to integrate hundreds of thousands migrants ( together with illegals ) , from extremely religious third world failed state hellholes into a western society , even though a large part of them actually hate the west and white people in general . 
  main problem is also that their birth rates are much higher than that of locals and that usually the second generation tends to fare worse at integration than the first . 
  so it feels kind of mission impossible to me , but at least economy is doing fine ... for now ... 
  i 've seen a ton of land-whales when i have been to america , but interestingly enough in the rich areas almost everyone seemed to be perfectly fit . 
  the russian stereotype is definitely true here , because while they are very good looking in early 20s ( not as pretty as estonian women , of course  ) , then once they marry/have kids and are lets say already 35 , then most all of them get fat and ugly + stop taking any care of their looks . 
  yeah italians dress really well and always look good , men as well ( no wonder so many famous fashion brands are from italy ) . 
  the girl on the right is absolutely stunning !, 
  they seem to be a rather wealthy family ( the dresses are worth way more than the average r/europe redditor 's month salary ) , any italians know who they are ? 
  1 ) economies between many western and eastern eu countries is almost the same in purchasing power parity 2 ) by this time eu has scrapped or heavily limited the amount of refugees it takes in . 
  many countries found out the hard way that it is extremely hard to integrate people from 3rd world muslim failed states . 
  this is why most western/nordic eu countries have a lot of american-style segregated societies/ghettos , filled with crime , unemployment , use of arabic as main language , religious extremism and a deep hatred toward the native people . 
  however immigration both illegal and legal will stay strong from african/middle eastern countries as migrants will continue to figure out different ways to get to eu , as europe 's standard of living will still continue to be so much higher than anywhere else around it . 
  3 ) uk left the eu , some other countries considered leaving as well , but since there were no more referendums it did n't happen . 
  after the refugee crisis was solved and after another economic/debt crisis there was a time of stability , in which eu develops once more toward a federation , with the creation of an eu army as a major step forward . 
  4 ) since the economic differences were reduced between east and west , and since open borders have diminished the differences between eu people , there is more of a common sense of unity and it is now very common for europeans to live/work/study in different eu countries and more people will begin to feel like `` europeans '' in addition to their national identity . 
  4 ) in russia at one point putin loses his power for one reason or the other , which creates massive chaos in the country , as there will be a huge struggle for power between the united russia old guard , the oligarchs , the nationalists , the democracy-activists , the various regional separatists ( especially chechnya and other caucus muslim countries who will use this to break free from russia ) and the communists . 
  this is why things turn from bad to worse in russia and since putin had destroyed virtually all democratic institutions there will be a major downfall in the economy and the overall functioning of the state . 
  in this turmoil there will be another free-for-all wild west capitalism in that all previously nationalised companies will be sold off again and oligarchs will regain their power , while most of them or their families will actually live in western countries to protect their safety and their money . 
  5 ) some balkan countries have been able to get close to joining eu , but there has n't been much progress for belarus , ukraine , moldova and georgia , unfortunately . 
  also turkey has become a bit more democratic , but is still very far away from joining eu . 
  6 ) estonia will be a very successful country by 2026 and its various start-ups have become quite big and well-known . 
  also , the 0 % corporate tax rate and the e-residency brought a lot of new companies ( + money ) and also immigrants to estonia , which has helped push estonia to have a very high gdp per capita ppp and in terms of quality of life it is on par or higher than other western eu countries . 
  also , tallinn is now a very popular place for westerners to migrate as well , since they are warmly welcomed here and everyone knows english and it is in general a great city to live in . 
  however , as estonia became wealthier , more and more immigrants from third world countries started to come here as well , also many people trying to flee the crisis in russia . 
  this creates some tensions between the local population and the illegal/low-quality labourers . 
  feminist logic is oftentimes even sillier than religious logic imo . 
  for example , i know that christianity considers casual sex `` immoral '' and thus prostitution as well and i can kind of understand the reasoning there , as `` a good christian '' should focus on spiritual life and refrain from material pleasures etc. 
  however , feminist logic is even more weird . 
  first off , it is difficult to understand , as to whether feminists even think that women should be having sex in the first place , because according to them it is an act in which the man is in a dominant position and a women in a submissive position , so the act must be frowned upon , probably at least according to some of the 3rd wave feminists .
