  ok , whatever the feminist logic is toward sex , then comes the issue of when a woman is having sex on her free will . 
  well , the feminists ca n't really stop that i guess , since most women actually love to have sex and find great pleasure from it . 
  yet , for some reason , if both people have decided on their free will that they want to have sex , it is ok , but if the man decides to gives some money for a mutual decision to have sex ( trafficking is illegal anyway everywhere in europe and large social safety nets provide everyone with minimum living standards ) , then the man suddenly becomes a criminal ?!, 
  i mean you ca n't make this up and it is mind-boggling even to try to get into the brains of the 3rd wave feminists , but the logic seems to be getting lost somewhere here . 
  it is kind of the same as with the whole gamergate thing imo . 
  at one point feminists go about the streets naked and ask that they be able to walk without having to wear a shirt and extremely rarely also they raise a concern of women having to wear niqab 's in muslim countries , but at the same time the same 3rd wave feminists get extremely angry , if a video games decides to create a female character , who shows some cleavage , which has forced most game developers to completely cover up the new characters now and so scared to ever create a sexy character any more in fear of a 3rd wave feminist backlash ( e.g league of legends ) . 
  so yes , probably wasted my time trying into the minds of 3rd wave feminists , but they and their new policies , which they are enforcing with social media smear campaigns , have become kind of a joke , especially taking into account that there is still massive discrimination against women in 3rd world countries going on , especially in muslim societies , but who care about women not being able to drive a car in saudi arabia or women getting whipped in indonesia with a lash for walking in the streets without a male companion , if you have bigger problems like game devs releasing sexy video game characters . 
  imo most probable outcome as well . 
  the current 50-50 polls do n't take into account the fact that usually old and right-wing people turn out to polls while young and left-wing people tend to stay home . 
  well at least it is falling faster than any country in the world . 
  we just had a month with 0 murders, 
  i was just to poland as well and if this was a crime then the whole male population would probably be in jail . 
  apart from a rapidly falling murder rate , estonia is probably much safer in most other aspects than uk . 
   poles ? 
  problems with crime but nothing major afaik . 
  main thing in terms of crime from people of eastern eu countries is that most of our criminals actually left and migrated to western europe ( since they were low lives anyway and probably it is pretty hard to survive in an eastern eu country with a long rap sheet in comparison to starting from a clean slate in a western eu welfare state ) . 
  most eastern eu countries are probably even safer at the moment than western europe ( especially in terms of security moving alone at night , especially women + no western eu style no-go-zones ) , but i know also even here i all the time read about how some `` estonian citizens '' did this or that in one country or the other , but it is super safe here . 
  people just think in general that you brits have a way too high of a self-image of yourself as if half the rest of eu is ready to immigrate to your country . 
  in reality the positives about uk is that it uses english which everyone knows and has high wages , but on the negative side : - horrible weather all year long - extremely expensive prices for everything , especially london - arrogant and self-centered people - high pollution levels - bad food - everybody always rushing to somewhere , especially the subway which seems to be a crazy place in itself - many segregated immigrant communities that have not integrated well into the society, 
  average gross salary this year should come in at about $ 13k and net $ 11k this year . 
  in terms of estonia vs italy gdp ppp comparison then [ estonia is ahead of southern italy ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oecd_regions_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita , but northern italy is basically same level as any other rich western eu region and with which there is still a considerable gap . 
  actually all studies both in u.s and eu have shown that there is a [ clear link ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/study-finds-young-devout-muslims-in-germany-more-prone-to-violence/a-5655554 ) in that the more devout/religious a christian is , the more peaceful he is , but the more devout/religious a muslim is , the more violent he is . 
  it kind of makes sense as well , because i have studied the islamic religion and if for christianity you can see that it has definitely many good things about it , jesus was a very good , kind-hearted person , helped people , taught about spirituality and was an overall good and nice person ( anybody can agree with that ) , but since christianity is n't only about jesus ' teachings it has a lot of stupid stuff as well . 
  yet as much as i 've read about islam i think the only `` net positive '' or overall `` good thing '' in an ethical viewpoint is that it advises people to give to charity x % of their income . 
  other than that it is basically about `` submission/surrender ( official translation of the word islam ) '' to a suspect ideology that is based on male domination ( women are not much higher than animals ) , jihad as the main way to get to heaven , pointless rituals etc. 
  either way for me what was interesting as i read about islam was that actually isis is not some kind of a crazy and extremist society that has a twisted view of islam . 
  in fact , if you were to follow qu ` ran word-for-word then the islamic state is exactly how an ideal state would be like and all the things they are doing there ( sex slaves , beheadings of infidels , violent and cruel punishments , jihad etc ) are basically what mohammed had done himself or ordered to be done in his life as well . 
  it is all in wiki page of [ islam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam ) and [ mohammed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhammad ) ( + [ criticism of mohammed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_muhammad ) ) . 
  also i 'm not anti-muslim or anything , i 'm just writing down the exact ideology as it is and i try to take a neutral standpoint from it . 
  imo mohammed was more of an opportunist in that even some of his wives told that often times he had visions of god 's will that in many ways were very beneficial for himself as well . 
  also he was a shrewd businessman owning , buying and selling slaves , also good at warmongering and dominating over other tribes , and kind of a ladies-man , having 11 wives and numerous concubines/sex slaves . 
  so basically a kind of an egoistic cult-leader is what he might be today , making huge amounts of money from his followers and having lots of `` lady-friends . '', 
  problem with islamic religion is that it has shown 0 signs of reform over the last 1300 + years . 
  i mean , if you look at isis then it is as barbaric as it gets , also a large part of muslim nations give death sentence for converting to christianity etc. 
  moreover , it seems like when the muslim population grows , the worse it usually gets . 
  the worst areas like molenbeek or the swedish no-go-zones etc are all ones where there is almost full muslim populations . 
  uk will probably leave anyway and france is second most influential member after germany in eu so they are going to have a strong voice in any matter . 
  well an eu army would go much further in terms of value for money spent , since you could pool purchases together and focus more on protecting the continent instead of having 28 unique stand-alone armies designed mainly for protection of one 's own borders , which do n't really exist anymore in many places . 
  also , i do n't really see any eu country going to war with each other any more , but there are still credible threats outside of eu and potential missions that eu might have to take part in the future to stabilise some regions , that all nations could agree on . 
  i wish we could do more for ukraine as no european country should be in such dire straits . 
  i think the association agreement should be able to bring more investment to the country . 
  however , the real problem with ukraine is actually its corruption . 
  if ukrainians would be able to get rid of the corruption then eu companies would be happy to set up industries there ( cheaper production costs ) , but right now nobody can really safeguard their investments there . 
  for example , a rich estonian investor had one of the biggest shopping centers in kiev ( sky mall ) , but then he sold 50 % of his shares in that shopping center for about $ 40mln to an ukrainian investor with the chance to buy the shopping center back for about $ 50mln later on . 
  then what happened is that the ukrainian investor decided to block off entrances into the sky mall offices for the estonian investor ( hillar teder ) and basically told him that he now owned the place . 
  he also ignored all the demands from the estonian investor to give back his holdings and meanwhile has received about $ 80mln in rent money for the past years ( from the shopping center ) and supposedly he has some connections with poroshenko 's inner circle as well . 
  this is i guess just one example as to why ukraine is having a hard time getting investment money from other countries . 
  yes there are 3 mcdonalds in tallinn , but if you are at any place in l.a or miami you will see at least 3 or more fast food joints in every single block of street . 
  this is why eu needs its own army , most powerful economy in the world , yet nobody really takes it seriously on world stage . 
  i think merkel and other leaders openly talked about it last year , but then the stupid self-created refugee crisis came along and there was no time to discuss it . 
  this is exactly how it is . 
  i do n't want to be mean or anything , but the times i 've been to u.s and to the big cities like miami and los angeles , i 've found 80 % of the food offered everywhere to be pure trash . 
  basically you have a mcdonalds , burger king , dunkin donuts and other fast food joints at every corner of the street , but if you want to actually eat healthy then you have to go to whole foods and pay a ton of money or go to an expensive and fancy restaurant . 
  even hotels serve trash food ( even expensive ones ) - mainly french fries , burgers etc and everything is with massive amounts of salt and cooking oil . 
  so tbh i 'm not surprised that a lot of americans are pretty fat . 
  also , it seemed like rich people seemed to be thin and healthy looking ( because they can afford to eat well ) while all the poor people who have to rely on fast food joints and other cheap foods seemed to be really fat . 
  there is no tax on corporate profits , only on dividends , so we are actually kind of like a tax haven , that nobody knows about . 
  our company does business also in latvia , lithuania and poland . 
  i just came from a trip there and out of 9 people who had applied for a customer service position in riga , 3 of them had just moved back from uk to latvia . 
  also , imo especially lithuania and poland in terms of how cheap everything there is ( about 20-25 % cheaper even than estonia ) , i really do n't see why people in cee would want to move to the west at this point , because imo it is better to live in your own homeland , than to go to a place where the salary is higher , but if you take into account cost of living then it does n't really make much of a difference . 
  moreover , imo the communities seem to be safer in cee than a lot of western eu countries and cee is still developing fast and has no debt + unemployment problems . 
  $ 11,700 moar to catch winland . 
  to put estonia 's $ 30k in perspective , then 15 years ago in 2001 it was only $ 10k . 
  i had no idea that already cr and slovenia are ahead of spain in gdp ppp per capita numbers , also estonia , lithuania and slovakia very close as well . 
  moreover , already 8 cee countries are ahead of greece and 5 cee countries ahead of portugal . 
  this trend is kind of starting to change the east-west wealth divide now into a kind of a west + north region vs an east + south region in terms of relevant economic development . 
  things do n't look very bright for the south as well in terms of massive debt to gdp both in portugal , spain , italy and greece + not very good economic governance as well , so in time i think cee will get on par with the south . 
  it is self-reported happiness , to quote another post i already wrote here :  this is what the numerical value actually shows :  the distribution of world happiness is presented by global and regional charts showing the distribution of answers , from roughly 3,000 respondents in each of more than 150 countries , to a question asking them to evaluate their current lives on a ladder where 0 represents the worst possible life and 10 , the best possible . 
   then they try to explain that number with gdp per capita , life expectancy etc. 
  actually every single happiness report that i have read about countries has latin american countries ranking extremely high in happiness indices . 
  for saudis i think the reason is that their gdp ppp per capita is 11th in the world . 
  the index itself is very self-explanatory , it is people saying how great their life is 0-10 and only people themselves know how happy they are with their lives so just that if you think that `` people living in country x should be very miserable because of reasons yz '' then you are just trying to assume that happiness is tied to certain outside factors , which is not the case . 
  you can be happy even in miserable conditions and sad in amazing conditions . 
  this is what the numerical value actually shows :  the distribution of world happiness is presented by global and regional charts showing the distribution of answers , from roughly 3,000 respondents in each of more than 150 countries , to a question asking them to evaluate their current lives on a ladder where 0 represents the worst possible life and 10 , the best possible . 
  then they try to explain that number with gdp per capita , life expectancy etc. 
  i love eu a lot actually , this is why i am an eu federalist . 
  what is more important than the european union in its current form is actually basically overall european wide unity and integration and while some member states might leave , it does not necessarily spell the end for `` ever closer integration '' for europe and countries can always re-join at a later future date , even if it might take 20-30-40 years . 
  in u.s there was a very hard and rocky road as well until a stable federation developed after the civil war . 
  i think it took close to 100 years since declaration of independence . 
  if these `` migrants '' keep coming to eu in the millions , then i would n't be surprised if eu referendums would become the new norm , denmark , netherlands and czech republic might be in the line as well . 
  it would be sad to see european countries return back to isolationist-nationalism , but this is what merkel has basically brought europe back into . 
  before extending the invitation to millions of people living in failed states or refugee camps to come to europe , the far-right in eu was almost non-existent , now it is growing every day in most eu countries . 
  the `` eesti juust '' is actually a good cheese , i eat it every day . 
  do n't judge a book by its cover !, 
  i guess it 's a commonwealth thing , same is for [ lithuania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41kfqw6ante ) . 
  you would live very well in estonia and [ tallinn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=preds1ynhtu ) as well for that salary . 
  i am making that type of money as well , but my costs are actually only ~ $ 1,000 , live very comfortably ( have a mortgage on 80m2 new apartment , which i did buy during crisis time though so got it cheap ) and i save and invest the rest of it ( going for financial independence in 1-2 years hopefully ) . 
  also tallinn is probably one of the safest capitals in europe , there is no bureaucracy , e-government stuff , lots of cultural/music etc events happening all the time , free transport for residents , great nightlife in old town and overall the city is really beautiful . 
  also , estonians imo are one of the most open and friendly people toward white immigrants from other countries , also young people ~ 95 % speak very good english . 
  in terms of downsides , i would say bad weather obviously , estonians are also at first hard to find contact with because many are introverted ... other than that i ca n't really think of many more downsides to living here , as long as you are a white westerner and have a decent income . 
  ok 1 downside more , which is the russian minority , that does n't want to integrate , but they do n't really cause any troubles other than about half of them living in a russia today propaganda bubble . 
  tbf i would n't be surprised if this was the case some time in the future if same migration numbers continue . 
  there is a reason why women in arab countries wear a hijab and are accompanied by a male guardian outside of their homes . 
  is there really someone in / r/europe who thinks it is ethnic swedes or white westerners who are sexually harrassing/raping local women so much that police has to give this warning ? 
  it would still be cheaper than spending like $ 1000 + / month on them in sweden or germany . 
  there is n't really that much of a need for utilities imo , it will be somewhat warm anyway and then just provide all the necessities like food , water , clothes , medicine etc. 
  some volunteer groups could teach stuff as well and there you have it . 
  i think it could actually work out , if all the `` migrants '' who try to come to eu by boats would be instead diverted on some uninhabited greek islands , into which eu could help to build giant refugee camps , in which it would be decided whether they can get asylum or will be deported back . 
  or , just keep them there until war in their respective countries are over . 
  they would also have the ability to go back whenever they decided to ask for it .
