  in return , greece would get debt reduction for temporarily hosting the migrants . 
  muslims are higher on the progressive victim list than women , so respecting muslim cultural norms is more important than caring about women 's rights . 
  kind of funny how in slovakia their most left-wing party is massively to the right of sweden democrats , who are considered nazis in sweden . 
  there is no credible russian invasion threat right now and ethnic russians are behaving much better right now than for example arabs/muslims in western europe . 
  how fascinating , except i do n't see really a single thing in arab countries , that eu or western countries in general could learn or improve from , yet i see a whole lot of horrible and abhorrent things that are more or less accepted in islamic countries . 
  this is exactly what i said , that there is no real crisis right now . 
  i do n't think there is any actual crisis in estonia right now , but if you read news and from an average estonian 's perspective i think the crises would be the following : - refugee crisis , always gets most comments in news outlets , people are really hysterical about it , far-right has also grown a lot in support , which did n't really exist a few years ago . 
  that being said i think estonia received ~ 190 asylum applications last 12 months . 
  - economy not growing as fast as we would like it to - salaries not being on same level as nordics, 
  i feel bad for the greeks . 
  after all western civilisation was birthed in greece and thanks to their courageous wars against the much outnumbered persians they were able to keep democracy and culture alive until alexander the great defeated the persians for good . 
  unfortunately , it is sad to see greece now in such dire straits . 
  not only have they been in recession for ages , but now also they might have to deal with hundreds of thousands of desperate illegal migrants roaming in their streets , probably starting to cause all kinds of problems , also hurting tourism , so it seems that greece simply ca n't catch a break for some reason . 
  it would be even better if germany started flying them in straight from turkey , why put greece into all this trouble , if merkel 's only goal is to make sure that everyone can get to germany anyway without hindrances . 
  also , she should maybe start flying them over from syria and iraq as well , so no additional journey would have to be made , and also from libya , so nobody would drown in mediterranean , and somalia , eritrea and every other place in the world that has some kind of a civil war or a repressive government . 
  if the experiment would not work out in 10-15 years and germany would end up like the countries that people fled from , then others can just build a giant fence around germany and move on with their lives . 
  [ malmo ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/crime/city_result.jsp?country=sweden&amp;city=malmo ) seems to be 6th most unsafe city in europe , other cities do n't fare much better according to this survey . 
  i ca n't post a link , because it is in breitbart , but a former police chief of malmo ( torsten elofsson ) basically said that they ca n't even go to specific places without at least 4 police officers , same for firemen , because otherwise they would just be thrown at by rocks , having the cars ' tires deflated , windows thrown in etc , if left unchecked . 
  i know that everyone likes to hate on this self-reported survey , but imo having travelled a lot in europe and kind of knowing the countries as well , the graph seems quite representative of the overall perception of safety/crime in these countries . 
  only country whose result seems weird is ireland to me . 
  i know estonia is second on the list , but honestly , you can go around the whole country where-ever you want to , at whatever time and you will feel perfectly safe and sound , we do n't really have any `` bad areas '' where you should n't go because of crime or whatever and the police is extremely professional and very good at what they are doing . 
   nevertheless , i would n't call philip ii `` incredibly wise and able '' : he certainly was n't the bloodthirsty , incestuous monster his protestant enemies liked to picture him , just a narrow-minded bureaucrat who would probably have been far happier rubber-stamping documents in some minor public administration than being the absolute ruler of a world empire . 
  well he did possess a lot of good personal qualities , he was imo very smart , already when he was extremely young he knew a lot about politics and was tutored very well . 
  he became the regent of spain already at 16 and in general he was good imo at keeping peace in places where there were no religious conflicts . 
  he was also very just/fair and did n't seem to abuse his power for personal gain , he was kind of happy with what he got and tried to take good care of it . 
  most monarchs , on the other hand , had a lot of really bad qualities if you read history and did a lot of really bad things , the fact he did n't really have any bad qualities is great in itself ( this is why i liked isabella and philippe ii a lot , it is great to read about people who have almost absolute power yet use it very well ) . 
  in terms of religious conflicts i agree that since he was a very devout catholic he spent a lot of time trying to keep all his dominions under catholicism , which was a mistake , since it was just delaying the inevitable , but this is not necessarily because of political reasons , but he genuinely believed catholicism was the only true christian religion . 
  in general both isabel and philippe were both very religious and did probably both go too far with their enforcement of it to their lands ( i 'd say a major mistake for isabel was also the enabling of the inquisition , even though she did n't really even support it , but rather everyone else around her were able to talk her into it and it seemed like a good idea to consolidate the monarchy ) . 
  however , the flip side of it is that spain stayed away from religious conflicts that plagued a lot of other christian kingdoms of the time and thus was able to be a stronghold in terms of defending the mediterranean against the ottomans and expanding overseas . 
  i always liked spain as a country a lot and have been there many times so i have been reading and also watching the tv series isabel ( best tv series i 've ever watched ) a lot , and honestly it is really fascinating to watch how great of a monarchs you had in 15th/16th century in isabella of castile and philippe ii of spain ( i have n't got to charles v yet ) . 
  basically before the reign of isabella of castile , the monarch of castile was largely controlled by a bunch of nobles who were always fighting with each other and the country seemed to be in perpetual civil war . 
  then isabella of castile broke herself completely loose from all the nobles who used to control the monarch , brought peace and stability to the country , married to fernando of aragon and thus united spain itself , completed the reconquista in granada and provided money for columbus ' journey to discover america ( i 'm in 1492 right now so do n't know much more of her later years ) . 
  then philippe ii , another incredible wise and able monarch basically brought spain to its peak of wealth and power as he kind of continued what was already achieved . 
  as a major accomplishment also helped to fend off ottoman turks who would 've moved in to italy , the mediterranean islands and beyond if it was n't for king philippe ii 's navy and for him gathering support form all the other christian kingdoms of the time as well . 
  so yeah basically these really great monarchs were able to through their wise leadership bring a weak and unstable castile to become the most wealthiest and powerful nation in the world at the time . 
  they did do some mistakes though and since history is mainly written by anglo-saxon nations ( [ the black legend ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_legend ) ) they do n't get much credit for what they did , but imo they were some of the wisest rulers of any nation in history . 
  it might be because we already have a popular local app called taxify , which is much better than uber imo and which is fast expanding outside of estonia as well . 
  in addition i think there are 2 more local uber-type apps as well . 
  right now there is a rightwing conspiracy theory that the estonian government is bringing in refugees and housing them in our university dorm rooms ( there has been an influx of visible minority international students in the past years ) . 
  i think what is needed is an european solution , since we ca n't just make greece into a giant refugee center as they can barely support themselves at the moment . 
  so imo eu should send all the refugees at first to somewhere in africa ( buy off a dirt poor country there to get some land and make huge refugee camps there ) and after processing them , it would be decided if they can get to eu ( or pay off some other country to take them in , costs paid by eu ) , if they maybe want to go back to their own country or if they would just like to stay in the camps until war is over . 
  basically it is same thing as australia is doing and would be really cheap and all the refugees would get a nice and safe place to stay until war is over in their respective countries , i think this would be an acceptable win-win solution for all sides really . 
  i do n't know much about albania and its people , but reading this thread lowered my opinion on them quite a lot from a somewhat neutral view , so i do n't think this thread really achieved its intended purpose ? 
  there are n't really that many historical examples from refugees coming over to a country , because back in the day you did n't receive anything if you just showed up and claimed to be persecuted , if anything , you would be persecuted much more in the new country . 
  however , some countries like [ lebanon are actually slowly becoming failed states due to a huge influx in refugees ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/lebanon-the-next-failed-state/a-19066242 ) , as christians went from 60 % to now i think below 40 % and are fast becoming a smaller and smaller minority there . 
  also you could say that a lot of the people who went to americas were also refugees and were persecuted either due to their religion or something else . 
  however , we all know what happened to the `` local american population '' and their culture ( some of it actually was quite advanced ) when white people started to immigrate there . 
  google translate is a joke . 
  it actually means `` for estonia . '', 
  sure , i 'll do my best , since google translate is kind of horrible : delfi photos : ekre youth organisation 's torchlight march also included so called soldiers of odin today at 7 ekre 's youth movement `` blue awakening 's '' torchlight march begun through tallinn old town . 
  the march started on independence square and came back at 8 o'clock to independence war 's memorial , in which there were speeches until 9 o'clock . 
  the youth movement has said that similar marches have been happening for years in latvia , lithuania and poland . 
  a nationalist march in warsaw during poland 's independence day on 11/11 brought together 50,000 people . 
  in estonia the march is happening for the third time . 
  `` in our time it is important to show , that patriotism is n't gone among our youths , '' tells a leader in the blue awakening movement . 
  we want our descendants to be given that which our forefathers fought for : an independent nation state , which is not under east or west 's power and in which you can feel sure , that estonian nationality stays alive for thousands of years more . 
  blue awakening has said that all estonian patriots are open to take part in the torchlight march , no matter what is their political association , but who want to pay their respects to their forefathers and stand for the future of estonians . 
  this year the goal is to make the march more appealing : there is heard the music of the fatherland , there are lots of estonian and foreign guests ' flags and there are many surprises . 
  there are guests in this march from latvia , lithuania , finland , sweden and poland from nationalist youth organisations . 
  `` in the whole of europe the spark of nationalism is rising again , '' says kaalep . 
  `` we are cooperating with a lot of europeans , who are united by the idea , that we are not world citizens in a global spending society , but that we have roots and identity . 
  if germans keep trying to make sure that millions of `` migrants , '' from half the world away can get into europe , then i suppose it is only a matter of time when the concept of the eu would unfortunately begin to end . 
  why would a sane person want to have the same things that happened in cologne or in paris to happen in their respective cities ? 
  i could n't imagine ~ 2000 young `` north african or arab men '' being in the center of tallinn raping and mugging our women on new year 's eve . 
  i mean it is difficult enough to find common ground among different europeans , but it is 10x harder to find common ground with islamic fundamentalists who do n't believe in any of the foundations of western civilisation and who believe that religious law -  law of the land . 
  on a ppp basis it would be easier , estonia is $ 28,000 per capita while finland , denmark , sweden and iceland are $ 40,000-46 ,000 , it is definitely much harder on a nominal basis . 
  what is needed is that some of these startup companies would hopefully grow much larger and also maybe more entrepreneurial people to come to estonia/start businesses here thanks to the e-residency and other positive news that surround estonia a lot . 
  there are already [ 8500 e-residents ] ( https://app.cyfe.com/dashboards/195223/5587fe4e52036102283711615553 ) after 1 year and ~ 60 % of them applied for the goal of either starting a location independent business or bringing business to estonia , which eventually might bring up a potential tax haven issue , since this is one of the reasons why many want to establish a business here . 
  i think estonia could become like a new ireland though , as it also was a bridge between us companies coming to eu , even though it used to be quite poor in the past . 
  [ crime rate on a reported basis ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp?title=2016&amp;region=150 ) is actually second lowest in europe , problem is though homicide rate , but i think it is going down faster than anywhere in the world though . 
  problem with gdp per capita is yes that wealth takes time to accumulate and you just ca n't get to same level as nordics in 25 years . 
  what would probably happen : 1 ) uk would get the same deal as switzerland/norway , 4 eu freedoms would be respected , some money is given to eu coffers as well 2 ) scotland would demand another referendum , would probably become independent and join eu 3 ) rest of eu moves more swiftly toward a federation , since the only major country opposed to it was uk, 
  this is kind of exactly what europeans think about brits . 
  seems like the easiest target ever for some crazy isis nutjobs , there was just news that there might be 5k jihadis in eu , at least one could pull the trigger and it would be another paris . 
  [ moldova has very nice hotels ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bav28hvnnue&amp;ab_channel=hotelchisinau ), 
  estonian number for 2015 is incorrect , [ the salaries rose here ~ 5-7 % yoy ] ( https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/eesti_keskmine_palk ) . 
  you are correct !, 
  actually most of the people who leave eastern eu countries are n't really considered as high society , instead they tend to have somewhat low education , low qualifications , from more rural regions , the unemployed , some are criminals etc. 
  so you kind of get rid of the people who would struggle in eastern eu , while mostly keep the higher qualified people , which might be a reason why there has been a significant per capita gdp growth in eastern eu . 
  [ there was a first meeting of estonian soldiers of odin group as well ] ( http://epl.delfi.ee/news/eesti/fotogalerii-reedel-kogunesid-odini-sodalased-tallinna-vanalinnas-ruhmituse-esimesele-koosolekule?id=73684387 ) , some 60 people gathered together . 
  it has some 5000 likes on fb , yet there are barely any actual refugees in estonia . 
  basically according to the most likely scenario ( britain becoming another norway/switzerland ) the only thing that would change for the uk is that they would just give away their right to vote in the eu council and lose their meps in the european parliament ( uk pretty much has opted out of everything in eu anyway ) , while still having to comply most of the eu rules and regulations just like norway/switzerland + contribute to eu coffers . 
  now while i see how this would benefit the eu ( not having to listen to the uk constantly complaining about everything and trying to stop the ever-closer union , while uk having to follow all the rules and regulations anyway ) , i really ca n't see any benefit from this to the uk , especially since a lot of britons like to still see themselves as a world power , but if all the important european decisions are made in brussels and the brits are ones who just have to comply with them , what kind of a world power is this country ? 
  short descriptions from left to right : mart helme - national conservative , his party is kind of like front national in france mailis reps - pro russian candidate from the pro russian party allar j\u00f5ks - former chancellor of justice , kind of right wing ` ish , but also quite center ` ish siim kallas - former prime minister and founder of reformierakond , also used to be a vice president eu commission . 
  a true liberal . 
  marina kaljurand - also from reformierakond ( the party that has been in power i think at least 15 + years ) , a very centrist candidate i would say , do n't know any of her positions , but she is most favoured by people of estonia according to polls and seems to be a likeable person . 
  so ... something like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/bodiam-castle-10my8-1197.jpg ) ? 
  they secede their right to vote in eu matters after triggering article 50 though . 
   eu 's defense ministers will meet in the slovak capital of bratislava on september 26-27 to discuss ways to unify security policy . 
  seems like things are finally moving from just plain calls to create an eu army to actual discussions on how to make it happen . 
  it is the perfect time for it as well , because the whole brexit drama is now over , refugee crisis seems to be winding down and there is time to focus on moving the union forward . 
  the amount of sunlight a country gets seems to be inversely correlated with the suicide rate . 
  the only reason for it is because central banks are printing money and buying said bonds to get the interest rates so low , as well as bringing interest rates to below 0 and thus forcing institutional investors to pay money to hold it in a bank . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcvwnnhcpeg ), 
  actually estonia was really stronk during the first republic : 1920 antwerp - 3 medals , 14th rank 1924 paris - 6 medals , 16th rank 1928 amsterdam - 5 medals , 16th rank 1936 berlin - 7 medals , 13th rank, 
  estonia is actually one of the most energy-independent countries in europe with like 90 + % of electricity produced in here , it is just some old commie-block buildings that might need gas to heat their stove or something . 
  this is one thing that estonians are n't really smart about , in that most everyone is trying to have some kind of a new or semi-new bmw , audi , mercedes etc as cars are not really the best place to invest your money in ( read : the absolute worst ) . 
  obviously those who have a business can afford them ( due to tax breaks as well from buying to a company ) , but in general it 's simply not a good idea for everyone to max out their lease for the best car they can afford . 
  well it has `` climate index '' in it . 
  well in terms of [ international rankings ] ( http://www.vm.ee/en/estonias-position-international-rankings-2014-2015 ) in estonia there is also less corruption , less bureaucracy , easier and better to do business , better government it services , higher competitiveness of the economy .
