  the dutch and the nordics kind of lost their ally in terms of anti-federalism , but other than that the decision-making has suddenly become much easier , because the only highly vocal opponent of most-all legislation has now left the building . 
  tbh , i think eu will begin to move much faster toward a federation now because of this . 
  for example , if next month eu army was put on the table then it would be very easy to push it through . 
  the near-term future for the eu will also mostly be decided by the elections in germany and france next year and unless either country gets an anti-eu government , things should be fine . 
  threatening to block brexit might give scotland enough leverage to get another independence referendum from westminster , it would be a smart move . 
  so basically if legally they have the possibility to block it , i think it would be quite realistic that scotland would leave uk and let england and their minions go their own way . 
  well guess what ? 
  europeans will be able to come to your country just as much as before the useless referendum , because your leave campaigners lied to you about it and nothing will change in that respect ( yes even your leave campaigners are now supporting freedom of movement with eu ) . 
  i bet the leave voters will be mad af once they realise this is exactly what they will be getting , because this is the only realistic option left for uk at this point . 
  homicide rate used to be ~ 10 just 15 years ago ( the 90s was a rough time , because the whole former totalitarian state collapsed and a new one had to be built fast , same was in all the other commie countries ) , but it takes time to get it down , because in reality it is difficult to do much about the ~ 40 murders that happen , most of which are done in some apartment by some drinking buddy stabbing someone to death or sth , nevertheless it is going down fastest in the whole world . 
  however i 'm going to give some examples of the last few days in terms of rule of law/crime & punishment : - today a woman and her sister beat her child in the playground , the person who saw it through an apartment window at first tried to call the child protection services about it , but could n't reach it , then talked about it in facebook and asked if others saw it too , it also got to national news stations and by now the women both have already been identified and the child protection services are working on the case ( and the mother was already known to them before ) - some guy actually assaulted a police officer , it all got on tape due to someone filming it again , caused a huge national outrage , the guy who did it tried to run away , but was caught in like 5-10min after committing the crime , now will face a considerable amount in prison quite soon . 
  - last year there was a rise in thefts of the keyless cars by organised crime , who stole cars and then immediately left the country , but in about 6 months time 3 different lithuanian groups were all arrested and convicted -  the problem ended in comparison in sweden : - there was just news in estonia how 2 `` swedes ( not ethnic swedes ) '' allegedly raped a swede in a cruise ship to helsinki , then 2 additional random `` swedes '' came to the cruise cabin and raped her as well , but the court decided to not prosecute , because the men felt that the girl was ok with it - cops in this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42jpuxjpk0w ) actually looking scared to move into an immigrant area and people filming a documentary got brutally assaulted -  no convictions , in here it would be a massive outrage if even 20 % of what happened in the video turned up in here - a former malm\u00f6 police officer gave to breitbart an interview in which he basically said they need at lest 2-3 cop cars to enter an immigrant region even if to escort ambulance/fire trucks , because otherwise they get their car tires flattened/be thrown at with rocks etc -  what kind of a rule of law is that ? 
  i 'd say it is still too little too late . 
  i mean , sweden used to probably be one of the safest countries in the world , now i hear in estonian media crime/rape related stories of sweden more than any other country in the world , by far . 
  not only that , but it seems to me that criminals can pretty much get away with anything , because doing something about crime would probably be considered racist in liberal sweden . 
  there are loads of other things as well , but a big one is a giant demographic shift in favour of third world immigrants who usually take ~ 2-3 generations to integrate into western society ( mainly because a lot of them do n't really even want to integrate usually ) . 
  i mean in estonia we have 25 % russian population and russians in general are not that far away in terms of culture , yet still a large part of them pretty much still live in a separate society , refusing to integrate , learn language and in ukraine they even broke off from the country altogether . 
  however , what we at least have is a strong sense of rule of law - you commit a crime -  you will more likely than not get punished for it and you ca n't pay/sneak your way out of it ( kind of as in america , which is why their integration probably works quite well also ) , i do n't really feel that about sweden though . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcvwnnhcpeg ), 
  i 'm not really saying it is a good or a bad thing , just that i think that looking at trends more people seem to be moving here . 
  last year 15.5 k came here and 13k left . 
  the people who came here were : 52 % returning estonians 8 % russia 8 % ukraine 6 % finland 3 % undetermined 23 % other however , i think ukrainians would be rather pro-western and probably the russians as well , because i kind of doubt that the pro-putin people would really come here , actually as much as i 've heard many of them are like dissidents or those who kind of hate the regime . 
  we actually had net positive migration last quarter , mainly though from people returning home . 
  i think it is possible that we would become similar in size to latvia maybe one day if they ca n't get their emigration in check and if people would begin to immigrate to estonia more , for example : latvia : 2002 - 2.31 mln 2016 - 1.95 mln estonia : 2002 - 1.38 mln 2011 - 1.29 mln 2016 - 1.32 mln also our economy tends to have a very low unemployment rate and and will continue to be in need of qualified workers and quality of life is actually very high here , even though only those who visit us can see it . 
  moreover , if like 5 + years ago there was a lot of talk about how people wanted to go to some other country with higher salaries , then tbh now at least in tallinn i never hear that at all again , like it is a literal 180 degree change , if anything people would find it insane to move to a place like sweden for example . 
  unfortunately , looking at the current pace of reforms ( or lack thereof ) and having parts of the country annexed/occupied by russia i think more realistic would be a ~ 20-25 year goal . 
  reason being is that ukraine is much further behind with its reforms than most other central and eastern european countries were in 1994 ( then took 10 years to get there ) and in fact it seems like the country is still being run by a corrupt oligarchy who only care about enriching themselves while in power . 
  moreover , russia would have to eventually become a normal country and stop occupying eastern ukraine , because it would be difficult to see a divided country join eu in which some of the territory is run by a foreign power and its puppets . 
  either way , if i was a ukrainian i would try to go and find a better life in another country , the situation is bad and it is hard to see much improvement in the near to mid term . 
  it is n't the same as in other central and eastern eu countries in which you have like ~ $ 30000 per capita ppp and in western eu it is like $ 40-45 ,000 , so in reality not a huge difference , but in ukraine it is like $ 8000 per capita . 
  nigeria for example has rather high nominal gdp per capita due to oil , but [ ~ 50 % of their people live on less than $ 1.90 per day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_percentage_of_population_living_in_poverty ) due to high income inequality . 
  well just look at the central/eastern eu countries that took a goal of joining eu after collapse of communism and see what is a difference between for example poland/slovenia/estonia and ukraine/moldova/georgia . 
  also it is n't like eastern eu countries just benefited from it , large parts of the economy/businesses now are owned by western eu countries because of it , so they got a big piece of the pie as well . 
  norway/switzerland , while not being official members of eu , are still rather well integrated into eu . 
  they are basically like uk right now ( with all the opt-outs ) , but just do n't have any right to vote on eu matters . 
  probably uk will go the same route if brexit occured . 
  sorry i meant swedish minorities basically , it is not allowed to talk about the ethnicity in swedish court cases , but according to some information on web an they were an iraqi , a rwandan , a colombian and a bosniak , all living in v\u00e4steras . 
  a rather bad [ google translate ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.delfi.ee%2fnews%2fpaevauudised%2fvalismaa%2frootsi-kohus-lasi-opilaskruiisi-grupivagistamises-suudistatud-vabaks-meestele-jai-mulje-et-ohver-oli-nous%3fid%3d74844071&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) tl/dr : basically some swedish minorities allegedly raped a swedish student on a tallink cruise cabin , then some other random swedish minorities also came to the cabin and allegedly raped the girl as well . 
  court for some reason decided that the sex was consensual . 
  this probably shows how other court cases in terms of rape go in sweden as well , according to [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden ) only ~ 0.7 % receive punishment :  in 2009 , amnesty international published a report on rape in the nordic countries , criticizing the low conviction rates in sweden , citing previously published estimates from br\u00e5 of around 30,000 incidents of rape , with less than 13 percent of the 3,535 rape crimes reported resulting in a decision to start legal proceedings and 216 persons convicted in 2007 . 
   3 ) almost every company gives maternity leave . 
  i have never met a woman who did not get maternity leave i talked about maternity leave benefits , i 'm not an expert on other countries , but in estonia you get 1.5 years worth of previous salary by going to maternity leave , doubt the companies foot the bill for that in the u.s. 
  however in terms of homelessness imo the situation in america looks pretty bleak , i 've been there and the streets are absolutely filled with them ( l.a , miami ) and they all look really desperate so i 'm not really sure of how much benefits they receive , i mean hundreds of thousands of refugees in europe with no hope of ever getting a job still get everything and more from the government ( not really sustainable , but that 's another story ) . 
  [ 2013 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult ), 
  very true , median american actually only has $ 43,000 in net worth ( below slovenia ) , but average wealth is $ 244,000 . 
  country/territory median wealth - net mean wealth australia 219,505 - 302,086 luxembourg 182,768 - 230,831 belgium 148,141 - 221,722 france 141,850 - 257,330 italy 138,653 - 216,035 united kingdom 111,524 - 194,025 japan 110,294 - 181,655 iceland 104,733 - 48,584 switzerland 95,916 - 379,550 finland 95,095 - 129,760 norway 92,859 - 256,737 canada 90,252 - 188,883 netherlands 83,631 - 96,586 new zealand 76,607 - 133,229 ireland 75,573 - 112,305 spain 63,306 - 92,469 denmark 57,675 - 139,286 austria 57,450 - 171,205 greece 53,937 - 83,769 sweden 52,677 - 233,346 germany 49,370 - 161,413 slovenia 44,932 - 54,117 united states 44,911 - 244,329 portugal 38,846 - 64,080, 
  there are however some other differences that are kind of not mentioned in the ppp , like : - eu mostly university free , america ridiculously high costs - eu health care free , america insanely high percentage of health care to gdp , number 1 personal bankruptcy reason of health care costs - eu maternity leave benefits , america no maternity leave benefits - richer eu countries have very generous welfare benefits , in america you 'll be one of the hundreds of thousands begging on the streets if things go downhill the only real difference with eu and america though is that housing is really cheap in america , most every family can afford to live in a home there ( unless they live in ny , la or sth ) . 
  i think the reason for it really though is because america simply has more land and the local governments issue home-building projects rather easily . 
  well their `` founding father '' is ivan the terrible , this is their way of government since the beginning of times . 
  i thought this was the case as well . 
  it seemed so obvious - even the french police said there were like 150 highly trained people ready to create trouble and they were pretty much moving together in packs just to beat people up . 
  reasoning ? 
  probably putin 's need to create tension between russia and the west and thus drum up nationalism ( which translates to his party 's support ) and thus make people ignore the poverty , corruption , lawlessness etc in russia . 
  well before france & uk were kind of military powerhouses , now france is so stretched thin that they ca n't even send a battalion to baltics ( because close to half their active military has to protect their streets from terror attacks and others are already located overseas ) and uk is scrapping most everything they have in their military due to budget cuts , at the same time russia , china , middle eastern countries ( saudis etc ) are investing ridiculous amounts to military , so realistically speaking eu and its countries wo n't be taken seriously in foreign affairs soon if this thing continues . 
  hopefully concrete proposals would be put on the table once the brexit drama ends next week . 
  as much as i know there is strong public & governmental support for it in the eu ( also eu de facto leader [ merkel supports it ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e90a080e-107b-11e6-91da-096d89bd2173.html ) afaik ) and only reason why it was delayed so long was because of uk and the refugee crisis . 
   in april 1941 , on the eve on the german invasion , alfred rosenberg , reich minister for the occupied eastern territories , a baltic german , born and raised in tallinn , estonia , laid out his plans for the east . 
  according to rosenberg a future policy was created :  germanization ( eindeutschung ) of the `` racially suitable '' elements . 
   colonization by germanic peoples . 
   exile , deportations of undesirable elements . 
   rosenberg felt that the `` estonians were the most germanic out of the people living in the baltic area , having already reached 50 percent of germanization through danish , swedish and german influence '' . 
  non-suitable estonians were to be moved to a region that rosenberg called `` peipusland '' to make room for german colonists . 
  well i guess it depends on what would 've been the eventual definition for `` non-suitable estonians , '' many also fought for the nazis as well , finns were also allies and in general there did n't seem to be too much friction between both sides . 
  according to [ numbeo ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=poland&amp;city1=warsaw&amp;country2=united+kingdom&amp;city2=london ) more like 3x higher salary in london , but for example you will pay 550-800 % more for apartment , 110 % more on food , 100 + % on services etc. 
  for what its worth germans actually behaved quite well here , even my late grandmother told that when they came to occupy his regional area that they did n't do anything bad , no stealing/pillaging etc , some even stayed in her house for a couple of days , and said she had no bad experiences with the germans . 
  now i know about some stories about nazi extermination plans , but i do n't think it would 've applied for estonians . 
  that being said the nazi ideology itself was rather horrible and they did kill many jews here , but just wanted to say that to ethnic estonians i do n't think germans did much bad stuff ( or i do n't know too much about it ) . 
  i 've been recently to poland a few times , the country looks really great , cities are beautiful and well-organized , quality of life seems decent ( especially warsaw , poznan , gdansk ) and honestly i do n't see a reason why poles should move to west just for a higher salary . 
  only place though in poland that looked rather bad ( to say the least ) was lodz , no idea wtf happened to this city . 
  ... have been like this ever since the mongol invasion . 
   we 're fully aware that northern ireland and the republic of ireland are n't the same country , that n. ireland is one of the constituent nations of the uk , the history of the acts of union , etc. 
  [ about that ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cozbhix5y0e ), 
  the whole moomin cartoon is often scary as fuck , i have no idea why they let kids watch them !, 
  most eu countries are pretty decent places to live by now but if i had to choose then it would be spain - lovely weather , great culture and history , beautiful nature , people have a chill attitude , south european/mediterranean lifestyle , really beautiful women , ok economy and all-around solid quality of life !, 
  well every time there is an estonian thread half the posts are about how estonia ca n't into nordic , so you have to deal with it . 
  same thing with swedenistan , greece debt , latvian potato , portugal 's fall from a colonial empire to becoming an eastern european country etc. 
  if you stopped bringing in third worlders in the hundreds of thousands then people would stop spreading this stuff . 
  i mean there is a reason that for most everyone your country 's immigration system is basically a horror story and an example that should be avoided at all costs for any western country . 
  you basically had an absolutely amazing country , a role model for the rest of the world in how to build a truly great society , and then you basically decided to slowly but surely begin to destroy it in order to prove to the rest of the world that you are not racist . 
  on the bright side warsaw has probably the best road system of all european capitals now , really easy and fast to get from one side of the city to the other one , even during rush hour . 
  i think it 's a good idea , because not only is it good for climate change , but also it will massively reduce pollution in the cities . 
  ok lets see [ what the mongols brought to the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/destruction_under_the_mongol_empire ) : - 40-70mln deaths caused by mongol invasions . 
  persian population went from 2.5 mln to 0.25 mln , chinese population from 120mln to 60mln in a short period of time , kievan rus and hungarian population also dropped by half . 
  - so many rapes , that just genghis khan is the forefather of 1 in 200 people on earth - destroying countless ancient cities , books and artefacts - destruction of agriculture , infrastructure + purposefully spreading diseases etc - enslavement of millions - bringing half the world under a tyrannic and terror-fuelled regime, 
  i 'd say the slavics are very different , mainly due to their historical background . 
  russians - have been acting like mongols ever since they were conquered by them and became their vassals , have some kind of a need to annex other regions , yet bring nothing good with their occupations . 
  this is obviously not for all russians , but for the putinist/kremlinist `` crimea is ours '' people . 
  belarus/ukraine - still struggling to get out of russian domination , have been influenced rather negatively by the past russian imperialism , thus their countries are n't that great right now . 
  poles/chechz/slovakians / croats/slovenians - like any other westerners mostly , especially slovenians , who seem to be imo the best slavic group , if there ever was a contest :p serbs/macedonians/bulgarians - seem to have a bit less developed countries than the former austro-hungarian empire 's slavs, 
  we [ relocated a soviet era memorial out of the center of town ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bronze_soldier_of_tallinn ) which made the local russians angry and they basically [ rioted and looted a few days because of it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbekugfi13s ) . 
  i 'm kind of neutral on the expulsion of jews from spain , because basically britain might deport all the europeans from uk as well in a few months ( and europeans might deport brits ) , it is not necessarily a horrible thing to send people out of their country . 
  also , the jews were n't really subjects of the monarchy and they did n't really even have the right to live in castile , so they were kind of like british pensioners in uk , if britan decides to leave eu , spain could deport them as well if they wanted to and most people would n't care really . 
  the muslims invaded and conquered the iberian peninsula and killed/raped/enslaved christians there , they had no right to be there ( also continued to kill and rape christians outside of granada , as long as this outpost stayed there + a constant threat of a future invasion through granada , by bringing in north africans ) . 
  also , she did not approve of columbus ' treatment of natives by any means , but nevertheless she had promised her the titles before she went to the voyage and she could n't simply just break the agreements on a whim ( even though in some ways she did by allowing others to go there as well etc ) . 
  she also made sure to lessen his power in the new world and to bring in `` better people '' there , so if you want to blame columbus , blame him , but not isabella of castile who was against his actions . 
  if you make great money/are an entrepreneur , then quality of life is imo better in estonia than in nordics ( especially sweden ) . 
  safer communities , country/cities look prettier , more optimism in general for the future , do n't have to deal with some crazy pc bs etc ( tbh imo the people of sweden have went completely crazy in terms of their immigration policy ) . 
  also , if you run your own business/do investing , then wo n't have to pay any corporate income tax , also other taxes lower as well . 
  it kind of goes off topic , but saying isabella of castile somehow created vast amounts of misery is a joke . 
  lets not forget : - she united castile into a stable monarchy from a place where the last ruler ( her brother ) was almost completely controlled by other power-hungry feudal lords - she drove out the muslims from the iberian peninsula by completing the ~ 800 year old reconquista - her marriage ( which she chose herself , even though all her life her family tried to force her into other much worse marriages ) to ferdinand of aragon essentially created the spanish state as we know today - during her rule castile/spain itself was at peace and she laid the groundwork for spain to become the most powerful nation in the world in the next century - funded columbus ' journey to america , thus began the age of exploration - in general was a very just ruler and most always did the right thing for the country and for christendom as well , highly uncommon for that area ( most rulers were just power-hungry and wicked people at this time , only caring about themselves ) - she did start the inquisition yes ( which was i 'd say pretty much the only mistake she made ) , but it was mainly because others ( like the pope who ordered it ) convinced her to do it ( and she felt she could gain more control over the church through being able to choose the inquisitors ) , but this kind of later on avoided spain and its colonies ever to have any religious wars , which plagued most countries north of spain/italy for centuries ( the thirty years war alone killed 3-11 .5 mln people ) .
