  lots of people are talking shit about russia , but its not even russia 's fault . 
  it was the soviet union , and their leaders , who decided not to talk about things like this in the country . 
  of course , everyone who only learnt about history in school , knows the basics from there , and only what has been taught to them . 
  most people do n't even care i imagine ... 
  the soviet union , as all we know , had issues , very big ones , and this was one of them . 
  they wo n't admit that they did katyn and attacked poland , will they ? 
  why would they even do that ? 
  no one cares about ww2 , they built up a good image about themselves how they saved the world ( which is true in some ways ) , they would n't admit things like this and no other nation would in their place ... 
  but if you think russia is the same , you are just incredibly stupid . 
  like , seriously , in the era of the internet , when everyone can learn english and have access to wikipedia , how and why would they deny what they did ? 
  they absolutely do n't . 
  and at this point , if you ( not op , but anyone who 's reading this ) thinks that russia = su , and they lie about their history , you are just biased and your pov ca n't be changed . 
  hate them all you want , i do n't really care . 
  but this is n't as simple as people think it is , every big nation supports other nations here and there , even though its not totally legal , democratic or even acceptable if we are thinking about human rights . 
  but for * some * reason , everybody is talking about how russia is supporting assad and stupid shit like that . 
  its all propaganda , because there are n't good and bad countries . 
  everybody does shady stuff , claiming that `` but russia is doing it '' is fucking stupid . 
  well its all about the perspective i guess . 
  as you are estonian i can somewhat understand why you think this way , and i have never said that he is not an agressor , but for some reason i never see any other country being mentioned so many times . 
  its all about creating hate and propaganda , just like with the migrant crisis . 
  oh , the 64 county guys . 
  gotcha now . 
  imo , even if they planned on bombing something , this is not just one countries fault , so i share the same views as you . 
  both of our governments are trying to make the other look bad , there are always stories about transylvanian hungarians getting hurt and beated , and then there is a football match , where thousands of '' `` fans '' '' are in the middle of bucharest , shouting loudly that `` we hate you shit romania '' , and `` who does n't jump is a fucking romanian '' . 
  ( [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aakhtlmdzoa ) ) . 
  even if our countries are having conflicts because of our history , this is not the right mentality to keep . 
  its sometimes disgusting what our people can do to each other , and it more is , if these people are politicans . 
  i 've never heard of this bombing thing . 
  not like i would n't believe you , but i think something like this would be kind of big ... can you give me something to read about it ? 
  i mean at some point , this is also propaganda . 
  just look at the hating comments on russia , every_fucking_day . 
  yes , some people will understand it , but what will the majority get from all the news ? 
  yes , exactly what the writers want . 
  the majority will only understand this : russia is evil , and bad . 
  now i 'm not defending them at all , but since i do n't have any view on how things really are going ( because nowadays you really ca n't believe what you read on the internet ) , i wo n't say anything . 
  its not my business anyway , since i ca n't deal with the us or with russia myself , and i do n't even have to . 
  i 'd say its like `` why is russia being punished , if others are n't ? '', 
  rules are rules , whats the point of having them if somebody does n't have to follow them ? 
  so everybody should be blocked from the internet ... what ? 
  maybe you remember when hungary wanted to tax * the internet * . 
  anyway , there was a sign saying `` down with the internet tax , glory for the hd porn ! '', 
  300k according to wiki . 
  350k in switzerland . 
  lul thats . . interesting . 
  totally worth the money . 
  but afaik there was no such rule as we need over 50 % votes . 
  it was made by the current government . 
  well it certainly did not work out . 
  nah it does n't really matter , orban said that he will push this thing through the parliament because `` majority of the voters voted no '' , and that is the interest of the hungarians . 
  personally i 'm really happy that it is invalid . 
  cost us tons of money ( the advertisement/hate propaganda plus the referendum ) , and it shows that he is not as powerful as he was . 
  the only problem is that we ca n't find a capable leader for our country . 
  this was extremely low though . 
  i do n't even think its 46 % , there is no official data on this yet . 
  expect it in 2-3 hrs . 
  at 17:30 , the % was only 39,88 % . 
  what it really shows is how people had enough about this , thankfully . 
  most of the people will simply just not attend or vote invalid , which is great . 
  this thing is n't about the refugees or anything , the main point was to gain voters , create a campaign that makes the people scared , and to show how big and great orb\u00e1n is . 
  but he is n't , this shit is going to fail most likely . 
  and it cost 7 billions of our tax . 
  they thought it would pass easily and now they failed . 
  but do n't worry , its not like they actually care about our opinion . 
  edit : looks like the link did n't work ... 444 . hu ? 
  the percentage at the top ( white words on black background , r\u00c9szv\u00c9tel ) says who went to vote . 
  ** 30,66 % ** voted , and there was a big campaign to vote with yes and no aswell . 
  ( to make the referendum invalid . ), 
  right now it looks like its going to fail , but orb\u00e1n said he is going to listen to the voters and `` the most will vote with no . '', 
  my guess is absolutely nothing . 
  wait so you really think they are selling this because of the plane that has been shot down ? 
  or do you think there is like any relation between these things ? 
  what ? 
  hungary has been cold in the past , but the last few winters were everything but cold . 
  sadly . 
  that is also an anwer , but even if the wages would be the same , i think the german countries would be more attractive , because of the language education . 
  oh wait i thought you and the uk were the ones fucking up the place last time . 
  ok , this is just a bad joke , the middle east stuff is a bit harder than that . . 
  nonono , it really works all the way . 
  romanians like to work in germany , italy or spain . 
  germany is a well taught language ( next to english ) in eastern eu , and hence they have a neo latin language , they get on well with italy or spain . 
  or france . 
  so there is that . 
  and the rest - hungarians , polish people , slovakians and czech - , all can learn german and can pick up a better job in austria or germany , with more paying . 
  also , we can learn english and work in the uk . 
  that is , why it does n't work for the czech . 
  their language is not spoken in that large numbers . 
  yes , it is a slavic language so czechia can be attractive to russians , southern slavic and western slavic people , i guess , but its not as popular in the world as english , french or spanish , and not as popular in eu like german . 
  this is the reason the czech would have problem with these kind of stuff . 
  hungary !, 
  hungary is the way . 
  i know its less . . colder ... and we dont have scandinavian women ... and our country is kinda corrupt . . but we do n't have draft !, 
  well you ca n't serve in the us army if you are not american , or do n't have relatives born in the us , afaik . 
  and this is kinda the same in the other nations aswell , if you are not from the country , they do n't care about you . 
  the main problem here is the religious difference and not the country borders . 
  there are n't clear borders if we are looking a religious map about the middle east . 
  who thought it would be a great idea in the 1910s to partition the middle east with buddy france ? 
  i do n't think its only your fault , because that place has always been a clusterfuck , but yeah . 
  is n't this sad ? 
  how are we supposed to trust anyone these days ? 
  i 'm not joking , everybody is working for the revenue , people need hot stories like this , there is always a pro and an anti side of something .
