  i do n't think that we could have had a better border with romania really , if you see that map you can clearly see that its goal is to show the borders of czechoslovakia and the southern slavic kingdom . 
  when it was formed it was only a formality . 
  from the capitulation , the diplomats of the minorities had one and only one thing to achieve : take as much as they can . 
  of course we had no control , our army was dismantled , was led to a stupid war by the great strategists and the germans , and at the end , we suffered the most . 
  you can come up with the numbers on that wiki article , but our units have fought through a 4 year long war . 
  romania was kicked out of it in 4 months . 
  do they ? 
  i can not think of a better talent than working in austria and throwing away all that money in our cheap shops . 
  we had the same amount of rights as other minorities in the empire . 
  except for , without our power , the empire could n't stand a chance . 
  actually there is an interesting story about transylvania i 've heard in a history lesson . 
  part of the reason why the entente agreed to give romania transylvania is because , as we argued about it being part of our country for centuries , the romanian diplomats said `` lets see who owns the lands ! '' . 
  now for those who do n't know ( i mean non-romanians , just someone who is reading about ) , the fields of transylvania were quite good , real quality products were grown there , but the hungarian owners have gone bankrupt . 
  so , somebody has to buy those lands , but who will ? 
  surely not the romanians living in the monarchy , since they were very penniless ( the government tried to do everything to not give them a chance to get a better life , thats why so many of the minorities imigrated ) , but the banks of romania !, 
  they bought those good lands , and then gave it to the romanian families . 
  in 1920 , when the diplomats came up with this , majority of the fields were owned by romanians . 
  and of course , they had the majority of population aswell . 
  after being tossed around for a thousand years , we can cry a little , ca n't we ? 
  not like anything will , or should happen . 
  it was the * little * entente , and not the entente . 
  the big guys would n't have cared about it without masaryk and benes . 
  the flag of sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld is hanged in lots of offices . 
  did it really ? 
  oh wow , i 've never heard such a good joke !, 
  i thought it was the austrians , who told the minorities to rise against us in 1848 , but never gave them anything !, 
  i must have misread something . 
  to be honest in my opinion , while i have great respect for our grandfathers and mothers , and i think trianon was a very sad part of our history , the whole thing is really washed up just to cause tension between the nations , which is rather stupid . 
  yes , taking so much land was understandable in a part , since most of those did n't identified themselves as hungarians . 
  since we were n't able to create a big , multinational nation with multinational rights , the monarchy , sooner or later had to fail . 
  but if only the peacemakers would have listened to our opinions , and followed the [ ethnic map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ea/ethnographic_map_of_hungary_1910_by_teleki_carte_rouge.jpg/1280px-ethnographic_map_of_hungary_1910_by_teleki_carte_rouge.jpg ) , these days would be much different . 
  but instead of negotiating , our countries chose to make everyones life even harder . 
  5 million hungarians are living outside of our borders right now ( some of them are overseas , though ) , but the ones life in our beloved neighbouring countries are just as hard as it was for the slovakians and romanians back in the 19th century . 
  its hard to speak about anything `` real '' in the carpathian basin . 
  you are n't real slovakians , are you ? 
  descedant of great moravians ? 
  just as us , we do n't really have anything similar with the real , old hungarians who came here 12 centuries ago . 
  not in genetics , for example . 
  half of the nation was killed in the tatarian invasion , germans were invited from the west , other tribes from the east , and we also had slavic in the basin , romanians , then turks . 
  its all a real mix of ethnics really , which is why nationalism is another joke for this part of europe . 
  we may speak different languages , believe in different gods , but we have been mixed with each others and aliens for thousands of years now . 
  wow dude calm down . 
  11 popes , jesus . 
  its so austrian even we use it . 
  okay its not that common , its kinda a greeting that the elders are saying , but yeah . 
  the real issue is being competetive in wages for hungarian companies . 
  austria is just a small step away , with twice the wages minimum , no wonder lots of us choose to live and work elsewhere , rather than at home . 
  we ca n't really develop and upgrade , so we are just stagnated as you 've said . 
  afaik , there is already quite a big border wall in the american-mexican border , big chunks of it being a wall . 
  like a real one . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was n't just allowed , but an article which is anti-trump wo n't tell you that part of the story , right ? 
  intrestingly enough , there was an askreddit thread about personal experiences with him . 
  most of them were positive . 
  people should really upen their eyes , and do n't believe what others wants us to believe . 
  he is definitely not evil , not a saint either , but also not the guy he showed himself on tv . 
  that was just a character . 
  and why he needed that character ? 
  because thats what americans need . 
  thats it . 
  like how the turks did ? 
  and they also occupied hungary , the whole balkans , northern africa . 
  thanks for them !, 
  150 years , never forget . 
   he is of hungarian , latvian and ukrainian jewish origin those are really nice origins, 
  am i the only one that thinks its * impossible * for russia to take more land ? 
  what claim would they use anyways ? 
  the russians in the territory card was true in a half , but they ca n't really do that elsewhere . 
  why would anyone risk a war , c'mon ... and also , the president of the united states does n't even have the power to do that ... 
  it isnt barely the same amount of bloodshed that would happen with another strong state in the region . 
  is there like a weather forecast for the split area or i should n't really worry about it and my balls will be boiling ? 
  hating jews is having a renaissance in eastern europe , too . 
  they call them hunyadi too , just in romanian , corvin is the latin name of the family ( and mostly m\u00e1ty\u00e1s used it ) . 
  matthias corvinus rex was one of the strongest leader of our history . 
  probably the same thing everywhere in the world , usually mid-sized shops in hungary for example either have a pepsi co. or a coca cola can fridge , or as you 've said , in restaurants you can mostly only get coca cola . 
  some of the new gen diesel engines do n't even have a smell , or its even better than a petrol variant nowadays ... 
  you know why it has n't been uncovered ? 
  because renault doesnt sell cars in the us . 
  noooooo , why would you do that to my sweet ikarus :( we are still riding them . 
  i think when i 'll die , they still will be on the roads . 
  they will probably say something like `` wait , we are already in the eu . '', 
  no wonder that the firefighters have solved the issue almost entirely by now , then , they have great experience . 
  anyone visiting croatia or anywhere really thats very dry , please dont drop your cigarette , because even one cigarette butt can light up an entire forest or field . 
  deal . 
  they did n't stole it , they are just waiting for the nazis to come back for them . 
  portugal and spain wasnt in the middle of europe , and the neutrality of switzerland ... well ... 
  were you really afraid of hungary invading you , though ? 
  all the time , the reasoning behind trianon is making hungary so weak that we could n't take back the lands , and making sure that we dont have strategic positions , like kosice , but after all that did they still thought that you needed defenses from the south , from us ? 
  honest question . 
  edit : talking about the post-1919 war and post-trianon times, 
  czechoslovakia was safe from all directions though , except for the german border , but there was a very big defensive line there . 
  that , and their military factories , some say that they could 've hold up better than poland if they declined sudetenland . 
  wan na go for a horse-trip around the steppes brother ? 
  woah the new ds looks awful . 
  is it the finalized version ? 
  you eastern europeans , always thinking about the poles ... 
  imagine how many soviet families had to move there ... / s, 
  silly , the roman empire was romanian too , smh . 
  its not only the engines , but the helicopters flying above and the shooting . 
  there is one of the biggest army shooting range in like a 20 minutes drive from my house . 
  even i chuckled when i wrote it , but if i sad `` kinda-hills '' , nobody would take me seriously .
