  the citroen palette is so much different than peugeots though , plus there is the ds brand , thats still under the psa . 
  the citroen c5 , the pug 508 are around the same price , while the ds5 is a tad bit higher than these . 
  the newer peugeot models might be more expensive , yes , but keep in mind that citroen did n't had a new c4 , c5 in years , so those cars will eventually come . 
  the big change has been started with the c3 and the cactus , and citroen - just as peugeot - will likely change a lot in the upcoming years . 
  i do n't think they will use the vw hierarchy , peugeot and citroen will stay equal , and i think opel 's main territory will stay the same : central and eastern europe , but as you 've said , with budget cars . 
  exactly , high percentage of the pre-war jews in hungary had absolutely nothing with judaism , did not speak yiddish , and did not consider themselves jewish at all . 
  but since their parents or great parents were jewish , they were considered that aswell . 
  one would assume that this was the same in austria , romania , poland , and the ex czechoslovakia . 
  there was a hungarian poet , [ mikl\u00f3s radn\u00f3ti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikl%c3%b3s_radn%c3%b3ti ) , who was even baptized as christian . 
  he had to do obligatory work for the army , as most jews had to , and when the soviet army entered the country , they were moved and later killed . 
  killed for being a jew , when he was n't one . 
  ahh , that makes sense !, 
  to be honest , i really envy you . 
  i wish i could speak almost ( ? ), 
  3 languages with only my native language . 
  i guess i have to learn one of the neo-latin ones . 
  it probably has to do something with the elder generations , the new generation can at least have a basic english conversation , but i think english is getting there . 
  back in the days we only had german , and obviously , forced russian . 
  so if you actually try to ask something from a hungarian who is 40 + , chances are he will be able to answer but in russian . 
  still , we do n't like foreign languages . 
  learn hungarian , so we can speak it in every part of the world . 
   but you guys fail to understand romanian , at least at first . 
  that must be because of language evolution , the neighboring countries had great effect in the romanian language , so yours , while the base language is same , is still quite different . 
  i think it has to do something with romanian being a little bit more complex , using different words , so you would ( i assume ) understand spanish and italian and think its like a simplified version of romanian . 
  but i might be wrong . 
  damn if it would be , i would like to take classes , but i know its not very objective . . 
  you mean nuke his ass ? 
  thats even better , i mean security is as an answer . 
  2 things are common in the balkans : we hate each other , and we do n't feel `` safe '' in our country . 
  a young , 20 y.o. 
  guy would be much more successful if he can work abroad , come back a few decades later , build a house for his family , buy a nice car , things that a man would always want . 
  but when will he be able to do all these in here ? 
  yes , its possible , but most likely not that much legal , and only works for 1 out of 10 . 
  if i have to imagine my life in hungary , it would be saving up for decades and not enjoying any minute of it , most likely . 
  and i think its the same in the neighboring countries , and bulgaria aswell . 
  i know , its really really bad that for example if the tv 's are showing data about economy or really anything , they do n't compare to the west , no , they only ever compare to the neighbors . 
  yeah well , austria has always been the big brother , slovakia is sadly pulling away , but at least we are still ahead of romania !, 
  yeah , really ? 
  how about making the differences to other european countries that are living better smaller , ehh ? 
  yeah thats true but i think its still the main motivation for a lot of people . 
  not that alternative , since [ saint cyril ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saints_cyril_and_methodius ) was a living guy , although he was born in the byzantine empire . 
  i think you misunderstood or changed up something , probably because the bulgarian rulers were also called tsars , just like the russians . 
  yeah , i got your point , and this is why i think the eu should sort of motivate these countries to increase the way of living or something . 
  at some point everyone has to understand that living and working abroad in this big numbers is not only bad for the home country , but for the country these people are going to work aswell . 
  basically people are `` stealing '' other peoples job , and the job-market is not getting bigger in the destination countries , while the employment rates are getting lower and lower in the poor countries . 
  no its not , in fact , [ the bulgarians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_cyrillic_alphabet ) invented it . 
  basically they did it by `` copying '' the greek alphabet . 
  then it spreaded through the slavic-orthodox countries , like serbia or russia . 
  the exact same is going on , sadly , in every balkan state and poland , but instead of increasing the wages , the governments are trying to stop students from going abroad , at least in hungary . 
  however , the overall opinion between us students is that we want to make money in the west , because we ca n't see ourselves doing the same job here and not making progress . 
  thats cyrillic , not russian . 
  russian language is also using the cyrillic alphabet , and bulgaria has been using it for centuries now . 
  not lack of opportunities , more like no competetive payments . 
  why would you work at home , when you can work abroad for twice or 3 times the amount of money in france , germany or england ? 
  they think there is , but everyone knows we are better than them . 
  ^ ^ do ^ ^ i ^ ^ need ^ ^ the ^ ^ / s ? 
  the great powers of europe would n't have allowed destroying a centralized gp to make two weaker nations . 
  even if we won the revolution with you , that country could n't really have backers behind it in reality . 
  the monarchy was weak , but the balance politics of europe ca n't turn over . 
  good thing there is something called civilized humans . 
  hahaha , no fucking way . 
  serbian and romanian nationalists on the border , do you really think they would let their people live inside the monarchy ? 
  one way or another , but it would have been dismantled . 
  also , there was absolutely no reason to compromise with the ethnic groups from the austrian point of view . 
  first things first , since those ethnics are mostly on the hungarian side , the hungarian parliament should decide about them . 
  `` let them decide , at least we do n't have to worry about it . '', 
  yeah , except the parliament of pest-buda in the late 19th century was a fucking shitshow . 
  the opposition always tried to veto the government , no matter if the proposal was good or bad , so making another compromise with the ethnics would have been impossible . 
  also , they did n't even want to compromise , i mean why would they , right ? 
  the hungarian side finally got its rightful position in the empire back , after so many rebellious decades/centuries even , they would n't want to share it would they ? 
  its not like the ethnic groups would have decided differently in our position . 
  no , hell no . 
  yes , there were plans for the austrian united states , or danubian federation , but only plans with no real organization behind , utophias . 
  one thing really is certain , if we are talking about the decision-makers of the empire : they were * always * late with their solutions . 
  and kingdom of hungary was * de jure * part of the habsburg empire until 1867 from the 16th century . 
  if you check a map in between these dates , you will see hungary as part of the habsburg empire , simply because the house of habsburg took over the hungarian throne in 1526 , and basically made a big country . 
  the same person ruled in the two countries , thats why it was only called the austrian empire . 
  the ban of croatia was essentially the ruler of croatia , but croatia was a kingdom , and the king was the ruler of the kingdom of hungary . 
  since the hungarian and the austrian kings and queen were the same person , croatia is also displayed as part of the empire . 
  [ growth of the habsburg monarchy ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8e/growth_of_habsburg_territories.jpg/1920px-growth_of_habsburg_territories.jpg ) from 1282 to ~ 1914, 
  yes , it was , it was part of the austrian or habsburg empire , until the compromise of hungary and austria in 1867 . 
  its a little bit more complicated than that . 
  the kingdom of croatia has been under personal union with the kingdom of hungary , but when the austrians got the throne ... well ... things happened . 
  they even happened to help out the austrians when we fought for our freedom against them . 
  technically , even though he was born under the kingdom of the hungarian crown , he was born in the * austrian empire * , and had nothing to do with us hungarians . 
  he was born in 1856 , so he was born in the austrian empire . 
  he really is an interesting figure , to be honest . 
  he was born in the austrian empire , in the croatian side under personal union with the kingdom of hungary , and he is croatian . 
  or serbian . 
  but it does n't really matter , because before 1882 , he visited almost all the big cities of the ( then ) monarchy , such as graz , maribor , prague , budapest and of course vienna , and has been living most of his life in the united states . 
  i though the swedish-danish rivalry was just a kind joke . 
  its crazy . 
  i hated that guy when i was younger . 
  i just wanted to watch cartoons , but no , i have to watch horst fuchs * dubbed * . 
  exactly . 
  i was on an abandoned soviet base in hungary a few weeks ago . 
  a few hundred soldiers and their families were living there until 1989 , when they left the country , the buildings were also left for the thieves and for mother nature . 
  other than copper iron parts , they are still in a rather [ good shape ] ( http://www.tektum.hu/images/cikk_pix/szentkiralyszabadja/003.jpg ) . 
  if someone would ask me `` what is permanent in life ? 
  '' , i would answer that the soviet block houses are , for sure .
