  but not strong enough to do this , i think . 
  its not shit , its before the forming of the soviet union , and also before the official borders after ww1 . 
  even though they were strong enough to deal with the habsburgs , they could n't possibly get to iberia and start invading . 
  it would have needed huge amount of logistics , troops and ships - and the ottomans lacked 2 of these . 
  yes , they had ships , but the spanish armada with portugal could have easily take on them , and focusing enough power to have an even fight in the west would significantly weaken the east . 
  not possible with a rebellious hungary , a threatening russia and a backstabbing persia on your borders . 
  thats probably because of the inaccurate borders everywhere else , germany , poland , ukraine , just look at it . 
  the drawer already knew about the new states , but did n't know about full details , maybe these details were n't agreed yet . 
  for example [ k\u00e1rp\u00e1talja ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zakarpattia_oblast ) is still under hungary , while it was taken by czechoslovakia aswell , and transylvania is also showed under hungary , and the most important one : ukraine . 
  in 1918 , the russian civil war just barely started , they maybe though ukraine could brake free . 
  and no , its not actually much smaller , they miss k\u00e1rp\u00e1talja but they got a little chunk of austria . 
  the czechoslovakian and the yugoslavian nation was already born in 1918 . 
  the `` diplomats '' you could say of these newborn nations have been in rome for a long long time before the end of ww1 , and they decided about freeing the ethnics of austro-hungary . 
  the successor states of the austro-hungarian monarchy has been invited to negotiate in the congress of rome . 
  two of the successor states however did not get an invitation . 
  all nations of the later officially formed little entente wanted as much territory , industry and wealth as possible , thats why the yugoslavian state is drawn in such way probably . 
  however , according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_raab ) , the battle of raab was the only napoleonic battle in the kingdom of hungary . 
  but at that time , it was n't the kingdom of hungary , nor the austro-hungarian empire . 
  it was the habsburg empire . 
  come on r/europe , stop teasing me . 
  i told you , i want to wait until the fcking dlc . 
  only if he knew that if you are staying out from the league war , you can conquer anyone . 
  i think it also has to do something with the level of development , as / u/kapkoz said . 
  its all really a big chunk of information , working together . 
  first , reformation had a big effect in the czech part ( moravia and bohemia ) of the empire ( habsburg empire ) . 
  also have to keep in mind that austria , as the emperor of the hre , had to fight against reformed and protestant states and had to defend the holiness of the empire and catholicism . 
  when somebody wants to `` force '' something on you , you will hate it , right ? 
  also , moravia and bohemia were the most developed provinces of the empire , and development also means less religion , as op said before , bratislava and its area is not as religious as the rural areas of slovakia . 
  its the same really in every nation , but in cz its even bigger . 
  my problem is that he is n't considering him as a half german half polish guy , but fully german . 
  his fathers side and his mothers side are both coming from silesia , but as i 've said this is the 15th century , nationalities were not important . 
  let him be half german half polish , and we are done here . 
  well , he was born in polish prussia , a state in the kingdom of poland . 
  his parents were slavic , and their family has been living in poland for centuries . 
  although one have to admit that poland , especially the prussian area is very mixed and multicultural , and copernicus also traveled to a lot of places in europe . 
  i mean since we cant go back and ask him `` are you german or polish ? '' ... 
  he was polish , just happened to live in prussia . 
  i think by the early 1900 's there was an act that said where there is a non-hungarian majority , that city could have official offices in the majorities language , and of course schools in that language . 
  romanians in gy\u0151r and its area ? 
  why would they be in literally the other side of the country ? 
  rightful ? 
  whats more rightful than owning it for 500 or so years ? 
  what is romanian , anyway ? 
  because in my eyes , its a mix of slavic-hungarian-turk and every other nation . 
  no , i 'm not trying to be rude , i am thinking the same about everybody who lives in the carpathian basin and in the balkans . 
  saying they were the rightful owners because of their origin is a miserable excuse . 
  then i will go and take back mongolia because of my ancestors . 
  yeah , no . 
  it was legally part of the kingdom of hungary until 1918.12.01 , then the romanians took over it with a national assembly , via the majority of romanians in transylvania . 
  we actually tried , but the french wanted to save the little entente . 
  the hungarian soviet republic of 1919 even attacked successfully to czechoslovakia , but they were rather disorganised , had no supply and the enemy had bigger numbers . 
  why ? 
  because we conquered and colonised transylvania , and successfully kept it for centuries . 
  you have to realise , before the 18th-19th century , nobody cared about nationalities , just heads . 
  you pay your taxes , you live your little life and you are fine . 
  radical sides are living on this side of the border , and on the other side aswell , and both of our governments are trying to keep fueling the hatred between us . 
  in reality , more and more hungarians realise that it does n't matter what happened , and we should move forward . 
  however , on every july 4th , there will be some who shouts `` transylvania will be ours again '' in the air . 
  you just ca n't change that . 
  the crazy thing is that some nationalists are mostly hurt about transylvania , while the treaty and the drawn border is actually quite acceptable , i think . 
  i mean , the border is at least trying to be on the border of hungarians and romanians , and you ca n't really do anything about the enclave in transylvania . 
  the slovakian border however ... 
  the problem is , the balkans and the carpathian basin is so mixed with cultures , languages and other things that basically we are at this point the same people , just happening to be talking in different languages . 
  nationalist movements in the 19th century were great for the french , the germans and the italians , but made no sense on this part of europe , since there is no ethnic slovakian , hungarian , romanian , croatian , serbian or anything in this area . 
  a guy from bratistlava or zagreb could have closer relations to king stephen than i. 
  i 'm happy that we can see the romanian and the hungarian flag next to each other , and celebrate together without hatred . 
  ** edit : ** i 'm actually stupid , what i 'm talking about are nato missions . 
  in hungary , the peacekeeper units in the kfor and cyprus are volunteers . 
  you can `` choose '' how long would you like to be there , e.g. 
  there are 2 week missions , 3 months , 6 months and 18 months but these can differ . 
  you have to apply for it though , and some higher ranked officers decide whether you can go or not . 
  for example , if your psychical condition is not good enough , you will not be able to join the mission in afghanistan , but missions like kfor require less . 
  you also get more money for it , and while you are out on a mission you still get your monthly payment aswell . 
  my father has been in sarajevo and pristina a few times before , he has been working on the logistics out there . 
  oh , and he says the italian chefs are the best . 
  trying is better than not trying , i guess , 
  i do n't really know about safety , but i guess we can say morocco is safer than turkey right now . 
  however there are relatively cheap , direct airlines from budapest to istanbul , while to morocco , you would have to go to frankfurt first i imagine . 
  i 've never been to hrvatska , this summer is going to be my and my family 's first . 
  am i making a mistake by going to trogir ? 
  personally i 'd rather go to turkey , if i could than the nations listed below . 
  but , that is for a reason , and that reason is my interest towards eastern nations and islam . 
  like , one does n't go to turkey to enjoy the sunshine and the beach , but rather to have a wonderful adventure in istanbul . 
  however , i admit most people does n't really care about culture and heritage , and the number of these people are the ones in majority if we are talking about the tourism of turkey . 
  i still believe that he is nowhere near to be like erdogan . 
  people are hyping it up , obviously donald trump is satan now and everybody is focusing on the bad things , so its really one sided . 
  i know he says things that would rather be in a comedy show than on the twitter of the potus , but still , if you are comparing him to erdogan i think you are thinking way more about trump than what he is . 
  neither czechia . 
  i mean , i wish i was czechia level poor ~ ~ with their juicy euro ~ ~ . 
  edit : for some reason i thought they had euro , but not yet ( ? ), 
  i just googled coimbra and holy shit does that city look sexy . 
  462 km 's , according to google maps , but keep in mind thats the driving distance , not the train rails . 
  you have to keep in mind that states did n't have as strict borders as they have nowadays . 
  this map just lets you ... imagine it a bit , kinda . 
  but i would n't say its misleading ... its common knowledge , one could n't really assume that this is how it was and thats it . 
  but the eastern-european jewish population , at least some of them , threw away their jewish heritage and assimilated to the country they were in , for example to hungary . 
  i think if the person does not consider himself a jew , he is n't . 
  obviously , when you are being asked by the gestapo about your mother and stuff , its `` easier '' to say you are not jewish , but i do n't think that they cared about the torah , the third reich just had to blame someone and it was very easy to blame it on the jewish people . 
  no , axis soldiers killed him and his companions . 
  later they were put into a mass grave .
