  something like this . 
  in hungary , no one really cares about this thing , because we did n't actually knew why its important . 
  now we do . 
  `` we 've invaded china '' said the mongols , `` please respect us , or else we might invade you aswell . '', 
  its crazy how we just ca n't move on from this , why do i never hear about this amount of corruption from france or germany ? 
  in hungary , there is this guy , who was on the same school as viktor orb\u00e1n . 
  now , the government sold tons of agricultural fields , and as a `` private person '' you can only own 300 hectare . 
  so this guy , the little friend of ov called l\u0151rinc m\u00e9sz\u00e1ros , and his family bought 1391 hectare fields a year ago . 
  nonono , you have to think with a different mindset . 
  `` okay , so we will get funds to upgrade this road in a few years , but what if we ask for another bag of money to upgrade it immediately , i have a friend who builds roads anyway ! '', 
  now this is not against romania , and of course it might not have worked like this , but you have to realise that this is the balkans and this is how things are getting done here , you just ca n't deny that : , 
  and huns , genghis khan , ottomans , every slavic neighbours and hungarians . 
  you 've got ta love this part of eastern europe , and the mixes of nationalities . 
  french are n't that bad any more though , the new psa cars are looking very good in materials , technical things and stuff . 
  fiat on the other hand is an interesting name to mention . 
  they currently have 6 different type of 500 in hungary , which is kinda weird , but they are getting their shit together with the new panda , and the tipo . 
  man , the tipo will rock !, 
  better than any dacia , even better than the cheap french cars ( fluence , pug 301 , c-elys\u00e9e ) . 
  so nah , i think dacia is still worse than anything , except for the new lada/vaz cars . 
  and of course all of this is about new cars . 
  romanian is a neo-latin language , just as spanish , italian and french . 
  there are lots of romanian foreign workers in these countries because their languages are relatively close . 
  you should see the hungarian motorways in holiday times like christmas , its full with cars with romanian or italian plates going back home . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  ( even though you are right ), 
  i mean the west developed nationalism , so they are the cause of all this !, 
  / s but really , people here have so different of a mindset , like , really its very common to just hate someone , because they are from another country . 
  its like ... weird if you do n't do it . 
  its funny because i do n't think austria is like this , so the border is somewhere in the austrian-slovenian area . 
  but i think the differences are fading away and less and less people care about it , which is very good indeed . 
  hungary and balkans ? 
  ** triggered **, 
  my favourite part of this is everybody in the world thinks trump is a monkey with blonde hair in the cincinnati zoo , but irl he could be the smartest guy ever . 
  just imagine it , he faked all of his speeches , showed the face which is definitely not his , everyone thinks he will ruin the us , and he can even turn out to be the best president eva ' . 
  he is just fooling everybody . 
  all the hatred comments about him , leaving the us and bullshit like this , just because a guy stiffed all of you . 
  ... and that is why all the hate is going on , even though we do n't even know what exactly is going on in crimea , syria or anywhere else . 
  but its still their right to live in russia . 
  i do n't know what is your problem with hungary , the millionaire gas man who bought half of my county 's fields , or closing down one of the biggest newspapers just because . 
  so right now all of this is going on because every strong government does things like this ( i mean manipulating others ) , but russia got caught , right ? 
  we mostly use opel , mercedes , audi and skoda police cars , used to have fords aswell . 
  most of these have some connection with the country ( the first three has factories in the country ) , so maybe they have some discount on them . 
  most likely , i 'm not sure . 
  til we gave putin crimea . 
  edit : hvim are just a bunch of idiots , who has nothing else to do but to cry over transylvania . 
  at some point , i can get it of course , because obviously it was a national tragedy and caused many issues and problems between romania and hungary , but these guys are just ridiculous clowns with the shirt saying nagy magyarorsz\u00c1g . 
  they are anarchist , but not terrorist . 
  like little cats , they want to be seen as great and strong lions , but in reality , they are not . 
  about the connection with the parties : jobbik has connections with them , because hvim is n't just about the taken lands of hungary , but about traditions aswell , and jobbik are basically the traditionkeepers of hungary , or at least they want to be seen like that . 
  but would they want to bomb and kill a lot of people ? 
  no , of course not , why would they ? 
  you are basically accusing the russian and the hungarian government with a planned act of terrorism ... 
  maybe they use that name and they say they are from that origin , but in reality in the balkans and the carpathian basin , there is no such thing as pure nationality . 
  everyone is mixed with everyone . 
  i as a hungarian might be closer to the old moravian kingdom or the first slavic tribes , as some of the modern day slavs and vica versa . 
  well in hungary , germans were asked by b\u00e9la iv to rebuild the country after the mongol invasion and stuff like that . 
  later , at the era of the industrial revolutions , numerous german families moved to the east again , because their experience could give them a well paying job in the industry . 
  obviously the eastern nations , and the workers here did n't have enough experience with the machines and stuff . 
  in hungary , these germans assimilated and some of them changed their name to be more understandable for hungarians , but there are still a lot of families with german names , e.g. 
  i guess its a tradition here in the east . 
  i do . 
  our nations are so mixed with each other and our neighbours , basically the only difference between us here in the basin is the language we speak and the countries we are living in . . 
  i 'm pretty sure since they took it . 
  usually we start with [ p\u00e1linka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/p%c3%a1linka ) in the morning , and usually we also slay pigs in winter , so its really cold and we have to keep ourselves warm . 
  at least this is the reasoning behind it . 
  do you also get drunk as fuck while slaying the named pig , or is it a hungarian tradition ? 
  money and power is more important for london than giving some guy up for russia . 
  just when in bbc 's sherlock , even though mycroft holmes knew the guy , magnussen was a maniac , he * needed * him because of the information he knew . 
  the tatars did have an invasion in transylvania , but only half of the army came from that bukoniva , the other one came from the north . 
  by the way i 've just read up about it . 
  so okay , the tatar invasion was in the middle of the 13th century , halved the whole population ( the slavic , the hungarians , romanians ) , but most of you guys migrated from wallachia in this century . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvania ) now , i do n't want to go to the daco-roman thingie , because i do n't know enough about and to be honest , no one knows who is telling the truth . 
  but reading more and more about this , one thing comes down , at this is it : we are the same people , we just happen to speak in different languages , and are hating each other , because why not . 
  of course the cultural strength is strong in us hungarians , in you romanians , and in the slavic nations aswell , because none of these had disappeared in the past centuries . 
  so the kingdom was huge , and we conquered the basin , but let the slavic to live in our country , that is one reason why were they in majority in slovakia : the hungarians only lived in the lowlands . 
  they were n't killed in by the state , so its normal that they 've grown in numbers . 
  in transylvania , we asked the saxons to live here , other migrations happened aswell , romanians from the south , the j\u00e1sz nation , and other guys were asked and not asked to come aswell . 
  hungarians never really migrated , thats why there are still big ethnic groups in transylvania , in slovakia , etc. 
  we were conquerors , but we tried to live together . 
  but we were no saints , as you 've said . 
  catholicism , therefore religious differences , laws against romanians and other minorities , magyarization . 
  but the biggest reason why we are lacking people , is the turk wars . 
  yes , you 've had wars and conflicts with them , but when hungary felt into 3 pieces , the middle part was basically no-mans land . 
  the southern sides ( d\u00e9lvid\u00e9k ) , the lowlands ( alf\u00f6ld ) , and the transdanubian region was greatly populated , and the biggest destruction was on that area . 
  then migrations came , other german nations , romanians getting into majority in transylvania , etc etc. 
  of course this is not a blessing , but how else do you deal with minorities ? 
  its not an easy task , and obviously as we had seen , the parliament took the worst way of doing it , 
  i know mine is , you can see that also on the charts . 
  this chart is from 1920 . 
  everybody wanted a chunk from hungary , so obviously they would say they are romanian or slovakian , and not hungarian , even though they would speak both languages , would live in hungary for decades or centuries . 
  about the tatar thing , the big invasion for us was in the 13th century , killing a great part of the population is like taking away 30-35 million people from germany . 
  and i know you had some wars with the t\u00fcrks , but from the 15-16th century , the ottomans were the overlord for wallachia , moldavia and transylvania . 
  as for the big number of romanians , i do n't know where the hell are you people coming from so fast :p but you also have to consider that your nation is like 2 times bigger , and to be honest i do n't even know why are we comparing this thing . 
  i do think we were tossed around more than you though :d, 
  as i 've said , there are reasons why this is like this . 
  anyway , that 48 % is also a mixed up number of hungarians , since there are no `` true blood '' nations in this area anymore ... your nation is also mixed with germans , ruthenes and hungarians . 
  yeah , 48 % could be a really good joke for a 12 year old , but please understand the history first , and then you will realise why is that number so low ... 
  oh sorry my brain was n't able to process your question so early in the morning . 
  well after being halved by the tatars , and then murdered from turks , i think 48 % is still a pretty decent amount .
