  we have to agree on that the tisza government was very anti-war in the starts , he felt that the army and the defense is not ready . 
  those territories should have not been taken , it was only given to the czech to cripple the country even more . 
  masaryk and friends co. apparently really needed the southern train routes , which gives you a well connected country and also cripples the hungarian towns on the other side of the borders , cutting towns half because of the train tracks , etc. 
  they really did well . 
  i know , i was n't being serious . 
  the census of 1941 counted 861 thousand with jewish relatives or actively practicing judaism . 
  until 1944 , there were only 50.000 jews whom were deported or collected , most of them from the newly got parts ( slovakia , now ukraine and yugoslavia ) . 
  we have to keep in mind that even though the horthy government was never saint , they tried pulling this as long as its possible . 
  germany was like that friend who writes you every second `` do you wan na play cs ? 
  '' , while hungary was like `` sure but i 'm eating , now watching tv , i 'm not in the mood now '' . 
  however after horthy had to resign , the germans occupied the country and just in two years from 1944 to 45 , they killed 600.000 jews . 
  vh+l ucky nations there is your 6 fire 6 shock suleyman , 50 % + force limit . 
  you know the drill , turkey is oppressing and destroying all the 86 minorities . 
  no kurdish problem right ? 
  another big state in the area would only create more tension , not even talking about a bigger armenia . 
  that would be an ffa game between the three nations , and one way or the other one of them would win . 
  and they would most likely do the same as the ottoman empire did back in the day . 
  but lets just ignore these things , fuck the turks !, 
  interestingly enough , the jews and germans were able to assimilate in big numbers while they enjoyed our country . 
  this is too big of an if , i dont think we would have beaten the romanians in a war like that , and france would have had a word with that too , probably . 
  g\u00f6kt\u00fcrk word probably , the t\u00fcrks and other central-asians are using similar or the exact same word for apple , like the kazakhs or the azeri . 
  some words really look or sound the same , for example `` there are lots of apples in my pocket '' is `` zsememben sok alma van '' in hungarian and '' \u00c7ebimde \u00e7ok elma var . '', 
  but this is like the most significant similarity , and there is n't much like this . 
  i still ca n't believe that he is an idiot . 
  i dont know exactly what am i holding onto , my brain just ca n't process that he really is this big of an idiot . 
  some sad in an other thread that nicaragua 's gov. 
  is quite corrupt and said what the people wanted to hear . 
  they promised that they will produce their own energy though i heard , so lets see how that goes . 
  no actually we hungarians are extremely racist for some reason , or i think i should say you are way to pc for us . 
  a turkish girl once said that she still ca n't understand how can we be so racist and mean . 
  technically 99,8 % of the population is muslim , according to wikipedia ( and a turkish friend ) . 
  however that data is collected by the government , its on the id . 
  now can you imagine what would happen if they would ask you `` are you muslim '' when they do your id card and you say no ? 
  also i think the turkish islam is a little bit ... westerner , different and not as radical as others . 
  of course , there are exceptions . 
  europeans always refer to the us as `` america '' . 
  not because we are stupid , simply because its easier . 
  edit : some of us , not all of course . 
  in eastern europe . 
  who would have thought . 
  mostly but not all of them . 
  i have a turkish girlfriend and we were talking about history . 
  at one point i was showing them hungarian castles and stuff , and she was just constantly asking `` but why is it destroyed ? 
  '' , which to i answered `` khm . 
  because somebody destroyed it . '', 
  she said `` sooooorry '' every time . 
  damn i like turkish people though . 
  that ca n't be it , because this map is about new cars , at least thats what it says . 
  i wonder if it counts company fleets, 
  is it a bad thing or not , we can not judge , because we are yet to see it , but one thing is for sure our it can not be stopped , so it is the future . 
  london is different though , a little bit , because shittons of eastern-europeans and people from the commonwealth are moving in , creating a way bigger multicultural city that we have ever seen before . 
  lul glorious 7.62 in hungary . 
  technology from 1944 . 
  i hope you know there was no good side in ww2 , since the uk would n't have saved us anyway . 
  soviets or germans , how about no thanks ? 
  its a little bit different though since nationalities were n't really an important thing in 1639, 
  could , but will not , simply because of the periphery system . 
  the countries of the la manche were so advanced with the trading system they had , we could n't even try to catch up . 
  nowadays the differences are smaller , but still very noticeable , and can not be changed in short terms . 
  i think the difference was much higher in the 1600 's  still , it is still and was enormous . 
  you guys are doing good nowadays though , not like us . . 
  they are two different departments i think . 
  keep in mind that most of these companies have employers from all part of the country , their official administration centre is in the country they are in . 
  like magyar posta has employees in all counties , \u00c9nykk is in 4 counties but its noted in only vas , so yeah this picture is n't the best , and obviously audi is missing from gy\u0151r-moson-sopron . 
  yugoslavia left from the party , and china got its place . 
  i really , honestly though that jobbik would be clever with the things happening in the ep , and would do some kind of action with it . 
  you know what they did ? 
  they did payed facebook ads saying `` orb\u00e1n lets the illegal migrants in because of brussels pressure . '' . 
  one of the biggest opposition party is continuing this migrant-shit and blinding the voters . 
  its fucking crazy whats going on here . 
  i swear i 've heard illegal migrant more than how many there are in our borders . 
  this is true , however this is starting to backfire at fidesz . 
  seriously , everyone i 've talked about it sad that they are going full retard , the money that goes into these ads are insane , nobody fucking cares about brussels or soros , its just this little dictator who still keeps saying his shit . 
  its terrible . 
  these ads are everywhere . 
  you want to watch formula 1 ? 
  well , you 've got ta do it on the governments tv channel . 
  bang , 4 ads like this . 
  you want to listen to the radio ? 
  well , your favorite station was killed by their propaganda , and their new fm is not available in like half of the country , so you got ta listen to the governments radio . 
  bang , another 2 ads like this . 
  2 ads in my 30 route . 
  you want to just go home , chill out at the weekend , dont do anything ? 
  well , while you are on the bus you see 3 of these ads on billboards . 
  its crazy , he is driving us crazy . 
  i ca n't imagine one person who sees/hears these ads and says `` oh yeah , he is right !, 
  fuck brussels '' . 
  but there are people like this , and in my opinion they should n't be allowed to vote . 
  sadly , they are majority . 
  what are you talking about , everybody knows that tsar putin and sultan erdogan will dismantle the ~ ~ hre ~ ~ european union . 
  i would still say that those who live in a big city , like istanbul , are more likely to believe in other things , and , for example , be anti-erdogan . 
  people are blind , most do n't care or believe the propaganda the government is telling us . 
  some are smart enough to not believe it , mostly the younger generations , but our strength is n't enough , thats one reason . 
  the second is the total missing of an alternative , even though fidesz is bad , is stealing insane and disgusting amount of money , we ca n't elect others . 
  there is mszp , the socials , who have been drastically hated for years now ( they ruled from 2004 to 2010 and destroyed our economy ) , jobbik which is viewed as like the nsdap from some although i think they would n't be as radical as others say , and thats literally it . 
  the others are too strong to even mention , two of the three are stealing the money for the 13th year now hand to hand , and jobbik has n't showed enough yet . 
  how do you get rid of them then ? 
   the `` stop brussels '' consultation has also irked mr orban 's allies in brussels , most notably his colleagues in the epp grouping of centre-right european political parties , including his own fidesz party . 
  the group is facing calls to eject fidesz . 
  good , he is going way too far .
