they wanted to appear like a real republic . 
  similar things happened in hungary . 
  how can they be brainwashed if they were on the front and saw what they saw ? 
  of course they will defend their motherland , they fought for it , they served with their lives . 
  you are comparing nazism so simple nationalism . 
  he never said that killing jews , gypsies and slavic people is a good thing in fact it was never mentioned . 
  as he said , he is a proud german , who had to fight against bolshevism . 
  stalin and his group crippled the eastern side of europe for 50 years , a generation grew up in that terror ... yet you still think he was a brainwashed nazi . 
  with your theory , my great-grandfather and lots of others were the same , right ? 
   then in secondary school they learn two foreign languages or it works the same as it works in my school : they said there would be a second , german course , lots of students applied , and the course is going to start soon . 
  we were told this two years ago . 
  i do n't think you can say that the waist majority learns/speaks english , because a lot of people wants to work in germany or austria , for them german is absolutely better , as you have said . 
  also , from the 1950 's until 1989 everyone had to learn russian . 
  thats millions of people , so the elder parts of our country only speak hungarian and a little bit of russian or german , and the younger generations are learning english and german . 
  hungarian and german spongebob is great . 
  he hated just about anyone who wanted war in europe . 
  but most of the hungarians did not want war . 
  his biggest problem with us however was that we would not accept his concept about the greater austrian states . 
  i mean , hungarians `` just '' gained their rights back , why would they like to share with anyone , and even if they would like , why the * serbs ? 
  * he thought after the serbian nationalist , the hungarian ones would be the ones against his ideas . 
  and , as you know , the kingdom of hungary had a parliament , they were a pain in the ass of franz joseph in the 80 's , the opposition have even broken the chairs in the parliament . 
  what would happen if the ruler would wanted to share * their * rights with other minorities of the empire ? 
  yeah , you can guess . 
  so i kind of think he had every reason to hate pretty much all the administration and millitary leaders of the empire . 
  most of them wanted war with serbia . 
  yes indeed , kossuth realised it around the time of the compromising , and he also made a concept about a new country , the danubian federation . 
  but i think the government could n't really do anything , for example the serbians would n't have accepted autonomy , they wanted to join serbia , forcing them to learn hungarian ( which we kind of did , since every state funded school had to teach hungarian and everyone had to go to school ) is also a bad idea , because it would just piss of the minorities . 
  and if you think about it , the industrially strongest parts were the ones where hungarians were the minority , with assimilated minorities , because these areas grew really quickly and made lots of money , but most of the minorities lived on the border parts of the country , were they could n't find any industry and their fields were taken away at some point . 
  migration in the country had huge numbers , and only 33 % of the people leaving the monarchy were hungarian . 
  so , summed up i think what we did was really bad , because we did n't actually helped their situation , but in the meantime i do n't think that we could have ever found a way to live in peace , in one empire . 
  lot of people would and they would have every right to do so , nationalism is still a huge thing in our country . 
  do n't get me wrong , loving your nation is great , but people who sing about trianon , shouting bad things about our neighbours and hating them for something that happened almost a 100 years ago is a `` bit '' too much . 
  are you not proud of the `` work '' of benes ? 
  then the germans invaded prague and the long lost brothers did n't even bat an eye . 
  i am not another butthurt hungarian crying about trianon , but it was very unfair for us and the only reason was to make czechoslovakia one big state is to make sure we are weak in the future ... 
  nonono , not our fear , the greatpowers fear . 
  they would n't have helped us in 1848 ( the west ) , because the fall of the monarchy would have destabilized the area , and europe would have had two weaker countries instead of a big and strong one . 
  not for you , you should say . 
  yes , the industry and the economy was growing quite nicely , the austrians , the hungarians and the croatians were living very well , but there were lots of issues with the minorities living here . 
  not with the jews , germans and czech ( these people come here to get work , or to be free if we talk about the jews and assimilated to our country ) , but with the romanians , slovakians , rusyns , serbians . 
  the biggest issue was due to the outsider propaganda . 
  romanians and serbians used it to influence their people in our land , many moved to the home country , but the whole concept was about to passively resist against the hungarians . 
  to make it shorter : could have the empire lived through and not fall apart ? 
  maybe , but the nationalism was so great it would have been much harder . 
  there were concepts about an equal empire ( the united states of greater austria -  with every nationality having equal rights made by the archduke , or the danubian federation , with the help of romania and serbia but without austria , a concept from lajos kossuth ) . 
  personally i do n't think we could have survived together . 
  ehhhm , no . 
  nato forces are usually training in hungary or romania ( everyone , the us , the french , the dutch ) , because we have the biggest training fields and this is the cheapest way of doing it . 
  trust me , there were like 10 missions in my area in the past decade . 
  he was n't a nazi , he was antisemitism . 
  big difference , and lots of people were anti semitistic in his era . 
  keep in mind he was born in 1862 . and he is half austrian , half hungarian . 
  and had a nobel prize . 
  but who cares i guess, 
  because of the rivalry and revanchism between you two . 
  tbh dude that was a bit rude . 
  i ca n't say you are wrong , but . . 
  this is what the world thinks about russia . 
  they are drinking a lot , ca n't afford anything western and there is a stalin fresco in everyones livingroom . 
  so fucking biased . 
  my favourite is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uzaegyw.jpg?1 ) one . 
  well i 'm at the time to think about university , and my priorities are also in abroad . 
  scotland , or denmark specially . 
  nonono , thats the other one , called united * states *, 
  ... and this is the answer why romania has so good internet access . 
  they basically build up their whole network with the best tech out there . 
  its way more cheaper to build something new than upgrading the old . 
  satisfy me , how long does it takes to download 8 gigs ? 
  or . . you know what . . please dont . 
  i might kill myself . 
  same in hungary , but you got ta remember that we had some bloody revolutions against the commies . 
  the soviet union was not communist though . 
  edit : wow , getting downvoted for this ? 
  have you ever heard about leninism and stalinism ? 
  they were nowhere near to marx & engels . 
   obviously , the whole highway business in slovakia is highly corrupted , what results in it being 3 times as expensive and twice as slow construction i do n't know where have i seen that before ... oh wait . 
  ... still there is a `` shit on russia '' thread in this sub every day . 
  i guess you did n't get the memo . 
  if we are looking at it from an eastern europer pov , yes you are fucking rich . 
  yeah thats why austria is also not in the nato . 
  they really do n't want to fuck with putin . 
  i do n't know if the word croatia is coming from the romans , but basically yeah , these words are coming from latin ( dalmacia , istria ) , and english is using the latin words for it , just as it is with hungary . 
  almost everybody uses the word hungarian to us , but for example the croats ( and slavs ) are using the word mad\u017earski , madarska and similar words to this . 
  and we are calling ourselves `` magyar '' . 
  interesting connection between neighbours , 
  more like new country or territory in hungarian . 
  the first city on that area was called * p\u00e9terv\u00e1rad * , but was destroyed in the ottoman wars era . 
  after the wars in 1694 , 12 good men founded * \u00dajvid\u00e9k * , or novi sad in its serbian name . 
  but it never managed to regain hungarian minority in the area , although it did n't matter in the 17-18th centuries . 
  i can agree with you . 
  i 'm sick of the westernophobe and rushophobe media . 
  can we just stop doing propaganda shit against each other , and focus on the important things like global warming , is or the space ? 
  i do n't really care what putin said , and i do n't care why is capitalism bad . 
  and i just hate people complaining and argueing about idiot things like this ... 
  there were good things in the third reich aswell , as op said , industry , highways , vw , outstanding technology and scientists ( living in the us or in the ussr ) , modern warfare tactics and methods ( blitzkrieg and panzer-warfare ) , they united the people , the children . 
  a coin has two sides . 
  this is just how journalism and the average human works , in general though . 
  nobody cares about facts and sources . 
  [ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/577yvf/russia_says_it_never_invaded_poland_in_1939/d8q7nun] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/577yvf/russia_says_it_never_invaded_poland_in_1939/d8q7nun ), 
  but its not the people 's fault that they do n't know about .
