  edit : i 've never even knew it , but wow there were more germans in this part of the monarchy , than any other minority , except for the romanians . 
  croatia and slovakia is not the same in this situation . 
  croatia had its own administration and rights in the monarchy , whereas on the [ carte rouge ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ea/ethnographic_map_of_hungary_1910_by_teleki_carte_rouge.jpg/1024px-ethnographic_map_of_hungary_1910_by_teleki_carte_rouge.jpg ) you can see that the slovakian border is a bit ... interesting . 
  oh god i 've never heard of this one but so funny :d, 
  this joke was actually funny , if it was intended to be a joke . 
  i know we are brothers and such , but jesus christ those words ... my eyes ... :'(, 
  bin laden is a little bit different , thats a terrorist group , and not a country . 
  now if this man was an islamist , if he could be associated with the is ( i doubt though ) , then they are already at war . 
  so i think we agree , there wo n't be a war between russia and turkey , russia is already fighting in the middle east , nothing is going to change . 
  edit : end of course i did n't meant to accuse you , sorry . 
  good maths . 
  is it though ? 
  completely different geopolitical situation , great tension between great powers . 
  its 2016 , no one is going to start a war because of a terrorist . 
  its not turkey 's fault at all , so you are just spreading your bullshit right now . 
  i have 102 reasons why exactly this answer means there wont be a war like that . 
  its 2016 , just calm down ... do you really think someone would start a war , because of this ? 
  definitely not . 
  calm down ... 
  i do n't think its a problem to remember your real nationality in another country . 
  it is easier to assimilate , to feel better , when you have someone to help you , on your own language that your mother taught to you . 
  the problem is when these little groups are thinking they are not under the law and are causing problems . 
  wait there are aldi 's in the us ? 
  wow . 
  and you are believing everything he has said , and think he is an absolute idiot , right ? 
  they were away ? 
  hmm , must have missed it between the idontevenknowhowmany military exercises in the past few years , just a few km 's distance from my house . 
  it was n't a tactical decision at all . 
  there was an allied counterattack at arras , and the german generals feared a bigger flanking attempt , so they had to re-organize their lines . 
  it was 48 hrs by the way , i mean the order from hitler . 
  also it is seen as one of the most divided german strategic decision in ww2 , as they had the numbers and the technology on their side . 
   germany was not the country that started the war ( that was austria ) in the history books , yes . 
  i mean , yes , it happened that way , but germany wanted that war more than franz joseph and the hungarian ministers . 
  although the peace with germany was quite reasonable , i think . 
  not with the others , though . 
  maybe including the fights in the russian civil war ? 
  its not about who he thinks he is , more like about ... why would a normal human do this ? 
  for no reason ? 
  like ... really , give me one reason why would you do this . 
  i do n't think there is any . 
  not just croatians but the whole balkan yaknow . 
  we have a type of plum , thats called * fos\u00f3ka * . 
  this name literally means you will have a diarrhea from it . 
  what you 've said has no point at all . 
  literally , you do n't even understand the words i 'm saying , and you are also getting upvoted . 
  yes i know , the majority is right , but seriously you are such a complett moron it does n't even make sence . 
  i 'm making a statement , a fact about the medieval ages , and you are telling me i 'm special . 
  then you are getting upvoted for it . 
  nice . 
  no one cared about nationalities until the spreading of nationalism , meaning that in the medieval ages , everyone had to do the same thing : maintain your little field and pay taxes . 
  and have 15 children . 
  so no , no romanians , slovakians or croats had been tossed around . 
  in this context , with this guy we were talking about the life of the monarchy , way before the war , yet i 'm getting downvoted . 
  and you are still talking about the treaty ... . . 
  and yet another one that can not read further , but can only blame . 
  i do n't think we are talking about any kind of war in this context , though . 
  this shit has marked millions lifes , but i 'm not upset . 
  ... what ? 
  now thats something i can agree on !, 
  i think you are just bitching about this though . 
  its just a sweet little memorial for us , see , we do n't really have anything good to remember for , only our long and killed kingdom . 
  but we wo n't start wars because of this ... 
  . . and most of europe also used french , for instance . 
  and most of the empire used german for a long time . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  2 world wars ? 
  thats what you call bad ? 
  pfffff ... how about the [ mongol invasion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mongol_invasion_of_europe ) ? 
  around 40-50 % of the hungarian population died . 
  the ottoman-hungarian wars , and the occupied lands ? 
  150 years in our tummy . 
  yummy !, 
  should we also mention the communist era ? 
  nonono , this is n't the ww1 era , but between 1871 and the early 1900 's . 
  i will look for a source , sadly i 've only heard it but i will do my best . 
  well , if you are from ruthenia , and it is the 1940 's , you will say `` oh fuck , not again . . '', 
  the `` nationalist question '' was a long term question in the monarchy , and the main problem is that austria tried to give us the choice . 
  simply , do what you want , its your problem . 
  even the king gave the choice to the parliament . 
  if you have to know one thing about our parliament , this is it : it is not working now , and it has n't worked in the late 19th century either . 
  the opposition even broke the chairs and tables . 
  ok , so you 've managed to win against the units who are not hungary 's right ? 
  i do n't even know why did you write this . 
  it simply does n't even make sense ? 
  lol !, 
   had migrated from all parts of the mediterranean to french algeria so wait i have to get it right . 
  just give me a minute . 
  you are argueing me about that you 've taken a land in the 19th century . 
  and you 've also taken some other * colonies * before that . 
  and people from mainland france , and the colonies went to this land you 've taken , called algeria . 
  and you are not crying about it , while i 'm crying about sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld . 
  which has been part of the hungarian kingdom from 1000 to 1920 . 
  and now you are going to come with the nationalist card . 
  `` but there were other minorities living there in 1000 ! '', 
  yes , there were , but in the medieval ages , no fucking body cared about nationalities . 
  while in the colonial era , colonised nations , tribes were simply dogs . 
  i do n't even understand how can you compare algeria or vietnam to transylvania or slovakia . 
  and i 'm not crying like a baby brah , read my other comments . 
  i can see through things , i do n't care about nationalities or anything , i 'm a history guy and thats it . 
  no , its a common way of dodging the taxes , but the laws have been stricted .
