  sorry , i was n't trying to be rude , i 'm really sick , tired and a monster right now . 
  a statue for soldiers who fought for their country , including hungarians , italians , russians because its a ww1 statue , and your goddamn kin aswell . 
  edit : plus civilians who died , and soviet soldiers in the same location . 
  things always have two sides , its not a soviet statue . 
  people just do n't give a fuck . 
  we always have to choose a side , we are tired of it . 
  you want to know how well we choose sides ? 
  there is ww1 and ww2 for you . 
  and my opinion about this : i ca n't take any more anti-russian propaganda . 
  every single online news site lies , throws the anti-russian , anti-putin , anti-everything articles , and to be honest , i 'm fucking sick of this . 
  i do n't care about russia , and i think the `` others '' have just the same and bad propaganda as they do . 
  there is no good and bad in this situation , and if `` russia wants to make a neo-ottoman axis and destroy europe '' ( lol ) , then go ahead , just ... leave us out . 
  i know they probably would n't , but i will most likely not live to the day something similar happens . 
  also keep in mind , we are not pro-russian . 
  orb\u00e1n is . 
  well he is n't really , he is just marked . 
  just as the pre-ww2 government , they were slowly drifting to a side , and when they realise what is going on , they could n't stop it anymore . 
  the present administration of the us had no big things to decide about yet . 
  you simply just ca n't call it untrustworthy , because its trump , because the mainstream media says he licks putin balls . 
  i think we should wait and see before telling everyone how much the us sucks . 
  oh my god really ? 
  neo-ottoman axis and war against eu ? 
  sounds like a good science fiction to me . 
  first is first , why the hell would those three fight on the same side , whom against , and would they really help russia in an offensive war ? 
  against the eu ? 
  what would they claim ? 
  switzerland ? 
  ceuta ? 
  do n't get me wrong , everybody can see the threat of the west and russia getting against , but it would n't make any sense . 
  there are so many wrong points in your sentences , it just ca n't be possible . 
   you should kiss american 's feet the britts were there too , and the us had no word in the percentages agreement between churchill and stalin . 
  its not just the americans , right ? 
   the uk was the one who tried defending greece in ww2 aswell , and after the threat was no longer there , the su could n't give them the freedom we gained . 
  only some pubs `` allow '' smoking in bp , but the charge is very expensive if the get caught . 
  the good thing is that in restaurants people ca n't smoke , not that it was that common , but still it is a good thing . 
  technically russia did n't even collapse in 1991 . 
  russia is unified though . 
  what you are thinking about is the soviet union , dear lad . 
  russia was an ssr , not the whole , to be fair . 
  so , in theory , they would have to unify the soviet union , and not russia . 
  okay . 
  something like world war one , no biggie . 
  and obviously , they have been the peacekeepers , at least the uk was , for the last few centuries , in eu ... 
  is it really ? 
  eastern europe was sold out because they could do nothing , and uk also let zie germans take the sudetenland and the rest of it . 
  it really is the same thing , ` winners ' playing the sheriff in the wild . 
  churchill and stalin had no right to decide over the fate of eastern europe , or the middle east , they did it anyway , 
  its like the police or the government allowing you to steal someones car . 
  its very , very different , the geopolitics of the ww2 era are important to understand and learn . 
  germany could have only been hold back by the winners of ww2 - the uk , the us , france and italy . 
  italy was on the side of germany ( kinda ) , the us choose to isolate himself from eu politics , so it was all down to the uk and france to `` keep the safety of europe '' . 
  you know , like the policy the uk used in the 1700s-1800s . 
  never let the balance of europe flip . 
  this is much better to understand the population density of spain . 
  holy hell . 
  you are wrong . 
  hitler was [ allowed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) to take the sudetenland . 
  its not like the czech had any say in it , but it was n't just an annexation . 
  what you are thinking of is the annexation of moravia and bohemia , as a whole . 
   i recall a leader of both countries looking at the map and deciding that it makes zero sense for crimea to be part of rsfsr . 
  its history , so it always have a sense . 
  political , geographical and other reasons aswell , but not zero sense . 
   17 % think stalin did ( almost ) nothing wrong i mean he saved them from the germans , whether or not this is a good thing , and the answer is not saying `` did almost nothing wrong '' , it says it did more good than bad . 
  51 is more than 49 . 
   almost half think of / r/russia thinks homosexuality is an illness thats 43 users , 7.9 % of the ones who answered , the subreddit has 23 thousand followers ... now you are just trying to foul the russians , but at least get your facts straight please . 
  its definitely not the worlds biggest thing but if you are going to a city you 've never been to , its very convenient to have it . 
  this is very , very weird . 
  i always thought istanbul was bigger than budapest , and it is in fact bigger , but in 1930 , the population of budapest ( from 1900 , the population number counts the agglomeration aswell ) is 1.442 million , 2 times more than istanbul !, 
  a few decades later , istanbul is 8.7 times more populated than budapest , and its only 3 times bigger . 
  holy hell , what happened there ? 
  if i 'm correct , he even writes it in the mein kampf . 
  jews did nothing wrong , they are just the perfect kind to ... i dont even know what to call it , fight against ? 
  central-european and eastern european countries had huge antisemitist population , and by origin you can connect jews to money , because in the medieval ages they were the one counting and managing the treasury of the king or a noble man . 
  we gave them this role , and it fired back at them , because they were at the top in the great depression , so its easy to make them the enemy . 
  hitler knew it . 
  to be honest i 'd rather have a nice road trip around france than being in paris for a week . 
  i would totally do a midnight walk in paris though . 
  which nations people are the worst in general , as a tourist ? 
  every single nation that has an army have defensive and offensive plans , whether they are in the nato or not , even hungary . 
  and this might come as a surprise , but every single army has training and exercises aswell , for all possibility . 
  the nato units have been training with some sort of napalm in the bakony exercise last year , for example . 
  exactly !, 
  the greeks should defend themselves from the goddam turks , the dutch and the belgians from the reich , and india from great britain !, 
  they are historically aggressive !, 
  i get your point , but i think its stupid . 
  egg or chicken situation , basically ... 
  i wonder as a russian , how does it feel that everybody is pointing guns at you and you are the bad guys ? 
  because from dozens of these articles , this is what i 'm getting . 
  russia will attack here , and there and there , but there are anti-missiles , nato units or aircrafts in almost every nato nation bordering russia . 
  russia must be a huge threat to us , if we need sooo many forces against them !, 
  and they did n't even tried being friendly . 
  of course they can worry about `` defensive-missiles '' on their borders , or in range to their country . 
  its the same as any other nation who is worried about russia , because they have weapons aswell . 
  they ca n't feel threatened , because they are the * bad guys ? 
  * i would shit my panties if i was russia , missiles , nato units and shit on my borders . 
  yeah , we want peace right ? 
  thats why we are pointing our guns at each other . 
  and then there are the articles about killing the russian economy and war against them , always on the headline . 
  how dare they put their country so close to our military bases , nato training fields , missile points , tactical airports ? 
  : ddd,
