  i do n't like the current form of media . 
  excuse me , media has always been like this , it just feels . . bigger hence you just need 4g or a router and a laptop and there you go , the internet is yours . 
  well maybe the western nations could change to qatar , but not the ex-comecon ones . 
  these countries can have very long contracts with gazprom , and can only be served from russia . 
  like us , hungary . 
  also , politically it would be a `` bad move '' from us , because we are planning on upgrading our nuclear power plant - with russian help . 
  i would n't compare putin to stalin or khrushchev , times are changing , but i guess you are right . 
  we shall see what happens , but i do n't think there is going to be a change in the current situation of russia , at least not in the next decades . 
  what are they using it for ? 
  just before winter ? 
  half of europe would freeze . 
  in 2012 , 40 % of the gazprom revenue was from europe . 
  these are the countries , who gets all of their gas supplies from russia : ( data from 2004 , could n't find a more recent thing ) bosnia , estonia , finland , macedonia , latvia , serbia , lithuania , moldova and slovakia . 
  another 10 countries were getting 25 % or more of their whole gas supply from russia . 
  russia would definitely not benefit from stopping the businesses , but there is no fucking way that the eu could have enough spare gas to not kill half of the guys east from the leitha . 
  edit : and we do n't even know how harsh the winter will be . 
  even if the countries would join to a coalition against russia , millions would be in danger because of the war . 
  thats not really pc , and i also would n't give my life for crimea , so thats about it i guess . . 
  unless there is a big war against russia , i do n't see any chance of them leaving crimea . 
  and nobody is going to fight russia , that could destroy europe . 
  so thats about it imo . 
  + learning english is mandatory in most of the eu military , if the country is part of the nato . 
  you ca n't do any mission if you do n't have a certification , afaik . 
  everybody does . 
  in hungary , if you want to do kfor ( kosovo force ) , isaf or sfor , you have to have an english certification . 
  i think ultranationalism is very popular in the balkans , and in hungary . 
  exactly , after the tatar invasion , b\u00e9la iv gave a lot of towns right to be cities . 
  the reasoning behind this is simple : cities had to build fortresses , castles , because it is an effective defense against the tatars . 
   around 50 % of the population has died in just one year . 
  1.5 million people , that was just a crazy wound for the country . 
  maybe we , as the west , should gave up on these balance things ... i mean it did n't really worked out in syria or with the ottomans , so . . 
  well if we hungarians would call it czechy , it would be something like ... * csecsi . 
  * that is almost boobs in hungarian . 
  well it was more like benes 's fault , so its fine . 
  but why take dalmatia ??? 
  no , but the way they are handling this thing kinda is propaganda . 
  well not even the eu can tell a nation what to do . 
  the nation , or the leaders of the nation has to agree and accept . 
  hungary voted no with the v4 's . 
  we almost had one but we lost ww1 so they said fuck off . 
  so you did n't know that this is going on ? 
  there are huge ass bilboards in almost every city , saying something anti-immigrant . 
  like `` did you know that the eu wants to force hungary to allow the settling of xy thousand illegal migrants ? '' . 
  and the elder generations like `` jesus christ , no , i do n't want my daughters to be raped by this bastards '' . 
  yeah well , me neither , but you should n't believe every fucking thing the government says . 
  also , there are signs . 
  huge ass signs , on the side of the buses . 
  like , really ?!, 
  [ here is a picture . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/ecad93709c54dffd6dd904b97ed5344d.png ) `` do n't risk the future of hungary , vote no ! '', 
  trust me , the propaganda is real these days . 
  and the majority will vote no ( hungary is having a referendum about the quota ) . 
  now do n't get me wrong , i can understand that most of the people are afraid , and to be honest , i do n't want thousands of immigrants to come here , i 'm being honest and i dont care if its liberal or not . 
  but what the government does is ... as i said , disgusting . 
  7 billion huf has been spent on this referendum btw . 
  thats like 2 million eur if my maths is good ... 
   finland had to close the british legation in helsinki . 
  as a result , diplomatic relations between finland and the united kingdom were broken on 1 august . 
  [ 86 ] on 28 november , britain presented finland an ultimatum demanding that finland cease military operations by 3 december . 
  [ 87 ] unofficially , finland informed the western powers that finnish troops would halt their advance in the next few days . 
  the reply did not satisfy the united kingdom , which declared war on finland on 6 december . 
  then they turned around and fought germany  hm , til . 
  [ wiki link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lapland_war ), 
  but why would moscow allow ukraine to be more sovereign ? 
  and how would be that an assumption ? 
  ukraine wanted to join nato , nato could use another nation on the border of the big and scary russia , and its bad for nato that russia controls sevastopol . 
  i do n't think that ukraine would have made an another contract in the case of sevastopol ... 
  i understand that people are afraid , but i do n't think that this will go as far as the third reich went . 
  hopefully . 
  well when the first articles came up about the stupid no-go zones , the hungarian news said its a place where you ca n't walk in the dark because bad people will steal your money or beat you up because of no reason , and where the situation is so bad not even the police goes there . 
  seems similar to the cities of hungary , when you are afraid of gypsies . 
  however , it looks like thats not an issue because those problems are at home , 
  weeeell no . 
  they fought against the same enemy , but finland never joined the axis if i 'm correct . 
  i have no idea though why did england fought against them . 
  well the answer is pretty reasonable ... 
  yeah well thats not really an option when you live near the most important harbour of russia . 
  everybody would have done the same in russia 's position , people just does n't seem to understand this . 
  prussian space marines ? 
  well , most of the hungarians did . 
  okaaay , not most of them , but quite a big number . 
  although if my memory is still good , they have been sent back or something . 
  hmm good idea . 
  oh god . 
  i 'll eat my hat if the uk leaves the eu by 2020 . 
  about 3 and a half ecstasy pills . 
   while hes actually doing a referendum for the people to decide what they want the referendum asks if we would like to allow the european union to `` force '' the quota on us without the agreement of the parliament . 
  the question is composed to sound like you will have to answer with no , but this referendum is completely pointless , because they could 've just edit the constitution , without wasting so much money . 
  if you think the referendum is for the people , you are stupid . 
  and sadly , most of our voters think it is for the people . 
  how much can you pay ? 
  welcome to 2016 ... the era of political correctness . 
  he built the fence with the millitary , most of our men are still on the border looking after it , horrendous amounts of money is going away just with this , plus he is giving away land , positions and everything he can to his friends . 
  one of his ex-classmates has the biggest amount of fields in my county . 
  he had nothing 4 years ago . 
  also , he is doing a referendum in october for billions of huf , he is using his refugee politics to get voters , and of course the elders are voting for him . 
  i think if his party is going to get voted in 2018 , i will leave this country ... 
  not just plans , they are actually going to build it longer if i 'm correct . 
  my dad works for the army so yeah . 
   we are able to deploy the construction squads in a day what the western media does n't tell is that almost all of our millitary and the police are working down there and guarding the border for whatever reason .
