  i still think it is a nice and patriotic poem , and if you think this is the weirdest or harshest part of it , keep reading it gets better . 
  its about literature . 
  this ( beautiful , i think ) poem was written in the heat of trianon by a poet who was in his very early ages . 
  it is what , like 90 years old now . 
  we simply just do n't care about * anything . 
  hungarian kings invited saxons to `` colonize '' transylvania , and also to learn stuff from them . 
  they were also granted some `` elite '' privileges . 
  the other big group of germans were the swabians , and it is pretty usual to `` find '' someone with a german name even now in hungary or romania . 
  keep in mind that the big nations with low percentage also had thousands , millions of casualties , but their population was a * tad bit * bigger . 
  now , a smaller nation to be `` competetive '' in a war , has to throw in everything . 
  the romanian offensive was a great tactical move by the entente , and they even had advantage in the numbers , but they had to fight basically two fronts , one against the austro-hungarian - german army , and one against the bulgarian . 
  most likely it has to do something with the [ 1918 flu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1918_flu_pandemic ) . 
  only in 1918 , more people died because of the flu , than in ww1 . 
  i actually ca n't feel any pressure from the russians , in fact i think that this whole thing is pushed on us by the mainstream media , and people would n't even talk about it if it was n't mentioned every other week . 
  the thing that really can not be unseen though is the whole moral and attitude of the nation : nobody wants to work properly , nobody cares about rules , everybody is trying to get everything as easily as they can . 
  irl its more like a memorial statue for the ones who died in the military prison camp while ww1 was going on , including romanians , italians and obviously russians . 
  not really , this statue is n't for the `` heroic acts '' , but for the military prison camp of the ww1 troops , including russians , italians and romanians . 
  i still think its what the media wants to tell us , but not reality . 
  i ca n't believe that anyone in power would let an idiot clown to be the president of the us . 
  i do n't think he will be a good president , but definitely not as bad as the mainstream media hypes it , we shall see :d, 
  really ? 
  i always thought that you were ... you know , just too french to buy anything else , but i guess i could have never been more wrong . 
  looks like there are people there who think trump will destroy america and russia will conquer europe . 
  yeah , right . 
  what exactly are you afraid of , or whats your point , i think i do n't get it . 
  even though i 'm not from croatia , but can confirm , lidl is life . 
  their bakery is amazing !, 
  this might be a controversial answer , but i would n't call fighting against the su a blind fight for nothing . 
  obviously , wwii was much bigger and the other german invasions were n't necessary , but i think if hitler does n't attack the su , and europe is giving it time to prepare for their own attack , the continent would not be the same as we know it today . 
  the americans really had to make a run for it , do n't forget that !, 
  the soviets got to the elbe , they just walked through europe like a weekend tour , but what if they are properly prepared for the war ? 
  obviously too many what if-s in this scenario , and there is no what if in history . 
  and thats how spain got 1200 development , and france under pu in my game . 
  all those coat of arms are so simple ... give me back my [ monarchy . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0c/austria-hungaria_transparency.png ), 
  are those really dolphins ? 
  but why romania ... 
  holy hell . 
  this is exactly what most of the people do , however some find it difficult to return home . 
  yeah , but there are other exceptions aswell , for example my aunt won a language competition ( ? ), 
  and got a trip to the soviet union !, 
  keep in mind that in 1989 , communism was over in hungary so it was no longer mandatory to learn russian - before , it was , but in the 80 's laws got less and less strict . 
  my father is a good example , he was born in 1974 and was in school until the early 90 's ( ? 
  ) , but he can barely create you a sentence in russian . 
  my mother , however was born in ' 76 , and she had never learned russian . 
  owning a house is n't really a trend in the west though , is it ? 
  its totally different here, 
  i dont know , i 've heard you do n't really buy a house or a car , you rent an apartment and lease a car do n't you ? 
  according to hungarian sources , most of us work in london and in the area of london , which is quite surprising for me . 
  since german and english are the foreign languages mostly taught in schools , germany , austria , switzerland and the uk are our main destinations . 
  we do n't really know how many of us are there in the uk . 
  the uk has a data about how many hungarian born residents there are in your country , [ this number is around 80.000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarians_in_the_united_kingdom#cite_note-2015_details-9 ) . 
  however , most of us are only going for work . 
  the estimated numbers of hungarian workers is around 200-300 thousand , but there was an article about 1 million aswell . 
  we are slowly invading you with the poles . 
  german sources said there were around 150 thousand hungarians living in germany in 2014 . 
  this number is obviously increasing aswell . 
  so we do n't actually know the exact numbers , but the estimations are around 500 thousand to 1.5 million hungarians working abroad , mostly the younger generations who already learnt english or german in school . 
  i guess thats also true , but it would be our job - the governments and the workers - to increase the way of living . 
  its not even about that you could n't live with an average hungarian wage well , its just you will never have your own car , your own house , and this is what we want . 
  some stability . 
  nobody wants to live with their parents for 40 years , or in an apartment with the cost increasing every year , but how many of us could actually build a house big enough for a family of 4 ? 
  why would you work here for the half or third amount of money , if you can work abroad and build your future ... 
  i know its not just about the country , but about the mentality of the people aswell , still its really sad . 
  just a side note : in hungary , owning a house is still one of the definitions of being stable , i know in other countries its different . 
  even in schools it became a common conversation now . 
  i think if i would do a poll in my school , around 20 % would want to live in an other country with higher wages . 
  thats 200 students , just in my school , including me . 
  this is how bad the situation is in hungary . 
  yes , but as i 've said , [ they decided ] ( http://totalcar.hu/magazin/hirek/2016/11/16/mar_csak_nehany_hetig_a_mi_autonk_a_swift/ ) to not make any swifts at hungary anymore . 
  its not like that , but i still think its just the media that hypes the situation . 
  you simply can not think of any reason why would it be beneficial to russia to control the baltics . 
  of course you could say they are controlling crimea , but ukraine itself is having a lot of financial troubles and corruption , you can easily do things with nations like this . 
  however , occupying or controlling the baltic states would be far more expensive plus it would obviously mean a war . 
  nobody is that stupid . 
  i dont know , i would drive a new clio or megane gt , they look sexy and drive well , and are ( hopefully ) more reliable . 
  suzuki is taking away our poor little swift though :'( 1994-2017 never forgetti, 
  there was , the facelifted vitara was a great deal for the average hungarian . 
  basically renault is rebadging the dacias and giving them to south africa and south america . 
  no its not , octavia is in between the golf and the passat . 
  yes , they are using the same mqb platform ( almost all vw group cars are using this , from audi to seat ) , but its a little bit closer to the golf . 
  individually , skoda is a great manufacturer , and their quality could be better than vw , but surely vw does n't want that , 
  to be honest i really thought that either the eu would give you things , or nothing would really happen for years . 
  to be honest , we have know idea . 
  some meteorologist predicted that there would be at least 5 cm 's of snow in every part of the country , but what we got for the last week or two is freezing to death , and now a bit of a rain . 
  and a tiny bit of snow yesterday :(, 
  would you recommend nice places for a summer holiday ? 
  even if its not true in this way ( hence your downvote ) , i still think it is a great idea to create this beautiful atmosphere . 
  obviously you could probably do it with modern lights aswell , but c'mon !, 
  a city with so much history behind it deserves something like this . 
  i shall really read his book . 
  my issue is that no one in the fucking world cares . 
  its not just about germany , but about europe aswell . 
  probably thousands , or millions die a day because of poverty , war , terrorism or anything like this . 
  now , i do n't care about israel , not at all . 
  i care about peace between people , between religions . 
  if my media wo n't get fully loaded with all the incidents and tragic things happening everywhere around the world , in iraq , in pakistan , in anywhere else , why do i have to read / see multiple articles about an israeli situation ? 
  i know the answer , so nobody has to tell me it , it just kinda makes me sad . 
  he kinda tried to save his own life by saying that hitler was the devil and he did not know about the camps . 
  now , i 'm not saying that these are false , but he was * very close * to hitler , [ as this comment says ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3myrpx/when_albert_speer_hitlers_economic_minister/cvjn9em/ ) , every plan , every management , everything , so yeah .
