i live near a park . 
  i see runners all day . 
  it is pretty popular . 
  since you can run everywhere . 
  if there is no pavement , then there is a bike path where can run on more safely . 
  every dutchman is still sad about the loss of hyves . 
  it was a dutch social network . 
  but is changed to a flash game site after too many people left for facebook . 
  we have a dutch video platform called dumpert.nl that is pretty popular . 
  there have been clips from that site on the front page on reddit . 
  ( you spot them by a green crown watermark ) dutch forum that is pretty popular is fok.nl, 
  you do n't have a sign to place on a car or a different license . 
  you are just called a `` beginning driver '' . 
  like i said the only rule is that you ca n't drink alcohol as much as a more experienced driver . 
  i 'm curios how the speed limit for new drivers works . 
  how long are you a ` new driver ' ? 
  how is the speed limit enforced ? 
  we have a the first 5 years of owning a drivers licence you are a beginning driver . 
  only thing that is different though is that the max allowed alcohol when driving is much lower . 
  berlin , vienna and rome might be 3 great cities to visited for such a trip . 
  4/5 days in berlin , travel day , 2/3 days in vienna , travel day , 4/5 days in rome . 
  ( or something like that ) berlin has it 's christmas markets during december . 
  great city to visit , good food , plenty sights to see . 
  munich is pretty as well , but i would consider berlin more , just because of its history . 
  vienna is said to be a very pretty city as well . 
  i 've not been there ( yet ) . 
  then visit rome , which has even more sights to see , and great food as well . 
  ( i know the colosseum , vatican city , they are touristy , but very cool to see in real life ) . 
  i 've added vienna , just because i think it is doable , you would see 3 different cities and countries . 
  i have no strong feelings one way or the other . 
  i will probably try to get some tickets for at least some handball matches . 
  ( hopefully for the dutch women team ), 
  there is a light festival called glow in eindhoven every year . 
  not sure when it is exactly . 
  to add , most dubbed movies are shown with the original voices and subs often as well . 
  never used it . 
  i know i can get it at a the supermarket here . 
  no , i live in the east of the netherlands . 
  it is called `` kermis '' , it is very similar to german `` schutzenfest '' , and then i think to your schuttersfeesten as well . 
  since it is organized by a schutterij . 
  i know more countries have the tradition . 
  different kinds of air rifles . 
  and a normal rifle . 
  we have a tradition in our village where we shoot at a wooden bird . 
  we need to shoot of different parts and you win a prize . 
  it is part of a 4 day feast in our village . 
  you all know heineken , and shell . 
  other companies less know are mammoet , a lifiting and moving company . 
  or asml , it makes a lot of machines to fabricate chips . 
  borrow an estate car , or use a trailer . 
  since caravans are very common here , a lot of cars have a towbar to hitch a trailer on . 
  most diy stores ( that i 've encountered ) here allow you to rent it for free if you have made a big purchases that does n't fit in a car . 
  [ sint ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv3g70mm18k ) . 
  i really do n't like dutch movies , something about the voices is always just a bit off . 
  but this one is so cheesy and about a really dutch topic . 
  i just love how over the top and bad it is . 
  yes , i 've been to niagara falls and toronto . 
  toronto is a beautiful , as really great city to visit . 
  it looks like a great place to live , if you want to live in a big city . 
  primary education ( age 4 ( grade 1 ) to 12 ( grade 8 ) ) : grade 3 to 8 , dutch , grade 6 to 8 english secondary education ( 6 years , age 12 to 18 ) : 6 year dutch , 6 years of english , 5 years of latin , 3 years of french , 2 years of german , and a year of ancient greek . 
  dutch and enlish were mandatory to do exams in , and then you needed to add one more language at least . 
  about the quality , if was different with each teacher . 
  overall it was fine . 
  we had one teacher that did n't really care about pronunciation in english , but the next year we got a teacher only allowed us to use british pronunciation . 
  ( which made for some heated arguments in class ) . 
  [ the toy story soundtrack . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plprrlmobr8 ) the singer from [ de dijk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn_puxadmoy ) sang the songs for toy story 1 . 
  my mom is a big fan of de dijk , i always listened to his voice . 
  i just liked them when i was a child , and now when i live alone they make me miss my mom , and i ca n't wait to visit her at home . 
  austrian , might be a bit the same as german . 
  but i 've been more to austria then germany , so i 've had more bread there then in germany . 
  love their variety , their is so much more bread to chose from , then here in the netherlands . 
  pretty much rts or simultation games like factorio , city skylines , age of empires 2 , planet coaster . 
  and for some shooting some overwatch . 
  i enjoyed gtav , watchdogs 2 , far cry type games as well . 
  but when the story is over i kinda stop playing them . 
  there have been a [ few ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/windhozen_van_25_juni_1967 ) [ here ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/stormramp_van_1927 ) , they do n't happen that often and are very rare . 
  first of all education , especially secondary education , is different from country to country . 
  so my answer is only for the netherlands . 
  i like the amount of effort you put in the question . 
  1 ) grading goes from 1 to 10 , with a 5,50 being a passing grade . 
  how they rate up from the 1 differer per teacher ( for me ) some used 1 as a baseline and made a linear path to a 10 . 
  others used that you at least had to get x amount of points before you get something more then a 1 . 
  2 +3 +4 +5 ) first of all secondary education is quite a bit different in the netherlands . 
  we have 3 levels ( simplified ) , a test in the last year of primary school and your record overall determines in what level you get for secondary education . 
  lowest level is 4 year , middle is 5 and highest is 6 years . 
  then you go to tertiary education . 
  ( university/college ) lowest level , i ca n't say to much about it . 
  it has some mandetory classes like , dutch and enlish , but after 2 years you choose a profile with classes that prepare you for what direction you wanted to take your tertiary education ( which would be to learn a specific job ) ( not sure how this worked exactly since i did n't take it , and students on this level went to a different school ) highest and middle level are different . 
  you have 3 years of mandatory course , about 12 different classes . 
  you have some freedom , like i could add some courses like latin or ancient greek . 
  i know some school let you switch between spanish or french . 
  in and the end of your third year you chose a profile , a packet of classes in which you will do a exam ( most of them have a exam ) . 
  universities have demands , if you want to study a certain subject , you need to have certain courses . 
  some things are mandatory , like english , dutch , maths ( you can choose different types , some harder , some easier . ) . 
  there are 2 main profiles , the scientific one , and economic one . 
  some schools have some . 
  the scientific profile had the classes like physics , chemistry , biology and stuff , the economic had course like history , geography , economics . 
  that said you always had room to choose something completely free , so you can have a scientic profile and do history classes as well . 
  we got a report 3 times a year , the last one was import since that one determined is you passed or not .
