  every year you have to get a 6 average to pass , and go to the next year . 
  you had to compensate a 5 in some class with a 7 in a different class . 
  ( you could n't have too many fails , like even if you could compensate 2 4 's you were n't allowed to pass to the next year . ), 
  to give an example : first 3 years i had , dutch , maths , english , french , biology , chemistry , physics , history , geography . 
  in the first 2 years i had pe , computer stuff ( learn how to search , use word and that stuff , no programming ) , music , and woodworking/electronics as well . 
  in year 1 and 3 ( and 5 ) i had a ` philosophy ' class ( taught us about philosophy , and religion as well ) , and `` art '' class ( did n't have this one in 5th year though ) . 
  second and third year , i had german , and latin as well . 
  in the third year i had greek as well and `` science class '' ( which was a kinda wierd class ) . 
  and a few weeks of economics ( our roster was too full to add this class , thus we had a rush course in it , no test on it ) then i choose a scientific profile and had the mandatory classes : dutch , english , math b , chemistry , physics , biology . 
  you have to chose a extra language , i choose latin . 
  extra classes i took was maths d ( which is just more maths , there is no exam for this one ) . 
  and i had a extra type of art class , which was about the roman and greek culture/art . 
  ( biggest perk was a trip to rome ) 6 ) homework was quite common . 
  for languages this was often some reading or a book report or some project ( with dutch we had to make a political party once for example ) . 
  for physics this could be a simple exercises out a book or again a project with a report ( like making a water rocket ) . 
  edit : i might have forgotten some things , and it might have changed a bit since i did my secondary education . 
  the police is respected , mostly . 
  of course there are people who do n't like them . 
  there have been some problems with a technique they use , a man died when they used it on him . 
  he was black , and recent after the shootings in the usa . 
  this put some strains on the relationship between the police and that part of the dutch community . 
  the police is something we need , and is there to protect us all . 
  i like to think the police is something we can trust , but we should be critical of at all times . 
  personally i do n't hate the police , the few people i know that work with the police are very nice , even though some look very tough and mean . 
  i know there are plenty of games which are just about their story . 
  but with films are even more about their story , i think there might be stories that just works for a local audience or just a country . 
  i think with a game you could add enough back story to either make understandable for ` outside ' people . 
  or at least it does n't matter that much since the game is more about being a game then a story . 
  that is just how i think about it . 
  plenty of people probably would disagree . 
  ( by the way , the netherlands produces a few games , like horizon zero dawn , reus ( which means giant in dutch ) ), 
  there is are already possibilities for games to be subsidized . 
  but assuming your question would be real . 
  i do n't think it is a good idea to take money away form films . 
  since games can be much easier adjusted for an international market then a film . 
  it good enough . 
  though material not form netflix itself is declining lately and late . 
  only got season 8 of archer a week ago . 
  and plenty movies i liked disappeared from netflix the last few months . 
  there are some things they should add , like more languages in subtitles and adjusting the aspect ratio . 
  for me the last few months i am thinking of canceling it , since the content i want is n't on netflix anymore , or it just not on it . 
  but then again i share it with my sister and it is just $ 5 each . 
  and here we think germany is cheaper . 
  not a lot , but enough to do some shopping there . 
  we had `` negerzoenen '' ( nigger kisses ) , which were wafers with a lot cream and covered in chocolate . 
  but now they are just called `` zoenen '' we still have `` jodenkoeken '' ( jew cookies ) and some people find `` blanke vla '' ( white custard ) as well racist against white people . 
  yes , this is only a problem for subscriptions with a data cap . 
  but it should be fixed nonetheless in the eu rules . 
  since it is pretty unfair thing . 
  but i have n't read ( or could find ) any recent articles if it was fixed or not . 
  and i know there was some discussion that the netherlands was n't allowed to be more strict then the eu . 
  i thought it was worth pointing out that even the eu rules still allow for some unfair treatment of data . 
  with my current housing ( but not counting my renting and insurance benefits ) i can save about $ 2200 a month . 
  but with that kind of income i would have to pay some more taxes ( sewage for example ) . 
  if i would get that kind of money , and renting a real place , but not owning a car . 
  my guess it would be that around $ 1800 could be saved each month . 
  i think andre rieu , he is famous here . 
  but i think he might be more famous abroad . 
  well , i like to think i know myself , so i am only 15/17 the way there . 
  i have a book written by my grandpa about our genealogy . 
  there are only 15 names in there who were alive in 2007 . 
  the internet database shows as well where they live , and in book does n't speak about some one who ever lived in that part of the netherlands . 
  according to a [ database ] ( http://www.cbgfamilienamen.nl ) there were 17 people in the netherlands with my surname in 2007 . 
  i only know 15 people with my surname . 
  in the netherlands zero-rating is banned as well . 
  zero-rating is not counting a certain service towards you data bundle , which seems nice , but pushes users to use a certain service . 
  this is allowed according to the eu rules . 
  so some providers have tried ( or are trying ) to get zero-rating in the netherlands . 
  ( not sure if this is going on still , have n't read about it for a while ) zero-rating ban should be added to the eu rules . 
  but otherwise the rules are pretty good . 
  plenty of elders near the border here ( in the netherlands ) do n't speak that much english but know german pretty well . 
  we have a pretty big tradition during new years . 
  fireworks are only allowed to be sold the last 3 days of the year ( 4 if one of the last three is a sunday ) . 
  lighting fireworks is recently adjusted to from 18:00 pm december 31st untill 02:00 am january 1st . 
  ( used to be from 10am on december 31st ) there are some rules on sizes and maximum amount of gunpowder in them . 
  like 500gr of gunpowder per cake , maximum amount of powder per shot and stuff like that . 
  but the last few years the government and groups are trying to decrease the tradition . 
  there are many accidents happening and it produces quite a lot op polution and garbage . 
  next step is probably a ban on fireworks that only produce a explosion ( firecrackers ) and no colour/show ( cakes , and single shot mortars ) . 
  ultimate goal is to ban public use of them and have one professional show in the town during new years . 
  addition : in the east of the country there is the tradition of shooting carbide . 
  the basic version is putting some in a metal milk cannister plugging the hole with a soccerball and lighting it . 
  which produces quite a loud bang . 
  very good point . 
  this is n't the sub i 'm looking for apparently then . 
  i do n't listen to that much rap . 
  but i like [ de jeugd van tegenwoordig ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjer3ex948w ) , just some funny lyrics , that stick pretty well with you . 
  more examples : [ sterrenstof ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnmxskfwflq ) , [ manon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri1f5e8kmfe ) , [ de formule ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-w9gcti2nm ) . 
  like i said in thread a few days ago . 
  i think there are too just many usa questions . 
  every other questions seems to be : what about this usa thing ? 
  or compare your country things with this usa thing . 
  they are boring and just too many . 
  i get that the userbase of reddit is mostly americans , but still it would be nice if we got some more questions were more about europe and not something again about the usa . 
  why use the criteria of quotable ? 
  i 'm really wondering . 
  everything that follow is dutch , for obvious reasons . 
  but i guess most would people can quote something from [ de lama 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyf0lanuuu4 ) ( dutch version of whose line is it anyway ) otherwise most dutch will know the quote : `` de cock , met c-o-c-k . '' that was from an old police detective serie called baantjer . 
  some of our comedies whit their cabaret show are pretty quotable . 
  like the sketch [ `` school trip '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz-dimdcq3g ) van jochem meyer , other pretty good one is najib amhali with the [ ` std-test ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfna9t-jqvs ) .
