  because on tv cycling has a much bigger presence than field hockey . 
  cheaper feul for cars and a lot cheaper liquor . 
  most of the groceries are cheaper in germany . 
  so doing your shopping once in a while germany saves a bit of money . 
  just to edit : one of the things i often get in germany is meat . 
  it is just higher quality for a lower price , especially bbq meat . 
  so i will get a large amount of that and freeze it for when i need it . 
  our country is divided in 3 parts , north , mid and south . 
  schools in these regions all have different holidays . 
  often south and mid have the same holidays . 
  and all schools have the same christmas holidays , and may vacation . 
  then there is something called ` bouwvak ' , it 's the builders holiday . 
  most people in construction have their vacation then , i believe . 
  i do n't know much about it , except that it is staggered as well . 
  the city is nicknamed havana at the waal . 
  it got it nickname because it a political left city . 
  but it is a very relaxed city as well . 
  the summer parties during the walk of the world . 
  the walk of the world is the the biggest walking event in the world . 
  the parties around it are super fun , most of them are free . 
  lot 's of bbq 's with friends and then going to the city for a party/concert . 
  [ handball ] andreas wolff , he is such a great goalkeeper . 
  he has a unique style . 
  i love landin , but wolff is so much more energetic . 
  no , i have n't read that book yet unfortunately . 
  [ papa-stef bos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wxvtib6qe4 ), 
  it 's a really interestingly written story about the history of humans . 
  are you allowed to use your drivers licence as a means of identification then ? 
  i only use it for cooking . 
  so maybe 0.5 l per month, 
  to give you a serious anwser , amazon pretty non-exsitant here . 
  we have a own online shops , www.bol.com and www.coolblue.nl where we order shit from . 
  only thing they sell on the . nl domain is e-books . 
  but they not a serious shop over here . 
  probably something from the writers we call ` the big three ' , harry mulish , gerard reve , willem frederik hermans . 
  things like [ de aanslag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_assault ) from harry mulisch is one i read . 
  from other writers : [ oorlogswinter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_in_wartime ) by jan terlouw , [ max havelaar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/max_havelaar ) by multatuli . 
  or something by a.f.t van der heijden . 
  but we ( at least my class ) was encouraged to read newer literature as well , our teacher kept a pretty up to date list which you were allowed to read for book reports . 
  for a lot of the older people it is probably the 1974 loss against west-germany . 
  for the younger generation it is probably the loss in south africa in 2010 against spain . 
  for me personally it is the 2015 world championships final handball against norway . 
  i think it marks the start of a very good period for dutch handball and hopefully a title to come soon ( they will beat norway in a final soon ) . 
  finally handball is getting some attention in the netherlands . 
  the team is getting better, 
  used mostly for emergencies like a big fire or leak at a chemical plant . 
  the protocol for hearing it is : close all doors and windows , turn on the tv or radio . 
  nowadays there is a alarm as well for your mobile phone . 
  what gif ? 
  i missed somethin , i geuss . 
  netflix ( share if with my sister ) , spotify premium ( share that with some friends ), 
  the netherlands has star wars on netflix up to episode 7 . 
  lotr has been removed recently . 
  i had a class ( in the uneven years , so 1,3 , and 5 ) during my secondary education which was called ` levensbeschouwing ' . 
  this class was a lot more philosophy then religion , but religion was talked about a lot as well . 
  what is your source ? 
  accorridng to the [ svb ( social insurace bank ) ] ( https://www.svb.nl/int/nl/kindernamen/ ) the popular names are girls : anna , emma , tess . 
  my train does n't run ( they are working on rail route . ) . 
  the train company has arranged busses . 
  the journey is about 5 min longer . 
  but i have to sit in an bus . 
  here volleyball or field hockey were the traditional girl sports ( probably with handball as well , but that is n't a big sport over here ) . 
  i used to have a girl in our team since there were no girls teams , when i played football . 
  but nowadays most clubs have a girl football teams raging all ages . 
  when i switched sports ( about 15 years ) ago from football to handball i was ridiculed for playing a girls sport . 
  but that only showed how little they knew about the sport . 
  depending on what museums you want to visit , leiden is a great place to visit . 
  actually leiden is a great place to visit anyway . 
  no , sorry . 
  it is a personal thing . 
  i am a bit scared it will be too easy to find out who i am in real life with that information . 
  yes , all the male family members have a ring with the coat of arms engraved on it . 
  ( i inherited my ring from my grandfather . ), 
  it has a rose and a fish on it . 
  i have practice on friday night , and after that we go drink something with the all the teams at the bar in the sport hall . 
  no , and i would rather go to a rugby match . 
  pesten ( bullying ) , it 's a simple card game where your try to clear your hand as quick as possible . 
  every turn you are allowed to trow away one card on the master pile , it has to be the same colour ( hearts , diamonds ... ) or same number ( jack , ten ... ) , but a lot of cards do something , like 2 , the next person needs to grab 2 new cards . 
  the 8 will force the next player to skip their turn . 
  and so on . 
  it 's pretty easy and a lot of people can play at once , by just combining more packs together . 
  other games ( here are even clubs for ) is hartenjagen ( hunt on hearts ) it is a bit more complicated , but you are trying to collected as few points as possible . 
  all the heart cards are one point , and a few other ( depends on the rules ) . 
  card counting is essential in this game . 
  a popular drinking card game is bussen ( busses ) . 
  first the dealer ask you black or red , he gives you a card open . 
  if you are correct you do n't have to take a drink . 
  then he asks , higher or lower then the card your already have , again if you 're wrong you have to drink . 
  next round he asks inside or outside , so if the card is between the two cards you already have or not . 
  again when wrong you have to drink . 
  as the last question he ask you to guess the colour ( diamands hearts ... ) . 
  when everybody has 4 cards , the next part starts , that is one card is placed in the middle , and you can only place a that is equal , one higher or lower . 
  the last one with cards will go in the bus . 
  the bus is row of cards placed face down in a diamond , ( so 1 card , 2,3,2,1 ) the first is turned around . 
  then the player has to pick on of the 2 cards and say if it is higher or lower , if correct , they are allowed to move op a row , untill they reach the end . 
  but when they are wrong , they have to go back to the first card , new cards are placed on the opened opens , and for every wrong row you have to take one sip . 
  repeat untill they reach the end , or are too drunk to play . 
  you have never wondered what meat is used for a frikandel or a kroket ? 
  human flesh is so much better then cow or sheep . 
  i have to give that to ziggo sport , actually started to show handball on dutch tv .
