  it got so much attention that the nationals news broadcaster ( that does sports as well ) started to whine that it should come back to them . 
  they have formule 1 as well , which is fun to watch sometimes . 
  it might just be me here , i want to have my facebook more private . 
  but it has happened a few times now , it was always the american who asked me to add me , or just sent me a request . 
  but we have a saying in dutch : `` niet geschoten is altijd mis . '', 
  it translates to : never shot is always a miss . 
  so always ask , there are probably a lot who do n't mind to add you . 
  british : really do n't know how to pace themselves when drinking . 
  americans : too nice . 
  yes we had a nice conversation . 
  no , i do n't want be your friend on facebook . 
  germans : will not even try to speak dutch when they are over here . 
  as for ourselves , the dutch . 
  we are freaking everywhere . 
  you are never anywhere the only dutch tourist for some reason . 
   was this that popular ? 
  is that the only measurement for being a classic show ? 
  the show is a good example of the tv shows we made in the netherlands . 
  that said i have n't seen the film myself . 
  op was asking for tv shows , what is was in the first place , and most people i know have seen it or remember it . 
  [ baantjer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_k3lsokvos ) a detective series set in amsterdam . 
  i think pretty much a standard watch for a lot of people on friday night . 
  [ all stars ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkc8nluy9b4 ) ( this is the movie intro though ) a show about a adult soccer team and their friendships . 
  very fun too watch , handled a lot of sensitive subjects ( racism , homosexuality ) . 
  classic game show : [ lingo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgofgpxfde8 ) a word guessing quiz . 
  classic for children : [ klokhuis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hme_obo-dho ) ( apple core ) they explained a lot of stuff in a short episode , whit some added sketches . 
  it ranged form traffic control , to baking bread to the weed policy . 
  damn , i forgot the bread one . 
  but know i 'm wondering of the grilled cheese is maybe made with the bread of d66 . 
  i think a lot more questions need more context . 
  i think just asking a question without any explanation is stupid , and does n't want me to answer your question . 
  saying shit like `` not explaining it shows me how popular it is . '', 
  is plain annoying and makes me want to help you even less . 
  you 're just being lazy . 
  ( the masters questions from a few days ago is a great example of a lazy question , that could have been much more interesting/fun to answer if op added a bit of context . ), 
  explain what you 're asking about , i might learn something as well . 
  asking and answering questions is much more fun if it is a two way road . 
  we had a minister of security tweet once : [ `` i know people who died of weed . 
  '' ] ( https://twitter.com/ardvandersteur/status/198139899042471937 ) it turned into a meme of i know people who died of xx . 
  a old one is about a member of parliament that used to be in a commission about cyber security tweet microsoft once that they should stop calling him . 
  not recognising that there were some people trying to scam him . 
  as of more recently we had a political party ( which is called denk , litteraly translated it means think ) call the people not to believe some of the things the media reports . 
  `` trap er niet in ! '', 
  is the text of the meme which translates to `` do n't fall for it . '', 
  there have been quite a few question the last few days about : `` what do you think about x ? '', 
  whit out explaining what x was . 
  it so annoying . 
  at least explain what you 're asking about . 
  half life 3 confirmed ? 
  5 may is already our liberation day . 
  i think it would just do the opposite and strengthen anti european feelings . 
  `` they took away my holiday , so europe could have it their way ! '', 
  i think it would annoy most that eu is trying to regulate something there is no need for . 
  i have to say that due to my books being english , my study doing a lot of stuff in english ( my bachelor is fully in english since this year ) i sometimes can express myself better in english then dutch . 
  ( being on reddit a lot does n't help ) often it is just a phrase that we do n't have in dutch or that a mechanism is easier explained in english than dutch . 
  but on some level it makes me a bit sad that i could n't explain it in dutch . 
  like jeremy clarkson once said : turning right on a red should and could be implemented here more often . 
  especially for bikes it should be implemented much more often then it is . 
  the greatest dutch hand held dessert is the festini pear ( not strawberry ) . 
  some might argue it is the raket ( rocket ) . 
  but they are wrong it is the festini . 
  the festini has it 's own sub : / r/heilfestini, 
  no clue , i just grabbed one of the first pictures from google that illustrated ` een terrasje pakken ' well enough . 
  go to the city centre and sit outside on a terrace in front of a bar/cafe and drink . 
  [ like this ] ( http://cafehetmolenpad.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/mp-terras-011.jpg ) . 
  or sit with friends outside , drink and maybe bbq . 
  ( germans do bbq so much better then we do , though ), 
  first time i smoked when my best friend cheated on his girlfriend when we were vacation , i was 18 . 
  never really got addicted , only smoked on festivals . 
  only once bought a pack of cigarettes . 
  last time cigarette is probably 3 years ago , i think . 
  ( might have smoked when really drunk and did n't remember it ), 
  not really something in a store , but i really would like a wendy 's and chipotle . 
  i like both a lot when i was over there , and wendy 's is just better than burger king or mcdonalds . 
  we do n't have any mexican style fast food , there is a taco bell coming here , but never had that . 
  if you 're ever near the netherlands we have cool ranch , i believe , it 's called ` cool american ' and it 's in a blue bag . 
  ( and more flavours ), 
  you might find it near the border with the netherlands . 
  or start introducing it yourself , who knows , it might become a success . 
  that is a shame . 
  i would have really liked to read the menu . 
  thanks for trying to look it up . 
  do you know the name or website of the restaurant ? 
  i am curious to see what they would serve in dutch restaurant . 
  a [ local student ] ( http://www.gelderlander.nl/default/discodel-grote-hit-onder-nijmeegse-snackfans-video~a5a8c691/ ) thought it up . 
  there is as well the ` broodje spe ' which is a bun with a fried cheese snack with chilli sauce , peanut sauce and raw unions , which exist for a while . 
  edit : there is a review of the pea-soup pizza on / r/thenetherlands but i could n't find it . 
  nijmegen also has it 's own variation the ` kapsalon ' ( the hairdresser ) , which add chilli sauce over the fries . 
  the kapsalon is really good though , it is fries with doner kebab meat , salad , and then melted cheese over the top . 
  the netherlands ? 
  what kind of food is served in a dutch restaurant ? 
  our cuisine does n't work that well for a restaurant , or is it a dutch pancake restaurant ? 
  that said , there a plenty ` american ' restaurants here , they just serve big ass proportion of meat and that is about it for these restaurants . 
  beside that they follow more or less ` normal ' restaurant things over here , because people do n't want ice water or more ice then drink when they order a drink , and unlimited drink would probably cost too much . 
  take-away is n't that special often you can get a box or something , but then it is often not necessary since portion are normal . 
  it 's a frikandel , deep fried processed meat stick ( it is a good snack though ) , with mayonnaise and disco dip ( the stuff you put on ice cream ), 
  no , it 's a frinkandel with mayonnaise , and disco dip ( the stuff you put on ice creams ) . 
  saturday morning is often the time for youth matches . 
  we play our matches saturday night or sunday morning . 
  ( on mobile add links when i 'm home ) how it sounds : google for louis van gaal ( bad english ) or timmermans ( good english ) .
