  beautiful city without the tourist , and then you have cities like deventer or zutphen are really pretty to visit . 
  i wanted to watch it , just because i want to see it live once . 
  but i forget it sunday . 
  but most american sports are way too boring to watch . 
  with christmas there were a few basketball matches live on tv here . 
  but they sucked , the matches were great , but all the commercial through out it really put me of . 
  it were 2 or 3 different ones on continuous repeat . 
  it 's not the sport , it is the way it is presented . 
  from what i heard it is the same with american football . 
  the average is 16,6 years old in the netherlands . 
  add ton elias to list as well . 
  he is a member of parliament and specializes in it security topics , but did n't know what an ip address is . 
  to top that he almost fell for the microsoft calling you scam , he tweeted to microsoft that they should stop calling him . 
  nope , i 'm going to watch it though . 
  not as active as the women tournament , since we do n't have a men 's team to follow . 
  but i like watching it without out having to cheer for a certain team . 
  the only team i wo n't cheer for is qatar . 
  i cheer for every opponent of them . 
  stupid team . 
  i like watching the germans because of wolff , he is a great goalkeeper . 
  unfortunatly , you could n't be more wrong . 
  i love going to concerts , mostly metal , punk and electronica . 
  i completely forgot to talk about that part going out and going to concerts are two different things for me , so that might be why i forgot it . 
  already visited all the places you mentioned , saw some very good performances there . 
  i 'm just waiting for some fun artist to preform there and i will be their again . 
  i live in nijmegen , so doornroosje is always easy to visit if something nice preforms . 
  back when i grew up in the countryside you had a few different kinds of nightlife . 
  frist one is just going to a local bar in your town and just having a few beers , and talking . 
  this could be done at a friends house as well , which was much cheaper . 
  my town had a bar/club thing that opened at 12 which was more a dancing place , often we went to that at around 1 . 
  then around 3 we went to get a d\u00f6ner and then went home . 
  other thing we did is was going to a big ass disco , it had different rooms with different music styles , like a top 40 ( pop ) room , hardstyle , 90 's . 
  but this was very far away . 
  so we took a bus to that location . 
  we drank before we took the bus , because that place was very expensive . 
  around 4 all buses left again , so then your night ended . 
  last thing what happened was a local fun fair type of event . 
  it 's called a kermis , it is comparable with a sch\u00fctzenfest . 
  there is are attractions ( bumper cars , shooting gallery , candy store , and other things ) for smaller children , and a big tent with a live band for the teen/adults in the night . 
  form around april until september every weekend there was one in a neighbouring town . 
  then we went to one . 
  these nights started much earlier , like 7 or 8 . 
  you need to gain entrance , because these tents had set limits . 
  you got a entrance bracelet , and then either stayed , or went to a local place to drink something , around 22 the party started good . 
  then you went to the tent . 
  a 1 these things ended , because of rules . 
  often you went to a friend and made fried eggs . 
  nowadays going out in the city is much more drinking somewhere until one , then going to the city centre and either going to the standard bar or something some wants . 
  most of these places are a combination of talking and dancing , and some are very packed . 
  then around 4 you go and get d\u00f6ner , because some things do n't change . 
  dutch : mother tongue , use it daily in almost everything . 
  english : daily on the internet , and in college . 
  all my classes are taught in english , so everything else around my study is now in english . 
  i think i use more english in day to day use then dutch . 
  german : sometimes when there is a new german student i meat , and their english or dutch is n't good enough yet . 
  do n't speak it that often , and i 'm not that good at it . 
  handball is the main sport i play . 
  [ flappie !, 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qch_l3qc354 ), 
  we had one . 
  it came out like 5 times a year . 
  ( every 2 months , except during the summer break ) it had a group of writers doing stuff for it . 
  but you could send in articles as well . 
  i made a puzzle for it once . 
  writing for it was popular , but reading was n't really . 
  only the `` did you know ? '', 
  part was popular . 
  fired a very small caliber rifle a few times . 
  it was bolted down on a stand , and you could adjust the aim a little bit . 
  we have a tradition here , we shoot on a wooden bird , we shoot on different parts of it ( neck , wings , tail ) and then it 's body . 
  the person who shoot it 's body of a pin will be a `` king '' of the community for a year . 
  it 's just a title . 
  this event is held every year . 
  [ xxi-klavier ] ( https://open.spotify.com/album/6rk4qsvdrncnnqwrcefsw9 ) , that piano album of rammstein, 
  i would hate it if [ `` de staat '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ttggiqpauc ) becomes more popular . 
  because then they would n't play the smaller stages in the netherlands . 
  but they really deserve it , it 's a great band . 
  they already toured as opener with muse for a bit . 
  they do this [ insane circle pit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5tzxy9_cms ) thing live . 
  the singer did a really cool cover of [ firestarter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipi3b9ipsn0 ) as well , and yes , that is the song in the intro of just cause 3 . 
  we even have a place called amerika . 
  we have something called ` dropshot ' , it is a shot type drink based on licorice . 
  leafs on the train tracks , or a switch freeze with the first frost of the year . 
  causing a complete crash of the public train transport system . 
  there is one about finland , they are always above us in rankings , it 's a small victory when finland is lower then us . 
  another meme we have is about our minister of justice , ard van der steur . 
  he once [ tweeted ] ( https://twitter.com/ardvandersteur/status/198139899042471937 ) : i know people who died of weed . 
  it turned in a meme : `` i know people who died of x '' but since i do n't surf much to other dutch sites , i do n't know if these are just memes on / r/thenetherlands or bigger . 
  edit : [ they have beaten us again !, 
  ] ( http://nordic.businessinsider.com/china-overcrowding-in-photos-2016-9/ ), 
  i speak a lot with international students . 
  they used to have a mandatory dutch course before the start of the year . 
  it was really tricky to speak dutch and get your point across . 
  but it has been scrapped , since most course are fully in english now . 
  it showed me , that if i wanted to make it easier for them to understand me , by speaking english or german ( most international students are german here ) i was n't helping them at all . 
  nowadays when i meet an international student , one of the first questions is if they are bothering to learn dutch or not . 
  if they want to , i switch to dutch otherwise i just keep speaking english ( or german ) . 
  it is really nice if you try to learn our language , but i get if if you wo n't bother . 
  i do n't mind . 
  but i find it a bit lackluster or lame ( i ca n't do n't know how to describe it better ) if you just speak one language .
