  relevant flair, 
  russia is a nuclear power and it 's in europe, 
  / r/chargeyourphone, 
   we get our own category american europe, 
  yeah growing ice is expensive, 
  i thought we were talking about fins not poles here ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/verdingkinder https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swabian_children, 
  filler just like in real life, 
  do you always talk like this ? 
  big spain , you little spain, 
   hitler was voted the `` greatest german '' that 'd be weird considering he was austrian, 
  you mean yugoslav inventor nikola tesla . 
   barbarossa i knew it , i knew the germans still thought barbarossa was a good thing ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  or brendan gleeson cuz he 's really cool, 
  he was, 
  at least cervantes was # 2 ... 
  i know right ? 
  should 've been enrique iglesias, 
  napole\u00f3n would win with our cold dead independent hands . 
  are you taling about famous croatian inventor nikola tesla ? 
  should 've been napoleon, 
  mannerheim 's picture looks like it was taken with a phone camera off a computer screen, 
   in the long run : ' ^ (, 
   well , ask to yourself which is the most spoken native european language and by how much  is n't spanish the second most natively spoken language in the world ? 
  hey stop stealing our memes, 
  i mean all the polish forces in the west were under british control, 
  as a mexican i do n't know how to feel about this comment, 
   that 's basically just the us , is n't it ? 
   no it happens in mexico too, 
  or mexicans and corona . 
  yeah , that 's what he said , austrian, 
  three kingdoms , at best, 
   icelandic music is more than just bj\u00f6rk no , there 's sigur ros too, 
  and moonboy for all i know, 
  without it we would n't have no thin red line, 
  it looks like a saul goodman commercial ... 
  and in the process tainted the name of one of the best bands ever, 
  looks like a windows xp wallpaper, 
  for now, 
  savage, 
  artyom you must get to polis, 
   the radioactive bears ftfy, 
  you 'd have to be good at sarcasm first chief, 
  we 've never stopped skinging mud , it 's just high quality mud now, 
  check his comment history , it 's pretty much classic / r/europe anti-british circlejerk ; i 'd take his comments with a grain of salt, 
  your comment contributes less than eastern european countries to the eu, 
  one newspaper in an opinion piece called britain the sick man of europe so therefore it must be true . 
   because the us has a proven track record of willingness to go around the world to fuck things up . 
  ftfy, 
  oh man i did n't know pis were acting in the interest of the president of peru ^ ^ / s, 
  * wants to be `` led '' by germany, 
  poor albania always gets forgotten, 
  wait , are we talking about russia or china here ? 
  me neither , if anything , one thing i 've heard from my brit friends is how ( fake ) polite latin americans are, 
  where do we fit in : v, 
  i think spanish has the advantage of being spoken in a * ton * of countries , including being the second most spoken language in the us, 
  our president has very poor english too , ha !, 
  also rajoy is pm of spain , no ? 
   in ukraine ftfy, 
  really ? 
  for me colored it actually looks less imposing, 
  do you happen to know what mexico is called in mandarin and what does it translate to ? 
  thanks !, 
  his ass, 
  as far as i know , nz has never denued nuclear-powered ships in their waters in dire circumstances before . 
  they 've only actually done it once :  in february 1985 , a port-visit request by the united states for the uss buchanan was refused by the new zealand government on the basis that the buchanan was capable of launching nuclear depth bombs . 
  same here in mexico , there are still a couple drinks like * huapilla * which are drank in plastic bags . 
   we get rid of them for good you should probably deal with the turks first mate, 
  i mean , i guess if you consider georgia rightful russian territory he was, 
  `` streets '' ( calles ) used to be a common surname in spanish , so i knew a couple streets named streets street ( calle calles ) . 
  i 'd put frederick the great or bismarck personally , though not quite ` german ' i guess . 
  i do n't know if i would put the wehrmacht as the gretest armed forces ever , maybe the most destructive . 
  if it 's prominent or outstanding stalin is definitely in the top 3 then , i guess, 
  as opposed to the completely altruistic dutch colonialism ? 
  cars 3 was alright, 
  * glares in spanish *, 
  negotiations on the falklands, 
  it 's canzuk, 
  neither of those violated another country 's sovereignty, 
  just because a lot of money rests on it does n't mean you should be violating countries ' sovereignty got a mexican flair . 
  better ? 
  or are you gon na try and ad hominem me too ? 
  last time someone tried to annex finland did n't go so well , just saying, 
  / u/citrus _ secession, 
  how about . -- ... . - - / - ... . 
  it 's really sad to see a great general like zhukov be so damn unknown, 
  just curious , hey french people , how do you feel about de gaulle ? 
  ... and a lifetime ban from the zoo ? 
   mexican love you too bby : *, 
  mexican flair , definitely have been asked several times what i 'm doing here, 
  you should tell your gypsy friends to stop robbing people, 
  it 's a quote from the guy ritchie movie snatch, 
  does spain even have tanks ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the mods said they were gon na remove it soon, 
  who says you ca n't wear a suit if you 're not a guy ? 
  lol, 
  i do n't have to ` zing ' you , you seem pretty tilted already sir, 
   i mean it 's incredibly ignorant and self-righteous . 
  ah , so it 's an american comment then, 
  we give other countries help ( including the us mind you ) , just not militarily and what 's wrong with being neutral,
