  those used in burritos ? 
  they are though . 
  was n't there some german chancellor who was so afraid of this happening he bought thousands of menthol cigarettes in preparation ? 
  what is poland taking away from lithuania ? 
  are you talking about reinhard heindrich ? 
  mfw the summer here it gets to 40 \u00b0 c +, 
  oh , are you kicking out denmark too ? 
  if it 's stupid but it works , it ai n't stupid, 
  geez , they even send mexicans to the gulag ? 
  an ukranian studio made the metro games , which are some of my favorite games of all time, 
  can actually confirm !, 
  my acestors lived in the united states until they were deported during the great depression just for being mexicans, 
  i see you are a mod of / r/scotland, 
   every party is tainted by being shite . 
  here you go mate, 
  sounds like the snp, 
  what do you think of churchill , may i ask ? 
  at least major did the lottery, 
  considering this election or their weird voting count system , i would n't put past the americans to reelect him at this point . 
  you guys can reelect him or just elect one of his asshole cabinet members . 
  i have absolutely no trust in the american electorate anymore . 
   tory philosophy oh my sweet summer child, 
  bless you, 
  all i see are different ways of saying serbs vs. serbs, 
   a country that can barely be called a regional power haha oh man , where do you guys get this stuff ? 
  and america 's soft power just got a huge decrease, 
  yeah , suez was basically the birth of america 's own imperialism, 
  oh man is this the deluded american version of `` she was asking for it '' ? 
  we do n't celebrate mardi gras in mexico either, 
  thank you, 
  do you have any sources for this ? 
  you 'll find a multitude of answers for this question because i believe the reasons have never been that clear . 
  well first , mexico was very much anti-fascist in international diplomacy , us being the only country to protest the anexation of austria by germany and ethiopia by italy at the league of nations , there were also historical ties , our sorta-socialist government empathizing with the republican cause in spain , our president comparing it to our own revolution just 20 years before , etc. 
  the color television , i guess . 
  we helped you out , sent arms and money , took a ton of refugees and the government in exile and we did n't even reestablish relations till 2 years after franco had died , we gotcha mate !, 
  hardly . 
  the bankruptcy brought in by wwi and the subsequent decolonization wave after wwii had way more to it . 
   there was a habsburg emperor in mexico and he got what was coming to him , 
  the siberian candidate, 
   scotland flair  only comment is complaining about brexit in a friendly thread checks out, 
  not sure if he personally wanted to be part of the war , but he agreed with churchill to take no part in it , which it 's different imo, 
   you should kiss american 's feet if they contributed to that it was churchill that saved greece from communism , not america, 
  i do n't know much about lithuanian/polish history , but was n't pilsudski considered a dictator ? 
   the most powerful continental military power you mean russia ? 
  actually i believe the uk support was what really made the final call on whether invading iraq or not , even if the rest of the world was against it . 
  swamp germans , same thing . 
  it 's never too late to start trying to lead !, 
  funny how the one who 's complaining about people being close minded is the one that 's being close minded himself right now , eh ? 
  swear to god there 's more variation between mexican spanish and chilean spanish than all those balkan `` different '' languages, 
   czech and slovakian are very similar . 
  i wonder why / s, 
  spain spanish is just kinda weird to me , haha . 
  i 've never seen that and i 'm mexican : /, 
  someone has been watching the crown ... 
  flair matches up, 
  i loove their first two albums but after that , eh ... 
  not since 1867 , i guess, 
  do n't worry , at this point if trump can win it kanye will smash it, 
  do n't you guys have the highest murder rate in the eu or something ? 
  yeah , why are we even talking about just some random suburb of st. petersburg like it 's a country of its own ? 
  ridiculous . 
  they did n't say that , you 're just spinning up the facts . 
  the us central bank ai n't forced to bail out or take care of ecuador just because they use the dollar . 
  same thing . 
  missed opportunity , estonia could have been eexit, 
  you mean he died ` at 57 ' ? 
  with 57 what ? 
  do n't worry i 'm sure kanye loves nato, 
  russia too, 
  join the pacific alliance plz , we need more members, 
   who has so many historically powerful neighbours in the world ? 
  no thanks, 
  4 to 500k is a hell of a range , woah, 
   now the fucking english have made this godawful decision more than a third of scottish voters also voted leave , but sure ` the english ', 
  you know , putting that user 's name in your post just ... does n't help haha, 
  then i speak to them in perfect spanish and they laugh at my accent :(, 
   the only english - speaking country left in the eu malta ? 
  well , they are not exactly wrong , though it 's poor taste . 
  are you forgetting 1914-1918 ? 
  what i mean is , i doubt trump will really do anything other than benefitting his billionare compadres really, 
  `` insane taxation regime ? 
  better do it away altogether for the rich ! '', 
  might not be okay but it is the reality . 
  at this point we could argue sematis and what-not , either way , a citizen 's vote should n't be worth more than another citizen 's vote , and at the end of the day , more people in the uk voted for leave than for remain . 
  well you see , you are constitutent part of a country and that 's how democracy works , some parts will vote more for one choice , some parts for the other choice but at the end of the day , it 's the total that counts, 
  was 11 \u00b0 c over here two days ago and just could n't stand being so damn cold, 
  i 'm pretty sure mexicans bathe more than europeans, 
  and 38 % of scottish voters , but we do n't talk about those now , do we ? 
  guadalajara was partitioned by prussia ? 
  damn, 
  was n't pilsudiski good ? 
  invading afghanistan made sense and most of the world supported it , but iraq was just a big fuck up, 
  * make less biased guesses . 
  what does heinz guderian have to do with this ? 
  of course , the usa is the lovechild of france 's hate for the uk after all, 
  are you moving out of the island of great britain then ? 
  oh dear god , who made this map ... 
  too bad it looks like renzi might have to quit, 
  i think the threat is not so much an open invasion , but something similar to ukraine , with the support of separatist movements and covert invasion by unmarked forces, 
  the russian empire was just as brutal and repressive as the soviets,
