  sounds more like a pro-putin pitch . 
  also does n't take account of countries which have been settled by european over time , like the whole of the americas , australia and new zealand . 
  piers moron , for when no other idiot will do . 
  this is n't really about the military it 's about giving a powerful corporation ( was eads now the airbus group ) more power , a greater market and bigger profits . 
  if this was n't the case then the proposed merger of bae and eads in 2012 would n't have been dropped under political pressure . 
  there was little co-operation then , and despite politico 's expressing how important it is , there 's unlikely to be any in the near future . 
  they probably are tbh . 
  i do n't feel represented by any level of governement , from local council to lords and beyond to the eup . 
  because not enough folk know the leningrad cowboys ... 
  that list does n't include the football war . 
  i apologise for not being clear enough . 
  sure . 
  in the uk he 's breached bail , and it was his choice and his alone to do that . 
  well governments make a business of selling nightmares based on lies , snowden addressed this with the truth not with a fresh set of oppositional lies . 
  no , but i do n't share the cultish enthusiasm for assange and i 'm an former wikileaks funder . 
  no offence but your latter phrase is much better than your former ... 
  if you want truth you do n't fight lies with lies , even the english saying of `` fighting fire with fire '' is a nonsense . 
  who 'd be impressed with the fire brigade turning up to your burning home and dousing it with petrol ? 
  it 's getting difficult to define whether that 's newspeak or doublethink ... 
  they 're charges under swedish law . 
  it 's wholly unreasonable for the authorities to treat any individual differently , especially by negotiation . 
  it 's the kind of condition someone might impose so as to be able to claim they would n't get a fair hearing . 
  do n't forget the third option , not caring . 
  he 's wanted for breaching bail conditions . 
  it is indeed sad . 
  a raft of comedy candidates with the least funny likely to win . 
   a strange combination of cowardice and greed that 's almost every uk government post-war . 
  i think it 's healthy dissent often taken as something worse ... except when it 's something worse of course . 
  referendums are seldom offered but rarely materialise . 
  like almost every other rich european ... 
  if he means u2 he 's got my vote . 
  `` holocaust industry '' anyone ? 
  very drole . 
  bloody best of luck to them . 
  i believe it 's more of a metaphor . 
  glad someone enjoys them . 
  it finally got completed , well almost ... https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/riot--4#home, 
  but think of the altitude . 
  unlike your compatriot above i 'd recommend farm work , typically picking something , end the summer with a body like adonis . 
  plenty of this work here in england , often via agencies or the farm it 's self like this : http://www.chandleranddunn.co.uk/fruit-picking-in-kent.asp or a mix : http://www.thanetearth.com/jobs.asp, 
  depends , where are you from ? 
  quite , as is it 's a vague and simplistic question . 
  what 's more worrying is how many have just gone `` sure ! '' . 
  i 'd prefer something more dramatic , like merkel wearing big ecb boots and stomping on the dreams of a million greeks , or berlusconi wearing a combination strap-on/flute and enticing a long line of ladies into the land of bunga-bunga , or farage facing a long lonely death and blaming it on the forrin each and every pain filled day . 
  that reminds me , i must keep going to those graphic design night classes . 
  reminds me of a school competition to find a design . 
  i wonder how much it cost ... 
  that 's the bugger . 
  it 's also how the media love to push stories from the fringes , so farage , choudary and galloway are firm faves seldom ignored despite representing tiny minority views . 
  quite , our parasites are th bankers , the city traders and their friends in the government . 
  where 's the drunk one ? 
  stop making sense . 
  stop being so hollish . 
  apologies for misunderstanding your point . 
  i disagree about it being solely on the coastal countries to enforce it . 
  if the principle is for illegal entry to disallow settlement it can be enforced anywhere as and when folk are discovered . 
  i imagine the autjorities in calais would be delighted to be able to apply such a rule on those trying to cross the channel . 
  no , but it 's not the overwhelming majority it might at first suggest . 
  apologies for not being clear enough , i was wittering on about the op . 
  you used none of them . 
  to bang on about romanians is a cliche which most of us recognise , to form an oppositional cliche about the uk does n't add anything . 
  no worries on my part i assure you , him being a pole is a detail and not a reason . 
  24 out of 73 on a 34 % turnout . 
  that 's 33 % of 34 % 0f the electorate , so 11 % - ish of the total electorate . 
  it 's aways dangerous to use generalisations , over-simplifications and siege mentality for complicated subjects . 
  it just plays into the game . 
  the uk is not always complaining , farage is . 
  every eu nation has idiots after all . 
  i go to calais about once a month and i know the situation there , the mayor blames the uk : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11504061/britain-to-blame-for-illegal-immigrant-crisis-says-calais-mayor.html and the sauvons calais group is lead by the never-delightful ex-fn kevin reche who claims not to be a fascist but coincidently happens to have a swastika tattoo : http://france3-regions.francetvinfo.fr/nord-pas-de-calais/2014/02/25/kevin-reche-porte-parole-du-collectif-sauvons-calais-accuse-de-sympathies-nazies-422109.html and there 's the ` support the calais to dover truckers ' group which includes bnp and a revived nf : http://www.kentonline.co.uk/dover/news/slow-start-to-port-of-24188/ but i do n't know a trucker who actually wants anything to do with them . 
  i just wanted the op to be more specific and perhaps discuss it further , esp . 
  as i 'm not convinced blaming an entire nation for it is either true or helpful . 
  of course this is not the only thing going on in calais : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/16/man-banned-convictions-france-calais-raped-killed-girl-9, 
  the eu does seem to sit on their hands over this and let nations suffer with no sign of relief . 
  when you decry france for calais what is it you mean ? 
  i imagine he knows a lot about modding , how it all works , and getting things like the nifty map in the sidebar to work and the like . 
  i 've no problem with a yank modding this group , nor neccessarily his actions . 
  however a lot of folk do , why do n't we have a public vote of confidence in the mod in question ? 
  i do like the idea of aetheists throwing folk on board ... `` stop all this nonsense ! '', 
  driven by your father ? 
  magical ... in that photo you both have drinks in your hands , how did you get home eh ? 
  these are not the droits you 're looking for . 
  some of us prefer a tongue with a warmer destination . 
  that 's akin to a football team being at the top of a league table , why if it was n't for all the other teams ... 
  i have a lot of cousins , one anglo-west indian and four who are anglo-indian . 
  spending time with them as a youngster we got to experience a fair amount of racism and being children it was bit of a shock especially as it 's pure nonsense from idiots who are convinced they 're right . 
  also had some experiences while with non-white friends and almost always from bikers or skinheads . 
  we had a basic strategy of ignoring it , but when the situation was right we had no qualms about fighting them . 
  this did tend to work , even an idiot realises they ca n't wander around hurling abuse when it results in a kicking . 
  this was in the 70 's and 80 's though so it was a very different time . 
  do n't live near an ikea then ? 
  no , any manipulation of the right to vote should be discouraged . 
  perhaps , in which case they 've buried it with their timing ... the day after a new government has been formed would have been a much better move i think . 
  i always wondered what the `` a '' in \u00c1vh stood for ... 
  it 's an important issue which is likely to be obfuscated should it become election fodder , with the likely beneficiaries being the anti-eu parties and with no real inconvenience nor embaressment to the governments behind the surveillance . 
  best of luck to them but i wish they 'd waited six weeks before kicking it off . 
  it 's likely to become election fodder . 
  not a bad idea , so long as posts without flair do n't get automatically deleted . 
  similarily there 's a great gallic passport checker at the port of calais , has a good look at your passport , a look at you followed by a `` well i suppose that 's who you are '' shrug . 
  the folk who will be happy to hear this are typically new labourites who want continued eu membership , or other pro-eu folk . 
  so it 's preaching to the converted .
