  no that 's a fallacious connection , as you probably know . 
  the first looks like humanist art and not a recording of an event , the last two are myths . 
  it 's a missed opportunity to leave these young girls blowing in the wind however joyful it is to imagine it . 
  if only a select few were brought back , placed in custody , made televised interviews , etc , the propaganda value would be immense . 
  it 's just the thing to stem the flow of european citizens down jahadi avenue . 
  of course the publishing of this story may be the end of them , whether it 's true or not . 
  possibly , but i 'm a supporter for a kurd state . 
  as you rightly assert this would lead to problems with turkey , iraq and iran , especially as they have sizable kurd minorities . 
  however i do think it might lead to the start of borders being more defined by the folk of the area , typically along ethnic or tribal divisions , rather than those they 've inherited from the west . 
  it is a very tough choice and one i think our governments are incapable of making , aside from popularism , as there 's no known and visible policy . 
  obama 's admin . 
  is incredibly opaque with this , sure the bush admin . 
  was unpopular but depts did have visible policies , obama seems to keep them all secret which does n't inspire confidence and often suggests they 're making it up as they go along . 
  and of course supporting assad would also likely produce another neo-is . 
   it is a perpetual circle of hell with no good choices . 
  very likely the most solid opinion any of us might have and more reliable than `` something must be done . '' . 
  that is a danger but i think their use of it reveals more than an effort by me to be pendantic . 
  it presents an anthropocentric fallacy which comes close to conceptually stripping groups of people of personhood , so i wondering what the ideology behind this might be . 
  i 'm truly not trying to be awkward , more interested and thinking aloud . 
  obviously both lecturers are intellectual so it is slightly sloppy language on their part . 
  no , south east england has no conception of politics . 
  it 's subjects perhaps . 
  left or right people sure , countries , any region by border , boundary , region or other inaminates no . 
  they 're right , iconic imagery has replaced actuality . 
  countries ca n't be defined as left or right wing . 
  it 's not applicable . 
  well that 's a guess too though . 
  even the police are guessing `` they were met on the steindamm road in the st. georg area by about 400 muslims who police said were probably salafists '' this is a ropey original source to begin with , and that so many are happy to take it 's claims at face value says more about the readership here than those on the streets of munich . 
  where 's it said ? 
  ramsgate has its own meridian line and mean time , which is 5 minutes 41 seconds ahead of greenwich mean time . 
  just because the 're turks does n't make them pro-is . 
  what does `` ban '' mean ? 
  no offence , but i would have thought that was obvious given how modern anti-air missiles function . 
  you deserve more than the single upvote i 'm permitted to give you for such a thorough and intelligent response . 
  i agree with you almost wholeheartedly , just a minor point about bringing results far worse than previously . 
  sometimes they 're merely just as bad as what went before . 
  like i said a minor point . 
  public opinion is so very fickle and politicians show weakness in pandering to it when it does n't matter and a similar weakness when they ignore it when it does . 
  blair 's government prior to the iraq war springs to mind . 
  typically there 's a few key events which enrage the public to declaring `` something must be done '' , without there being much thought to what might work or even if anything can be done , and often too late to be effective . 
  with isis it seems to have been driven by beheadings of westerners , which is horrific enough , but that 's just the current horror in a three year long horror show . 
  there was only slight concern about any of that and to the dismay of the syrian public . 
  a good example of the public 's lack of thought when it come to military deployment , or not , is the recent uk sending 750 troops to sierra leone to help in the ebola crisis . 
  on reddit this has typically been decried as nonsense , despite medecins sans frontiers wanting it and more from other nations . 
  it 's almost as if thinking and reading about an issue is a filthy revolutionary act , whereas making a snap comment is what they crave . 
  one of the timely involvements would have been supplying the kurds with weaponry . 
  as far as i can remember they 've been asking for that since around '91 and have yet to have been given any serious armaments . 
  it reminds me a little of the arab revolt 1916-18 where britain was happy to supply small arms but wary of giving them anything bigger despite it being exactly what was called for . 
  i believe supporting involved elements makes more sense than direct deployment . 
  as it is we see a line of turkish tanks sitting watching isis attack kobane , while killing protesting kurds within turkey . 
  there 's a lot to suggest , despite turkey 's pr , that turkey are actually collaborating with isis . 
  not least with all the fuel being brought across their border . 
  i was lucky enough to meet a few libyans recently and the most pragmatic of them said he preferred having gadaffi around , even though he loathed him . 
  sure they had little freedom but it was relatively safe to go about their business and fewer people were killed on a daily basis . 
  most of my compatriots saw this as unacceptable , even though effectively it was none of their business . 
  it 's an interesting idea . 
  europe has lived alongside dictatorships without too much trouble , franco 's spain , the greek regime of the colonels spring to mind . 
  same for africa , gaddafi until recently , mugabe still going strong . 
  many further afield and often with western support , pinochet springs to mind . 
  do you think there 's a hint of new-colonialism to trying to impose democracy in distasteful foreign states ? 
  typically we 've evolved to that and often over quite a long time . 
  dreadful question from within a bubble ? 
  any idea of the isolation capacity in the uk ? 
  so isolation is n't necessary ? 
  merci . 
  i found this one . 
  probably not , especially as you hail from a land of great cinema and netflix specialises in films you do n't really want to watch . 
  do you have a link for this ? 
  cholula is my favourite chilli sauce . 
  you should have tried england ... actually i 've just realised my honesty was n't the smartest expression , i might have convinced you to get the rcaf to airdrop bottles all over the uk to try and convince us . 
  do you ? 
  i saw a bbc report which reported on the uk capacity , a whopping two beds at the royal free . 
  google it , it 's an outdated mess and as such has n't been really been used much . 
  six convictions in the last one hundred years , the last two in the 80 's with time served of four and fourteen years . 
  none for terrorism during the troubles . 
  there 's plenty of anti-terrorism laws which cover radical jihadi activities . 
  cries of treason are all well and good but they 're just roars of outrage , and as such impotent . 
  i was lucky enough to travel to the ddr so i do n't need it explaining . 
   i 'm not sure it was the worst police state `` evar ! '', 
  but wherever it places in the league table they 're all bad news are n't they ? 
  happy independence day !, 
  i believe he 's referring to internet monitoring . 
  i got married on the 3rd sept. . another easy one to remember . 
  ahhh , so now the planes run on time . 
  the big deal is political masters protecting their interests . 
  i doubt many would take this opinion in the op seriously . 
  perhaps it 's the start of the scaremongering the scots had to endure . 
  amazing ... 
  for uk citizens it 's would be the uk legal definition of it . 
  it 's antiquated and originally involved doing or plotting to do nasty things to the royals . 
  there 's more applicable terrorism laws tbh . 
  i agree , but also with more haste . 
  the rest of the world has typically sat on it 's hands , for three years with events in syria and decades with israel . 
  then you misunderstand the definition . 
  i 'd suggest reading up on the charges which can be laid under uk law for treason , they do n't tend to make it up as they go along ... 
  no it is n't . 
  it 'd be hard to find exactly which form of treason could even possibly be applied , and there would have to be a trial which found the accused guilty . 
  slight detail . 
  it 's not really about truth though is it ? 
  it 's about emotive outbursts , drama and various other foibles borne of the desire to be able to browse the news on the web or on the television and feel a little bit better about everything .
