  so it 's not all bad then . 
  i like the people . 
  i dislike the seemingly endless bid to conform to a vision of europe which does n't exist . 
  there 's a drive for power here beyond the inherent ability . 
  very good . 
  thanks . 
  nothing makes me think that , which is why i did n't suggest it . 
  you claimed `` the schenger borders are only open for schengen citizens . 
  '' , this clearly not the case . 
  non-schengen citizens seem to have no problems crossing them . 
  as it should be , but i imagine it wo n't happen . 
  was n't it the poles sharing their mathematic approach when bp was still using a linguistic one key to turing building a bombe ? 
  does she have a pulse ? 
  i always feel something for german girls ... 
   today , the thing that actually annoys me the most is the often very simplified narrative . 
  nazis are represented as the ultimate evil . 
  superhumanly bad . 
  hitler was worse than the devil etc , and btw. , the us are the greatest country ever , for beating the nazis single-handedly . 
  this is an insightful opinion which i have to admit i share , and thankfully we 're not the only two who think this way . 
  in the face of a newer and bigger enemy in the shape of the ussr it was vital for western europe and the us to form a strong alliance . 
  part of this was to turn ww2 into the simplistic crusade you describe , good versus evil , part was to rebuild west germany quickly and part was `` denazification '' which gave the usa complete control of german media and included banning and destroying thousands of books in an act no different in principle from nazi book burnings . 
  the first is barely known of , and who has ever seen footage of it ? 
  the latter is well known and almost promoted as an example of barbarism . 
  publications critical of the extremes of allied occupation were banned . 
  the rest of the denazification scheme , aside from the physical removal of symbols , etc , became an exercise in generating paperwork and quickly descended to corruption and incompetence . 
  german 's nicknamed it ` persil-scheine ' . 
  this very good documentary may be of interest : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xom6-1swl4, 
  article neglects to make any mention of the poles , misrecording the history as i see it . 
  do n't the germans have the monopoly on that ? 
  how is it anti-eu ? 
  that should be `` europe has lost the confidence of young greeks '' . 
  misjudgement on the scot 's referendum , but nick cohen will be overjoyed to find he 's the voice of youth . 
  there used to be an oft repeating saying in fleet street `` get it in the headline , get it in the first line and get it in pictures . '', 
  this does n't manage any of those ... 
  i did wonder why kebab tasted so nice . 
  it 's the global exportation of this kind of gibberish which paints yanks as ignorant , shame on you . 
  europe has integrated immigrants longer than there 's been a usa . 
  both europe and the usa have their far-right , why are you concentrating on it in europe and not in the usa ? 
  cannabis ? 
  so what ? 
  tolerance is patronising , we 'd typically prefer equality . 
  half of europe has gay marriage or civil union , the first three nations to recognise same sex marriage were european , and plenty more european nations legalised it before the usa , where it still faces legal challenges . 
  seen detroit lately ? 
  which immigration issues did you personally see when you went to those european cities ? 
  sure their plane has double the range of the airbus one at a third of the price . 
  quite , tiny company versus the might of one of germany 's biggest egged on by airbus - does n't sound hopeful . 
  more here from pipistrel : http://www.pipistrel.si/news/electric-crosschannel-flight-official-statement, 
  thanks for making the effort with that , much appreciated . 
  despicable behaviour . 
  if it was n't for the french territories there would n't be a border between france and the nederlands . 
  it 's not a bad idea , but as you say it does n't match with what 's possible . 
  i 'm surprised that piece did n't include the word `` butthurt '' ... 
  an integrated eu military is a dreadful idea which i imagine is borne more of power hungry politicos than any other reason . 
  the slogan '' `` more defence for less money '' is little more than an effort to make a bad concept appear more reasonable than it ever would be . 
  the cost of retraining troops across the eu to identical kit would be enormous , for a uk infantry man the training cost is approx . 
  # 34k , while a fast jet pilot is around # 4m . 
  the member states have around 1.6 m military personel , all of which would require retraining of some kind . 
  this is in addition to the costs involved in integrating the 27 hqs the eu has , along with their different logistical concepts . 
  this is an extension of the athena mechanism , and that has never worked well . 
  member states meeting their agreed targets has been abysmal , it consistantly underfunds and under staffs missions . 
  operation althea ( bosnia ) struggled to provide 1200 of the planned 2200 troops , operation atalanta ( anti-piracy ) went a ship short and the eu mission in uganda training soldiers for somalia could not deliver a single medical officer across the eu to care for the trainers . 
  there 's also a shortfall in deployment ability , conscripts are n't well trained enough for missions abroad , regulars across all states lack a common tongue to be able to take part in operations ( this is as true with nato missions as eu ones ) , a large amount of equipment is n't upgraded enough to work abroad and many nations lack entire categories of weaponry . 
  the effectiveness of eu forces needs to be increased , and it can be done via an improvement of athena , but rather than doing that quite sensible step the idea now is for a central budget and command to bolster an ineffective , inefficient and uneconomic system . 
  basically we 're being offered an alternate poor way of doing things but cheaper . 
  it 's institution building for it 's own sake , especially as the eu is not a defence organisation . 
  here 's the road plan , it 's in english and en francais , it 's a sales pitch for the worst snake oil you 'll ever be offered : https://aldeadle.app.box.com/s/fd5m7rbdy5potp60emcoqv80edgtvnik, 
  the eu are currently in mali , via eutm mali , and were in congo via eufor rd congo in '06 and previously via artemis/drc in '03 as well as two civilian missions eupol kinshasa ' 05 - '07 and eupol rd congo ' 07 - ' 14 . 
  the eu were also in car via eufor tchad rca '08 - '09 and eufor rca in ' 14 . 
  and from beyond of course : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_security_assistance_force#contributing_nations, 
  there 's neo-nazis across the whole of europe , but there 's more anti-fascists every time they raise their ugly little heads . 
  no problem with those in the uk , at the war & peace show they have displays of around 500 privately owned vehicles from all periods and of all sizes . 
  they 're not cheap either , a ww2 willys jeep will cost you around # 15-20k . 
  the man 's obviously an enthusiast , worrying about his mental state is just patronising . 
  have a look , you might find something you like : http://www.milweb.net/classifieds.php?type=1, 
  plenty of folk own tanks , so i agree he should be allowed to keep it . 
  why should the military have all the fun ? 
  for someone with nothing else to say you keep on typing , although i imagine it 's not typing like typing it 's something unrelated , just like germany is n't germany . 
  when you claim turkish i can only assume you also mean not turkish , and alanya not in turkey etc. 
  ahhh seeking victimhood now , magical . 
  you off to go and pick on some turks now then ? 
  no denial on my part , as previously stated , especially not the disappeared nation , oh no we 've never done anything even vaguely sinister , questions are fine but i 'm uncomfortable with answers , it 's the history of someone else not us style you exhibit so keenly . 
  thanks for the pointlessly wordy and patronising reply , i 'll leave you to continue your nation 's fine tradition of denial . 
  hmmm a german state agency , staffed by germans in germany not really german at all eh ? 
  were germany to invade france tomorrow would you claim that 's the first time that 's ever happened ? 
  how is the ddr nothing to do with the frg ? 
  did it just vanish ? 
  all the people disappear ? 
  the frg never was a successor state was it ? 
  logic ? 
  historic revisionism more like . 
  you 're not discussing anything you 're jumping tracks to suggest how german history is n't german history , and has nothing to do with germany at all and suggesting wild comparisons with unconnected events or places . 
  the uk has a history of doing dreadful things which i 'd put my hand up to , i 'd not deny it or be an apologist for it . 
  not sure why you might want to . 
  get over it . 
  spike milligan famously became an irish citizen after being told he was n't british . 
  it 's means a type of germany , germany but not as we might know it , but you 're feigning ignorance to be semantic . 
  i know many germans enjoy playing the high and mighty , our shit does n't stink , etc , but revising history to suit your needs and denying any connection with anything unpleasant in your past does n't really wash . 
  i know all those rather obvious points not least from having been there . 
  it was germany , of a kind , with a population of germans , etc , and a policy of spying on the west , and it ; s own people of course . 
  long-winded platitude .
