  and those who do have an opinion are n't as clearly defined as you might think , it could just as easily be a brit of indian descent as a col. blimp charactor . 
  very poor , and mistimed ... a must try harder from me . 
  bleeding germans coming over here telling farage what to do ...  typo on the torygraph ? 
  '' ... those claims about racisim ... '' . 
  i now tend to use reddit groups like this , which often not only highlight stories but also different sources for them . 
  it 's only after you read the same story from different outlets do you get a firmer picture of the actuality . 
  the source which i trust most is the fortnightly `` private eye '' . 
  that 's rich coming from blair . 
  fair enough . 
  i think it does have to recognised how disconnected a lot of folk are from the political classes and how little faith they have in the system as a whole . 
  i put the responsibility for that with the politicos , especially when reasonable concerns and protests are ignored and the only thing which shakes them up is a strong sweep towards a nutter party . 
  for many world war ii was started by the japanese invasions of china in the 1930 's . 
  ukip is n't far right in any meaningful sense , and getting hysterical about it - `` war , poverty and political instability '' - does n't help . 
  their victory was effectively brought about by gaining the support of less than 10 % of the uk electorate . 
  it 's a message of what is to come in as much as there will be more voter apathy , over reaction to that , wringing of hands , etc. 
  patronising them is probably the best motivation ... 
  interesting stuff , thanks . 
  get wallander to sort it out . 
  someone unable to attend hence not invited is victim shocker ... 
  in 2010 it was 65.1 % . 
  there was a poll last week , i forget where , which indicated a third of respondents did n't know there was an election on thursday past . 
  just under 10 % of the electorate gave ukip their euro-win leading to the doom sayers coming out , wringing of hands , gnashing of teeth , etc. . . 
  oh a fifth columnist eh ? 
  let us know when you 're next flying to europe so we can report you to the authorities for being an extremist ... 
  bit of a non-story as i see . 
  idiot in field with other idiots does n't break the law doing something which is n't illegal ... 
   or when someone misspells a wor ? 
  drole . 
   fair enough . 
  i 'm not concerned with your underlying sentiment , as it 's admirable . 
  if you want to protest then actually go and protest , although resistance might work better . 
  online activism is worthless other than a self-conscious salve as it 's just words . 
  you 're in danger of thinking you 're really doing something and there 's your guarantee of nothing changing . 
  talk remains cheap . 
  so what ? 
  are you genuinely surprised by any of them ? 
  if you think typing on reddit will change anything you 're fooling only one person . 
  you might have missed this with an overdose of smugness . 
  why not go out and actually do something positive ? 
  it 's what i do . 
  enjoy away there 's a plethora of it . 
  if you 're going to engage with everything you do n't agree with you 're probably wasting your time , especially if you suggest everyone else should join in . 
  happy to have anyone voice their opinion in an environment of free-speech , which includes the objectionable . 
  i 'm also happy to ignore it should i choose to . 
  apologies , `` down from london '' , typically bought a second home in a pleasant enough little town and then spend most of their time there either trying to make it more like london , or other general twattery . 
  i know of one dfl couple who sold up after 3 months because they could n't find anywhere to buy a `` decent coffee '' ... 
  we have quite a few tourists around our area in kent and we 're glad to see them . 
  they come from all over the world . 
  we tend to dislike the dfl 's instead . 
  british police are more dedicated than other nation 's cops . 
  if ours want to kill someone they have to kick them to death . 
  that reminds me ... 
  i forgot to buy bananas !, 
  you 're taking it a trifle too seriously ... it 's a reflection of the unhinged claims made against muslims by typically right wing idiots ... remember muslemic ray guns ? 
   set up a boycott of deutsche bank with a nice website explaining exactly what 's going on . 
  during the years of protest against apartheid an alternative strategy was used against barclays , where folk were encouraged to open an account and reduce the balance down to a single pound and never use it again . 
  the costs to barclays in maintaining these accounts soon proved greater than the profit . 
  this deserves a decent bbc documentary . 
  i 'm sceptical of everything other than friends and family , and the eu is no exception . 
  it 's interesting to see folk say what eurosceptics want or do n't want which might put off other sceptics from expression . 
  my main concern is that the eu is simply `` more of the same . '', 
  it 's an expansion of the political classes , their powers and lack of representation . 
  this is n't unique to the eu . 
  my interests are not seriously represented by my town council , borough council , county council , the house of commons , the house of lords , nor the queen , and it 's likely they never will be . 
  why would i want another tier of periodic democracy manned by liars , corporate shills and the corrupt ? 
  i also do n't like the quasi-mystical nature of support many express regarding the eu the `` we 're progressive , it 's too intellectual for you to comprehend , you 're a nationalist , etc , etc. '', 
  and the undue credit laid on the eu altar , such as delivering european peace for decades while conveniently forgetting the former yugoslavia , the troubles and basque seperatism . 
  there is a reason why say germany , france and britain wo n't be fighting any wars for a good while and that 's simply because we , me and you , would n't do it any more . 
  ripe with misunderstandings as reddit can get let me be perfectly clear that bigotry plays no part of my opinion . 
  i 'd expand upon that , but choose not to for it might sound too much like `` some of my best friends are black . '' ... 
  bloody good question though . 
  did you get lost ? 
  they hide their competence well . 
   this is a war crime . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  now i can collect my cia paycheck ... 
  knowing the language was never their strongpoint though was it ? 
  they usually just tacked an interpreter on the side . 
  these rumours started a couple of months ago , keep up german gossip mongers !, 
  i have n't read that comic . 
  blackwater was renamed academi a few years back because it 's reputation had become so tarnished . 
  they effectively bought off the charges against them with a $ 7.5 m `` fine '' . 
  do n't be a dick to our osti cousins . 
  they were arrested for protesting ? 
  if you do n't understand what 's going on perhaps wait until you do before bothering to vote . 
  `` but the swiss will only understand this after a traumatic experience . 
  that 's how a person - or a nation - grows up . '', 
  how delightfully patronising ... 
  `` europe means no more war ... '' really ? 
  thanks for the illumination . 
  thanks for the illumination , which option do you think you 'll take ? 
  me too . 
  i having a sneaking suspicion that where in/out referendums would have resulted with an `` in '' result years ago , so much mud has been slung , anti-eu feeling has grown , etc , that these proposed referendums have been lost by poor politicking by those in power ... 
  you get two votes ? 
  this will give our indian cousins a giggle . 
  being the world 's largest democracy , and doing it all manually they adore it when the `` advanced '' west gets it wrong . 
  this survey may well be tempered by the share of the vote anti-eu parties gather in the forthcoming elections . 
  i think you 'll find the mainland europeans here are too smart to accept that question as it stands . 
  good luck . 
  just to illuminate , and in no way condone , this is a kneejerk reaction to increase the governments ability to deport terrorist suspects and , in part , circumnavigate the echr .
