  well we have a well established rivalry with the french , who enjoy it as much as we do , can give as good as they get , etc , but it 's not paricularly serious . 
  as for getting on with folk why not ? 
  it 's typically only the rabid nationalists who cling to stereotypes . 
  the druggy stuff ? 
  well there 's plenty of time to catch up . 
  i also fully support the catalan folk in their endeavours . 
  could you link to three of these media articles you mention ? 
  we 're number one !, 
  we 're number . . etc. 
  got bored with that quite quickly tbh . 
  yeah i 'd go for liechtenstein too , simply because they 're so small they 'll not manage much of a defence . 
  i say we split it in half , aldi to the west , lidl to the east and the biggest car park in europe . 
  probably because you are though ... 
  it brings a tear of pride to my eye each and every time . 
  i 'd suggest southern germany or austria for both christmas markets and a krampuslauf or two . 
  i 'd disagree with you on the latter , i 'd say it 's a drunk fat bird sitting on the pavement sobbing while shouting `` darren i love you ! '' '', 
  i like the protests and riots outside . 
  i do n't disrespect tourists so they 're fine as they are . 
  it 's interesting that you only think it 's your business once there 's refugees crossing your border , i think this might be part of the problem . 
  over five years in and europe 's involvement is effectively limited to taking in refugees , with the us , russia and iran involved to a much greater degree - and turkey actively profiting . 
  i suppose we should be grateful we 're not directly adding to the suffering , but i ca n't help thinking we 're not doing as much as we might . 
  quite , it also has the negative side effect of limiting speech , words should n't be policed or forbidden . 
  proper french bread - baguettes elsewhere do n't taste the same - find it in france which is about 30 miles away so it 's a rare treat as it 's the other side of the channel . 
  like a bag of spanners you found in a canal . 
  sure , we never got to see it being acted - it was always a few lines spoken aloud by a bored classmate followed by over explanation by the master . 
  probably the worst form of systematic torture they had on offer , and they had a few - but you went to public school so you probably already knew that . 
  i find them agreeable in principle , mainly because i loathe bad manners , however it does make it harder to spot the arseholes . 
  i remember the days before such laws , and there was plenty of abuse , typically towards minorities , but you knew where you stood . 
  nowadays smarter idiots frame their words into more acceptable speech , but it makes harder to see what their actual agenda might be ... 
   oh dear god , it took me 20 years to enjoy shakespeare after that never got over the trauma myself - came to a crescendo with double eng . 
  lit - a hour and twenty on romeo and juliet so heavy on the intepretation we managed a whole two and a half pages - never been back ... 
  thanks . 
  i 'm genuinely not trying to be offensive , it 's more an expression of disappointment at someone from a country i have great respect for . 
  it 's akin to , say , meeting lars von trier and concluding he 's a bit of a dick . 
  brexit school of charm fella . 
  well it was more `` in asking this question you project a suggestion that you may fall in to the lowest intelligence quota in your generally well-educated country . '' . 
  had i wanted to say `` you 're pretty stupid , no offence . '', 
  i would have done kerel . 
  tea and toast . 
  you come across as pretty thick for a dane , no offence . 
  if the issue is portrayed as being all about displaced persons , or attitudes and policies towards them does it distract from the reasons there are displaced people ? 
  if there were a spate of arson attacks in your locale and the reporting was all about how quickly the firefighters responded , how effectively they dealt with the fire , how much they did n't manage to save , etc it would effectively give the arsonist a free ride would n't it ? 
  well germany runs a healthy surplus , has the largest shareholding in the ecb and has a lot of clout with the imf so i imagine journalists want to hear opinions from those who have most control over the pursestrings . 
  this is n't just true of the eu though , serbia and mecedonia were told to open their borders to misplaced persons , did n't go too well but they 'd quite like eu membership so a show of willingness is seen as helpful . 
  i would n't take anything posted in r/wurldnoos seriously . 
  bmw , mercedes , audi and vw might disagree with you . 
  surely this is n't true if they go to the real scotland though ? 
  small selective quotes from large books can be used to support just about any idea : deuteronomy 32:39 , '' ... there is no god ... '' 1 kings 8:23 , '' ... there is no god ... '' 2 kings 1:16 , '' ... there is no god ... '' 2 kings 5:15 , '' ... there is no god ... 2 chronicles 6:14 , '' ... there is no god ... '' psalms 14:1 , '' ... there is no god ... '' psalms 53:1 , '' ... there is no god ... '' isaiah 43:10 , '' ... there was no god ... '' isaiah 44:6 , '' ... there is no god . '', 
  isaiah 44:8 , '' ... there is no god ... '' isaiah 45:5 , '' ... there is no god ... '' isaiah 45:14 , '' ... there is no god . '', 
  isaiah 45:21 , '' ... there is no god ... '' therefore ... 
  makes sense for folk to visit such a beautiful country , whoever they are . 
   bombarded with fear mongering news opposed to extremely nonchalant approaches to the migrant crisis . 
  do you think this might be a concerted effort to distract from the causes behind conflicts in the middle east ? 
  to me it seems far too drawn out , and over reported in the uk . 
  the worst that 'll happen here would likely be a drive by shouting . 
  sure , i 've only come close to a terrorist incident once in the uk , the day after courtesy of the ira . 
  in two months in sri lanka i was very close to four incidents . 
  were you considering moving to pakistan , afghanistan or iraq , then you should worry - everywhere in europe is as quite as a library in comparison . 
  if you 'd like to fit in 99.9 % from getting off the plane on day one come to england dost . 
  sure . 
  here there 's been the occassional harsh words , a bit of grafitti and a few half-arsed arson attacks on mosques in the dead of night - done by bigots who would do that kind of thing anyway but who get media attention for their timing alone which i imagine they perversely enjoy . 
  i think the worst that would be likely to happen to you would be a drive-by shouting . 
   i 've been only vaguely close to terrorist activity in the uk in decades , courtesy of the ira , in passing the site of a bombing on the following day . 
  abroad , in sri lanka , i was very close to four incidents back in the 80 's . 
  were you considering moving to pakistan , afghanistan , iraq , or similar then you should worry . 
  if you really want to fit in 99.9 % from getting off the plane on day one come to england dost . 
   if there 's a race war brewing ... 
  there 's more likely to be a race war in the states brother . 
  although that 's only a consideration if you follow the direction the media suggests . 
  arabic . 
  the french and german banks . 
  banana curry is superb , a dish from kerala , india . 
  they 're one of the big banana producers of india so they have quite a few banana recipes - yet to find a bad one tbh . 
  i live in a house built in 1849 , relatively modern for us , the previous was a 1815 modernisation of a 1734 build and the one before that 1799 . 
  it 's very sunny at the moment so i 've been outside rather than in , although i might have inadvertantly wandered into a pub established in 1773 but it 's had two rebuilds since then ... http://pubshistory.com/kentpubs/ramsgate/queensheadinn.shtml, 
  i see your 188 and raise you 2,745 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/16/turkey-coup-president-erdogan-says-military-elements-guilty-of-t/, 
  dunno , there have been quite a few frivolous petitions , they tend to be deleted after just a few hours . 
  my personal fave was the one demanding a rematch of the battle of hastings . 
  it 's an exaggeration , it 's typically been a massive positive . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  `` the british government has voted against eu laws 2 % of the time since 1999 official eu voting records * show that the british government has voted ` no ' to laws passed at eu level on 56 occasions , abstained 70 times , and voted ` yes ' 2,466 times since 1999 , according to uk in a changing europe fellows sara hagemann and simon hix . 
  in other words , uk ministers were on the `` winning side '' 95 % of the time , abstained 3 % of the time , and were on the losing side 2 % . '', 
  via : https://fullfact.org/europe/eu-facts-behind-claims-uk-influence/ could you give examples of the supposed `` sabotage '' ? 
   the same as was possible as before . 
  what very little to none ? 
  there used to be an acronym in the british army `` foatty '' , the last bit being ... and tell the yanks . 
  in a pub at lunchtime very unlikely , in a pub or club on a busy weekend night very likely . 
  there 's even less chance of buying alcohol in prison . 
  if only ... http://storage0.dms.mpinteractiv.ro/media/401/341/5556/9829001/9/ipatiev.jpg, 
  the royal family . 
  oh okay , the reality is n't as much fun as the fantasy though ... 
  praise the lord !, 
  the same as everyone else . 
  i 've seen one naked , and yes they are . 
  the arc de triomphe is made out of soap ? 
  this exactly . 
  well said . 
  for the vast majority of us everyone is just another person , no better , no worse . 
  for our black and brown cousins we also recognise they 've been historically treated poorly and it 's time that ended . 
  although in the uk i have to comment .
