  it did n't sound insulting to me , more passionate and who can be insulted by the honesty of passion ? 
  learning from something is n't at odds with something being overemphasised . 
  that 's because it 's become mythologised with slight variations on the theme of good vs evil . 
  i know , i had both grandfathers serve in n.africa and one went on to burma . 
  this is n't about immigration per se ... please stop burying every story . 
  quite but they do seem to get off rather lightly , they 're not mentioned half as much as anyone else in the reportage or debate . 
  same here , it did have it 's charm - if you could leave . 
  i remember streets full of parked trabis but never saw one being driven . 
  the only traffic was trams and the occassional army/police jeep . 
  digitally raided would be if the raid was online - is this what you meant ? 
  you should claim the ddr , it was after all a very foreign land . 
  uk spain - under franco france belgium nederlands west germany east germany germany switzerland soviet russia my favourite places to travel to are typically further away , or the parts of england which are even further abroad ... 
  lovely . 
  put it in the language of wherever you 're applying . 
  calais . 
  we could all camp and confuse the hell out of the collected media . 
  but the only thing i could say with absolute certainty about all the folk from the sunshine county of connacht is they 're from connacht . 
  quite , the only thing you can ever definitely say about a collective singularity is that it 's the very same . 
  that 's magical . 
  a good point well put . 
   alien : resurrection well it would n't be , it was made by jean-pierre jeunet . 
  it was indeed , and ? 
  fingers crossed . 
  i think if you balance `` 5th element '' with `` lucy '' his account comes out positive . 
  not quite you 're suggesting the adjective , but here it 's being used as a noun . 
  i think it originates from the accompanying noise , from radio static . 
  fyi had you seen this ? 
  https://en.reddit.com/r/topmindsofreddit/comments/3flmcm/racist_top_minds_of_reuropean_praise_man_caught/ctq0pe1?context=3 there was a little confusion about the subreddit involved , but nice to see their lunacy does n't go unremarked . 
  i am / u/specsaversgaza !, 
  radio four is about the only radio station i ever listen to , bar the drama , aside from the french stations i can get being on the chennel coast . 
  thanks for the suggestion though . 
  thanks . 
  i think i prefer the specific and obscure to the cleb/twitter stuff . 
  i 'd rather see something i do n't know about and might like than something i 'm not vaguely interested in , as per your example . 
  see i do like a bit of culture too , occasionally f24 does similar and it 's events i 'd never have heard of otherwise . 
  auntie does n't really do culture ... well not like she did . 
  just it 's production values , a lot of the vos sound a touch amateur . 
  thanks . 
  excellent . 
  thanks . 
  the dw one looks good , i 'm not sure about euronews it seems quite low budget . 
  if we 're including inventions , do n't forget how we created time . 
  it 's disappointing to discover a thick nederlander . 
  you did n't make it clear enough . 
  it 's stretching it to claim the yoghurt weavers of the grauniad represent the entirity of the english . 
  this is tremendously late and a little off-target . 
  the policing was the problem behind the nsu . 
  how many times have you heard of police finding pipe-bombs and concluding that this posed no significant threat ? 
  or blaming murders on turkish gangsters without any hard evidence ? 
  taking a walk along the cycle lanes , the hollish love that . 
  nowt to do with the english , austrian company , russian event - you may as well blame the jews . 
  the nearby camp is nicknamed `` the jungle '' . 
  mega threads kill stories , makes specific stories difficult to follow and merges the unmerged . 
  it 's like a four course meal mixed into one big bowl . 
  quite , mega threads tend to bury stories . 
  `` this is calais ! '', 
  does n't have quite the same ring to it ... 
  putin now nuclear grade troll . 
  piss-poor . 
  he is that . 
  no one accused anyone of any such thing . 
  that 's exactly the point i was making which he 's decided to ignore . 
  aka spread the fire to the house to save the burning barn . 
  no i answered a question in the same manner as / u/visvis did when he wrongly associated support for protest as support for illegality . 
  will you similarily pick him up for that ? 
  you 've avoided the question . 
  thanks for the illumination . 
  you support the protection of powerful paedophiles ? 
  no , i did n't and no i 'm not . 
  you have a weaker grip on english than many of your compatriots . 
  supporting legal protest is not an expression of support for illegal activity , just as supporting public transport systems does not support any illegal activity which might take place on those systems . 
  protests regularly block roads , as do demonstrations . 
  destroying goods is n't legal , surprised i had to point that out for you . 
  of course being french they would have been fussy eaters . 
  who suggested they should ? 
  of course , they should be legal . 
  alexander lebedev , it 's not a murdoch title . 
  alexander lebedev , it 's not a murdoch title . 
  cousin , the problem here is n't between the workers of this or that state , it 's between the workers and those who 've created a system whereby workers find themselves being shafted and solely for the benefit of corporations , and without any unified way to address it . 
  i 'd be happier to see farmers take a unified stance across europe , but until then i 'll support every protest no matter how piecemeal it is . 
  they have a right to protest , and i support them in exercising that right just as i supported spanish farmers when they protested eu sanctions against russia . 
  erdogan 's concern is kurds rather than daesh ... http://www.todayszaman.com/anasayfa_govt-alleged-to-have-released-35-suspected-al-qaeda-militants_367816.html http://europe.newsweek.com/isis-and-turkey-cooperate-destroy-kurds-former-isis-member-reveals-turkish-282920 http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/12102014, 
   the kurds = / = pkk . 
  saying that is pure racism . 
  as mistaken as it may be it does n't equate to `` pure racism '' . 
  the best of luck to them . 
  surely belgian institutions discriminating against dutch students is illegal ? 
  neat americanism , you live near a base ? 
  a brit based in corfu . 
  `` run by local worker silvar laidlow ... '' https://www.facebook.com/silvarlaidlow, 
  why should there be a sharing of illegality ? 
  it 's akin to suggesting targets for law-breaking across the eu . 
  i 'm glad an englishman did n't make this point . 
  poland : a short film about killing germany : baader meinhof complex spain : the phone box france : city of lost children finland : leningrad cowboys go america !, 
  patronising at best , you have the magical inside track , no-one can decode media as well as you , every other nation 's media is perfect , blah , blah . 
  you 're deluded , or perhaps i should only read media owned by berlusconi because that 's nothing but factual , eh ? 
  ahhh the free press is to blame , but only when it 's disagreed with . 
  this is just as ineffective an approach . 
  that 's different from what was said in the comment i replied to ... 
  so askmealmostanything ?
