  i live in a seaside town with a fair amount of tourists , they have always been and will continue to be most welcome . 
  we are honoured that they might visit our humble town , and return visitors will notice no visible change in either the environment or in us . 
  i still talk to every tourist i encounter , i welcome them to my town ( always painful with the french of course ) , and express a trust that everyone has been polite to them . 
  in their turn they 're delighted to be welcomed , amused by my poor use of their language should i know any , and have never experienced unpleasantness . 
  we do suffer some idiot compatriots , like any nation , but it has n't tainted the country . 
  who here ca n't think of a rough area in their own vicinity were they , and especially tourists , should n't really go ? 
  also there 's a fair few of us who would intervene if we ever witnessed any visitor being abused , i think it 's just the cities where they do n't . 
   i 'm french . 
  xd we love to hate the british ( especially the english ) . 
  feel neither more nor less welcome than before . 
  some traditions are too good to be abandoned mon adversaire . 
  quite , the uk is fully airconditioned by the weather bar six weeks a year . 
  suits me . 
  ljubljana is the only city you 'll need . 
  i think i 'll stick to watching european and world cinema thanks . 
  it 's a catch 22 though is n't it ? 
  article 1 says `` within their jurisdiction '' and although `` jurisdiction '' might not be confined to a signatory state 's own national territory as it also extends to foreign territory , such as occupied land in which the state exercises effective control . 
  poland and hungary do n't control any foreign territory , so if they refuse entry to someone they 're not obliged to extend any of the articles to them . 
  i tend to agree . 
  poles are a hardy and tough bunch on the whole which is why there 's mainly anonymous hateful leaflets or grafitti . 
  racists are cowards , combine that with the fact that poles will hand your arse to you on a plate if you try to disrespect them face to face explains why there 's no physical violence - they save that for muslim women on their own . 
  there 's a limit to the number of mosques you can set light to ... 
  typically well thought of . 
  plus of course our police are much more dedicated than those of the us , not least because if they want to kill someone they have to kick them to death . 
  more than a possible trade partner , europe depends on russia for gas . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  brother did you not get the leaflet `` uncle vladimir is our friend '' ? 
  do you have a guillotine you could lend us ? 
  cash point or a hole in the wall . 
  no worries . 
  good to see serious questions being asked . 
  you 're welcome brother well on wednesday it would have been a ridiculous suggestion but we 're experiencing a very british revolution , no troops on the streets , no firing squads , etc , but suddenly the prime minister has gone , he 's left behind the poisoned chalice that is invoking article 50 , scotland 's snp is angling for independence from the uk , sinn fein see a provocative opportunity for irish reunification , and it seems just about everything is up for grabs . 
  the conservative spilt could lead to a vote of no confidence where enough conservatives voted no confidence with the oppositional parties and triggered a general election . 
  typically when parties are seen to be split they do n't win elections , so suddenly labour are in with a chance . 
  corbyn is n't particularily pro-eu , from a leftist stance rather than a nationalist one , while the blairite faction is - were they to stand on an ignore brexit policy they 'd very likely win , although alienating their traditional working class supporters - but that 's blairism . 
  johnson is only , at the moment , an mp and ex-mayor of london , cameron will soon only be an mp and ex-party leader so even though they say `` the will of the people , blah , blah '' they may not be in a position other than to quote how they once said that . 
  referendums within eu member states have been ignored before of course , however i believe that if brexit is ignored the acrimony of the past few days will look like kissing under the moonlight in comparison to what may happen next ... 
  it 's effectively the blairite wing of the labour party trying to regain leadership for one of their own . 
  the conservative party is , like the entirity of the country , effectively split into leave/remain camps . 
  the new leadership campaign will be very bitter and there is a chance it could lead to a general election much sooner than expected . 
  the blairites believe they could win the next election if they controlled the labour party . 
  wot not abba winning the eurovision ? 
  last tuesday , but you try telling the youngsters that . 
  try a dinghy across the med . 
  we had a big public order problem originating from a police shooting , it soon devolved into an excuse for simple looting : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots granting asylum to black americans does n't solve anything , why should repressed citizens move rather than pursue equality and justice ? 
  india and sri lanka . 
  in the uk , and europe as a whole , it 's such a slight possibility . 
  i grew up during the troubles when the ira did regular attacks and i was n't afraid of it . 
  the closest i 've been to terrorist attacks was abroad , and it did n't scare me then - you ca n't let them control your emotions so easily . 
   american values is that six cheeseburgers for $ 5 ? 
  nope . 
  the zapata look is very popular in gay clubs . 
  sure , it 'll be doubly hard as you 'd be expected to know a lot of technical terms usually absent from german lessons . 
  see what you think : http://www.lexicool.com/online-dictionary.asp?fsp=a13c152 there 's a ton of work : http://www.stepstone.de/5/job-search-simple.html?fu=10000000 and a fair bit of paperwork : http://www.german-way.com/for-expats/living-in-germany/getting-a-residence-permit-for-germany/ viel gl\u00fcck !, 
  do you speak german ? 
  typically europe is more secular , esp in the northern states . 
  here 's a demographic map showing belief in god : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/47/europe_belief_in_god.svg/2000px-europe_belief_in_god.svg.png, 
  not experienced that one . 
  sure , well his . 
  i 'm sure if you atagonised a few poles just a little bit they 'd throw something ... 
  it 's not the reality the vast majority of us live in . 
  well aside from the clueless , to name just one fault , politicians of course ... 
  to be fair to him the fella has said he 's reading about it on reddit . 
  i must admit i would n't know i try not to drink water on a night out . 
  the whole experience of french food is ever increasingly brilliant . 
  i really admire the whole attitude . 
  tap water is available in the uk , which is why we 're your number one vacation destination . 
  i enjoyed it . 
  i 've an odd fondness for the gdr/ddr so anything about it is right up my stra\u00dfe . 
  also `` goodbye lenin '' was quite popular over here i think . 
  i know i watched it at the first chance . 
  do n't expect you to share my interest but there 's a great documentary series `` that was the gdr/das war die ddr '' on youtube , from ' 93 , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fwqv5h7lq8 that version is with english subtitles , apparently there 's one which is dubbed english , but i 've not found it . 
  sanders by a long chalk , he 's quite a thoughtful politician and not especially left-wing by european standards . 
  clinton has left a trail of shit behind her i would n't buy an apple from her . 
  trump makes all the right noises for his audience , but there 's no substance to it - reminds me of president camacho from `` idiocracy '' but with tiny hands and lacking terry crew 's physique . 
  trump v sanders would probably be the most fascinating election campaign we 'd ever see in our lifetime . 
  good luck !, 
   tl ; dr : america is the best country in the world to americans , and that is scary . 
  i think that 's just human nature and them doing in the way they do it it is more available for us to witness . 
  the afd won some election victories the other day and the coverage of it was miniscule compared to whatever trump was up to . 
  it does n't scare me , it 's not like it 's north korea . 
  europeans just deal with it differently , we enjoy a quiet comfort over who we are , where we 're from . 
  we do n't especially blow trumpets about it , not least because we 've been around in one form or another for so long it 's become tiresome . 
  `` jews , the only people who do n't like to take yes for an answer . '', 
  - woody allan, 
  i believe humour is essential to any opposition . 
  in 1941 britain was isolated and suffering air raids , in the cinemas they were laughing their heads off at this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjbyl3lgtha, 
  there is an english speaking version , not sure where it was made might have been us , although rather smartly it was the same story it had a different culpit to it . 
  prefer the swedish/danish version by a long chalk , the saga character is rock solid and beautifully delivered . 
  also enjoying beck , river , wallander , etc. 
  did try lilyhammer but did n't work for me , almost as if netflix thought `` if only we had a yank charactor in one of those nordic dramas it 'd be much better '' . 
  i do enjoy a lot of european cinema too though so it 's a natural progression , `` leningrad cowboys go america . '', 
  has been a fave since it came out , more recently `` let the right on in '' , `` headhunters '' , `` the hunt '' , `` dead snow '' etc. 
  now if there was `` leningrad cowboys go bron '' i would be a very happy chappy . 
  i do n't watch too much telly either but i do when it 's things like the bridge , and deutschland ' 83 . 
  perhaps give them a spin ? 
  works both ways of course , subtitled tv drama from across europe , especially from our nordic cousins , is very popular here . 
  thanks . 
  i assume it 's pronounced as just a hiss , den bosch might well be better . 
  thanks .
