  personally i would n't trust teresa may to look after one of my dogs ... 
   the cap is just the british people 's favourite subject to complain about the eu and france simultaneously . 
  oh no it is n't ... :p, 
  so where you from then ? 
  very poor . 
  an advert for mastercard ? 
  really ? 
  til : let 's not be beastly to the russians ... 
  yes , although four of those are a few loons banded together . 
  i 'm not sure if this is more decadence or stupidity tbh . 
  and then the stage will be stormed by russian-accented thugs pretending to be indignant danes demanding this fascist sham be smashed ... 
  poor russia , they really are just a bunch of pretty girls and not thugs at all . 
  quite right , i really enjoy the hindi words we 've appropriated , like ; bungalow , shampoo & khaki . 
  so we 're safe to keep speaking it ? 
  a little old ... 
  ca n't stand it , i 'd much prefer decent bands from each nation not least to find new music to listen to . 
  as is it suggests to me the music your parents might love once dementia had set in . 
  yes i think there 's a slight miscalculation there too . 
  most folk do n't know who their mep is , so it 's not much use tbh . 
  hunger for cheap booze , fags , a quick lunch and then off home thanks !, 
  me too , but i do n't even speak the lingo . 
  does n't this depend on what you consider worst ? 
  and what do you ? 
  why ? 
  a poor slice of apologism , probably best to stick to threatening journalists ... 
  if russia does invade ukraine i imagine it will be over relatively quickly , and the rest of the world will wring it 's hands , impose a few sanction and little else . 
  prison planet ? 
  i suppose it 's of some use if you read between the loons . 
  i was wondering that too , the sanctions have been very highly focused on a small number of individuals recently . 
  does modesty prevent you from mentioning the planned total of 10,000 to be taken in by germany ? 
  hard to know what actually happened and with such an emotive headline the journalists are n't helping . 
  here `` dogs and batons '' simply means police . 
  symptomatic of large power blocs though , i 'm happy with each nation making it 's own mind up . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_mac_index http://www.economist.com/content/big-mac-index, 
  the comments section of just about anything is the bottom half of the internet and always best unread . 
  the bulk of tbhoti is moronic , ill-informed and badly written , regardless of nationality , although often it looks like the yanks are the world leaders purely by weight of numbers . 
  there 's a sad equality to every nation having so many idiots free to comment endlessly on just about everything , the only positive side is how much of that comment is in a tongue which you might not know , and can therefore happily ignore . 
  depends whether you 're east or west of it perhaps ? 
  with him being 60 perhaps first to high blood pressure ? 
  probably unless you think , as i imagine you do , that superpower blocs and large centralised states are the future . 
  i 'd like to see jesus stand for election meself ... 
  nuneaton is definately the eu 's dallas , lopik reminds me of salt lake city while zagreb is definately similar to augusta . 
  a friend and myself wanted a taste of miami but did n't have more of a day to spare so we went to calais . 
  no you 've misunderstood me . 
  apologies for not being clear enough . 
  no it 's not . 
  not knowing how something might happen does n't preclude discussing the possibility or probability of something happening . 
  that 's not the point , passports were meant to be unforgable ... how do people forge those ? 
  if it could be used as an angle for bringing a settlement , not an illegal one : / , it 's a good idea . 
  it 'd be difficult to do it before turkey was allowed in though . 
  the question really is would israel want it , and i imagine they would n't they 're well known for not liking to take `` yes '' for an answer . 
  well aside from portugal . 
  just as traditional documents are forged this will be a target for forgery , it 's just a matter of time and effort . 
  just as credit card details get lifted off secure networks . 
  having someone wallop your plastic is one thing imagine if they cloned your online id . 
  which part was unclear ? 
  how useful might it be when it gets hacked ? 
  to hell with that , we do n't have id cards and we do n't need them , the former this techno nut seems to have overlooked . 
  redditor for 10 months , made seven posts in that time , five of them this in the last day ... you need beggartor.com, 
  for the same reason you do n't i imagine ... 
  there 's an extra expense payment which can be claimed for 5 mins a day on reddit . 
  no operation stack though - so no massive gridlock in the heart of kent . 
  incredible , although i doubt there 's a dry irish mouth where wetness is wanted . 
  including the young lady who campaigned against it ? 
  i 've no idea what you 're dealing with , but i 'm dealing with working out exactly what it is you 're trying to say ... 
  which anti-islam debate ? 
  cataclysmic geological events aside all the points of the compass will remain in europe . 
  `` bomb the mosque '', 
  aye but typically folk , in western democracies , suffer more difficulties and problems from their own state than from without . 
  their representitive duties are widely ignored in the same manner as their manifesto promises , although i would concede that perhaps the nederlands is above that kind of malarkey , but i 'd have to be convinced . 
  are n't all nationals victims of their government ? 
  no , putin was an ex-kgb thug before events in the ukraine . 
  quite , although i 'd go as far as licenced distribution and taxable profits . 
  financially it 's a win/win as we 'd save on policing the small , personal amounts . 
  the interesting part is he 'd agree with you about his faults . 
  i 've found reading his work too difficult to be worth it , however i have found some of his lectures very watchable . 
  god wanted somewhere to live ... 
  a solid intellectual stance there ... 
  poor sound . 
  magical - great link . 
  my thoughts entirely . 
  what a story about an anti-eu party set to do well in eu elections not of interest to europeans ? 
  my dear boy you 'd have to use proper english before we could ban it ... , 
  i would n't let that put you off , although the residency conditions are tight . 
  my uncle retired there but he managed it though . 
  quite , but they are seriously minted . 
  good luck . 
  well you might want to leave now as most countries require a period of residency and/or marriage before granting citizenship . 
  have a butchers : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_the_european_union, 
  holland has rich people too , although perhaps austria or even switzerland might be more what you 're thinking of . 
  well we 're all still `` european '' , being skeptical of the eu does n't change that . 
  i adore europe and all our cousins but i 'm no fan of the eu , but i 'm no fan of any of our levels of uk goverment either , they fail to represent our interests and cost a fortune which is typically mispent . 
  i 'd go for the nederlands myself , well placed for whizzing around and almost everyone seems to speak english often better than our compatriots . 
  well it 's an escape plan that 's for sure . 
   have you considered how if the uk leaves the eu your residency abroad would n't be guaranteed ? 
  work in ireland is likely to be an issue . 
  i 'll not go that far ... visit maybe ? 
  `` you people '' ? 
  that 's hardly an exacting response ... , 
  how can we guarantee that each and every individual is indeed romanian ?
