  i take folk on an individual basis too , i 'm quite happy to treat everyone as an equal and with the respect i 'd like in return . 
  if folk ca n't match that it 's okay as there 's plenty more people to spend my effort on . 
  i could n't imagine telling anyone how `` i tolerate you . '', 
  i can think of a few political meetings where that would n't get the response many assume it might . 
  no need to patronise me , but this is the inherent nature of tolerance after all so i can see why you 've done it . 
  i prefer to see all my brothers and sisters as equals , tolerance is just a way to comfortably brush real concerns under the carpet and you 'll not find a big enough broom . 
   i hope the second `` tolerant society '' you are refering to isnt isis no i 'm not an idiot but thanks for asking . 
   read the first paragraph of the link i gave , i tend to agree with that , so i do n't have time for tolerance , it 's patronising and too close to a new `` white man 's burden '' for me . 
  should we tolerate a tolerant society which does n't tolerate intolerance or be intolerant of it ... ? 
  more on tolerance : http://www.lacan.com/zizek-inquiry.html, 
  a lot of folk seem to be empowering a couple of arseholes because they wave their shitty flag around . 
  to hell with them and their jihadi inferiority complex . 
  you made an account to post that ? 
  it 's totalitarian . 
  if we want to be the good guys we need to act like them . 
  most of europe pays lip service to peace while selling arms . 
  similarly europe is happy to use corruption to get many of those deals while paying bribes or sweeteners , as are u.s.a. , russia & china . 
  that 's some drought . 
  en francais : http://www.lavoixdunord.fr/region/des-cocktails-molotov-lances-contre-un-squat-de-migrants-ia33b48581n2392078, 
  inches ? 
  inches ? 
  australia , make travel between us easier and about time too . 
  the thread was good , the irc chan seemed to be discussing everything but . 
  it would be similar in england . 
  aye , next may 's ge will be very interesting around those parts . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not , the snp ( the big independence motivator ) may well be in a lot of trouble with the electorate for failing to deliver on this . 
  if the slp/lp maneuver well enough and offer lots of trinkets they could win back a lot of snp seats . 
  it is a done deal , it 's just an unannounced done deal . 
  thanks . 
  pure speculation . 
  unfair and inaccurate . 
  just about every nation 's nostalgic culture is a fiction , often with input from without . 
  interesting points . 
  although i 'm typically not fond of state finance of cinema the proof of the pudding would be in the eating . 
  europe already makes great cinema so ce has to make some great cinema - my fear is they 'll make rubbish and do so for a long time ( so perfect competition with hollywood ) - but i really would like to be proved wrong . 
  fair enough , touche , etc. 
  your mention of moebius trumps anything i might have to say - although i 'd like to see a film of druillet 's `` lone sloane delirius '' - in fact i 'd prefer to see a film of just about any bd than marvel , but i do n't really do superheros, 
  the uk used to have state funded cinema under the cinematograph films act of 1927 , and it produced a lot of rubbish - like george formby and gracie field films . 
  but it did also give a lot of folk their first breaks in the industry , but whether it produced value for money is doubtable . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cinematograph_films_act_1927 http://www.screenonline.org.uk/film/id/1361819/index.html tbh i think if you want funding it should come from the private sector , so we just need about another dozen luc besson to make this happen much more . 
  he does seem to put his name to a lot , knowing it will attract investment . 
  pah !, 
  you live in a country with such great cinema and you watch pap . 
  do they have tourism in portugal then ? 
   this needs a supplementary question ... like `` do you know where it is ? 
  the sea gets as much of a response as ukraine ... 
  pension funds more like . 
  interesting to note how , despite being wholly discredited , popular those remain . 
  they form part of the hamas charter . 
  i 've just got off the phone with a chum in scotland and he says there 's fighting on the street , some folk have broken into a shop and a car has been set alight ... so everything is the same . 
  grass is always greener ... and literally with some of the dutch cafes . 
  start right after the polls close i imagine , that 's the usual way . 
  germany https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrrvqa5sy8s belgium https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs30bc3d5wm finland https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srvl11jdnbe, 
  great vid . 
  i prefer the first one . 
  great penis cage . 
  is that zizek ? 
  a loop from god is a serb ? 
  nice ... 
  i think you 've got a solid point . 
  just pick a tune you like from another eu state and share it - simple and probably more entertaining than politics . 
  at the moment it 's all about rosetta . 
  their budget is big enough to cover a website - :p - it 's all on there . 
  http://www.esa.int/esa maybe try / r/space / too . 
  bleedin ' horses eating all the fried chicken . 
  yes , true across europe not just germany . 
  although rising anti-semitism is rarely reported as coming from muslims . 
  bob dobbs gets my vote too . 
  i think his was pointing it out as `` u kok '' . 
  my fave scot 's ones have been the not common enough `` aye '' & `` naw '' . 
  why do you think it 's oppositional to have regional independence ? 
  we 're all together under the eu after all . 
  apologies , although i use that from having heard it from the lips of dali in his last public appearance . 
  hang on this is a do-their-job-for-them scheme . 
  i disagree about the numbers . 
  i go to calais quite a bit as dover is just down the coast from me , have mates who are hauliers , ferry crew , ukba and know quite a few residents of calais too and we all agree it 's about the same numbers . 
  the things which have changed recently : the reporting , not since sangatte - or sans gate as some locals called it - has it really been covered . 
  the visibility of the migrants , sangatte was out of the way and so out of sight . 
  the migrants slowly moved closer and closer to the port and eventually had one camp either side of the road you drive along from port to town . 
  the aggression of the migrants has increased , just the other week a bunch of sudanese guys had a running fight with some eritrean guys . 
  they 're also being more aggressive with locals and visitors . 
  also the politics , there 's been a general swing to the right and calais now has the sauvon calais campaign who are classic right wing bigots , as one resident was happy to declare in this film . 
  obviously their rhetoric includes all the usual terms , swamped , overwhelmed , etc , but it does n't reflect the actuality . 
  my uncle - 450sl - he loved it . 
  much better than i imagined it would be . 
  thanks . 
  good point but `` are n't going to commit any terrorists act '' is too predictive is n't it ? 
  no one can really guarantee that either way . 
  they certainly like their netball . 
  it 's interesting how this has been going on for so long , but every now and again surfaces to be newsworthy . 
  it 's been ongoing for around 20 years now and at about the same level throughout . 
  shame to see the `` anti-fascists '' attack au calice - a great little bar which is about half a km away from where the protest was . 
  i guess it 's easier to beat up a chair than a gendarme . 
  ... a nation of thugs . 
  good of the authorities to let him finish his promo first . 
  i think of all people as brothers and sisters . 
  some of them i would n't invite around for dinner though ... 
  troll account taken seriously ... 
  does it come in black ?
