  but the fn continues to flirt with anti-semitic ideas , no matter how moderate le pen tries to present herself as being . 
  wilders ' party for freedom , on the other hand , stresses its pro-israeli leanings . '', 
  this is an interesting if sordid development , and it 's seen across the hard right spectrum ; some parties retain their hatred of jews , while others have moved on to hating muslims instead . 
  although unpleasant i suppose we might be grateful they 've not unified their hatred and swelled their ranks . 
  i think all governments need to be simplified and streamlined . 
  the electorate find themselves consistantly having to face more efficent ways of doing things , why not politicos ? 
  perhaps . 
  an astute observation on your part . 
  it 's an important story , i just wondered why you changed the title , especially as it then looks like a german initiative . 
  something something bananas ... 
  unfounded supposition , people 's favourite excuse for not playing by the rules . 
  why editorialise the title ? 
  sure , but i think it 's walking on very thin ice to reward someone for testimony . 
  surely it makes the testimony unsafe ? 
  it distracts from the credibility of any witness . 
  i 'd imagine just about any euro nation would want their investigation to be spotless . 
  i do n't see how germany can legitimately swop testimony for asylum - it lacks the element of justice . 
  totalitarian and intolerant ... `` do as i say , not as i do '' ? 
  works well enough for many terrorist cells . 
  i smell a large rat on this one . 
  because it 's totalitarian and anti-democratic . 
  great subreddit , although the colour scheme is a little harsh . 
  damn romanians and bulgars coming over here and taking our pole 's jobs !, 
  surely that 's bulgars ? 
  funny stuff , good to see a party i can identify with . 
  does it involve horsemeat ? 
  rather obviously it does depend on where you are and where you 'd want to go . 
  i 'd have thought kent to pas d'calais and then cycling through to belgium , nederland and into germany quite easy and pleasant . 
  barcelona to genova , although beautiful would likely damage you for life . 
  just keep out of the cellars ... 
  fair comment , but do n't tptb already have this power but choose not to apply it ? 
  how so ? 
  brand would make a good support act to zizek . 
   there 's no `` versus '' , it 's an interview not a boxing match . 
  my respect for paxman is undiminished , but my respect for brand has grown . 
  this is how victoria keeps her secret ... 
  i 've not down voted you but tbh i 'm not sure you 're saying much beyond a cliched bias ... have i misunderstood you ? 
  possibly . 
  this story is about a class-based uk government wanting to protect it 's chums , they even took one with them . 
  obviously france is politicking here too . 
  i 'm not convinced that the uk electorate see the eu as a bureaucratic paralyzing force , more of the status quo , business as usual , etc. 
  by this i mean they 're not representing us , i have no confidence in my town council , district council , county council , parliament nor lords . 
  so why should i in a larger continental org ? 
  it 's not that it 's foreign , it 's just apparent that the political class continue to expand their role , their power and their wages while the rest of us face shrinking opportunities and incomes . 
  despite this ever growing political class their output , representing the people , shrinks . 
  short and not very good an article . 
  i 'm not interested in the idea of a monologue representing all the interests of europeans , at best it 's patronising , at worst totalitarian . 
  happens all the time in pakistan too , and just about any poorer nation where metal working tools are available . 
  the one advantage with 3d printed guns is they 're much more dangerous to use , so expect to see a few souls with self inflicted wounds because they 're `` gun-dumb '' . 
  thanks . 
  we 've seen an fn surge before though , like in 2002 , but chirac had a massive result ( 80 % + ) in his favour mainly from the bulk of france wanting to defeat le penn. 
  is this any different ? 
  which ? 
  you , him or both ? 
  does this mean he wo n't be claiming his stipend ? 
  very generous of him ... 
  for you tommy zee war is never over . 
  see that 's could be coming true , none of the last half dozen or so germans i 've met drive german cars ... what 's going on ? 
  in comparison to merkel ? 
  she obviously drove the robber off with her natural charm and stunning good looks ... 
  you 've got that horse before cart . 
  is n't culture more of a personal choice than an imposition ? 
  i adore a lot of french cinema and also german music while being happily british . 
  i 'm do n't think that makes me closer to either particularly nor would i expect my neighbours to share my tastes . 
  even within the trio mentioned there 's so many of our compatriots with different roots and/or interests i 'm not convinced culture has a shared national flavour to a great degree outside of literature or other mediums which make great use of national language , and even then because of the availability of translation and foreign editions it 's not a great chasm . 
  i feel close to the culture i enjoy , and not to that which i do n't enjoy the biggest issue being has it got subtitles or is there an english edition . 
  i believe we can increasingly enjoy the cultural fruits we choose to pick , unfortunately a lot of the time this is negatively influenced by the most commercially available culture , which is often crass and from the u.s. but it 's not impossible to avoid . 
  quite . 
  i ca n't help but feel if oil companies tried similar they 'd be cries of foul . 
  i agree , especially as there 's also an option of either civilian service or civil protection . 
  what no deep-fried mars bar ? 
  surely it would be chicken tikka masala ? 
  volume suggests it ... http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/glasgow_and_west/8161812.stm, 
  viva catalonia !, 
  i 'm not convinced by the tremendous loss , nor the work being 27 fold . 
  surely adding one more force would make them 28 fold ? 
  the nation militaries would still exist . 
  good points all , but before we leap into creating a combined force would n't we be better trying some combined operations first ? 
  there 's no reason i can see why we ca n't carry out international operations on our own , if by that you mean european led . 
  i agree there 's a democratic problem with having the u.s. president as the supreme commander . 
  there 's an interesting sticking point here which i 'll have to give more thought to ; should a combined european force be commanded by nation states or by the eu ? 
  i err towards nation states for practicality , but also because it would only involve the participating nations . 
  imagine france had another intervention in west africa , but only they , uk and italy wanted to be involved . 
  a seperate nato ( eto ? ), 
  style treaty should permit that and in a timely manner . 
  an eup one could be doomed from the start , as those three votes would n't carry it , and there 'd be long discussions from parties with little or no interest . 
  the other positive to that scenario is those facing military action tend to have keen memories of it and recriminate against those behind it . 
  now those willing to take military action have weighed that up and are n't bothered by it , however if it were via an eu force the entirity of the eu would be held accountable , which not only taints the eu but quite uninvolved members who , having considered that , may well vote against any action purely to protect their reputation . 
  no there is n't , although many police forces are becoming quite militarised , but one way the eu could avoid it would be by having no such force . 
  it is a really complicated topic , so thanks for not distracting things by going into it . 
  i 'm not suggesting '' ... evil and oppressive . '', 
  but would suggest that a hint of oppression tends to start at the barrel of a gun . 
  i 'm also not suggesting the eu is anything like the warsaw bloc , not least because it is n't but also because it would be a weak argument to suggest so . 
  apologies for not being clear enough . 
  i 'm suggesting a concern about eu military action against protests , demonstrations or workers strike action within the eu , similar to the berlin uprising of '53 or czechoslovakia in ' 68 . 
  i 'm not for a moment saying the eu is an oppressive bloc , more an example of a bloc using force within itself against it 's people seeking self determination . 
  i 'm not a pacifist , but only a fool would prefer war over peace , so i agree about common security just not how we need an eu army to protect it . 
  the states of the eu co-operate all the time when it comes to military endeavours , and to do so without u.s. involvement is simple enough we do n't need anything other than the will . 
  an eu army is a massive leap . 
  i 'm unhappy with the duplication of purpose this scheme suggests .
