   i have seen recent pictures of entire terrorist convoys of 40 + cars going from uk to syria ... what those clearly marked aid convoys which provide medical supplies and humanitarian aid to war zones are now terrorists ? 
  40 + cars when your source says 15 ? 
  this is widely publicised in the press : http://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/news/local-news/rochdale-ambulance-part-rochdale4syria-aid-6448187 and on their website : http://worldaidconvoy.com/ if they were terrorists would n't they try to do it in secret ? 
  why not ask at your next golden dawn meeting ? 
  the centenary bullshit has officially started ... plenty more to come . 
  me too , if i can find it i 'll watch it . 
  well i have both bought them and watched them , repeatedly . 
  have you seen this ? 
  not seen ascent ... so ta . 
  i have every werner herzog film i could get on dvd but a solid recommendation , i think my favourite of his is `` even dwarves started small '' , and i know bergman of course . 
  i thank you . 
  seen the first two , but none of the others , so thanks . 
  i 'm not so sure / u/mrswingking offered up `` the hunt '' as best movie out of denmark , etc , and i happily watched it . 
  i 'd have been less likely to had i known what it was about i think . 
  horses for courses though . 
  that was dark , but good . 
  did n't like some of the dog bits ... avoiding a spoiler there . 
  that 's quite stunning . 
  the idea of driving from norfolk to denmark is just thrilling . 
  i reckon the dutch economy would boom , one from the saving from not needing sea defences anymore and two from the new farming acres , with a thin line of tulips barely concealling more profitable cash crops ... < cough  also like how kent ( dover , etc ) gets to keep it 's coast . 
  yes that 's the ticket . 
  we did come close , but then changed our mind ... do n't panic though , i 've no illusions of this approach being practiced now - but i can be nostalgic . 
  ahhhh that `` the hunt '' is on netflix - so i can watch that in a minute : thanks . 
  oh you have a problem with that do you ? 
  well ? 
  well ? 
  that sounds fascinating , i 'd like to hear more . 
  could you ask her about it please ? 
  i agree about the scotland question , as i 'm happy for them to decide it themselves . 
  farage is french for fart doncha know ? 
  people really are happy to adopt this new `` evil empire '' are n't they ? 
  if anyone is short of a royal or two , we can do you a good deal . 
  personally i always thought the russians had the right approach . 
  it 's just a click away ... three young people exist in a strange world of their parents ' devising in this bizarre drama from writer and director yorgos lanthimos . 
  a father and mother ( christos stergioglou and michele valley ) live in a large house on the outskirts of town with their three children , whose ages range from mid-teens to early twenties . 
  the children have never been allowed to leave the house ( which is surrounded by a tall fence ) , and their knowledge of the outside world has been strictly controlled by their parents , who have chosen to teach them only what they believe is important and have deliberately confused or misled them in many other areas . 
  the parents quite literally treat their children like animals , and the only contact the youngsters have with people outside their family is christina ( anna kalaitzidou ) , a woman who works with the father 's business and comes by periodically to have sex with the eldest son ( christos passalis ) . 
  christina makes the mistake of bringing a present for the two younger daughters ( aggeliki papoulia and mary tsoni ) , and explains the custom is that they should give her something in return . 
  this simple act sets off a chain reaction of events that has terrible consequences for everyone involved . 
  kynodontas ( aka dogtooth ) was an official selection at the 2009 cannes film festival . 
  great list thanks . 
  la haine is , of course , a classic . 
  i even have that on dvd . 
  e2a : i 've seen max manus , and headhunters came up after i watched `` the hunt '' on netflix . 
  it 's the totalitarian attitude to it mixed with the divisiveness of it . 
  the catholics involved were british citizens and there 's little protection for them . 
  i 'd have preferred an invasion of eire , it would have been more honest , although tbh i was bored by the protestant v catholic nonsense long ago . 
  i imagine i 've a remnant of the naive , but it 'd be really sweet to have a file released which was about doing something decent . 
  i 've upvoted you for asking a reaonable question . 
  not sure why folk needed to downvote for that ... 
  the british press has been like this for decades , typically finding an `` other '' to vilify . 
  i guess i 've both got used to it , and learned to ignore it . 
  with regards to immigration they also benefit from the vacuum caused but no serious discussion on it , it 's polarised to `` absolutely no/yes to immigration '' and little more . 
  good point on the idiots , for me it 's why free speech is important - it shows exactly where folk stand , without it you get disguised idealogy , the unacceptable couched in accpetable terms , etc. 
  like ukip . 
  generally i agree with you on this . 
  there 's been a pile of documents from thatcher 's years released recently , and not a single good thing amongst them . 
  fair enough , i 've fond memories of eurorailing but was never that organised , and luckily i was on my own . 
  good luck and have fun . 
  exactly . 
  the u.s. has been close to being wholly positive in it 's very short life . 
  the only contentious parts are some foreign policy and some bad art , but you ca n't hold a whole nation responsible for the poor decisions of the few . 
  what bet on the yanks ? 
  not me , i like the nation . 
  i did n't realise that was a requirement . 
  i think that understanding might be misplaced , although there 's an inherent sensitivity involved . 
  as for nazi symbols and signifiers i think the uk has a wholly different attitude to them than mainland europe , it 's more we collectively beat them so we can do what we want with their iconography . 
  this is changing more modernly , which is odd considering the ww2 generations typically had no problem with it . 
  this boardgame which was massive in the 70 's : http://cf.geekdo-images.com/images/pic5056_md.jpg became this : http://www.orderofgamers.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/escapefromcolditz_box.jpg and eventually : http://www.games-collector.com/data/compendium%20items/pictures/e/escape%20from%20colditz%20no%20motif%20compact%20box%20year%20gibsons%20games%2001.jpg although as unpleasant and provocative that this dieudonn\u00e9 appears i 'd rather endure him than have free speech curtailed . 
  i think he 's an example of the elastic band effect politics can have , he was anti-racist but so tightly he 's pinged to completely the other side . 
  i 've noticed he 's collected a series of fines , but not sure where from . 
  are these libel/slanders cases , criminal , a mix or something else ? 
  i should have bet cash on it i know ... 
  if you 're interailing you can go to them all and make your own comparison . 
  not to would be a bit lazy surely ? 
  so i was partially right ? 
  i believe you 're right , there 's a lack of politics to it which heralds a lack of serious action , it 's a plaster for a chainsaw wound . 
  you 're a phobephobe ? 
  see how i 've both complied with , yet denied your request ? 
  europhobes wear tall shoes so as to be that much more above it ... might catch something etc. . . , 
  i think you 're right , i do n't think there 's a soul here who dislikse other europeans , and they 'd be a idiot to be here if they did , but liking people , culture and places does n't mean you have to adore politicians nor their plans . 
  perhaps that 's where your ancestors hailed from ? 
  nifty but really simplistic . 
  i wonder how many folk might cast their vote based on that ... 
  okay so it 's lazy and cynical journo 's and an idiotic public . 
   i can understand your objections but to put it crudely these are piss-poor papers with a track record of piss-poor journalism . 
  and they 're suffering tumbling circulation ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_the_united_kingdom_by_circulation#circulation_since_2000 ) so they 're reduced to attracting idiot readers with sensationalist stories , it 's not just picking on foreigners - they went big on false widow spiders for example - but it 's pure invention and as such you should n't take it to heart unless you feel a crusade to correct every idiot . 
  no decent folk take it seriously . 
  it 's interesting to see how the portrayal of `` osties '' has about-faced , it was n't too long ago the eastern bloc were repressed folk suffering under the yolk of communism , denied their freedoms , etc. 
  little more than twenty years after gaining their freedoms they 're now all daring to exercise them in travelling around . 
  do you think that positivity is that rare ? 
  shame . 
  there 's always been bad journalism , and often there 's a barely hidden agenda behind that . 
  what is it about immigrants you feel should be expressed ? 
  i 'm in england , so not sure the rest applies . 
  the dublin system might be a bad rule , but it 's the rule . 
  `` the liberal idea of tolerance is more and more a kind of intolerance . 
  what it means is ` leave me alone ; do n't harass me ; i 'm intolerant towards your over-proximity . '' -- slavoj \u017di\u017eek `` after ww2 there suddenly were no nazis any more in germany . '', 
  the nuremberg war crimes trials suggests otherwise . 
  just because the nsdp was criminalised does n't mean those involved simply vanished .
