  usually when you hit the submit button on a link post you get a warning if it 's already been posted . 
  i 've had a couple of posts over the last few days where this has n't happened . 
  is this happening for anyone else ? 
  i 've just been told how the swiss often refer to folk like cameron and their ilk as `` soft boiled eggs '' . 
  what does this mean ? 
  back in july there was talk of the four statues around the green bridge behind removed . 
  did anything happen ? 
  story from the time : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/16/russian-speaking-lithuanians-upset-plans-remove-soviet-era-monuments, 
  for me it 's the german film maker werner hertzog , i 've been a big fan of both his films and documentaries for decades , but beyond that he has enough integrity to fill the albert hall and i could listen to him talk , in english , for the rest of my days . 
  eg : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixrdmmfgjma please share yours and provide an example of their brilliance . 
  i 've been watching a fair amount of nordic drama . 
  i 've been surprised to see how almost every front door opens outwards , which i assumed would be awkward for countries where it snows a lot . 
  in the uk front doors open inwards , something to do with the class system no doubt . 
  they always typically locked too , something our nordic cousins do n't seem to be bothered with according to the dramas . 
  [ removed ], 
  quite , let 's not forget the acres of print about normal people with no recourse to take action . 
  well that and how a lot of the good talent seems to be drifting to television , and the us has really improved in that area . 
  no , if a british cop wants to kill someone they should have to kick them to death as per tradition ... requires a certain dedication lacking in shooting someone . 
  i 'm guilty of that too , mashed with butter and pepper . 
  not sure i like it enough to name myself after them though ... 
   and she put him in a vase close , when he died they stored his corpse in a barrel of brandy until they got to gibraltar when they put in a coffin full of brandy ... 
  vw for it 's reliability ... 
  pretty good on emissions too , er - never mind . 
  lots of tea . 
  no i do n't epecially since the good friday agreement has seen peace with reupblican irish factions and their attacks having ceased . 
  the kurds strike me as a disenfranchised people who have protected their culture against all the odds . 
  i 'd like to see more support for both kurds and an independent kurdistan across europe . 
  good work mods . 
  too many to choose from . 
  i second this , the tabloids have sold millions of copies off the back of bs stories . 
  tres drole ... 
  i met bb king once , he was massive and every inch covered in fine tailoring , either of which are apparent from watching him on stage . 
  nice geezer too . 
  plus the variation of slang . 
  only if every ballot included a `` none of the above '' option with a proceedure to rerun the election afresh , otherwise you 're breaching the principle of consent requiring the ability to withhold consent . 
  that 's a very interesting question . 
  i think with the invasion of poland triggering the start of ww2 a lot of us see the nazi occupation as the worst part of poland 's modern history . 
  without minimalising the horrors which resulted it lasted for six years , and was over seventy years ago . 
  while the soviet occupation was 43 years long and only ended 28 years ago . 
  so in the bulk of their living memory communism is more prevalent , and a commom response to that is to flock to the extreme opposite . 
  rather like an elastic band , you can pull it and pull it to the left , but when you let it go ... 
  mosley and the buf were never really taken that seriously by the electorate , their highest claimed membership was 50k and that 's very likely exaggerated , academics have estimated 40k in ' 34 , but with a rapid decline , and membership estimates differ after that . 
  nothing near the memberships of the pnf ( 6m in ' 39 ) or the nsdap ( 5.3 m in ' 39 ) . 
  he was mainly funded by mussolini , and the internal communications of the pnf reveal continued frustration with how little mosley achieved with the money . 
  the man himself was ambitious , but impatience turned him into a chancer . 
  originally a conservative , then an independent , and later a labour mp ( once tipped to become a labour pm ) he went looking for `` the next big thing '' and having visited mussolini 's italy in '31 decided that was fascism . 
  despite a lot of publicity the buf never won a local council seat nor a parliamentary one , the height of his popularity arose from campaigning for a negotiated peace once war broke out , but the blitz put paid to that . 
  for a contemporary view of mosley you need look no further than p.g. 
  wodeshouse 's charactor roderick spode who first appeared in ' 38 . 
  described `` as if nature had intended to make a gorilla , and had changed its mind at the last moment '' , labelled `` an amateur dictator '' and leader of the fascist group `` the blackshorts '' . 
  he was played rather excellently by by john turner in the tv series from the 90 's , here 's a clip : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pytpga5ay7u with a pinch of devil 's advocacy i 'd suggest that an idealogy of racial or national superiority with a strong drive towards regaining lost greatness might not gain much traction in a land with such a large empire and a general sense of superiority already firmly in place . 
  brute mcgruntface , after the famous scottish poet warrior of the same name . 
  he not only led his tribe in many successful clashes against invaders but also invented battered food . 
  private eye . 
  clues in the name fella . 
  vincent cassel and klaus kinski . 
  easy now ... welsh actor and looks v.much like welsh poster . 
  our big meal is during the afternoon on the 25th , fish starter , then roast turkey , beef , gammon , and veggie alternative with all the trimmings , roasted potatoes , swede , parsnip , beetroot , mashed potato , mashed sweet potato , peas , sprouts , carrots , leaks and gravy . 
  eton mess for pudding , champagne toast , beer , wine , juices , etc during the meal . 
  then perhaps a little nap ... 
  it 's only a fifteen hour drive , and quite a spectacular one at that . 
  i do n't buy into the common idea of taking sides on this . 
  most of us have no connection either way and could use this distance to adopt a healthier perspective with a view to a solution . 
  what about a nissan factory there ? 
  you 're a funny kerel . 
  what about them ? 
  i do n't think anyone is particularly bothered . 
  in fact it often goes the other way , purely by chance i bumped into a yank online with the same surname and we could both trace our families back to a farm outside the small hamlet of longford , there was no paper trail to link the two , but we concluded there was a link . 
  `` anti-americanism '' does seem to have become common currency when any criticism is made though , similar to how legitimate criticism of israel is dismissed as anti-semitism , and even criticism of the eu is often decried as being anti-europe . 
  quite but in your history you 're up to forty-five presidents including trump , in the same time the uk has had ten kings and queens . 
  that 's a serious deficit and one which holds us back . 
  exactly this . 
  also the idea that the head of state is from a single family is detached from any modern idea of democracy . 
  the only other similar example i can think of is north korea . 
  it was originally . 
  it 's called `` divine right '' , although it 's been dropped but having built a firm foundation from it it 's very much what 's solidified their power . 
  no , you 're a poo !, 
  you 'd likely get a livelier response in r/askuk . 
  1 ) i like them , many of them have little but it does n't stop them from being quite happy and friendly . 
  2 ) although often impenetrable to a casual viewer their culture is very fine , out of all of it i think their food has enjoyed great popularity because it 's a simple matter of eating it to enjoy , whereas philosophy is always a more concentrated effort . 
  3 ) their government is similar to everyone else , unrepresentative , full of nepotism and corruption . 
  there was a great civilising effect to the days of british empire , britian benefitted greatly from being exposed to such a great civilisation . 
  europe ... 
  knock , knock ... 
  the isle of sheppey . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one to recall the sordidness of the whole affair . 
  we shall not forget !, 
  it was part of the `` park keepers and public gardeners act 1982 '' under section iii '' ... removal of public drinking fountains in line with the ergometry inherent in focusing both park keepers and gardeners of public spaces work patterns to be the most efficient possible ... '' . 
  a gross decimation of our public parks which included locking the swings in term time , only cutting alternate blades of grass in lawns and banning people being permitted to use their own folding chairs . 
  rarely talked about as the falklands war distracted from it , many say deliberately so . 
  probably an age thing , i remember these in parks but they started being removed in the 80 's - thatcher 's britain , etc. . . 
  as a huge industrial slaughter never to be repeated . 
  `` ahoy '' is an interesting one , from middle english `` hoy '' , `` hoi '' is a greeting in dutch , and as you know `` ahoy '' is also a greeting in czech , slovak , and danish as `` oh\u00f8j '' . 
  although in english is purely a nautical term i ca n't help thinking it 's related to `` hi '' . 
  quite , not something i 'm interested in . 
  i 'll swop that for beer on tap . 
  as federalisation is on the cards surely that 's thinking inside the box ? 
   thinking all mep should stand on one leg all the time , having tapped beer in every eu home or relocating brussels and strasbourg to portimao is more outside ... 
  tons of hindi and urdu words in english too , avatar , bungalow ( a house in the bengal style ) , chutney ( from to crush ) , dinghy , jungle , khaki ( from dust colour ) , loot ( steal ) , mogul , pundit , shampoo , thug , etc. 
  we have an ex-politican called louise mensch , but rather disappointingly she 's far from being one ...
