  that would be too good to be true , but it 's worth hoping for . 
  cameron has indeed announced reparations ... of a sort : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34398014, 
  i had to sell a kidney for a coffee . 
  i 'm not suggesting that anyone has a right to use anything , i 'm suggesting that eu directives covering discrimination cover the supply of goods or services , as suggested in the racial equality directive 2000/43/ec . 
  hence he is not free to deny anyone based on any criteria he wishes . 
  he 's only got 20k . 
  tomorrow 's headline `` brits of jamaican descent refuse reparations . '', 
  you 'll be lucky if you get a voucher for a tin of ackee . 
  i recall that too , it was a foul demand based on dishonest foundations . 
  `` the official said cameron 's purpose in visiting jamaica and grenada was to reinvigorate their relationship with the uk . '', 
  that 's worked well then . 
  surely this is unlawful under eu regulations as it discriminates against citizens of member states on nothing but nationality . 
  no it 's originally cockney , from `` bottle and glass '' meaning arse , in this instance it means courage or guts . 
  full marks to / u/vengaa not only for the sentiment , which i applaud , but for his excellent vocab . 
  excellent opportunities for recreational drug taking , plus a large red light district . 
  i 'm sure he 'll have a great time . 
   i 've heard london be described as `` just another big city '' . 
  was that mark twain ? 
  see i held back from that ... , 
  it might be worth asking this over at / r/askeurope rather than here . 
  do n't forget to mention where you 're from , and if you have any family connections with europe that 's worth mentioning too . 
  good luck !, 
  imagine it as a handy car park for folk wanting to visit france or the nederlands . 
  good luck all , first new mod to 100 deletions wins a prize !, 
  oh mate could n't we have the karl urban one ? 
  he did indeed , i 've corrected my mistake . 
  i really enjoy our collective cinema , but it 's always difficult for me to keep track of it as often it 's not marketed at me . 
  can folk recommend any top films they 've enjoyed from the last five years or so please ? 
  preferably with eng . 
  subtitles for the lingual ignorant me . 
  one i 'm looking forward to is the norwegian `` escape '' here 's the trailer : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vkqgrmx_t4, 
  germany , austria and italy are standing together in the middle of a pub when serbia bumps into austria and spills austria 's pint . 
  austria demands serbia buy it a complete new suit because there are splashes on its trouser leg . 
  germany expresses its support for austria 's point of view . 
  britain recommends that everyone calm down a bit . 
  serbia points out that it ca n't afford a whole suit , but offers to pay for the cleaning of austria 's trousers . 
  russia and serbia look at austria . 
  austria asks serbia who it 's looking at . 
  russia suggests that austria should leave its little brother alone . 
  austria inquires as to whose army will assist russia in compelling it to do so . 
  germany appeals to britain that france has been looking at it , and that this is sufficiently out of order that britain should not intervene . 
  britain replies that france can look at who it wants to , that britain is looking at germany too , and what is germany going to do about it ? 
  germany tells russia to stop looking at austria , or germany will render russia incapable of such action . 
  britain and france ask germany whether it 's looking at belgium . 
  turkey and germany go off into a corner and whisper . 
  when they come back , turkey makes a show of not looking at anyone . 
  germany rolls up its sleeves , looks at france , and punches belgium . 
  france and britain punch germany . 
  germany punches britain and france with one hand and russia with the other . 
  russia throws a punch at germany , but misses and nearly falls over . 
  japan calls over from the other side of the room that it 's on britain 's side , but stays there . 
  italy surprises everyone by punching austria . 
  australia punches turkey , and gets punched back . 
  there are no hard feelings because britain made australia do it . 
  france gets thrown through a plate glass window , but gets back up and carries on fighting . 
  russia gets thrown through another one , gets knocked out , suffers brain damage , and wakes up with a complete personality change . 
  italy throws a punch at austria and misses , but austria falls over anyway . 
  italy raises both fists in the air and runs round the room chanting . 
  america waits till germany is about to fall over from sustained punching from britain and france , then walks over and smashes it with a barstool , then pretends it won the fight all by itself . 
  by now all the chairs are broken and the big mirror over the bar is shattered . 
  britain , france and america agree that germany threw the first punch , so the whole thing is germany 's fault . 
  while germany is still unconscious , they go through its pockets , steal its wallet , and buy drinks for all their friends . 
  i wondered if any of our german cousins knew anything about them , or if they 'd featured in the news . 
  thanks in anticipation . 
  cousins , i 'm wondering if anyone could reliably inform me about eu laws preventing censorship , especially on the web , and whether they 're the final word when they might conflict with member state laws . 
  thanks in anticipation . 
  i 've just gone to watch a series i regularly enjoy only to find it 's a compilation of clips from other shows earlier in the series . 
  effectively it 's an edited repeat and wholly unentertaining . 
  having just suffered from this annual malaise i wondered is it was just british tv which gets this lazy every christmas ? 
  1 - the pound will be revalued at one pound 10p , so it will now be worth 10p more . 
  2 - if you come to a&e and it 's neither an accident nor an emergency then you 'll be sent to a random hospital department to be practiced on . 
  3 - foreign policy . 
  germany has been too quiet for too long . 
  just saying . 
  4 - immigration . 
  this is the greatest country in the world and people want to move here . 
  we need an mp to make things worse . 
  look no further 5 - education . 
  instead of a postcode lottery a new improved street raffle will determine which schools your kids get in to . 
  6 - alex salmond to be made first minister for norwich , so he can understand what being ignored by the rest of the country is really like . 
  7 -- europe . 
  i pledge that the uk will leave europe by 2025 and the edge of the solar system by 2050 . 
  8 - the environment . 
  boris johnson to be put on an island . 
  he keeps saying that 's what he wants . 
  9 - corporations and globalisation . 
  blah blah blah paradigm blah blah blah , blah blah dialectic blah blah blah blah blah blah game-changer . 
  10 - homes for hard working families . 
  build some houses but without bringing down house prices . 
  how hard can it be ? 
  11 -- defence . 
  national service , but only for people who do n't want to do it . 
  12 - law and order . 
  unemployment causes crime : i propose to lock up the unemployed . 
  13 - local issues . 
  south thanet to be made the new capital of the uk . 
  demilitarised zone to be set-up between north and south thanet . 
  i rarely watch the bbc , prefering al-jazeera and france 24 's english services . 
  both are available via youtube , the latter also has an app . 
  can anyone recommend other tv news channels with english services from across europe ?
