  plus you can be from romanian and not be romanian , semantics i know but the pictures were n't anything special . 
  aye , but it 's still a shame how politics , which has devolved to humanities lowest effort , dominates while culture is rare . 
  especially as it 's such a common and strong shared part of our continental community . 
  stunning stuff . 
  i much prefer posts like this to the endless politics ... 
  if you do a youtube search there 's tons of his talks . 
  i 'd recommend this documentary about him for starters : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zjftqtnte8 - reading his work is n't quite as immediately informative as hearing him speak i have to admit . 
  so you 're not too impressed with brazil i take it . 
  it 's still by zizek though . 
  this is very typical of his thinking , he 's always interesting not sure why he stoked such a reaction tbh . 
  switzerland . 
  that 's not the point i 'm making though ... 
  just as w.germany was held by the west as the first line of defence against communism , e.germany was was held as the first line of defence against capitalism by the east . 
  ... as well as the first line of defence against capitalism . 
  bleedin ' vikings ... 
  not sure why wales , england , scotland and northern ireland get clumped together in this - the differences might have been interesting . 
  usually having vinnie jones in a film makes it a palme d'or winner , so this is a real shock ... 
  what and no tomato sauce on yer chips ? 
  i 'm always wary of yougov polls given how lord archer was one of the original investors . 
  yes it 's just the `` bottom half of the internet '' . 
  marvelously historically blind with some of those - like it was in a vacuum . 
  it 's not as ig russia does n't have it 's own weapon manufacturing . 
  this would be little more than a gesture . 
  exactly , wallace is n't doing much here other than muck about . 
  he wo n't sway euro-skeptic tories with this nonsense , although it does pave the way for him to claim he `` told us so '' should ukip stuff the tories at the ballot box . 
  i have made allowances for this very problem ... a pile of old pennies all pre-1900 . 
  it 's a long considered fantasy . 
  down the pub around 1900 . 
  2d a pint !, 
  ahhhhh . 
  no one taking you as seriously as you take yourself ? 
  have you tried this in / r/talkingbollocks ? 
  they like this kind of thing . 
  this includes the squelching noise of cameron getting right up merkel 's arse . 
  i 'm reading a book about ww2 this week , i do wonder how it might all end ... 
   its entirely possible to watch tv all day every day in the us and never see anything worse than mediocre . 
  well there 's a fair amount but we can pick the cherries of course . 
  despite popular misconception the u.s. does produce some great culture and we 'd be fools not to enjoy that . 
  who 's condescending ? 
  picking out the cream of the crop does n't make a good example of poor tv though , eh ? 
  by media do you mean the entire range , or just news media ? 
  typically there 's too much u.s. television but the main problem is how a lot of it is very poor , so it 's origin is n't a problem it 's more a qualitive issue . 
  i imagine many americans dislike poor tv too . 
  liberace lives !, 
  great link . 
   it 's a pro-eu circlejerk  that 's mostly true - but there is also the anti-eu-circlejerk in / r/eurosceptics if you prefer that . 
  there are too many political posts , i 'd like to see more culture , or failing that , boobs . 
  most politicians are not worthy of further discussion . 
   sold the world the idea that they fought a brave resistance i 'm not sure they have , it 's widely historically recorded how the dutch resistance was highly infiltrated and wholly compromised . 
  when otto skorzeny wanted some sten guns he used dutch codes and radios to request an airdrop of them . 
  i believe that might be too progressive an idea for some ... 
  i 'm geneuinely surprised to read how involving russia would be a good thing , but involving the u.s. would not . 
  the main thing i would say russia and ukraine have in common is wholly corrupt politicians . 
  well poland has just started calling for sanctions . 
   that said , most redditors seem to side with the opposition but when this conversation was posted on / r/europe , people were mostly talking about how the us was trying to enact regime change and play world police . 
  this is a very good point , the concern was more `` how dare she ! '', 
  than why she might be saying that . 
  i fully support the ukranian people 's struggle but i do n't see a solutionlike that happening . 
  the eu is very slow moving , often timid and too corporately interested to get involved i think . 
  it 's a shame . 
  what 's the eu expected to do about this ? 
  seriously , i 'm not being funny but the eu is effectively powerless when it comes to strife in foreign lands . 
  the us is n't of course but what do folk expect them to do ? 
  smart way for katsanevas to take a small detail of little interest and get it world wide publicity . 
  ... and you with `` joker '' in your handle . 
  it 's for the historically challenged ... 
  maybe try not taking it too seriously ? 
  boom-tsk . 
  i try to avoid it , but if you like it more power to you . 
  probably `` m '' by fritz lang , but there 's so many . 
  solaris , dobermann , come and see , holy motors , amelie , to name just a few . 
  i disagree , aside from their global position in banking they have and have had agreements with nations outside of the eu . 
  `` within the framework of efta free trade agreements with third countries , switzerland maintains preferential relationships in the sector of the services with the following countries ( in alphabetical order ) : chile , colombia , costa rica , hong kong , mexico , panama , singapore , south korea , ukraine and the countries of the gulf cooperation council ( gcc , which comprises of the following countries : united arab emirates , bahrain , saudi arabia , oman , qatar end kuwait ) , and partially with canada and peru . '', 
  and : `` currently , switzerland is negotiating on preferential treatment in services with the following countries : efta - vietnam efta - customs union belarus-kazakhstan-russia efta - indonesia efta - india '' source : http://www.seco.admin.ch/themen/00513/00586/00593/index.html?lang=en#sprungmarke3_25 there 's some tiger economies in there , and they 're not suffered a credit crunch nor austerity . 
  personally i think it 's a moot point , the swiss will vote and have their result - good luck to them whatever it is . 
  well it makes it harder , not sure it 's that much harder . 
  i 'm disappointed to see the uk falling behind in competition with these sellers ... 
  i 'm happy for the swiss to have such an active democracy and i 'm happy with whatever they choose to vote for . 
  why do you assume these jobs would disappear ? 
  you 're running away with this , the vote on the table is free movement , not disallowing eu citizens to work in switzerland . 
  excellent , thanks . 
  do norway & germany still have national service ? 
  yes , and to the ddr . 
  although when i went the wall was complete and functional . 
  i mistakenly thought they tore it down ... 
  it 's ugly too , great shame . 
  interesting stuff , the wall is one tourist attraction i believe germany was happy to lose . 
  although i agree with your sentiment i 'm not sure scoreboarding it helps . 
  then it ends up with throwing numbers around like confetti . 
  i 'm surprised at the fuss over the word `` fuck '' myself , it 's close to navel gazing when the ukraine deserves more ... 
  the eu does n't really respond to troubles though does it ? 
  typically it 's done through nato . 
  thanks . 
  what 's this research for ? 
  paywall ... 
  i think it 's grand to have lots of sochi threads while ukraine has it 's megathread ghetto . 
  who wants to be distracted from the glorious sight of a russian macdonalds after all ? 
  that 'll be every time a brit posts it 's anti-eu or summit ... 
  yes it is . 
   the plan is not secret and is not even a plan .
