  first time in 45 years aside from the stasi ... 
  fair play to hungary . 
  damn the bbc for putting grafitti on greek walls , and nixon for acting against the euro long before it existed ... just need a role for those pesky jews now . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  i enjoy other regional british and european accents more than american , my favourites are near-east ; indian , sri lankan , etc. 
  i was thinking of turks & muslims , pergida and the nsu murder spree . 
  not a godwin i assure you , i was thinking of turks & muslims , pergida and the nsu murder spree . 
   also didyou really just compare the greek situation to the holocaust ? 
  no , that 's your projection , part of your series of jumping tracks . 
  big deal , i 've reported you to the cst and adl . 
  you 're lucky to get away with being offended ... for now . 
  it 's the greeks being painted as enemies , it 's almost as if germany has a habit of picking on a minority , decrying them as feckless , lazy and a drain on their economy and hoping everyone else will join in ... 
  spot on . 
  there 's a mixture of banksters and shills actively promoting the nonsense you describe , capital is king and everyone else is a peasant . 
  stop being anti-semitic . 
  fuck off , you 're only having a go at me because i 'm jewish , shame on you . 
  another straw man , one more and you win a `` fuck off '' . 
  help yourself : https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=goldman+sachs+greek+adoption+of+the+euro&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=4nmrve2bdou2uarbgngp, 
  fallacious . 
  straw man . 
  worth considering how a lot of that money flowed northwards for infrastructure projects to german companies . 
  it 's similar in a way to afghan `` airplane aid '' . 
   saying , ` greece cooked the books , ' credit where credit 's due , it was goldman sachs . 
   we are a european union . 
  not a survival of the fittest union . 
  it 'll be nice to see a little unity , people to people . 
  it 's an interesting painting of the situation but one to salve readers conscience more than illuminate , as i see it there 's corrupt politicians , banksters and not so corrupt politicians putting the greeks last . 
  punishments for the folk who got greece in this position are nil , they 're meted out to the greek people instead . 
  we should have a megathread ( in english and french ) of all the savage events ever involving european nations . 
  khaki , bungalow , shampoo , thug , pajamas . 
  thanks . 
  okay , thanks . 
  but where 's the film ? 
  exactly my thoughts when those folk died at the cheese rolling . 
  putin would be joining the americans if he did . 
  i 'm burning tyres as i type !, 
  i should probably open a window ... 
  finland 's biggest import to be guilt . 
  it 's not truly random is it ? 
  no aggression from me i assure you , more schadenfreude at the idea of someone having got through dover thinking `` at least we 've finally got to paris . 
  with this and the calais blockade i guess some people may have picked the wrong week to visit france . 
  try searching for `` sauvons calais '' , it 's not pretty , via papers like la voix du nord and the ever excellent france 24 . 
  oh you radicals !, 
  sounds like we could do with a texan death squad or two ... , 
  glorious empire my arse , more like curry to celebrate our wonderfully diverse society . 
  curry . 
  is she a looker ? 
   edit : grammer hehe, 
  usually we do rounds , a fine and arcane practice taught to us by god . 
  `` banks are more important than citizens '' is the mantra . 
  no ancient refugees ? 
  i think greeks would shun a new greek currency and keep using the euro . 
  just as any of us would in the same situation . 
  fluide glacial is better , hebdo is more viz than anything else . 
  a fine product with a proven track record . 
  viva l'republique !, 
  french made ? 
  they 're the best . 
  yes , he and reckless were both conservative mps , they both defected to ukip and he 's the only one to keep his seat . 
  well they 're desperate for followers are n't they ? 
  david duke ( ex-kkk and full time shit ) has gone the other way and has toured the middle east as pro-muslim but anti-jew . 
  this right wing-inconsistency is a good thing though . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't really go for stereotypes , they 're too dull , and i deffo do n't go for them with turks - my barber would be furious . 
  i ca n't speak for anyone else , but i 'd not equate vile wilders with the wonderful dutch i assure you . 
  nigel farage does have a point though . 
  refmiugrantuees . 
  with that name they 're obviously all dutch , let them sort it out . 
  quite , definitions matter after all ... 
  or perhaps not having been taught it ? 
  back in the 70 's foreign language teaching in schools was rather basic , and typically involved writing rather than speaking . 
  i remember german lessons where the teacher would set a jaunt through pages x-xx and sit there smoking . 
  it dampens enthusiasm . 
  yes , more of the dull grey overcoat of generalisation when what we want is the lime green posing pouch of reality . 
  i agree , it should be called / r/wurldnoos . 
  i consider myself very lucky to have been born to it , and honoured by so many folk speaking it . 
  i do try to speak french and german but usually end up sounding so much like a special needs case with a cleft palate i 'm often asked to just speak english . 
  if it saves money it 's a solid idea , however i imagine it would be unpopular with the public , not least those in nations were housing is at a shortage . 
  this is illegal immigration , i do n't see why illegality should be considered as the same as legal . 
  if someone were illegally driving a car you could n't reasonably link it to legal driving . 
  6 ) mi6 do n't chase publicity on what they do , or do not , do . 
  it 's grand is n't it ? 
  you really should put a spoiler alert if you 're telling us the plot of the next mad max movie ... 
  pah !, 
  i prefer to do my shopping at hamas-r-us and the isisuperstore ... they 're more ethical . 
  yes , pinochet . 
  will they be staying at his ? 
  you 're welcome comrade . 
  i 've never felt quite as decadent as when in the ddr , just wearing a leather jacket and shoes it did look like i was taking the mickey . 
  ... and also putting bankers over greeks . 
  it 's not as progressive as some might suggest . 
  what a waste of parliamentary time , sure there 's a feel good factor for the cortes generales in a pat yourself on the back way but there 's no function to this . 
  although i can see plenty of these forms ending up in libya and the like ... we 're not boat people we 're jews , etc. 
  go to austria or southern germany for a krampuslauf - you 'll not forget that in a hurry . 
  source ? 
  fuck 'em , they 're only penguins . 
  their opinions are rated just slightly higher than yours . 
  interesting to see someone with israeli flair promoting '' the home of europe 's new right '' ... e2a : flair changed ... false flag anyone ? 
  a delightfully romantic outlook . 
   i think the worse examples was going into the ddr and being required to exchange 25brd marks for 25ddr marks , which was only slightly more profitable than setting fire to them .
