  they 're more likely doing it than talking about it . 
  \u0420\u041d\u0415 called , they want their swastika flags back . 
  worth bearing in mind how the brits are both used to either not having rights , or having them ignored . 
   anti/eurosceptic there 's a growing urge for these to be linked and unfairly i think . 
  it 's one thing to be against something and quite another to be sceptical of it . 
  of course the problem is how scepticism is often taken as being anti , which is a shame because it stifles debate and shows just a little insecurity if something is seen as beyond scepticism . 
  democracy should be a clash of ideas , and we should endeavour to talk reasonably about such things . 
  imagine if your state decided to have it 's own currency , it 'd struggle to maintain parity with the dollar . 
  the westminster govt . 
  will make it as difficult as possible for scotland should they gain independence , and currency will be just a part of that . 
  the other option is to join the eurozone and adopt the euro , but that 's not in a good place at the moment - again imagine your state adopting say the panamanian balboa ... 
  oh netball , which team has the best looking ladies ? 
  i 'm not interested in what the mods of another subreddit may or may not think . 
  this is n't relevent to this one . 
  why are you posting a u.s. issue here ? 
  '' `` we were up there for the european elections too and only one person voted , '' he explained . '', 
  do a lot of brits live up there ? 
  let 's be honest , if you 're mad enough to want to go kill people , enslave others , and commit any number of attrocities in the name of your god there 's not a great deal which might demotivate you - least of all this . 
  okay it means you can arrest any obvious supporters in germany , but that could likely already be done under anti-terror laws . 
  the public use of the symbols has n't been thought through . 
  the is flag includes the shahada , one of the five sunni pillars of faith ; and the purported seal of mohammed . 
  both of which could be used quite legitimately by muslems who are n't radicals . 
  they do but it 's not such a juicy story is it ? 
  sounds good but what does it actually do against isil ? 
  ahhh but there you say it in a more respectful manner , and it suits you . 
  there 's a downward trend here : http://www.ukpolitical.info/turnout45.htm and here : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/aboutparliament/en/000cdcd9d4/turnout-%281979-2009%29.html which reflects growing discontent : http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/24/world/europe/britain-elections.html http://inlinepolicy.com/2014/european-elections-highlight-voter-discontent-ahead-of-eu-talks/  the best this planet has ever had to offer quasi-mystical nonsense masquerading as serious discourse , you 're imagining a utopia here not me . 
  so you 're suggesting franco has nothing to do with modern spain ? 
  sure it 's the same with national elections . 
  the problem is how the vacuum gets taken up by folk like ukip . 
  well do n't give them the benefit of the doubt if you choose , i 've never heard heard them speak so i could n't presume to say . 
  regardless , insulting someone 's intelligence is a poor way to discuss anything . 
  aspiration towards becoming middle-class is n't a viable solution for most working-class folk . 
  the part which disturbs me is the limited horizon of political imagination offering a perpetual underclass of which some folk might be lucky enough to progress upwards a notch or two and then cash in on the underclass themselves . 
  this is n't the progressive ideal which the eu is often portrayed as , it 's just business as usual but with more masters . 
  how does consumer protection , of which the uk has plenty and historically the first of it , stack up against the op 's class concerns ? 
  it 's like telling someone who struggles to afford the bus fare to work how all brand new cars now have improved safety features . 
  there 's generally a democratic deficit , which is reflected in the eu . 
  this is why voter turn-out typically gets lower and lower . 
  this is usually explained away as voter apathy but it 's actually the political classes disregarding the needs of the electorate and the electorate realising it . 
  as more folk become disengaged from any meaningful political process and reasonable representation any claims of democratic legitimacy are effectively baseless . 
  for me the eu is just a more corporate , and multinational , version of business as usual - that is a lack of representation but a well-dressed one . 
  i 'd second that , although fukip have more policies . 
  easy now . 
  you may well disagree with what someone says but there 's no need to be insulting , and it 's worth considering how the form of expression may be tempered by english not being the mother tongue of the person you 're disagreeing with . 
  exactly , older nations were all formed by it and benefited well from it . 
  there 's a hint of pulling up the ladder behind you to it . 
  i believe you 've too short a memory , these people want self-determination having been brutally surpressed by franco , yet these are the nationalists and an inevitable source of conflict ? 
  viva catalonia !, 
  the daily mail was pro-fascist before the war - http://www.teleread.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/bg8prc6cmaaw7zm.jpg-large.jpeg, 
  spot on . 
  the only repeatedly reliable uk media is private eye , which does n't really have an online edition . 
  they reveal things about all the main newspapers and none of it is attractive nor confidence inspiring . 
  none , but i could n't think of anything worse as it 's the difference i enjoy . 
  ... and go down in history as the pm who broke the union . 
  ah yes , but imagine what he looked like before . 
  bande dessin\u00e9e are quite popular with my circle of chums , esp : giraud , druillet , bilal , etc. 
  everyone looks good in a suit , that 's why folk wear them , esp . 
  to court . 
  lucky crims , the nederlands is a much better place , even to be locked up . 
  it could be a lot worse ... 
  this incredibly short story lacks any context . 
  soldiers have a habit of writing or drawing on their helmets , you 'd have to dig a little deeper to reveal what any of it might truly mean . 
  this has n't been done here , it 's just a shock-horror filler . 
  agreed , it 's total cobblers ... this piece by them makes more sense : http://www.bizfeedz.com/bulk-50-hand-i-love-you-symbol-charms-double-sided-22-x-12mm-antique-silver-tone-by-nicoledebruin-2/, 
  he did n't mention how flat it was ... 
  sure , but a water cannon can cost around 40k , a second hand helicopter 800k . 
  email them and ask for a source , we 'd all be interested to know . 
  it 's very unusual to meet an european as dishonest as you seem to be , we tend to prefer total disagreement rather than that . 
  where are you from ? 
  no one has asked what you believe . 
  i believe you avoid honestly answering the question and dress it up as being enquiring . 
  it 's a paper thin response which can easily be seen through . 
  it 's exactly this type of chicanery which does the eu harm , why not try honesty ? 
  so remove nations from the eu for having election results you might disagree with ? 
  that 's ever-so-slightly totalitarian . 
  it was a good show , unfortunately it clashed with the burghley horse trials , so quite a few competitors left early to attend burghley . 
  there 's coverage on bbc i-player should any brits wish to catch up with it . 
  they can offer free drugs to anyone who might want them , they 're still going to lose most of their seats in the next ge . 
   an honest politician ... 
  even just this seems to be asking for a miracle though . 
  instead we 've got waves of ultra right politicos disguised as `` telling it how it is ... '' and doing well out of that . 
  i wish i could share your optimism . 
  ahhh an interesting link about immigration !, 
  all the discussion aside * i think this has come too late . 
  the middle ground has been surrendered by all of our governments typically refusing to discuss immigration in any meaningful manner , and even tried to silence any mention of it . 
  this has converted a large part of the electorate to harder views on it , typically anti , and we 're seeing the effects of that in the sizeable swing to the right across europe . 
  * ... and i have n't watched this in it 's entirity yet . 
  yes i support my nation 's recognition , and we 've recognised since day one so it 's a joy not only to see my country do the right thing , but do it from the start . 
  i 've asked one question which you 've not answered . 
  instead you 've asked four or five more . 
  you answer my first question and i 'll engage your others . 
  no , it 's a counter to your claim of efficiency . 
  if the books ca n't be audited how can such be claimed ? 
   insouciant they 're french ? 
  re-education centres perhaps ? 
  has it managed audited accounts yet ? 
  the media seems to hand coverage to ukip on a plate , and often the other parties are n't on the ball enough to counter it . 
  the other week newsnight covered , at length , farage being selected to stand in thanet south - they briefly spoke to the labour candidate who sat with the leader of the council for the interview and ended up looking like a naughty schoolboy dragged with a parent before the head master . 
  meanwhile the conservatives declined an interview ( ? ), 
  and ld and green were n't even mentioned .
