  similarily when the euro elections were up not only was there tons of coverage of any ukip-ist even farting they descended into a few subreddits in some numbers . 
  it suggests a powerful political movement , which it really is n't . 
  they 're in france and they 're the folk who can only abide by the schengen option as i understand it . 
  for us to do anyhting we 'd have to let them enter the u.k. and the suthorities do n't want to do that , and honestly would you ? 
  original : http://fr.euronews.com/2014/09/07/a-calais-france-pro-et-anti-clandestins-manifestent-a-distance/#.vaynh56r404.twitter, 
  i do n't that 's allowed , the best they can hope for is being transported back to their entry point within the schengen area , which is most often greece . 
  last time they bulldozed the camps the authorities did offer some form of support nearby , it was vague and most migrants did n't take them up on it . 
  maybe you could explain it to them  coming from me they get the wrong idea . 
  quite a few calais residents are blaming the british , mainly for not letting them in . 
  you 're right there . 
  they 're having their `` sauvon calais '' protest tomorrow . 
  1939 all over again ... 
  who originated the map ? 
  ... and the link to radical islam ? 
  an exaggerated view linking radical islam with sexual criminality where no link exists , unless you have some evidence . 
  dreadful spelling too . 
  the power of nightmares is much greater in the us , both the politicians and the media like to push it as the actuality , especially abroad where the us public ca n't see it . 
  `` here 's a bogey man ! '', 
  is one thing but if it 's suggested it 's just over the hill out of sight it 's quite another and possibly creates more fear . 
  here it 's quite popular to think of yanks as stupid , but that 's a ridiculous idea is n't it ? 
  this media and political bias can be viewed simplistically with google searches , do them yourself if you do n't believe the numbers . 
  this is n't scientific , but does illustrate . 
  google `` arrest of radical muslims in europe '' results = 1,110,000 google `` arrest of radical muslims in usa '' results = 1,160,000 those are pretty even are n't they ? 
  around 5 % difference . 
  they typically , but not always , reflect arrests of the bad guys , which is a good thing of course . 
  google `` arrest of radical muslims in europe '' news results = 2,830 google `` arrest of radical muslims in usa '' news results = 1,050 suddenly the figures more than double when the same search is done in news . 
  this shows one is being more reported than the other , and it 's not because all the us arrests are done secretly . 
   google `` radical islam in europe '' news results = 5,620 google `` radical islam in usa '' news results = 2,210 and a similar jump for the concept , these are typically editorials or editorials disguised as news . 
  most radical islam is in the middle east or further east , as are most attacks , which in the last week have been : 2014.09.02 ( al-wefaq , egypt ) - eleven police officers are blown to bits by a fundamentalist bomb blast . 
  2014.09.01 ( bartala , iraq ) - a christian is tortured and killed by the islamic state after refusing to convert to islam . 
  2014.08.31 ( ramadi , iraq ) - thirty-seven iraqis killed by a shahid suicide bomber . 
  2014.08.31 ( shabwa , yemen ) - two shahid suicide bombers take out a half-dozen victims . 
  2014.08.30 ( borno , nigeria ) - boko haram militants spray machine-gun fire into villages while yelling praises to allah . 
  at least fourteen are killed . 
  2014.08.30 ( jalalabad , afghanistan ) - a shahid suicide bomber kills six people . 
  our governments quite like us to be scared though , it makes controlling us easier , it produces less fuss when they choose to spend our tax cash on weapons and security , it used to be reds under the bed , now it 's jihadis . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpbn1zu80ji try this : http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=izeps15bgicc&amp;printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false, 
  the only difference i know of is which path you join , typically eu just walk through past enquiring eyes , others go through immigration and the like . 
  there was a big fuss about this with some past ww2 commemorations ; canadian 70 year-old veterans standing in long queues while german veterans stroll through , etc. 
   i do n't see how open borders would benefits these nations as they do n't share any borders with europe . 
  with air travel they effectively do though do n't they ? 
  no , but ultimately it 's up to the germans . 
  depends where they 're going ... 
  '' ... so we can all come together through social media to make change : '' idiotic . 
  ah a fresh excuse . 
  still bs but a new one ... 
  you asked for engagement , got it and then bottled it ... appalling . 
  very poor . 
  play the victim if you insist . 
  there 's not much to that article . 
  also `` rosol is polish chicken ( beef ) noodle soup '' . 
  nonsense , i 'm not a fan of the monarchy for a start , i make up my own mind on how to behave and no-one not even you gets to tell me what to do . 
  wearing your heart on your sleeve is ridiculous , it just allows folk to try to take advantage and manipulate you , as you 've shown . 
  you 've also wrongly assumed this is uniquely towards the french , which it is n't . 
  is your quest for victimhood really that strong ? 
  it 's interesting that i took your post seriously , responded even-handedly and you reply in a most ungenerous manner . 
  only after they shot you ... 
  easy now , us non-footy folk can claim moral dignity without doing anything different and you 've given the game away . 
  well the bottom fell out of the diamond/jewellery market so that 's 20 % which is needed at the moment . 
  see i find them too expensive , i prefer the czech ones made in a factory owned by germans and with a different badge on . 
  you 're taking a poll a trifle too seriously . 
  also the very nature of banter is typically about not taking things seriously , so what you 're suggesting regarding banter is missing the point . 
  more on that later . 
  seriously though , as you insist , i would n't be able to respond to such a poll seriously , it 's nonsense based on stereotypes . 
  the pollsters may as well have given folk an image of a man in a stripey shirt , a beret , smoking a gauloise , with a bicycle adorned with a string of onions - and a set of darts to throw at it . 
  nationalities and charactor traits do n't march hand-in-hand , if they did life might be a little easier but dreadfully dull . 
  france has hateful bigots just as england does , that does n't make you and me bigots though it 's just assigned one trait to a number of folk , the national boundary to it is almost pointless . 
  my personal view of france is close to adoration , i adore it 's cinema , it 's artists , various other cultural gems and enjoy going there on a fairly regular basis . 
  i 'd not wear that on my sleeve , nor even mention it to a frenchman until i though him worthy of being told . 
  in misunderstanding banter , and i believe you have , you 're missing an opportunity to actually get to know the english . 
  it 's de rigueur in both greeting and communication , a verbal version of a masonic handshake which , if done properly , will quickly reveal if someone is suitable to continue talking with . 
  it 's best done face to face but with a few sentences you can suss a strangers social class , intelligence , education , iconism , etc. 
  within the uk we do it between countries , regions and even cities , beyond we do similar with australians , new zealanders , south africans , canadians , etc. . . the yanks do n't seem to get it though . 
  there 's been some whinging about banter ecently but i think it misses the point , it 's a communication tool , there 's an interesting article about it , decrying the notion of it being idiotic but suggested there 's good and bad banter - i do n't agree with any of those points though : http://realgrasshopper.wordpress.com/2012/03/07/if-you-participate-in-bad-banter-youre-an-idiot/ i was interested to hear zizek talk about similar in the fyi , i 'd link to it if i could find it - so it 's not unique to the english - although we probably do do it best . 
  ... that 's a very arrogant thing to say . 
  ... waiting for someone from germany or france to post . 
  i thought the eu was marketed as the conduit of peace for sixty years , has this myth changed ? 
  this just shows a dreadful lack of imagination when naming children ... 
  lots of words , very little action . 
  no i do n't make fun of them , in your case it 's more pity . 
  shame you just cut and paste dictionaries rather than read them . 
  you claimed you ca n't define `` art '' , i offered a definition and you assume i missed the point . 
  i often have this problem with folk whose first language is n't english . 
  you letting hogwash thinly disguised as intellectualism get in the way of simple facts , and even simpler opinion . 
  words have meanings whether you like it or not , whether you deny it or not . 
  the word `` undefinable '' has a definition as it should , with your wooly thinking the word `` undefinable '' would be without definition because whether something is , or is n't undefinable is subject to the understanding of the subject involved . 
  it 's flawed logic . 
  the dictionary has no problem : noun noun : art ; plural noun : arts ; plural noun : the arts 1 . the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination , typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture , producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power . 
  `` the art of the renaissance '' synonyms : fine art , artwork , creative activity `` he studied art '' works produced by human creative skill and imagination . 
  `` his collection of modern art '' synonyms : fine art , artwork , creative activity `` he studied art '' creative activity resulting in the production of paintings , drawings , or sculpture . 
  `` she 's good at art '' 2 . the various branches of creative activity , such as painting , music , literature , and dance . 
  `` the visual arts '', 
  ... and added how it was an internal affair . 
  the security forces have a great sense of humour too ... and he actually said he hoped it was a big joke , not the same as you suggest . 
  quite , i should add `` do n't panic . '', 
  too . 
   are we all talk ? 
  surely we 're not enough talk ? 
  baader meinhof , as in the excellent film baader meinhof complex . 
  do you know he had a more common nickname of `` butcher '' harris ?
