  you suggested that security agencies would n't hit first , you 're incorrect . 
  that was just the most extreme example of violence meted out that day . 
  not only were my parents born by ' 67 , so was i. i 'm on subject , you 've decided to jump tracks . 
  i 'm disappointed how the first i 've heard of all this on here is once there 's a protest . 
  why so ? 
  quite , he did n't have the inclination for all that . 
  i think it shows politicians as being more like the public , so it 's not as big a deal as it once was . 
  one of my grandfathers-in-law was a conscientious objector and as a result worked at a pow with italians , the main results of which were he learnt how to cook great pasta and had a number of very good italian friends right up to his final days . 
  you did n't give a penny you cheeky bugger . 
  nail on head . 
  if shorter hours are your only interest i 'd stay put . 
  auto no-bot needed . 
  well if that 's their point they 're mistaken . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'd be happy to see the debt written off , but it was the u.s. who funded the rebuilding of germany . 
  there 's plenty of ways this could be negotiated but the greek govt . 
  has choosen the dirtiest route first . 
  here we are discussing this like good citizens but imagine if i 'd started this reply with profanity , insult and guilt trip . 
  well the israeli 's have the holocaust industry sown up . 
  maybe we can get a bot for this in future . 
  no , it 's a dirty effort to make the germans feel guilty about something long beyond their control and responsibility . 
  whichever greek politicians came up with this approach should hang their heads in shame . 
  not sure why you posted this here . 
  care to illuminate ? 
  rich coming from a serb . 
  sorry i thought you said eu . 
  do n't be daft , have n't you ever seen a hill ? 
  tl : dr economic powerhouses , cultural centres v shitholes . 
  well we were so overjoyed to get slovenia in ... 
  aye but japan 's population is much older , the birth rate is lower , they 're running out of room and they do n't have decent beer . 
  who is we ? 
  he looks like he should have a job in the city of london ... 
  sure when they want their lawn mowed , or a bed made ... 
  it 's as true of any visitor . 
  i would n't dare suggest otherwise . 
  cue interesting pronounciation by tourists , making locals giggle . 
  i 'm genuinely surprised the french one is n't ytrewq given their penchant for having everything backwards in comparison . 
  i 've many anglo-greek friends and think very highly of the greeks as a whole . 
  i 'm not going to let an economic crisis change that especially when the typical greek has been royally shafted by banks and governments totally beyond their control . 
  same would apply to just about anyone . 
  exactly ... and no effort to prepare for it underway . 
  hehe , well mass unemployment to start with ... 
  you may have confused the british isles with the uk , the former having been around longer than the latter , scotland ca n't leave a geographic archipelago . 
   no outside communication or record of individual member-states position before , during , or after the meeting sessions . 
  so no free press , no attempt at democratic process and a free-pass for any member nation govt because in the face of legitimate opposition to an unpopular military action they can simply claim they did n't vote for it . 
  i 'm not convinced that 's an effort to avoid `` over complication '' . 
  this would seem to contradict your user name . 
  but you get canals , more canals . 
  do n't worry about it , you can hide in my basement . 
  oh i would n't be so sure of that , ww1 conscription was 18-40 , ww2 was 18-41 , until '41 when they raised the bar to 51 . 
  only national service was for the young ` uns 17-21 . 
  i fall outside of all of those , but have yet to develop the quite common urge of being pro-conscription now it would n't effect me . 
  eurovision is like the grand canal in venice with lots of folk finding it beautiful and with a great atmosphere but ultimately it 's full of excrement , some of which floats . 
  here it depends on who they are and where they 're from . 
  so when , as is often the case , a forces veteran is found living on the streets it 's a great public shame . 
  when it 's foreigners there 's typically little pity . 
  there has been a big fuss here over `` anti-homeless '' spikes though which suggests an underlying current of care and concern . 
  i 'm worried about the rising prices of all that neat rubbish made by chinese children . 
  how about this for a plan ? 
  i think we should have drone theme parks , why should the military get all the best toys ? 
  i do n't think this pieces paints it black and white enough , ca n't we just say good and evil , put on uniforms , strut about a bit , get guns and then ... oh , er ... maybe not . 
  the real issue for me is about people , do we want to give citizens a good socially just europe to live in or do we want to make life easy for corporations , banking and others , at the cost of that ? 
  i 'm not buying into all of `` this '' is `` that '' , the `` great other '' , etc. 
  the only thing you can rightly claim all greeks are is greek . 
  i applaud the subtext to this post . 
  if you 're going to austria there 's their annual auslanderjagd in may , you 'd be most welcome there i guarantee . 
  us news media has devolved into a literary fiction , we need a genre name for it like sci-fi , chick-lit , or similar . 
  brilliant , i have a suspicion this german batt . 
  will become the toughest in the bundeswehr . 
  i 'm above the age of conscription so unless it sank to a neo-volksturm approach i 'd not have to . 
  having said that i 'd really rather not , i think we lost enough last century and have learned better ways , however if needs be i 'd have no problem with military service . 
  i live closer to france than london and enjoy regular visits there . 
  islam is not taking over france , it 's a nonsense . 
  i 've seen some of the us televion coverage making claims about various parts of france and england becoming wholly muslim and apparently no-go areas for the rest of the population , and it would be hilarious if it was n't taken so seriously . 
  imagine if i were to suggest buddhists controlled ohio , you 'd likely find that funny , until you realised that i was earnest ... 
  examples : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/12/paris-lawsuit-fox-news-reporting-no-go-zones-non-muslims http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/jan/12/fox-news-expert-ridiculed-over-birmingham-is-totally-muslim-city-claims, 
  it might cause a problem with shipping : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtffmxjmehs, 
  this might explain the popularity of the eu with our younger student citizens . 
  yes it it is . 
  that 's the key then , go outside and tell them they 're not russian soldiers as they 've got the wrong gun and could they please bugger off . 
  this is one of the most honest , intelligent and thought-provoking films on this subject i 've ever enjoyed . 
  also : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/mar/05/britain-debate-europe-the-great-european-disaster-movie, 
  why not ask your friend ? 
  i really enjoy pipe bands , they 're stirring and i can see why folk would march into combat with them . 
  they also produce interesting men like bill millin : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bill_millin, 
  this is more about control for the benefit of corporations than anything else . 
  the web gives us a chance to experience the culture we choose to experience and this is an effort to disrupt that . 
  the little lime on canterbury cricket ground was robbed ... https://sarahcanterbury.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/floodlit-lime-tree-essex-t20-20111.jpg , 
  the media in the uk typically covers religions with respect , but it 's very much a minority interest and so is rarely covered . 
  when it is covered it 's more likely to be the archbishop of canterbury , leader of the coe , speaking out about social injustice than anything gospel related . 
  this is a relatively recent evolution , it was n't long ago schools had prayers and hymns as part of everyday school life - now that would only be available in a specifically religious school . 
  there 's little religious programming on television anymore , the dire `` songs of praise '' - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/songs_of_praise - is still plodding on . 
  there did used to be a god slot at the end of channels closing down , typically just before the national anthem , but television does n't end anymore so that 's disappeared . 
  tbh the type of religious guff we see coming out of the u.s. is similar to what we once had , perhaps 50 years or more ago , but do n't have anymore . 
  that 's why it 's galling to have the growth of islam , with it 's often medieval perspective , in europe . 
  we all moved on , everyone got rights and respect and suddenly there 's a new wave of puritanical neo-lutheranism which we 're supposed to take seriously . 
  hitch puts it best of course ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5secbzxomb8, 
  the scots have the best ones in the uk : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vpfl80soeu, 
  up ya bum . 
  i imagine there 'll be a lot of back channels wrangling going on while she 's in china . 
  when she comes back i imagine we 'll see something happen .
