  it 's akin to how , typically white , brits decry the illegality of homosexuality in the west indies - the very laws imposed there by past british imperialism . 
  short memories and little thought ... 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  spend it on strippers and drugs and then see how much of a waste you think dual citizenship would have been . 
  perhaps one of the home counties ? 
  that 's the counties bordering london . 
  obviously the closer you are to the capital the more expensive it is . 
  kent is not a bad option because it 's close to mainland europe and a solid base to travel to places like france , benelux and germany . 
  god told us to . 
  the uk of course , but seeing as you felt the need to ask i 'm not sure we 'd welcome you any more . 
  yep , it makes a change from ukip though does n't it ? 
  you engage them , i 've more interesting things to do than talk with propagandists . 
  `` there does n't seem to be anything here '', 
  you 've posted this in the wrong place . 
  piety is not an attractive trait either . 
  well it also suggest a uk exit , which wo n't happen . 
  one of the best written pieces i 've seen about the eu for ages - thanks !, 
  of course you 're not because it 's not all about you . 
  you may now fuck off . 
  well you stick to playing the victim , and i , with several hundreds of others , will stick to checking the ma website for the passenger list to be released so we can try to trace down our relatives ? 
  thanks . 
  until the passenger lists are published many wo n't know ... 
  i 'm still chasing details on malay and australian family who where over last weekend for a wedding . 
  thought of syria instead ? 
  i ) he was n't insulting you . 
  ii ) you 've come to the wrong place . 
  iii ) grow up . 
  try / r/spain or / r/askeurope perhaps ? 
  not really interesting enough to post a second time , why are you so wound up ? 
  well take it personally then . 
  jta probably is n't though ... 
  thanks . 
  only reported by the jewish telegraphic agency - any non-biased reports ? 
  no , but i 'm not claiming that as a victory for democracy . 
  ... and juncker was the architect of the lux . 
  tax avoidance system . 
  hurrah !, 
  fallacious . 
  did it ? 
  which people got to vote ? 
  i did n't . 
  well fuck me . 
  i think the ddr had a shortage of coli 's , and you had to queue for e. 
  good for e. germany . 
  yes , had they won he might have held onto power for a good few years longer . 
  that 's gib related though is n't it ? 
  usually it 's just the argentine govt . 
  which uses this as a distraction ... 
  typically politicians are n't as popular as celebs or sports stars - no real surprise there . 
  personally i would n't go out of my way to `` like '' politicos on social media , there 's so few i actually like but it 's also a rather banal thing to do i think . 
  politics is pretty reasonably followed and internationally too . 
  that does n't make it too bright though , just followed . 
  this subreddit is a good example , plenty of us mainly just discussing politics , even though i think that 's a bit of a waste compared to discussing culture . 
  yes that 's true enough , although it does also mean access to many more idiots so it 's swings and roundabouts . 
  you 're right , i do n't care . 
  i believe he means the last 30 years of ... etc. 
  this is about collecting data , it does n't follow that they might know what the data means . 
  it 's more an extension of state stupidity than anything else . 
  yes the state is corrupt , but it follows how that means if they do n't have the evidence they want they will make it . 
  or if they have evidence they do n't want they will lose it . 
   anyone with a normal iq would understand that this article serves one purpose and that is to induce fear for brown people into the australian population through dishonest journalism . 
  is that the same folk with normal iq 's who ca n't type without insult ? 
  i think this is worth simply deleting . 
  is this true ? 
  i agree , i was just challenging the idea that what he was saying was automatically the actuality . 
  i do n't share your confidence about us being able to create the climate . 
  in the uk our govt . 
  typically protects it 's own interests first , then that of it 's friends , and only sometimes that of the electorate . 
  i suspect this is true of other member nations too ... 
  exactly . 
  i find it worrying how politicians are taken at face value , or from their words so willingly . 
  it makes their life too easy while continuing to make ours tough . 
  `` when it becomes serious , you have to lie . '', 
  jean-claude juncker http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/31/us-eu-eurogroup-president-idusbre94u0r920130531, 
  i 've read it in it 's entirity and it does n't get any better . 
  i do n't think it should be banned , nor burned ... just not read for it 's lack of substance and style . 
  why so ? 
  i ca n't help but think the 42m wanting to go to canada are brits and yanks who would move if the 195m moved to their countries ... 
  heheh . 
  you might try it . 
  linking to questionable media sources is not an attractive trait . 
  rt 's original logo ... 
  the city has shown itself to have more muscle than politicians and uk governments time and time again , so this will get messy . 
  run on the euro anyone ? 
  nice . 
  nothing like a good discussion ... 
  the eu rules for asylum mean that the seeker is meant to apply in the first member nation they enter . 
  i 'm not sure that all of these folk are refugees in the classic sense , rather economic migrants with no paperwork . 
  i go to calais several times a year and this seems a growing problem which you ca n't miss if you drive from the port into the town . 
  the british ( uk border control starts in the port . ), 
  and french police are constantly trying to keep these folk out of the port , occasionally the fn turn up to have a go at them and sometimes uk anti-fascists go over to offer support . 
  there 's no solution in sight . 
  you are marine le penn and i claim my five pounds . 
  drole , 
  good article , thanks for sharing . 
  how is slang bigoted ? 
  there 's not a hint of hate to it ... 
  lucky i have my bilingual copy of the little red book then . 
  `` words and actions should help to unite , and not divide , the people of our various nationalities . '', 
  fits well with / r/europe / ... almost too well .
