  no worries , please do n't take me too seriously . 
  can we have mao ? 
  he was a bigger shit than those combined ... 
   figures who did n't have any real impact on europe as a whole . 
  maybe we could put our great musicians ( mozart eg ) , writers ( shakespeare , voltaire ) , scientists ( newton , einstein , capornicus ) , explores even ( columbus , de gama , cooke ) maybe engineers ( turing ) aye , little or no impact there ... : o how did stalin qualify ? 
   how is charlemagne german ? 
  dual citizenship . 
  we had newton on a quid note : http://www.britishnotes.co.uk/news_and_info/picture_library/englishpictures/reverses/b341_342__w_rev__.jpg notice how the apple gets no credit at all !!!, 
  * * kind of bickering to be expected . 
  you could have more than seven as it 's a fiction . 
  i do n't think politicians should be on there , too much like a personality cult , and that never ends well does it ? 
  culture and academia . 
  failing that - food ... 
  oh cap , i thought he said cup . 
  i do n't wear a cap in my backyard , well not unless it 's raining ... 
  it challenges the myth of the eu delivering peace across europe , so best not mention it . 
  which cup is this ? 
  quite but for judicial systems . 
  how can we tell this title is correct ? 
  ahhh threats , the progressive solution eh ? 
  i think the u.s.a. is a solidly fine nation , it 's provided me with a wealth of great culture which i 'm grateful for . 
  one thing i dislike is n't especially american , more the semi-shared tongue . 
  it 's much easier for me to listen to an american idiot than a non-english speaking idiot , the same both ways of course . 
  this makes me wish that china was more dominant as they could witter away stupidly , i would n't have a clue what they were saying , and so it could n't possibly grate . 
  i think this is one of the biggest problems the u.s.a. faces , with such a large population ( i 'd not dare suggest a higher ratio of idiots ) and english so widespread there 's a dominance which does you no favours . 
  another is your national sport ... it is n't cricket . 
  pure conjecture . 
  saying hello to magpies for luck , and not killing hares . 
  cue compatriot denying this ... 
   the fundamental idea of the eu is to ensure peace by making it politically and economically unfeasible to go to war with any neighbour , but obviously this method does n't guard against war between nations who are n't actually a part of the eu ( such as the former yugoslavia ) . 
  this is always interesting how when the claim about `` peace across europe '' is challenged it becomes something else - but it 's still repeated . 
  combine this with the swiss managing peace without the eu and the myth is revealed . 
  i 'd question the willingness of the electorate , well at least in the uk as the vote deciding it was last enjoyed by those now approaching their 60 's , and then on around 43 % of the electorate . 
  obviously that 's common to most elections , it 's similar to thatcher 's actual support . 
  i understand your feelings on this , but we are all people already . 
  the utopian in me would like to see borders halved on a regular basis until it 's down to the size which you or i might be standing in . 
  well i 'm a socialist too , so it 's us against the rest of them . 
   in true socialist fashion i have to disagree about the eu preserving the peace . 
  american military power was the original peace keeper following ww2 , the eu was n't able to do a thing with regards cyprus , ex-yugoslavia or smaller conflicts like the troubles , raf , eta etc , and it 's misplaced credit claimed by shameless politicos when typically the majority of europeans have lost their taste for war , and about time too . 
  eu member states have still deployed during that time too , like isaf and with seven member states in the top 15 arms dealers it 's an odd form of peace at best . 
  i 've enjoyed several of your posts already so thanks for another honest and thoughtful one . 
  i 've found such quite rare on here . 
  the english flag is sometimes flown over government buildings , there 's just rules for it , and you need more than one flag pole : http://www.flaginstitute.org/wp/british-flags/flying-flags-in-the-united-kingdom/british-flag-protocol/#index3, 
  sorry i ca n't see how that follows . 
  sure , i ca n't help but feel the eu is the generation of a power bloc similar to 19th/20th century ones . 
  where folk have typically tired of waving their national flag , often understandably , they choose to wave the eu one and take it as being progressive but it 's just a larger , geographically , form of nationalism . 
  there 's also an element of neo-imperialism to it , both financially and morally . 
  also there 's an unhealthy illusion that the politicians are the ones who still have the true power , which i do n't think they do any more . 
  i believe the political classes are typically happy with this so long as they get their new layer of politics . 
  it 's more jobs for them . 
  for me it 's a replication of government ( for me i have town , district , and county councils , the commons and the lords ) which fails to represent my interests or my compatriots in any meaningful manner . 
  it 's a potemkin village of democracy . 
  i 'm not convinced the eu is any different . 
  of course for the uk 20th century politics might well be a progression , as i often feel i live in a semi-feudal state , a duchy run by an class based elite . 
  again i 'm not convinced the eu would be that much different either . 
  your argument has been denied for not knowing enough of the correct information and possibly for being an american . 
  it sure beats debating the point eh ? 
   apart from the difficult issue of who will protect british citizens from uk police forces and justice systems ( it is n't as if there had never been any case of police and judicial abuse , even in recent history ) this is the key with our government though , they do n't want any protection for us , it limits their powers and their traditional corrupt use of them . 
  i think you 're too generous to cameron . 
  the key illusion is how the eu is a great `` other '' , a minor league `` evil empire '' and cameron want the uk electorate to believe he 's just the man to protect us from this , and not that upstart farage - oh no . 
  this might well work in protecting his parliamentary seats , but it also re-enforces a view held by many in the rest of the eu of the uk as a great `` other , minor league etc , etc. 
  personally i find the eu project too dated , it 's 20th century at best and 19th century politics at worst . 
  a unified military is a very expensive and complicated idea which i do n't believe would work , even from basics like linguistic differences and having unaligned and incompatible equipment . 
  this is always the problem with idealistic concepts , easy to say without any idea of how to do it or even if it is possible . 
  quite , that and the wholesale infiltration of domestic life by the nsdap , from work , to charity , to education and including compulsory membership of the youth organisations from 1936 producing a fit , willing and perfectly indoctrinated line of cannon fodder for the later part of the war . 
  exactly right . 
  it was only after it was won that the illusion of the allies being wholly good and the axis wholly bad was generated . 
  it 's a crap , unimaginative and wildly out of date insult . 
  it 'd be more insulting to say you had bad shoes ... 
  you 're a bit behind the times there ... 
  i think so , although it has been a while since i had to go to school , so happy to be revised as it were . 
   thanks to whoever for the downvote in honestly answering the question ... perhaps each question should come with an approved list of acceptable answers . 
   i was talking about the eu , but yes , they 're not that far away from sweden compared to america . 
  tbh most countries are just a flight away from any other . 
   no other groups on the planet willingly want to destroy their way of life . 
  i think the poor and the oppressed might disagree ... 
  not sure why you 're keen on claiming victimhood , it 's not very british is it ? 
  in britain i think the most obvious is ww2 , the good war , the allies wholly good and the axis wholly evil ... if it were a screenplay the film would never be made for being too extremely polarised . 
  russians still ignorant peasants shocker ... 
  exactly , although the downside is it fuels anti-eu feeling . 
  oh no it is n't . 
  ... and the ever marvelous laibach . 
  scunthorpe in the uk has the most banging tunes bruv . 
  damn those babies coming over there and not learning the language ... when will it ever end ? 
  nope . 
  zizekia would be better ... 
  ahhh cultural differences eh ? 
  see ? 
  at last someone with vision . 
  if germany paid good money they should get what they want , happens in other nations after all ... 
  dave or we walk !, 
  perhaps `` foreigner '' instead ? 
  a lot of folk appear to object to the idea of wrapping yourself in a nation 's flag and crying `` we 're great !, 
  '' , proposing instead to wrap ourselves in a continental wide flag and declaring `` we 're great ! '' . 
  it 's a mild geographic variant ... 
  back when all we had a sense of humour too ... 
  oh no it 's not . 
  nope . 
  no definately not , why how dare you insult the ... etc. 
  ten and a half million folk going `` hah !,
