   you 're falling into the b&w war movie trap here i fear , even though i appreciate the generosity behind your comments on my ancestors . 
  the key being you only mentioned the men and then only those who died . 
  also would a soviet soldier who dies the day after the ribbentrop -- molotov pact was broken be glorious and honourable while one who died the day before not be ? 
  well he lived in pain daily , drank as much as he could on top of his painkillers and finally committed suicide after more than forty years of it . 
  bear in mind i 'm old enough to have grown up surrounded by ww2 vets though and their general feeling was gladness that it was all over . 
  glory and honour are misplaced concepts in all this . 
  it 's a foul business and just about everyone involved would rather not be , and that 's more important to appreciate . 
  glory and honour have been reduced to pr buzzwords for politicians doing a feel good photo opportunity which does n't dare to scratch the surface of the actuality . 
  the anzio landings commemoration flew by with hardly a mention , the burma campaign lies buried and the japanese in china might well have never happened as far as most are concerned . 
  well the bomber offensive was based on misconceptions ; fdr 's careless public demand for unconditional surrender which merely stiffened axis resolve , the mis-evaluation of the effects of strategic bombing which was rigidly stuck to , harris ' dislike for bombing `` panacea '' ( oil , munitions , etc ) targets and his original reluctance for any scientific aids . 
  at the height of the essen bombings in '43 and berlin 43/44 many crews did n't want to do it , and either dropped their payload in the north sea , over unoccupied areas of denmark or lost their way/developed mechanic faults and landed in neutral sweden and sat out the rest of the war - yet this barely gets a mention despite being an excellent charactor trait . 
  i do n't judge anything through modern day sensibilities , i refuse it as it 's too easy and almost cliched . 
  idiots happy with idiots abroad . 
  specsavers gaza ( as in `` the gaza strip '' ) , it 's a pun on a book title . 
  it 's a complex subject so i 'll keep it simple . 
  i personally do n't appreciate the growing glamour attached to wars past , but then i had a great uncle who was a `` guinea pig '' ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guinea_pig_club ) which influenced me greatly . 
  i do n't think many of the veterans liked what they were doing , nor did they use it to drape themselves in our flag nor to claim glory nor did they ever profane the great losses for personal gain . 
  bomber harris earnt the nick name `` butcher '' from raf crews , that small fact sums it up perfectly for me . 
  bandaid on a chainsaw wound ? 
  i think the christians do better stories than this , like the one with a talking snake , or that bloke who was nailed to a tree for suggesting folk might be nice to each other . 
   even if it sounds a bit anti-intellectual or naive -- starting a debate among nations about this issue ( and the moral ambiguity of many wartime actions , national narratives etc. ), 
  can be expected to do more harm than good . 
  i do n't see why , most of us are adults , this is n't a debate among nations rather a few citizens . 
  so long as it well-mannered , and lacks any efforts at blame or guilt , as no-one here is responsible for any of it in the slightest . 
  so change the law then ? 
  of course all member states are border states though . 
  i like the memorial flight and enjoyed it many times although i do understand your question . 
  i think the danger here lies not in the iconography of material rather what most folk might associate with icons like the lancaster . 
  i fear the majority of folk see ww2 through the filter of sunday afternoon b&w war films . 
  bomber command is no exception to this , hum the dambusters tune at one of these events and that is all it means to the majority of attendees . 
  also does it 's presence encourage interest in the actuality ? 
  i think it must do to a tiny degree , and as a history buff you 'll recognise how that can lead from a vague interest with little knowledge to a greater , if incomplete , understanding . 
  too emotive to be taken seriously ; war ? 
  where 's the shelling , shooting , etc ? 
  claiming asylum ? 
  the rules for claiming this are clear and these folk choose to ignore them . 
  this piece does these poor souls no favours , nor does it lay blame where it might . 
  i disagree . 
  by adopting throwaway questions from a throwaway account perhaps ? 
  possibly , does depend on the form of the electorial system employed . 
  at the moment euro elections still have national limits which typically maintains the status quo . 
  if any citizen could vote for any candidate across the eu results would reflect political choices more keenly . 
  daily wail taking morale high ground over history causes memory loss : http://i.imgur.com/5msbfxs.jpg, 
  could try having a vote by citizens perhaps ? 
  would you consider such false flagging to be the case if it insulted a different race ? 
  i 'll file that next to `` i promise to close gitmo . '', 
  of course russia was on the axis side during the occupation of france ... but on the allied come d-day , so front row seat in the stands i think . 
  interesting , do you have a link for that please ? 
  i imagine there 's a way around it though . 
  i know you 're not , but it 's a horrible tale and i think that squeezes through and quite obviously . 
  i appreciate your sentiment though . 
  not like the free press then ? 
  why would i comment on an article i had n't read ? 
  so your main concern here is about the headline ? 
  the only person who enjoys hearing this is blair himself . 
  good to see folk not telling other folk what to do , and how rough times do n't generate the need for a whipping boy ... 
  hard to imaginr exactly how that might be possible . 
  if you to debate get informed . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to be informed then forget arguing . 
  there 's already too many folk with opinions based on thin air , do yourself a favour . 
  one minute twenty one seconds ? 
  er , thanks a bunch ... 
  good point about agriculture too . 
  nice . 
  ukip fifth columnist ? 
  any backup to this claim ? 
  very good post , and it 's the uk painted as unprogressive . 
  it was a bloody good laugh . 
  did you assume i took it seriously ? 
  i think you credit both farage & ukip with more clout than they actually have . 
  reasonable enough fears , but misplaced i think . 
  whereabouts are you from ? 
  being insulting , closed minded or disrespectful is n't the preserve of the `` far-right '' nor even just whites though . 
  there 's a great danger in labelling what we might take as unpleasant behaviour to be unique to one set or subset of society , it increases alienation . 
  when alienation is race or colour based then a lot of folk will flock to their tribe , and increasingly so . 
  it 's similar in a way to how the eu ignored any scepticism and even tended to dismiss it out of hand , so now the only way the electorate feels it can communicate is by loathing it . 
  the emotion regarding the last election will very likely feed that . 
  once you start labelling all of anything as something beyond what it is it 's just a matter of time before folk will embrace what was originally intended to be an insult . 
   people are turning to cult like parties ( charismatic leaders like wilders and lepen who tolerate no alternatives , we 're right and everyone else is wrong ) because there is no one in europe willing to stand up for the status quo . 
  well by that standard all parties are cults , plus the status quo sucks the sweat off something unpleasant . 
  typically eup decadence !, 
  internationalistali ? 
  i tend to agree , you 'd have thought all our mothers had died on the same day given the surging tide of emotion , esp . 
  on social media . 
  odd how populism is being drafted as a slight too . 
  politicians pandering to the electorate rather than the political classes and other elites - how dreadful !, 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i think you need to pay more attention ... 
  an interesting read , even if it offers a remedy without being able to deliver it . 
  populism is what parties call the other party getting more votes ... 
  yes leave it to the kgb , thugs you can trust . 
  how is he only costing germans ? 
  fruit/veg picking is a pretty simple seasonal one . 
  i 'm not convinced it works . 
  there was a fine swedish doco , with english subtitles , about this very subject posted in the last couple of days . 
  it 's worth a watch too , it 's editorially stronger than this one . 
  it 's interesting to see how this evolves , when uk scepticism started to grow the suggested approach was `` engage with the eu , you 've more power within it than without it , you can change it , etc '' now that it looks like that 's exactly the approach the sceptics have taken it 's more `` well you 're not really engaging , you 've less power within it , you wo n't be able to change it , etc , etc '' it seems the powers that be , and their supporting media just hand votes to the likes of ukip without realising what they 're doing . 
  soviet moscow & leningrad , the ddr , addis ababa and leicester . 
  britain first video with a yank voice over ... are you sure ? 
  some consider it a sad loss , some consider it a positive loss , most - as / u/threep03k64 suggests , do n't really have an opinion .
