  i quite like the concept of boosting geographic terms , with even greater london and much greater , but not quite as great as london , manchester we could dominate atlases . 
  this has been tried before , at least in the uk , with the union movement - not really a runner : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_movement, 
  i did n't use the first and the second was a comment on your level of discussion , little more than a cartoon . 
  neither mean the equivalency you suggest , and you 're being dishonest and more cartoony in further suggesting it means something else . 
  you really are incredibly thick , so away and boil your head . 
  no lack of education is claiming i 'm equating democracies to dictatorships when i 've never said anything even close . 
  it 's a falacious argument which makes you look like a clown running through a minefield . 
  quote where i said that , i.e : prove it . 
  i knew eventually you 'd have a highly intellectual response , it 's good of your school to let you send it whilst in the playground . 
  but i did n't change the subject , western paranoia about russia has been going on for decades and it should n't be ignored , just like russian paranoia about the west should n't . 
  i 'm critical of russia without adopting the popular paranoia , just as i 'm critical of israel without reducing that criticism to what is often thinly disguised anti-semitism . 
  demonisation does nothing to help , it 's a wasteful effort which often only makes what you oppose stronger . 
  it 's never made someone reconsider their position , let alone have them change anything so it 's not a good enough oppositional stance for a very serious subject . 
  the russians have experienced it for long enough now to even render facts useless as they dismiss them as propaganda - this is not the way to go . 
  i concede to your point about folk jumping tracks in discussion but this was n't my intention i swear , the op expressed `` the image of russia being the `` big bad wolf '' of the continent engrained in my mind '' which was an open and honest admitance of bias which i commented on . 
  i 'm just do n't accept the common trope regarding russia and it 's people . 
  similarily i do n't buy into the others either . 
  no of course not . 
  i 'm also under no illusion about what might happen if the uk or the us or france faced a similar loss of an overseas base . 
  i 'm against any and all acts of imperialism . 
  tom & jerry . 
  this is what i actually said  russia has become a convenient `` evil empire '' it 's up there with islamic extremism , both nightmares predominantly sold by the u.s.   i did n't buy into it the first time around , i 'm not buying it now either . 
  you suggested that was `` sucking up '' which means you missed my point , perhaps it 's a poor understanding of english , perhaps not - either way you 've misunderstood what was said to the point of not even being able to quote it correctly . 
  how you managed that i do n't know . 
  i would n't be surprised either way tbh ... 
  it was probably bob calvert , more a chum than an acquaintance , incredibly english given he was south african , delightfully mad and the only person i 've known to have chased after lemmy with a sword . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not trying to deflect criticism , i 'm not a fan of either , but if you going to discuss openly and honestly then nothing should be off limits , apologism can be dismissed of course , but i do n't think i 've spotted any - well not yet . 
  for me demonisation of any nation or leaders is not an answer and it definately is n't a policy , it 's more an alibi for a lack of a policy and i think that 's key to how we commonly see russia portrayed . 
  i personally refuse to engage in seeing any folk as my enemy unless we 're at war , and do n't believe seeing russia as such is of any use other than to cover up how our leaders do n't have a clue of how to deal with russia . 
  it 's too simplistic and in being so ignores the inherent complexity . 
  i 'm not convinced it improves the situation rather than worsens it . 
  russia does n't exist in vacuum , in international politics it 's related to just about every other nation so your example of mentioning all the countries involved carries through as i see it . 
  also history plays a major part and that too involves other nations , and illuminates the subject rather than darkens it . 
  ... and eu elections are around 32.5 %, 
  quite , although having not matched the tonnage he 's authorised the bombing of more countries than bush did ... 
  it 's a valid response , the abuse of position by superpowers has two players , to limit it is like discussing a football match and only mentioning one team . 
  for example what kind of discussion would be had about events in syria if only russia 's involvement were permitted ? 
  no , he 's expanding the discussion to related subjects . 
  it 's a very complex issue which is n't properly discussed by sticking to over simplification . 
  fallacious response . 
  this is the cartoon version , over simplified , good v evil , this myth is better than that myth . 
   if you genuinely believe a world where russia was the dominant superpower would be dominated by democracies in the way that ours is then you are out of your fucking mind . 
  not sure anyone is claiming that . 
  when you 've got two superpower nations there is an equivalency to them , even though they 're obviously not identical . 
  it 's worth remembering since the second world war , the us has : 1 . 
  attempted to overthrow more than 50 governments , most of them democratically-elected . 
  attempted to suppress a populist or national movement in 20 countries . 
  grossly interfered in democratic elections in at least 30 countries . 
  dropped bombs on the people of more than 30 countries . 
  attempted to assassinate more than 50 foreign leaders . 
  via : http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-world-war-on-democracy/28753, 
  quite , if you lay siege to someone long enough they develop a siege mentality with which there 's no reasoning . 
  christ on a bike at night wearing white , an estonian mising the point entirely . 
  they 're not the only nation to have done so of course but it 's a valid point . 
  so have the u.s. - this does n't make right of course , but without the same response . 
  i 'd expect the same from any large nation if it looked like they 'd lose military bases . 
  russia has become a convenient `` evil empire '' it 's up there with islamic extremism , both nightmares predominantly sold by the u.s. 
  i did n't buy into it the first time around , i 'm not buying it now either . 
  holland is still widely used here althought i personally prefer nederlands . 
  if someone brings uses holland in everyday speech i like to compliment it with hollish for the language , people and also as the capital where hollishdaise sauce was invented . 
  being a native england is only ever for england . 
  yanks is common , as is septics or the abbreviation `` seppos '' . 
  damn the planes have already left . 
  sure , just for me i could n't make a call . 
  no , but tipping is different here . 
  i tip for service rather than friendliness so i do n't expect servers to have to demean themselves in such a way . 
  getting the order correct , serving properly and quickly , and being polite is what 's more cherished here . 
  special for us , but not for africans . 
  i do n't think this works on national identity due to how diverse we are . 
  an anglo-indian is likely to have a different perspective to an anglo , etc. . . 
  i also think a lot of folk pick and choose their own cultural tastes , artistically mine are typically northern european circa northern renaissance , while musically they 're mainly black , for literature 19/20th century british/us , etc. 
  i 'm reluctant to limit it ... 
  we 'd parachute in a mildly contentious working condition for your nuke workers and watch them become crippled by the ferocious strike action . 
  have you seen the murder rate for that bridge ? 
  yeah give the eight year olds a chance ffs . 
  given how well the uk govt . 
  got on with regan i 'd imagine business as usual . 
  is this before or after the brexit war ? 
  sarkozy , like a lot of contenders , is making a lot of noise because of the french elections due next year . 
  with the growing popularity of front national , sarkozy is going harder right than usual . 
  odd to think a right-wing french politician is feeding the fantasies of the u.s. left , they might want to rethink that as it looks like clutching at straws from here . 
  could you name three of them ? 
  harsh ... but fair . 
  that ph film is more star wars than history , especially the cg planes and their manuevers . 
  ttt is much better . 
  i think ph was seen as convenient as it meant the us would join ww2 . 
  good idea , thanks . 
  i 've read a fair bit about it and there are hints of collusion between authorities and neo-nazis , bad news indeed . 
  i 've not watched the episode on the investigation yet but from what i 've seen already i 'm expecting the platitudes in line with how the authorities would express them ; `` mistakes were made . 
  '' , `` lessons have been learnt . 
  '' , etc. 
  i agree . 
  cadbury 's is rapidly declining in taste since kraft bought it , after promising no change to recipes ... 
  it 's very bad not like chocolate at all . 
  twinkies are similarily bad . 
  25 cents ? 
  it 's a quid here ... 
  the com is an eu body , you seem to be claiming how as you find it disagreeable it 's not really the eu , and that the power within the eu it holds should be removed by the eu . 
  it does n't make sense to me . 
  yeah in the uk the old bill got fed up taking out their telescopic metal batons only to have the crims do the same , so they banned them .
