  victoria tower , at the other end of elizabeth tower with big ben in it , was originally intended to hold the paperwork for all the laws of the uk . 
  what we need is a pan-european guy fawkes ... 
  exactly , imports from the eu are likely to be replaced by imports from south america . 
  typically every eu law given right has a caveat regarding security , so i 'd suggest it would be legal . 
  the massive majoirty of folk do n't give up their nationality because it 's never an option or simply would n't occur and as such is n't a statement . 
  while we 're busy not being pedantic and then wiggling around on that very hook you 'll find that `` favor '' is an americanism , does this mean you 're an american ? 
  why do you fly a german flair ? 
  what is it about being an american you like most ? 
  is it the endless opportunity for extended pedantry ? 
  that 's it , i 'm plotting to take over southern europe with baby bels ... 
  where ever there 's war people are endangered . 
  which faith they are is a footnote really . 
  no it does n't , if someone holds more than one i 'd go by what 's written on each one singularly . 
  try / r/pedant :p, 
  corporations have no shame when it comes to avoiding tax ... it 's sickening . 
  how so ? 
  fiat looks pretty competitive . 
  i remember there being lots of really attractive houses around linden strasse and the reichstag , not so many on the other side , simply boarded up and fenced off , it 'd be a shame for them to all be redeveloped . 
  it 's not a sentiment i share , nor had i particularly noticed it . 
  i use the basic test of what 's written on a passport - it 's not especially a big deal though . 
  it does appear that way . 
  it 's not helped by switching the ancestoral root , prefix in the first instance and suffix in the latter . 
  no worries , my grandson is part turk so it works both ways . 
  great great great awful a legend, 
  it looks like an exercise in democracy so they 'd have my wholehearted support . 
  like you rightly assume , it 's not a hot-topic . 
  i wonder what his fee is . 
  it 's not cheap hiring someone who is totally right all of the time . 
  got your tin-foil hat on ? 
  hachette might choose to disagree . 
  even when publishers do n't want low prices forced on them ? 
  much better to have the likes of amazon doing it ? 
  when have i suggested depriving anyone ? 
  so find it hard to believe . 
  perhaps it 's an age related taste . 
  that 's not as much choice as i used to have though is it ? 
  hardly a wider choice . 
  i do n't have a blackwells anywhere near me , there 's a waterstones , a waterstones and a waterstones , and what passes for a book section in the supermarkets . 
  compare this to the three independent shops we used to have , with great staff and other readers to talk with and my experience has obviously become poorer . 
  really ? 
  there 's strict rules about this in the british army . 
  not for me , the chain bookshops are typically full of populist rubbish , lower prices on books you do n't read is of no real benefit to me , and the staff definately know what a book looks like but i do n't believe it goes much deeper than that . 
  oh i do n't doubt the geography nor the weather . 
  it 's panaceas i question . 
  quite , this was a result of their efforts for the morally correct turning to immoral actions , but earlier they enjoyed a surprising level of popular support . 
  `` the baader-meinhof gang drew a measure of support that violent leftists in the united states , like the weather underground , never enjoyed . 
  a poll at the time showed that a quarter of west germans under forty felt sympathy for the gang and one-tenth said they would hide a gang member from the police . 
  prominent intellectuals spoke up for the gang 's righteousness ( as ) germany even into the 1970s was still a guilt-ridden society . '', 
  -- stefan aust , author of der baader meinhof komplex they even inspired a popular bumper sticker : http://www.mustardayonnaise.com/baadermeinhofwp/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/baaderbumpersticker.gif undoubtably dark of course but quite fascinating . 
  nice one poland !, 
  who would do that while deployed ? 
  give the man a tractor . 
  for you tommy zee war is never over ... 
  is this despite them having been quite popular at the time ? 
  typically do n't criticse our country , wait five minutes and we 'll do it . 
  a good idea , the uk used to have similar but abandoned it and `` au revoir '' to small bookshops . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  it 's smoke and mirrors to garner votes ... 
  i 'm always wary of such claims , especially after nuclear was touted as the new wonder power , electricity would be free , etc. 
  i thought you had rules against americanisations ? 
  that reminds me of the german army staff visit to switzerland in the 30 's ... heer general : `` so your army are all volunteer militia ? '', 
  swiss general : `` yes within 24 hours we can mobilise 250,000 men . '', 
  heer general : `` what if i was to invade with 2.5 million men ? '', 
  swiss general : `` then i would issue them with ten bullets each . '', 
  it 's sad to see , how having finally educated our populations to reasonable levels , a new peasant class rising with all the associated ignorances . 
  well de gaulle was a grade `` a '' shit so i 'd imagine him saying something slightly mad and believing it . 
  as it 's global why not put it in / r/worldnews / ? 
  ca n't they just type them in and press `` search '' like everyone else ? 
  fair enough , apologies for the misunderstanding . 
  the question is more `` why do ... ? '', 
  i think , although it 's hard to take it seriously when you appear to disrespect the op of another thread for no apparent reason ... 
  is n't a confusion here between the definitions of anarchy , one being lawlessness and one being a political philosophy ? 
  even right off from the op ? 
  i think it makes a good posting suggestion rather than a rule . 
  it was the only one left in the shop ... 
  nederlands , germany and france in that order . 
  i like switzerland too but not quite as much . 
  i 'd have lost no sleep if they 'd shot this man . 
  maybe next time . 
  it 's always been like that . 
  no problem . 
   it 's not a very popular train of thought so we have to stick together . 
  quite , there 's politics in everything which is why when folks like ioc claim `` non-political '' it 's a joke . 
  no misunderstanding here , i was typing in support of your argument . 
  i think yanks ask this question too often ... 
  there 's quite a lot of politics in football in europe . 
  http://www.insidespanishfootball.com/23381/politics-deep-in-the-veins-of-spanish-football/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sectarianism_in_glasgow#football http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/association_football_in_northern_ireland#problems http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ultras, 
   no , this is the fallout of out multiculturalism in europe . 
  could you clarify this sentance please ? 
  yes but that 's semantics and the religious and political problems are probably worth addressing first . 
   we exported our wars first . 
  germany 's anti-semitism ( which was widespread in europe , let 's not kid ourselves , but we were the ones who committed the genocide ) led to this , because jews were n't safe or welcome in europe . 
  and becauses power and control over the whole world , well , that was most of europe 's favorite hobby . 
  that 's a very generous point you make there , which i 'd like to expand upon . 
  first , as you often find you have to , i will state i 'm not pro-zionist , not keen on armed conflict , etc. 
  the creation of israel was mainly borne of guilt following the end of ww2 . 
  european states involved , with the exception of germany , never really came to terms with the holocaust and in part avoided doing so in creating israel . 
  effectively the shop front of anti-semitism simply moved to the former palestine where it 's been doing a raging trade ever since . 
  having created this problem , to avoid addressing it 's own , it 's outrageous for europe to now simply take sides . 
  we should use our perspective and our distance to broker a solution and should have done so many decades ago .
