   i ' v handled real swords ( sabres and smallswords ) though a stylish alternative . 
  i 've fired a gun but never shot one . 
   only rifles and shotguns . 
  first shotgun at 14 , army certificate by 16 . 
  always practised good drills as safety is key plus the ever present threat of a range sgt. 
  materialising and giving me a solid kick up the arse if i did n't . 
  typically here it 's london . 
  well said . 
  i do n't like the term multiculture though , it 's patronising , i prefer culture - which is what it is . 
  i 'm fond of drumming so i can listen to brazilian carnival drums , the burundi drummers , or japanese kodo drummers and i see nothing multi to it , it 's just cultural . 
  do you mean before or after the war ? 
  brexit and trump . 
  arthur w. radford for a start . 
  i do n't feel american at all , but i would n't mind feeling natalie portman . 
  very true . 
  some of them . 
  i think it 's indicative of how remote politicians have become , thirty years ago it was n't uncommon to be able to name a whole raft of national politicians and ministers and many leaders acroos the world . 
  that 's where the cold water tank kicks in , the water can trickle into it at low pressure and keep it filled and there 's plenty when you come to turn the tap on . 
  not safe for drinking though , quite common to find a dead creature like a pigeon or a mouse in water tanks . 
  new builds do n't have this problem or places which have replumbed straight to the mains . 
  down here in the south i 've never experienced it . 
  nah , do n't want to start all that nonsense again thanks . 
  sure , as do many homes . 
  it depends on whether the residence has a cold water tank in the loft , which harks back to the low water pressure we used to have , that three minute video explains it all . 
  french cinema , but for the try-lingual they really should subtitle more . 
  i 've been after a french copy of agents secrets since 2004 , but it 's not got subtitles , so i had to buy the spanish version , agentes secretos , which has ... wtf ? 
  an appaling effort from the polismyndigheten ... it was n't like that on `` the bridge '' . 
  do germans still feel a collective sense of responsibility for ww2 ? 
  there 's a myth about it originating from the battle of agincourt , the myth is that the french had threatened to cut off the index and middle fingers of any archers they captured . 
  but since the english won , the archers then stuck up these two fingers to show they still had them . 
  well the seperate taps is a legal thing , so as a german you 'll appreciate us following the rules ... 
  explained here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhguu_8kga, 
  never they 're an evil invention of the eu to taint our bodily fluids . 
  we take great british baths . 
  it 's a must for my hangovers , hello grease - goodbye hangover !, 
  yeah squaddies and builders are probably the only folk who can manage it without piling on the pounds . 
  magical . 
  henning wehn has made a career out of it . 
  vor you tommy zee war ist never over . 
  oddly similar to the uk . 
   for the left the eu is the best pragmatic way to spread gender/workers/minority rights to the whole of europe in one move . 
  for some of the left , some consider it a technocracy devolving into a corporate state . 
  i think it 's partly nationalistic but more importantly opportunistic , folk have various gripes and the right have exploited it well and point , while draped in a flag , to an `` evil other '' , which at the moment is foreigners , typically with a darker skin than the average , and the eu which `` floods '' their lands with them . 
  combined with national govts . 
  and the eu being almost wholly unable to address these issues important to so many the right gather support , with the furthest right gaining support too . 
  i think i prefer those which you might march into battle to , although i 've no wish to do so . 
  well not until the great brexit war . 
   la marseillaise is just stunning is n't it ? 
  flower of scotland is similarily brilliant and i ca n't listen to it without getting a little emotional , but then i 've always found pipes quite rousing . 
  scots are quite special folk though , and i 'm honoured to have them atop o ' england . 
  the russian is also stunning , especially if performed by the red army choir , both poignant and very nostalgic for an old red like myself . 
  i loathe god save the queen , a malodourous tune for an outdated form of govt . 
  if you ask me . 
  i 'd much prefer land of hope of glory at a push , although jerusalem would be better and that 's a hymn . 
  similar over emotive behaviour from me with that too . 
  i guess it depends on the individual tune , either can be very moving . 
  bloody good question though . 
  i think a lot of french politicians are making a lot of noise in the build up to next year 's election . 
  you might want to reconsider the french riviera in august , almost the entire population of paris goes on holiday in august , this will make it very busy , even more expensive and transport will be nightmarish . 
  there 's a similar vibe to bank holidays in the uk too , there 's one on the 28th next year but the chaos starts on the preceeding friday 25th . 
  ensure you 're settled somewhere for that as early as possible otherwise your time will mainly be spent on slow moving transport staring out of the window . 
  there 's other busy holidays too , have a butchers : http://www.officeholidays.com/countries/europe/index.php?year=2017&amp;month=8, 
  a delightfully polish contribution . 
  gadds ... http://www.ramsgatebrewery.co.uk/, 
  learn it , what could you lose ? 
  when you 're immersed in a foreign land and really have to learn some of their tongue to get along it 's actually a lot easier . 
  i 'm looking forward to the punchline to this one ... hopefully it involves insulting the french , 
  we 'd never stand for that ... er , never mind . 
  culturally i 'd suggest less because it 's a relatively new nation so does n't have hundreds of years of `` back catalogue '' , geographically it 's much more diverse . 
  not as many as i used to as i 'm quite old and grew up surrounded by ww2 veterans , including an uncle who won the mm and one of the guinea pigs . 
  now it 's much fewer , around half a dozen . 
  i remember more dead ones , like most of the crew of the 2006 nimrod crash ... 
  pro-choice and pro-choice is most popular here . 
  for me it 's a woman 's issue and i trust women to make up their own mind about it . 
  it 's worth noting that it had been agreed for the uk to manage vietnam following ww2 , but before any brit forces could get there the french re-established control , often using japanese prisoners to aid them . 
  when you say `` we '' i imagine you mean french arabs ... :p, 
  i suggest that hopkins is moron 's bastard offspring ... 
  you 've become decadent capitalists . 
  in the uk older houses for the richer classes had their kitchen and servants quarters in the basement . 
  often , in town houses , they 'd have a seperate basement entrance too : https://janeaustensworld.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/downstairs-to-the-servants-quarters.jpg, 
  we had one similar to that , older building i assume . 
  piers morgan - he 's the living epitome of the lying , manipulative and shameless media in the uk . 
  from this everything else springs . 
   beate zsch\u00e4pe that whole affair has been grim from the start . 
  their murders are bad enough , but the policing inc. government agency destruction of related files , is just appalling . 
  so was bojo ... 
  ca n't limit myself to one , so nederlands , france , germany and slovenia . 
  i 'd wish you the best of luck . 
  we are but spectators now . 
   because the status quo is better than endless fights that 's probably where the other problems stem from ... 
  sri lanka , or southern india . 
  great weather , beautiful land and people , cheap for everything . 
  not explicitly , but the effect is the same . 
  especially as it 's been over generations with no lessons having been learnt over that time . 
  globally the u.s. is seen as the biggest threat to world peace , http://thelesabre.com/14448/news/is-america-the-biggest-threat-to-world-peace/ that really needs to be addressed . 
  i remember during the unprofor mission in the former yugoslavia raf pilots would return from a sortee with little or nothing to report , usaf would return from a simlar sortee over the same area with three or four kills because under their roe a farm tractor was a military vehicle and hence a valid target . 
  polling suggests no appetite for it : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/30/no-real-shift-towards-scottish-independence-since-brexit-vote-poll, 
   not only do you need 50 % of the population to win you also need to win in more than half of the cantons i 'm not sure either of those are true , the turnouts would suggest otherwise for the first , although some cantons have compulsory voting . 
  on the second there are votes contained within cantons where that would n't apply . 
  it 's common usage , almost universal , and as such nothing can be done about it .
