  it 's been in use since the 18th century so blaming anyone now is pointless aside from prolonging a long standing complaint of pedants . 
  no , although i 'm not fond of your foreign policy which involves killing civilians far too much . 
  we 've done that in the past it 's not clever nor pretty . 
  dennis skinner , solid as a rock , mp , or beast of bolsover , for 46 years . 
  your bourgeois values stick out a mile , like your expression of disgust for example . 
  you 've rated a result of a free vote you find personally disagreeable higher than the suffering visited upon hundreds of thousands of people by our country for no more than a `` circle jerk '' . 
  well done . 
  rhetorical questions end with a question mark but they 're not true questions , the same with declarative or imperative sentences - i 'm surprised you were n't aware of them . 
  of all the ridiculous things our land has done and you 're rating brexit as the worst ? 
  brexit worse than the iraq/afghanistan wars , bloody sunday , amritsar massacre , creation of famines in india , involvement in slave trade , et al ? 
  your self-obsession is astounding . 
  you 're happy to dismiss the sufferings of whole peoples as less than what is little more than an inconvenience to you , british imperialism lives on ... 
  so not really a question just another opportunity to wring your hands over brexit ? 
  coins in a wallet ? 
  are you sure you have n't been sold a purse by mistake ? 
   when you start going after girls it ruins the night for everyone every time in my experience . 
  i know , it would be nice if once i could find a cute girl who could get on with my wife . 
  probably better to use a more modern equivalent like https://www.blablacar.co.uk/, 
  have you considered skiing ? 
  that 's nothing compared to edward `` mittens '' malloy inventing hungary in 1799 so there 'd be a convenient place to have a snack when travelling the overland route to india . 
  it was the large amount of fatty meats commonly consumed there by the british which lead to the revival of the hungarian diet . 
  decentralised , geographic distance leads to a distance from what 's actually needed in other areas . 
  ... but . . but that 's where the hollish live . 
  train travel is often more expensive than flying and it 's a great shame . 
  i prefer rail travel as it gives me a sense of travelling and you get to see an awful lot out of the window esp . 
  compared to air travel where you sit in the similar interiors of airports . 
  i 'd suggest not even bringing your cannabis licence with you , it could lead to awkward questions on a search and possibly a refusal of entry . 
  cannabis is freely available in amsterdam , but be subtle with it . 
  if you plan to take any with you from the nederlands be warned it is illegal , but you would n't be the first to do so . 
  trying to get it through airports would be more difficult than taking it on the train . 
  in amsterdam i 'd suggest the cultural trinity which is rijksmuseum , van gogh museum and stedelijk museum which are all within about 400m of each other near the lovely vondelpark . 
  the brats of the royal family . 
  i agree to an extent , although i was n't referring uniquely to immigration . 
  in the uk there 's been no true discussion of immigration policies for decades , in fact quite the opposite - there 's often been a suggestion that to want such a discussion was inherently racist , or that it was beyond control because of the eu . 
  that 's a convenient slur or excuse for those wishing to evade such a discussion but , like any problem ignored , it comes back and bites the politicians on the arse . 
  of course a proper national debate is a difficult thing to have , as seen by the school playground style of the referendum , but it should be strived for . 
  the other major factor is politicians putting global capital before the electorate which they blatantly do . 
  when democracy kotows to capital there 's trouble ahead . 
  eventually someone , usually draped in a flag , comes along claiming to be able to fix everything and the electorate feel so alienated they jump on board . 
  we 've seen this with ukip you 're seeing it with afd i believe . 
  this is n't helped by most parties seeking the middle ground , leading to a leftist party being so similar to a rightist party that you can barely squeeze a ballot paper between them - it 's as if everyone wants to be a christian democrat . 
  this has lead to a similarity in policies that often fails to address the voter 's concerns in some areas and as that drags on election after election the gap widens creating a niche for a extreme opportunist . 
  plus there 's outside influences , such as the us setting up muslims as the evil empire we should all fear ... 
  disappointed there 's no hint of putting a finger in a dyke ... 
   so of course they feel like no one listens to them . 
  because they have no solutions . 
  they right though are n't they ? 
  you ca n't expect the electorate to have the solutions , if they express their problems they expect to be listened to and have a politician provide a solution - neither of which are happening . 
  you 're quite right though , it breeds the violence but it also breeds the extremism ... 
  i believe the suggestion was that the media coverage ca n't be blamed on either campaign . 
  surely that 's just an example of a common idea ? 
  let 's be honest the `` national debate '' over the referendum was appalingly bad , you 'd see smarter arguments in school playgrounds . 
  the racism label is thrown around too casually , the same with a lot of pejoratives , often just at something the accuser dislikes . 
  it was a bright shining lie from the start which replicated saddam 's attrocities on a massive scale while all the time waving a flag and declaring `` freedom ! '' . 
  the lie continues with the usual myth mongering popular culture , like cinema which reveals just what a rough time those poor invading soldiers had ... wholly despicable . 
  i nominate u/kunstfr to become our official french translator , he 's awfully good at it . 
  ahhh the us imperialist inspired warmongering of the eu revealed at last ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyekyqdyisg, 
  us and our dutch allies will see your capital is renamed viennetta-gef\u00f6rdert-durch-unilever , our superior spending power in cheap shops will see your nation gets turned into a carpark for europe 's biggest aldi , wiener schnitzel will be prounounced weenasitzithingy , weisswurst will be required to be contain the meat of white folk ( at least 80 % ) , and we 'll stick a silhouette of a kangeroo on each and every one of your flags and it 'll be you held to blame fella . 
  ... and we 'll comment rudely on your choice of shoes . 
  oh no , will they have non-regulation fishing nets and a willingness to ignore quotas ? 
  the inhumanity !, 
  i think we 'd stop at the channel ports , load up on tobacco and booze and be home in time for tea and medals . 
  he was good in `` young frankenstein '' . 
  similarily is n't it too hard to leave the eurozone ? 
   no mechanism for that as far as i can tell . 
  how do you know what the reasons were ? 
  all the anglo-asians in my family voted leave because they see eu related immigration policy as inherently racist . 
  how is that a decision based on hate ? 
  spot on . 
  the mods of / r/europe even set up / r/brexit / to what aim i could n't say but i imagine it did n't have the effect they wanted . 
  where was this ? 
  i 'm guessing it was in cities , so imagine trying similar in nyc ... 
  i went to franco 's spain in the early seventies when tourism from the uk was relatively new . 
  the hotel was newly built on the edge of a small town on the costa blanca and stuck out like a sore thumb , the place was beautiful and spotlessly tidy , the latter probably being the spanish equivalent of the trains running on time ... 
  because they 're worried the uk will invade . 
   these people 's self-awareness level is 0 . 
  i think that 's generous , negative numbers were invented for instances like this . 
  unfortunately i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  whistle blowers are vital to revealing shady deals , but they get treated so appallingly who 'd want to become one ? 
  a little unfair to suggest the germans would be involved . 
  what 's `` my way '' ? yyou allude to it but i have n't made a suggestion ... 
  this is what stuffed the greeks . 
  large loans on questionable book keeping spent with german companies to build roads and the like . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone who could run one properly , it 'd be packed with cronyism , corruption , fraud and ultimately fail to deliver . 
  i 'd have liked to see soemthing really simple in concept , like making sure every citizen can eat properly ... but there 's little to no interest in such ideas . 
  well you could hope i guess . 
   futur citoyen surely that 's `` new car which is n't as good as a german one '' ? 
  we 'll meet you in belgium . 
  falkland islands for gibraltar . 
  for a hidden gem to be be a hidden gem it ca n't also be a must visit ... 
  yes try not to talk to anyone when travelling . 
  hopefully they 'd use better grammar in making such a request but yes . 
  if you must , an alternative is a small placard with `` je n'ai pas de style '' emblazoned on it . 
  freedonia . 
  that 's a bit of a mash up - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydnosi1vbe0, 
  seen a variation of this in local pubs , bloke claims to have lost his wallet and needs a taxi home . 
  will leave highly polished gold ( actually brass/copper with fake hallmark ) ring as deposit for small loan . 
  swears he 'll come back tomorrow to repay , etc. 
  likely works better with drunk folk . 
  obvious sleeper cell .
