  it 's always portrayed as being in the heart of the countryside in the media , rather than on the northern edge of a farm yard now used for the motor trade . 
  the authorities had better watch out , he has tanks : https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/honey+crock+farm/@51.2032966,-0.1510674,1124m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0xa672cfeac809405a!6m1!1e1, 
  sort yourself out sweden . 
  thanks , soon i 'll have had every mod remove something . 
  it 's getting quite tedious . 
  another good call from the lords ... they 're on a roll !, 
  damn and just after i started the #killalldiversityofficers hash tag ... 
  oh to have such weather as to need a screen door . 
  here when it snows walkways and pavements are only ever cleared by residents , even in towns . 
  the authorities may scatter some salt , but little else . 
  in the uk that would be a `` porch '' . 
  typically they 're external additions like this : http://www.housemasterhome.com/assets/frontporch-4cc06067bec9b.jpg, 
  that 's it ... ruin the dream . 
  surely if you 've say three foot of snow that 'd be difficult , or do back doors open inwards ? 
  thanks . 
  give it a couple of weeks and that 'll be a story in the tabloids ... 
  it 's an hilarious story but it 's sadly not true . 
  lord ashcroft , who 's book contained the accusation , thought he could buy a post in the uk govt . 
  by donating large to the conservative party . 
  it did n't work so that curly pig tale was his revenge . 
  paywall . 
  paywall . 
  the ones in the centre are the most expensive of all , places like westminster , belgravia and knightsbridge . 
  well i did n't get that . 
  try again ? 
  sure . 
  as someone living were he stood and failed to get elected i can assure you it 's more `` a god amongst idiots '' locally . 
  but few so fashionable to protest . 
  perfect answer for the next one . 
  the bbc is well known for it 's bias , it 's not a secret , although it has developed a stronger image of being unbiased , which it has n't been for decades . 
  worth bearing in mind the `` special relationship '' with the house of saud is an invention of the usa . 
   '' [ polen ] w\u00fcrden es bitter bereuen '' have the german media stooped to making vague threats ? 
  exactly . 
  i mean if atat\u00fcrk was facing this today . 
  sorry fella . 
  missed the previous posting . 
  quite , it 's a variation on a theme to see a non-eu nation being cajoled into doing what germany wants . 
  the main difference being the lack of threat , the smaller eu nations who did n't agree with merkel all enjoyed those . 
  what do you think atat\u00fcrk would have done in a similar situation ? 
  a tasteless comparison to make fella . 
  no it 's not for anyone with a functioning brain , he 's referring to , as you well know , the eu attempting to dump a problem elsewhere . 
  he 's used it as a metaphor and you 're deliberately misunderstanding that to be obtuse . 
  i 'm delighted to see that my turkish friend has a better grip of english , and reason , than you . 
  piffle , isis is no more a turkish group than you are clever enough to understand that . 
  now goosestep away there 's a good fascist . 
  send your brothers and sisters to britain fella , we do n't have a fear of turks . 
  stop making sense . 
  he did n't say they were . 
  he said , rather accurately as i see it , `` it 's eu seeing turkey as a dumpster . '', 
  meaning the eu would happy dump problems on turkey . 
  if you want to examine racism a good example would be the german nsu , responsible for a spate of murders of turks which were barely investigated by german police rather blamed on the `` turkish mafia '' and ignored . 
  when on a totally seperate related incident the bsu had premises searched the police found pipe-bombs but dismissed the nsu as not a threat . 
  imagine had they found either a turkish or islamic group who possessed similar . 
  now tell me about the turkish group which goes around killing europeans ... 
  if you swopped that for `` why on earth does the whole of europe need berliners telling them what to do ? '', 
  what would your answer be ? 
  by that you could mean everyone doing what germany tells them to , and that 's not really cooperation ... 
  sure , but there 's the un and nato for both sides of the coin of cooperation , as well as countres cooperating as they have for hundreds of years . 
  that 's a tired cliche which aids only the `` out '' campaign , if you do n't know it 's bs then you 're as brainwashed as if you were in a cult . 
  obviously the eu is perfect , has no problems bar british membership . 
  should the uk leave who will be your next scapegoat ? 
  greece ? 
  poland ? 
  or one of the smaller newer members ? 
  who , should they fail to fall into your dictated line , will be labelled `` bad europeans '' and this is the sorry depth which your progressive european movement has fallen to . 
  it 's piss-poor propaganda which makes the ddr look honest . 
  she 's not back in the eu . 
   i would carry all my shit to the toilet that is the idea . 
   i would consider us a large and dysfunctional yet also tight-knit and loving family . 
  magical !, 
  i wish there was more randomness to it , imagine neighbouring burkina faso and japan . 
  there 's regularly an evangelical spasm of joy over politicians , this one is different , time for real change , at last someone we can trust , blah , blah . 
  should they get elected they turn out to be just the same in practice as whatever went before . 
  some folks credulity knows no bounds ... 
  ftfy, 
  in greece the un has been giving out processing appointments with a date in 2017 ... 
  ungrateful tourist syndrome ? 
  good points , and i 'm glad you shared them . 
  there 's a serious problem in discussing this as much discussion or questioning , when coming from brits , get 's dismissed like a bad session at a marriage councillor . 
  surely that 's been an handy addition to the metric system . 
  i can only apologise . 
  yes it 's food without tomatoes , i saw mention on a tv show with chefs antonio carluccio and gennaro contaldo called `` two greedy italians '' , then promptly forgot the exact phrase and have never found any more about - i do have one dish i can do though so it was n't all lost . 
  but know i know in bianco - thanks !, 
  i 'm suggesting that the nederlands minus windmills is belgium in a jokey manner ... , 
  i remember watching this live at the time , there was an enomous fuss about it too . 
  quite , i have a sneaking suspicion that they may have been made to suit cameron . 
  happy to help with the link , damn those nords and their civilised way of doing things . 
  i should add i do think there are some danger to the influx of displaced people , but i see them as more internal or domestic problems like crime , fraud and cultural alienation , which goes both ways of course . 
  the terrorist angle is seriously overplayed , it 's become a handy foil to discussion or disclosure , and reminds me of the cold war to an extent . 
  jon snow 's incredibly cutting questioning of cameron over dodgy saudi deals is a good example , he switched to the security/terrorism answer pretty quickly in an effort to halt the line of questioning , unsuccessfuly i think . 
  have you watched any adam curtis documentaries ? 
  they give a very interesting angle on all this - `` bitter lake '' & `` the power of nightmares '' make great viewing , but they can drag you down the avenue of further enquiry . 
  i 'm surprised the yanks are n't trying to attack the lights ... 
  us roasties already have , bar our road signs . 
  this photo is 125 years old , so height is measured in 125 year-ago units . 
  does n't that make it belgium ? 
  you 're welcome . 
  i 'll have to disagree with you about the cheaper and larger numbers point . 
  money is n't an object for daesh , they could send a company of their best fighters , obviously not a group booking , by first-class air via a `` trusted '' state like saudi , oman or bahrain with all the correct paperwork . 
  numbers are n't that important to them though , most attacks in europe have involved very few people .
