try this : http://aupairmom.com/can-you-say-exploited-in-french-au-pair-asks-what-to-do/2010/06/08/celiaharquail/ also : http://www.mumsnet.com/ bon chance !, 
  just curious , if you 've researched it a lot how do you still have these questions ? 
  why not just dig basements ? 
  they 're be cheaper and under water ... 
  i was travelling to asia and thought i might kill two birds with one stone , and visit leningrad and moscow , which were en route if you flew aeroflot . 
  having been granted permission to visit the ddr just two years earlier it was easier to get my visa than it might have been had i not . 
  this sabre rattling is not very progressive is it ? 
  i remember the constant shadow of nuclear war , a daily dose of nightmares really . 
  i was lucky enough to visit the ddr and the ussr in the 80 's , just about everybody looked miserable and everything just looked grey . 
  i felt both spoiled and decadent in just wearing my clothes , including leather shoes and a leather jacket . 
  in some places , like berlin , it looked very much as it would have done in 1945 , plenty of ruined or derelict buildings , even the neater ones did n't have any paint . 
  lots of security concrete , walls , towers , and plenty of soldiers strutting around . 
  loads of parked cars on main streets but i did n't see anyone getting in or out of one , let alone driving away . 
  there was always a lot of talk about the warsaw pact 's superiority of numbers with weaponry , i saw some of this as i flew into leningrad - acres of jet planes in various states of decay and disrepair parked alongside the main airport . 
  the whole thing was a sad waste of effort ... 
  well bp has 775 rooms , so not quite . 
  turkey does well to hide it 's dark past with regards to the kurds . 
  that 's why the royals prefer to stay in just about any other of their homes . 
  probably , i believe that since the rescue patrols started the numbers have increased threefold . 
  once it 's realised that just getting part of the way wo n't mean being ferried into the eu those numbers should drop . 
  depends what you mean by extreme , as it is making a legitimate attempt to enter the eu with all the correct paperwork could be extreme . 
  did you mean to post a playlist ? 
  i disagree . 
  there 's plenty of news coverage via the web , more than i could ever read . 
  deutsche welle did an opinion piece just four hours ago . 
  i think you 're being naive if you think no one knows about war . 
  there 's even a few folk here who have been in warzones . 
  i 'm confident this sub is smarter than that ... 
  well i ca n't complain about a mistake borne of knowing too much rather than too little . 
   given juncker 's dodgy tax deals perhaps the `` c '' could stand for `` cash '' ? 
  yes , in addition to the details surrounding his plea bargain . 
  of course this does mean he could n't have a fair trial . 
   because you said fuck these guys . 
  and they can go fuck themselves implying all the israelians . 
  no implication there as i see it . 
  in this sub we 're used to folk using the name of the nation they 're criticising to typically mean the govt . 
  of that nation and not each and every individual of that nation . 
  the acceptance of this common usage applies to all . 
  nb : we usually apply the term `` israelis '' to those citizens rather than `` israelians '' . 
  i agree , extra points for repeated use of the word `` fuck '' too . 
  out of interest where do these figures come from ? 
  i recently had to fill out a form with various ethnicity questions and there was an option to choose `` prefer not to say '' . 
  no idea on the background , just found the picture . 
  that it 's delivered european wide peace for decades . 
  that 's not re-writing history it 's appropriating it . 
  katie price diana piers morgan paul hollywood fearne cotton i 'm not looking for a winning combo here , just want to see them get a kicking . 
  no , he 's playing up for the voters who do and even the odd backbencher who might fall for this . 
  the phoenix ? 
  with it 's links to fascism ? 
  guns . 
  good how you turned your positive into a gripe about england ... 
  it 's an interesting forecast but i feel the libdems may well disappear into the electorial wilderness . 
  having said that they do have a solid grassroot support with plenty of dedicated supporters . 
  of course ukip have shown they have similar . 
  i do think we 'll see a shake-up , but the scale of it is still blowing in the wind . 
  i think it 'd be the most interesting election for some time , and possibly the most depressing too . 
  i hope you 're right , but i 'm not convinced you are . 
  i 'd be delighted to be proved wrong . 
  unfortunately turnout is still low so ukip will gain seats . 
  interesting mature coverage . 
  i think there 's been a printing error in the hebrew/english dictionary in defining diplomacy . 
  well it 's still popular in asia . 
  it does depend on context of course and there 's a social compliance , which has grown , about it 's use . 
  i 've bought swastika jewellery before for a girlfriend , which would n't get a second look where i bought it but would raise eyebrows in europe . 
  i 'm all for the free play of symbols myself , especially as the 3rd reich was soundly defeated , but it 's not as much fun as a nazi 's head on a stick . 
  hmmm interesting . 
  evil putin agrees with rest of world leaders shocker , i wonder how this might run . 
  folk often dance in the fountains of trafalgar square , it 's not a problem , they 're young , having fun , etc. 
  piety is unattractive . 
  oh thank you very much . 
  the spaniards are big top gear fans - simple . 
  at the moment around # 69 return , does depend on when you go of course , probably the fastest and most comfortable way to do it though : http://www.eurostar.com/uk-en?gclid=cppnktxivcecfsxhtaodcwkazw i think one day in paris is enough , and 2 days in london not enough ... :p, 
  hurrah for finland !, 
  fly into heathrow if you can , consider the eurostar train to paris . 
  after that you 're on your own ... 4 days in paris , pah !, 
  i kow plenty of married folk who do n't have enough time for their children . 
  it 's not unique to single parent families . 
  it 's more likely linked to working long hours . 
  sir paul coleridge , the man behind the mouthpiece , has been criticised for his views on gay marriage . 
  resurrect the dead husbands of widows and the dead wives of widowers ? 
  is this the parliamentary committee for stating the obvious ? 
  you 're expected to give some paper money to everyone you see , even those you just pass on the street . 
   it 's not a burden to allow immigration , it 's a two-way mutually beneficial agreement . 
  true enough but the actuality is n't the problem is it ? 
  it 's the common perception of immigration , the lack of trust in the stats borne in part from a lack of open , honest and free public discussion about immigration which is the problem . 
  this is ukip 's growing niche appeal . 
  i do n't like any efforts at censorship , especially from a state media org in a state that 's so poor with the truth . 
  rich ... how 's that stalin museum on stalin ave in gori doing ? 
  free dolls !, 
  fyi : the nus is well known within the uk for being political , typically with a strong leaning to the left . 
  stories about it can be quite eaily found should you choose to look : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_union_of_students_%28united_kingdom%29#durham_censorship_controversy http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/jonathan-hunter-/israel-boycott_b_5656677.html, 
  i thought it was the apple users who were nazis ? 
  that took you ages , one finger typing on your tomy keyboard must be painfully slow . 
  if you go too fast do the wibbly eyes fall off ? 
  btw jack says hello . 
   anthropocentric quite right , i meant anthropomorphic , apologies for the mistake . 
  hmmm , possibly . 
  sure , the key with the photo is how it 's iconic status has overtaken it 's actuality . 
  the battlecry of the misogynist . 
  you 'll have to google that last word .
