  this produces the political response we have , no sign of policy , chuck a bit of high explosive around hoping for the best , and dressing that up as a solution . 
  `` something must be done ! '', 
  is the battle cry of the ineffective . 
  i 'm more skint than you !, 
  ... what a victory . 
  surely they should roast it first ? 
  is mimicry the best you 've got ? 
  it 's like watching a clown run through a minefield . 
  you insult and i return . 
  you should spend more time in india , it might civilise you . 
  i 'm not suggesting it does . 
  i kept it simple and i agree with your points and up voted , but it is worth bearing in mind how some problems are growing rather than shrinking . 
  you know nothing of the sort , and you 're a disgrace to the good name of patel . 
  try not to hang around with so many idiot white men . 
  good points , but the dropout rate of dalits is growing . 
  well in india education is historically the preserve of the higher castes so although that 's true in concept i 'm not sure it 's a growth area . 
  the school dropout rates for dalit pupils is four times that of higher castes , this is a mixture of poverty , in school discrimination and how most dalits who have a home live on the outskirts of towns and cities and farther from schools . 
  it is slowly getting better though . 
  anyone who 'd like to see things improve quicker could consider donating to the excellent www.freeadalitchild.org, 
  i think had northern european countries the same colonial history as the british overseas territories in the carribean they 'd likely be a lot poorer too . 
  interesting piece . 
  all of them . 
  aye , the biggest fish first ... 
  why so many assumptions ? 
  it 's `` isis '' not `` iris '' ... 
  well it gives you something to do i guess . 
  do n't suppose you could do one for w.p. 
  subsidies could you ? 
  chuck in some facts or references for what you claim please . 
  it 's the classic `` do as i say , not as i do . '', 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted for making reasonable points . 
  yes , i used the same terms as the op . 
  the tories are never going to pull out of europe . 
  a story spike milligan used to tell . 
  ireland . 
  dull stereotypes leading to further dull stereotypes . 
  in the copy on the back second paragraph , see it ? 
  straw man . 
  come back with a less falacious and childishly emotive argument . 
  i agree . 
  germany did more to eliminate anti-semitism than any other european nation and not just because they had to . 
  there was a lot of collaboration from other states in their heinous schemes and most of those did n't really address the issue , either because the iron curtain descended over them or they 'd rather not face up to it . 
  for me the rush to create israel was a deliberate effort in avoiding facing up to both responsibilities and guilt . 
  it effectively relocated the sordid shopfront of anti-semitism to the middle east , originally selling it 's vile brand to arabs and then further afield to the muslim world . 
  now those peoples are moving to europe they 're bringing it back . 
  do n't misunderstand me , israel 's unchecked actions are atrocious and criticism of those is n't anti-semitism , but legitimate criticism has developed alongside anti-semitism , sometimes it 's linked and sometimes it 's not . 
  and yes this report is an effort to stymie criticism , but israel is a siege state so it 's one of their arsenal of tactics . 
  aside from hitch 's orwell soliloquys let me recommend a couple of videos which you might enjoy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6tkvfvicuy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65jxnuw7wk4 some of his other work can be quite challenging , his defence of david irving or even of the iraqi war ( 2003 ) for example . 
  i 'm happy to hear or read it though i 'd even suggest it 's similar in it 's contrary style to orwell in his time . 
  that 's a challenge for all of us of course , one i 'm happy to endure . 
  orwell in arabia , what a thought . 
  i wonder if there 's an equiv . 
  i think orwell would have loathed twitter , it 's signal to noise ratio is very low , also there 's a touch of nineteen eighty four to it , just it 's small screens in the hand rather than massive screens on the walls . 
  `` riddley walker '' - http://www.independent.co.uk/news/obituaries/russell-hoban-writer-best-known-for-his-postapocalyptic-novel-riddley-walker-6277047.html, 
  quite , i devoured them all and really enjoyed them . 
  i now tie them up with brown string and drag them around to lend to folk . 
  they 've been most appreciated by all . 
  the short story collections are very difficult to find in my experience , although they 're all available online but on and offish . 
  there was a very good orwell site a few years ago , but for a while it became infected with some form of virus/security risk and now seems to have disappeared - shame because that had everything . 
  i had n't but i now have - thanks !, 
  liked '' ... a horrible brainless empire in which , essentially , nothing ever happens except the training of young men for war and the endless breeding of fresh cannon-fodder . '', 
  his writing also helps to sustain my own contrarianism , which i 'll be grateful for until my dying day - not that i 'm in the same league of course . 
  have you read christopher hitchens `` why orwell matters '' ? 
  of the course the hitch was another great contrarian and there 's plenty of videos of him talking about orwell on youtube . 
  i 'm not sure we have a current living equal , it 's difficult enough to find someone who writes truthfully let alone anything more substantial . 
  what do you think orwell might have made of things like reddit ? 
  i imagine he 'd have disliked it and would have found himself getting grief and downvoted to the other side of the planet . 
  there 's a lot to be said for print . 
  it may look like a wide choice but realistically it 's two parties , one centre left , the other centre right with a gap between them just wide enough for a few sheets of paper to fit through . 
  man after my own heart ... 
  does it include widows then ? 
  i 'm really surprised at how poorly window dressed this campaign against daesh is . 
  the u.s.a. could have done the whole international coaltion which they could n't refuse joining angle but instead have chosen their usual charging down the valley and seeing how many folk followed when they get to the other end . 
  do you think obama wears his nobel peace prize around his neck when he 's signing the paperwork for all this ? 
  there 's an increase in xenophobia across europe , it 's not just anti-semitism yet this article focuses uniquely on that in a bid to produce a shocking headline and further implications . 
  i 'm not buying either side of the coin myself . 
  well we 're in a minority i think . 
  most folk go no further than animal farm and nineteen eighty four . 
  what about `` riddley walker '' by russel hoban ? 
  aye it was great was n't it ? 
  i think we do better with trans-european cinema than television . 
  it 's just a shame it 's quite difficult to source . 
  i 've been after a copy of `` agents secrets '' with vincent cassel for years , even in france i can find a copy , but does it have english subtitles ? 
  does it hell . 
  the hunt was delightfully dark . 
  on bbc ? 
  my domestic goddess enjoys those greatly , my favourite bit is how there 's one slightly dim copper in their team , who always slams doors , he 's an entertaining character . 
  in the uk the nordic drama series , like the bridge , have become quite popular although i think lilyhammer is probably the weakest of them . 
  we 've also enjoyed some italian dectective drama and a german mini-series about ww2 lately . 
  the two things i think we 're lacking is more french and german cinema . 
  pan-european identity ? 
  pushing it to suggest it 's a classic perhaps ; `` burma days '' by george orwell , and pushing to suggest it 's modern too : `` flashman '' by george macdonald fraser . 
  well spotted . 
  we have a difference of opinion , you reduce it to little more than personal slights suggesting ; i 'm not smart enough to understand , i 'm hiding my head in the sand , you 're obviously smarter than i am , etc. 
  that 's not very tolerant of you . 
  you remain patronising , google will not fix that . 
  good luck . 
  well it is written by a lunatic , but even lunatics are right sometimes . 
  i agree with you , the whole of anything is nothing more than that whole , so all muslims can only truly be said to be all muslims . 
  any more is either a generalisation or a stereotype .
