  quite , but respect works both ways , folk who choose not to do some have to have their choices respected just as those who choose to do something . 
  i personally could n't believe it . 
  i thought if there 's one country who wo n't get involved , etc. . . 
  sure i 'm not claiming victimhood , i 'm no fan of imperialism whoever is doing it , or has done . 
  i 'm not sure of the wisdom of laying guilt through generations , it reminds me too much of religion using similar to maintain control . 
  it 's also misplaced on the majority , more so on those who were against it . 
  fair enough . 
  there 's an inherent wealth but the profits from empire were spent long ago . 
  i think the class issue is being ignored . 
  how did a feel good story about germany doing something good get dragged down to an opportunity to lay blame on empire ? 
  it 's getting quite tedious is n't it ? 
  why so ? 
  it 's quite saddening to see this story , a positive one for a change and well done germany , etc , descend to spurious moral equivalence and blame laying in many of the comments . 
  are we really just here to use news stories to be unpleasant to each other ? 
  refugees - the new white man 's burden ? 
  another effort to shame folk in a near-evangelic manner . 
  is this the argument ? 
  someone somewhere is poor so do as we say ? 
  although i appreciate your general gist it 's not really quite that simple , especially after the uk spent 75 % of it 's wealth during ww2 . 
  the wealth from empire is long spent . 
  it 's interesting to see how a wholly positive story descends into blame laying about past imperialism . 
  exactly , what were the bundeswehr doing in afghanistan ? 
  despicable . 
  it 's disgraceful to drag up history rather than make a solid point . 
  opting out of schengen is permitable is n't it ? 
   if you present someone like wilders a truckload of people would probably shout that they 're leaving this racist cesspool for good well we 'd be better off without them would n't we ? 
  there 's some interesting discussion on here , but there 's a lot of groupthink going on and often dressed as progressive thinking . 
  slavoj zizek would make a great ama , although he 's famously bored with people . 
  evangelical over simplification does n't really work either . 
  the idea of working together is a solid one but if there 's no negotiation due in part to wholly dismissing opinions which you might disagree with there 's no real discussion and no real working together . 
  indeed it would cheaper to put them up in a good hotel . 
  again with the agree or `` apply this insult '' angle . 
  now now what do you think this is ? 
  democracy ? 
  when `` leningrad cowboys go antifa '' is finally released . 
  germany is trying to help , but it 's efforts to tell every other nation what to do does n't help . 
  how do you expect folk to discuss this when you 've labelled any dissent so ? 
  ghadaffi negotiated full diplomatic relations with the us in 2004 in return for abandoning his bid for wmd and renouncing support for terrorist groups . 
  he very much wanted to resume normal relations with the west , and mandela helped him in no small way . 
  they barely get mentioned in all of this , which is a shame because typically folk are either wholly blaming europeans or wholly blaming the illegal migrants . 
  these bastards have a lot to answer for . 
  no , you started weakly and then you devolved to platitudes . 
  it 's a sorry day when you meet a thick and dishonest finn . 
  i 'm not dancing , but you 're avoiding addressing what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm refuting your narcissism , your adoption of humpty dumpty 's reasoning : `` when i use a word , it means just what i choose it to mean -- neither more nor less . '', 
  and your effort to shame folk for disagreeing with your opinion while ignoring what 's being said to you . 
  you suggest that anyone who disagrees with you is a lesser human being , that 's a display of piety and arrogance designed to bully people into doing what you wish . 
  it 's pathetic , but reveals one thing and one thing only - the person lacking empathy is you . 
  niether of your examples are vitiolic , they do n't contain hatred and your projection of a lack of empathy suggests a weak argument . 
  this is a solution ? 
  sure , you got less than me , so congratulations : http://www.freeredditcheck.com/results/historicusxiii, 
  it 's not that honest . 
  this is n't their only recent purchase for their navy : http://www.themeditelegraph.com/en/shipping/shipyard-and-offshore/2015/02/11/billion-saudi-commission-for-lurssen-8xymxo7dcqxyak4fccdlgp/index.html are folk downvoting this because it 's u/dclauzel ? 
  grow up . 
  a sad tale indeed , but vice really need to sort themselves out , how does `` refuse de s ` expliquer '' become `` refused to speak '' ? 
  it 's going to be some minor infraction ... next : speeding tickets on the n\u00fcrburgring . 
  have you been watching the walking dead again ? 
  good to see the uk , being the bastion of righteousness it is , has no action against it . 
  look and learn europe look and learn . 
   seriously though there 's a crisis and this is what the eu is doing ... wtf ? 
  all asylum and immigration policy is discriminatory . 
  i appreciate their honesty about it . 
  ... and do as you 're dictated to . 
  edit : claiming the morale highground too ? 
  always a dangerous approach but a fine indicator of a weak argument . 
  bacon sandwich . 
  congrats on being 0 % terrible . 
  surprisingly farage made a positive statement about this with regard to syrians a couple of years ago , but it did n't go down well with ukip supporters . 
  perhaps the first ones told their friends about belgium ? 
  the wasted time could be saved by not going beyond the original country of entry . 
  just like if i flew to new york i 'd go through customs and immigration proceedures there and not in california . 
  if i deliberately avoided entry procedures , and then popped up in california , what would the official reaction be ? 
  agreed , give us a link from a news organisation . 
  germany and france can choose to do what they want of course , but there 's a hint of coercion when they start pitching it as what all member states should do . 
  especially when it 's clear that many countries do n't want to take that route . 
  immigration and even free movement have grown to be massive issues , and it 's typically very poorly managed . 
  inventing or imposing unpopular solutions and having them poorly managed feeds bigotry , the growth of the far-right and also associates any opposition to the plan as far-right , which repeated often enough becomes meaningless and a lesser concern to most . 
  interesting . 
  that leads to an additional possible problem though . 
  once someone is given residency could n't they travel around the eu and fall beyond the member states responsibility ? 
  did n't they leave towels ? 
  it 's not going to happen in the uk , but i wish the germans the very best of luck with it . 
  man with new job points out how important he is . 
  canada - the colder mexico . 
  despite the inherent humanity involved why have rules if some can just ignore them ? 
  well we 've been saving up . 
  i had imagined it was compulsory . 
  city of lost children , delicatessen , leningrad cowboys go america , a short film about killing , dobermann , satan , come and see , the discreet charm of the bourgeois , l'age d'or , even dwarves started small , fitzcarraldo , soldier of orange , black book , das boot , la haine , baader meinhof complex . 
  typically it 's a pain finding good cinema with english subtitles , many french releases do n't make it to the uk , and buying them in france does n't mean they have subtitles - i 'm looking at you `` agents secrets '' !, 
  i must admit a strong bias for french cinema , like their graphic novels it 's packed full of style , well written and a delight to watch . 
  i do wish i 'd been a better pupil blessed with better teachers of the language . 
  bon visualisation !, 
  i see it as more `` us and us '' . 
  it 's odd to think how when the iron curtain was drawn a lot of the west saw the osties as an oppressed mass and just how wrong that was , when `` liberated '' it was great but then for some it soured when we started seeing more osties moving around . 
  that 's a great shame , i 'm still seeing it as how great we 're all free to mix . 
  one thing i do find is how older osties can have much more interesting conversation . 
  i met a german frau just the other day who grew up in the ddr , a country i was lucky enough to visit and find fascinating , she was intrigued that anyone might have the slightest interest in it - so our conversation was much more interesting than it might have been from a westie . 
  it is indeed a great castle , walmer is too much like a retirement bungalow , deal an outhouse and richborough a pile of rubble . 
  the rather unsplendid richborough castle , built by romans . 
  http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/593/64/1600/richborough.jpg deal castle , artillery fort originally constructed by henry viii .
