  of course he 's an old hand at the referendum game having offered one back in 2004 regarding the eu treaty to establish a constitution . 
  that was a mix of smoke , mirrors and was slowly dropped off the shelf . 
  proved convenient at the time ... 
  reminds me of this : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b0i6chriaaaam1p.jpg:large, 
  i have a black swiss army penknife at all times when i 'm out . 
  it 's not so much a weapon as a declaration of neutrality . 
  i do n't think much of the nsa 's new approach . 
   basically 1945-1948 money does n't work , everything else does and if anyone 's got those they 'd likely be worth more sold to a collector than exchanged . 
  it 's sobering is n't it ? 
  despite being an old film , in b&w , with that content it remains powerful . 
  that 's a dodgy fraction to use ... what with it 's links to white pride . 
  ... worst still an attack on ikea . 
  aka : pol\u0131ce department attack in istanbul, 
  very good points well put . 
  i believe it 's worth looking beyond it , if you can do it honestly . 
  ufa released some very interesting cinema , riefenstahl 's of course , but also munchausen , and kohlberg . 
  the latter quite different in not being such obvious propaganda and definately not something like ewige juden . 
  of course all of that comes from a dead world , so it 's rather safe to watch so long as you 're not being ignorant about it . 
  sadly fox news is very much alive and i ca n't think of a single positive to it . 
  personally i enjoy the u.s. perspective , gives me something to agree with . 
  that said riefenstahl 's work has some artistry and style to it . 
  try this : https://www.youtube.com/channel/uco_s4y0mk0ok_dzdtbk08sg, 
  great post . 
  the european wide pegi ( pan european game information ) rating system is for regulating the sale of games by retailers , where member states have adopted it , and is only guidance for parents with no legal imperative . 
  any threat of reporting parents is pointless , when schools should discuss issues with parents rather than attempt to threaten them . 
  and after a frenchmen who did n't know this thought it would make a good reason to bash another member state in it 's entirity ... 
  fair enough , but would just a image link from say the times be considered as a definition of source or do cartoons not require a source ? 
  could you be a darling and define what might qualify a source declaration for an image such as a cartoon please ? 
  if i post a link directly to the image , with the source publication in the url , does this count ? 
  hurrah !, 
  these are n't asylum seekers , typically they 've destroyed any id and they 've chosen to ignore the dublin convention . 
  that funding was made available the last time the mayor waved her fist at the uk , following the effort to storm a ferry last september : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11074268/migrants-try-to-storm-ferry-after-breaking-into-port-of-calais.html `` ms bouchart said british authorities could not keep demanding better security at calais without paying more towards the 10 million euro ( # 8 million ) annual cost . 
  cazeneuve , who was in london last friday , had called on the british to help finance security at the port , a ministerial source said . '', 
  both of your suggestions are for the benefit of the middle-classes and up . 
  they would be the ones to benefit most from your suggestions , but you 're now claiming helping the middle classes actually helps the poor . 
  this as well as , rather patronisingly , suggesting they 're the one most likely to hate europe , etc , which is pure speculation . 
  you 're still offering rewards for a governments bad behaviour , would you have offered similar to an apartheid south africa , or blaimed blacks for it ? 
  no thanks , there be dragons . 
  i 'd be happy with a bottle of vodka and some soviet knick-knacks . 
  people still do n't really want to learn it though , it 's not like we 're going to go there ... 
  yes then they can all join the eu and make one big , er ... oh never mind . 
  sanctions are never taken well by the media of the sanctioned , not least because they can be quite effective . 
  what you 're suggesting is akin to rewarding russians for the questionable actions of their government . 
  perhaps we could go further with other nations ? 
  holiday flats for israeli settlers who 've attacked palestinians , shopping sprees for arabs who managed to throw the first stone at the stoning of a woman or a free inter-rail ticket for young isis fighters . 
  we 'll get those tropical nederlands to start i think ... 
  here endeth today 's lesson ... 
  nice try p. j. o'rourke . 
  english , but also poor german and poor french . 
  i have a chum who speaks much better french but when we 've had a drink or two his gets worse , mine better and the french , having had a drink too , seem to understand us both better ... so the key here is for us all to be in a permanent mild state of intoxication . 
  the teaching of other languages at school was quite poor , almost as if they were latin and purely book-based . 
  there was little effort to do much practically . 
  had chemistry , physics or even art been taught in a similar way i doubt any of us would have picked up much . 
  i only know one bulgarian , he 's moved to my town after studying over here . 
  he 's charming , happy , speaks well , works hard and as such is a credit to bulgaria . 
  i 'll rate my opinion on bulgarians on him , and others i 'm bound to meet , rather than on what the media might say . 
  tl : dr ignore it , it 's nonsense . 
  very rarely . 
  is this a homework related question ? 
  meanwhile in asia ( from last year ) https://www-techinasia.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/southeast-asia-internet-speed.png, 
  why not try here , what 's the worse that can happen ? 
  my other examples included peace-time decisions , and the white buses although during war time did involve your neutral country . 
  it 's as important to win the peace as the war . 
  `` public support and public opinion determines which direction something is moving towards '' i disagree both science and culture can progress without the support of popular opinions , with advances often made in the face of opposition . 
  politics should catch up . 
  take someone like dr. atala , and his advances in regenerative medicine and heralded as a visionary by most scientists . 
  he 's based in n. carolina which suffers , or enjoys depending on your outlook , a massive christian majority population - should they decide he 's a modern frankenstein should he cease his work ? 
  it 's far too valuable to abandon , and given fifty to a hundred years he 'll be a bigger part of history than any of that electorate or it 's representatives . 
  my basic drift is we should elect leaders who then go on to lead rather than fawn to an ever-fickle public . 
  wherever a leader goes truly too far they 're typically set straight by the next election , or before it . 
  like thatcher and her poll tax . 
  the progress our societies have made have seldom been wholly popular nor dependant on democracy . 
  consider galileo and heliocentrism , darwin and his contribution to evolutionary theory , industrial revolution , the abolition of slavery , and modern democracy as a few . 
  one good example is sweden 's white buses of ww2 , an operation so secret hardly anyone knows about it even today . 
  no vote on that from swedes , danes nor norwegians , definately not from the germans and hidden from their leader too . 
  and at a time when rescuing prisoners was seen as not as important as killing each others forces by the rest of europe , not only brave but truly progressive . 
  should this not have been done as it was n't done in a democractic manner ? 
  i do n't agree that the legalisation of say homosexuality , or equality is n't progressive . 
  it 's self evidently so , it 's a move forward and not back regardless of the public support for it . 
  lacking support , or at least attracting opposition , merely makes it unpopular . 
  like taxes , there 's an inherent element of enforcement . 
  i do n't think it 's so much an argument for democracy rather for getting things done or not . 
  politicians are so bothered by how popular they might be they spend a lot of their time pandering to citizens rather than doing anything . 
  david cameron recently expressing support for clarkson is a good example of it . 
  one of the uk 's most radical reformers was roy jenkins , who as home secretary under two labour govts managed the legalisation of abortion and homosexuality , no-fault divorce , the abolition of theatre censorship , the end of flogging in prisons , and effective laws against race and sex discrimination . 
  those today seem normal to the point of being expected in any reasonably modern society , but at the time were enormously unpopular especially amongst the religious , the highly conservative and other repressive ignorants . 
  were similarly radical moves planned today there 'd be a twitter storm , a facebook tornado , etc , against it and the politicians would run away from it while blaming someone else , and nothing would change . 
  thanks , it was before my time of course ... 
  god was born in england . 
  hit him with a brick ? 
  it 's nickname is `` the torygraph '' , it 's owned by the unusual barclay brothers to simply call it tabloid is n't wierd enough . 
  on track clarkson 's contract expires at the end of this month apparently , so it 'll be of a whimper than a bang . 
  thanks , looks dire and it can be seen in it 's entirity on youtube apparently . 
  i 'm all for investigating history , but from the company this dennis wise keeps i 'm not convinced it 's what it says on the tin . 
  lazy . 
  link ? 
  it 's a cheap shot , lazy and disrespectful to the history , not least all the poor souls who died . 
  fyi i do n't resort to the nazis , not least because i loathe nazis and like germans , but i do n't really enjoy cheap stereotypes as they lack style and originality . 
  that 's not what i said nor implied and your response is fallacious . 
  what kind of discourse is this ?
