  they also targetted their efforts to areas which were close to politically swinging and were judged to have immigration issues . 
  they also excel at hidden bigotry , the wink-wink kind of casual racism . 
  sadly this latter trait is quite popular especially with older generations . 
  the libdems have always suffered a reputation for being a bit weak which their grass roots activists worked against rather effectively with them typically getting stronger . 
  so when they formed our current coalition government with the conservatives the electorate , and especially libdem supporters , expected them to have a wholly positive influence on the otherwise typically harsh conservatives . 
  however this was n't the case , the libdems abandoned many of their election pledges , which had drawn votes , and continue to come across as a very , very junior partner in the coalition - akin to making the tea for cabinet meetings . 
  first soviet republic to declare independence , and not without some violent russian attempts at preventing that . 
   if you have 100 foreigners that ask to see that handbag , 20 out of which try to steal it and the other 80 put it back when they see the price local shops for local people ? 
  it 's home to the very excellent leningrad cowboys ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srvl11jdnbe, 
  so you object more to the regionalism of catalonia than the nationalism of franco , and there 's a time limit on empathy and history . 
  have you tried a similar tack on the shoah ? 
  if you take what politicians say at face value you 'll be increasingly lied to . 
  you 've got the wrong u / i did n't say anything about '' ... a government letting the public influence its policies ... '' . 
  however if you believe that what 's wrong with someone expressing their opinion about it ? 
  words matter as well as actions do n't they ? 
  changing tune is n't always a sign of good either ... do you consider them above criticism ? 
  alt : `` we realise the public are n't happy about this so we 've changed our tune , but we 're still not going to say very much . '', 
  1 ) you manage to be cynical . 
  2 ) how bourgeois of you to point this out . 
  3 ) you did n't answer the question . 
  ca n't but think how this taints the wonderful city of berlin . 
  good luck to them . 
  oh no it wo n't . 
  given what they suffered fighting franco and their sufferings under his rule are you surprised by that ? 
  maybe not but they 're a bloody good laugh . 
  say what you like about the swiss , they enjoy a very healthy democracy . 
  it 's not really anything to do with anyone who is n't a swiss voter . 
  good points . 
  early this year 800 idiotic neo-nazi 's who tried to hijack the dresden memorial events ( again ) were met by over 10,000 anti-fascists . 
  i could n't imagine a similar response to hezbollah , but maybe there should be ... 
  agreed , and third to the inherent and well established corruption . 
  not a great surprise . 
  by the late 70 's france were second only to the ussr in selling them weapons , and also built factories , airports and a nuclear reactor for them . 
  good luck to the kurds . 
  agreed , it would make them more interesting . 
  what can they do about this though ? 
  the eu 's first statement was along the lines of it being '' ... an internal u.s. matter ... '' . 
  agreed , i think we 'd have it were it not for the men-in-grey . 
  is jimmy saville available ? 
  does anyone know what '' ... the local chapter of jobbik held a local forum that roma people considered an act of provocation . '', 
  entailed ? 
  thanks , it was n't immediately obvious . 
  tory mps would be a good market too ... 
  both my grandfathers , and most of my great uncles - from medics to infantry and artillery to aircrew in north africa , italy , france , germany and burma , and all the women of that generation who fought on the home front . 
  highest decoration was the m.c. 
  and they all came back . 
  i 'd be surprised if there 's many europeans who did n't have ancestors involved . 
  why not ? 
  the west 's alliance with saudi arabia has deep roots eminating from fdr meeting king abdulaziz back in ' 45 . 
  in return for secure supplies of oil throughout the cold war sa was allowed to develop wahhabism uninterupted , which led to the backward but powerful state it is and produced a lot of the problems in the middle east and beyond . 
  replacing them , even simply in levels of oil production , is nigh on impossible . 
  even if you could it would be a fragile coalition of at least four other middle-eastern oil producers one of which would have to be iran . 
  in any combination you 'd have to align with countries as bad as saudi arabia . 
  some might suggest israel , but that 's too much like protecting your backyard with a rabid dog , sure no-one will come into your backyard but then you ca n't go there either . 
   also they are receiving black stamp in their passports , and any future enter in germany is impossible could you expand on this please ? 
  i 'm thinking that does n't make any difference if they can enter any schengen nation . 
  always a solid claim for a land locked nation . 
  that 's exactly why there 's a system to register and confirm the status of refugees rather than just letting people in ... er ... whoops . 
  he could add when he stopped beating his wife . 
  i think that 's the conclusion most will make . 
  it 's all very well sounding like a jane austin charactor in a genteel drawing room but it does n't really wash . 
  i 'm pm you a couple more which are n't quite as subtle . 
  here 's the photo which backs that up , although i 'd never noticed the pig before ... http://i.imgur.com/rixiubq.jpg, 
  there 's only around fifty generals so to find which one this is they should all be put on parade . 
  whichever has a sabre which rattles is the one . 
  simple . 
  here 's a link to the last army mutiny for those who are confusing it with a coup : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/10505987/group-of-soldiers-mutinied-over-hungover-bosses-court-martial-hears.html, 
  it clearly does mean something , i 'm not sure where you get the idea that it does n't . 
  the first is basically disobeying orders with the `` lawful authority '' being the officer whose orders are being disobeyed , the second is overthrowing the state , two distinct acts which are quite different . 
  it 's also worth bearing in mind how an act of mutiny only really becomes so once charges have been laid , and guilt proven . 
  there were many acts which could have attracted such charges throughout the british forces across asia just after ww2 , typically with troops going on strike . 
  when charges were brought , like with around 240 paras who refused orders in malaya in ' 46 , once news of it filtered home the charges were quashed and the men released . 
  none of any of their actions were an effort to overthrow any government . 
   your best chance and a more firm , yet direct , form of civilian control i 've ever seen : armed civilians . 
  no thanks , it might suit some places but we 're more likely to sit down and have a serious chat about it all over a nice cup of tea . 
  there 's nothing like spending time on the water to get away from the usual hurly-burly of daily life . 
  quite right generally , although there are stricter shia folk who do n't like it either . 
  also worth remembering that the vast majority are sunni . 
  iran has posters and postcards showing him available widely which i think just reflects the oddity of the situation where senior clerics and martyrs are often idolised . 
  aylatollah khomeini is a prime example of this . 
  there 's plenty of pictorial references : http://www.zombietime.com/mohammed_image_archive/, 
  it was only about 4-500 years ago that depictions of mohammed became haram . 
  there were plenty of pictures of mohammed in many hadith and other islamic writings . 
  you can see many of them and others here : http://www.zombietime.com/mohammed_image_archive/, 
  no not really . 
  the best of luck to our striking finnish cousins . 
  thanks . 
  i was being too generous with `` idiot '' . 
  there 's a new troll in town . 
  you can - it 's an attention seeking device , typically by those who do n't have anything to truly add , just like you do n't . 
  you 're seriously claiming ukip enjoy electoral success ? 
  they 've two mps , and you 're an idiot seeking victimhood . 
  have a drink to help you calm down . 
  hope so . 
  meanwhile many uk companies are complaining it makes them uncompetitvie , will mean fewer jobs and other hand-wringing excuses . 
  agreed . 
  good to see how despite decades of corruption and little investigation anywhere else the yanks are happy to tuck in . 
  thanks america !, 
  you 've missed the substance of what we 're discussing here . 
   it 's something like `` hell , yeah !!! '',
