  we 've got to be wary of politicians increasing their importance and having more politicians in control of more forces is not the way i 'd like to see it go . 
  it 's hard enough to keep a lid on domestic politicians ambitions , it can only be harder with eu politicians . 
  well now you 're just trying to damn me into agreement . 
  no but the member states did , and they typically sat on their hands until the us and the uk started operations . 
  yes , but as a child of the 60 's i have a slightly different perspective . 
  although i 'd not welcome military action within the eu by the eu , nor in one member state by another , i 'd be more concerned with a military force being used as a police force in civil or political disturbances . 
  some of the eu 's actions in greece and spain have been questionable and although there would be the endless assurances about deployment we both know how they 'd really count for nothing - similar in a way to anti-terrorism laws have been adopted with clear assurances which then vanish once the rules are in place . 
  i 'm really keen for us to avoid any scenes reminiscent of soviet intrusion in europe , and the simplest way to avoid that is not to militarise . 
  as the eu is keen on peace it would be progressive to maintain that without having an army . 
  thanks for the thoughful response . 
  fair enough , but i do n't see him saying that either . 
  no it 's not - i did n't , nor am i trying to , suggest `` that the eu is excessively or unusually inefficient , corrupt or wasteful '' rather i suggested how if it were related to corruption it would very likely be discovered outside of the auditing . 
   he did something that the usa do every day with drones . 
  what killed a prisoner ? 
  mr bruins is accused of shooting aldert klaas dijkema , who had been captured , four times in the back , in september 1944 in the appingedam area east of groningen . 
  the dutch nicknamed him the `` beast of appingdam '' which suggests more than legitimate service . 
  have to agree , especially as the user has the combined name of two incredibly articulate writers . 
  snowy too ... mad for white power , he conceals it with barks ... 
  do you not think that 's part and parcel of being a powerful and incredible country which is also quite young ? 
  older countries have all done their nationalism , often for centuries , and then changed their tune . 
  hehehe, 
  a brave idea , but i do n't think it would work . 
  the manufacturers are too competitive but also powerful with their lobby . 
  it 's still a good idea though . 
  i beg to differ . 
  rules which apply to the eu budget and do n't apply to other budgets are relevent to the eu budget alone . 
  just as eu residency rules only apply to the eu and not to , say , switzerland - it 's a distraction from the matter in hand . 
  any missing money , for whatever reason , is typically quite easy to track down due to reasonable money laundering rules should those monies be related to corruption . 
  i 'd be more uncomfortable if it were weapons and ammunition going astray . 
  trying to charge before we can march surely ? 
   given how industrious europe is in making weapons , five of the global top ten , it 's unlikely you could get every force using identical weapon systems ... same calibre ammo perhaps . 
  bosnian war ? 
  it was in europe and the eu sat on it 's hands . 
  that 's a valid concern , as well as it being used to police within the eu . 
  spot on . 
  i do n't like the idea of an eu army to start with , when - as / u/bobleejagger asserts below - they ca n't pass a financial audit i do n't trust them with more dangerous items . 
  i lack the evangelic zeal to just go along with it . 
  europe has a poor history when it comes to militarism , i 'd rather see the money go towards external foreign aid . 
  they do n't apply though so it 's irrelevent . 
  i believe neither way , knowing how what i think about it does n't effect the truth . 
  i hope we might know that truth eventually . 
  i imagine it was more related to having to wait a while to get served in a pub ... 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  it 's had little effect for me , although i do miss the old and varied banknotes , even the ropey ddr ones . 
  giving change in bars and pubs in different coins is a thing of the past eh ? 
  paywall ... 
  what a brilliant and yet effortless protest . 
  full marks !, 
   german politics is blind on the left eye . 
  what 's your thinking behind this ? 
  zizek has some insightful ideas about violence , and how subjective or obvious acts of violence tend to be focused upon while objective , or systemic , violence is overlooked in part because it 's so well disguised . 
  `` stung on finger by possible wasp '' does this fall under left or right wing ? 
  what a poor response . 
  there 's something intellectually indecent in summoning up hitler in discussions with a german over something other than ww2 or the third reich . 
  shame on you . 
  agreed it is a worthy goal . 
  agreed , although it 's bad news for the crooks although i imagine by the time ukraine has cleaned up their act they could have legitimised their ill gotten gains . 
  i agree , if those reforms are truly achieved . 
  well exactly , it 's those memories which taint the ideal . 
  eventually they come to represent the idea to most . 
  combined with some of the idelogy being seen to be outdated i think both are doomed in a similar way to national-socialism , which was also not especially either part of the title in reality . 
  my misunderstanding , thanks for the illucidation . 
  i 'm not sure having a kleptocratic state join is a good thing . 
  alongside freedom house 's degrading of ukraine , under yanukovych , from `` free '' to `` partly free '' , both the eu and nation states statements of `` political persecution '' , the widespread and rarely punished human trafficking , and the harassment and violence facing political opponents , lgbt it would be wholly irresponsible to encourage their membership . 
  there 's far too much bigotry on the web , which i imagine is from the dominant life form ; a white , under educated , u.s. teenager with nothing better to do . 
  this does n't equate to the u.s. being nothing than bigots . 
  same is true of any other nation . 
  what 's the reasoning behind this question ? 
  a refreshingly frank answer . 
  interesting bit for me , could someone with more knowledge confirm or deny this for me please ? 
  : `` unlike her predecessor gerhard schr\u00f6der , ms merkel has not argued that germany is now a `` normal '' nation , which has transcended the nazi past . '', 
  i 'm genuinely surprised if this is the case . 
  the rest of the thinking world has got over this , without denying it , but have we forgot to tell the germans ? 
  surely it 's the actions of the ddr which , if anything , should be addressed now ? 
  i think you 're right to a degree . 
  spending your way out of recession seems nonsensical , but we find ourselves living in economically nonsensical times i think . 
  we 've a few cousin states who have passed the debt  100 % gdp but who have managed to avoid the 200 % level the japanese are suffering , the idea of both would have been fantastic 20 years ago . 
  quite . 
  just a short explanation would help i think , otherwise folk here seem to take it as cynical , lazy or both - which i 'm not suggesting you are of course . 
  i tend to agree . 
  one thing which does n't help in discussing this is how often any reasonable criticism is n't reasonably answered , rather responded to with an evangelical zeal . 
  this is n't limited to the euro , it seems to be increasingly the way folk discuss things . 
  are you suggesting that the nations of europe are undemocratic and unaccountable ? 
  swings and roundabouts though is n't it ? 
  otherwise your comment would have a wildly negative downvote . 
  what about self determination ? 
  where does blame come into it ? 
  i 'm not sure we 're out of a financial crisis , just suffering it less harshly than many other countries . 
  is n't that wishful thinking ? 
  of course greece was living beyond it 's means prior to joining the euro . 
  once in it 's public spending soared but the incomplete nature of the euro is part of that . 
  had the euro been fully integrated economically then greece 's hidden borrowing would have been more likely to have been revealed earlier . 
  this is not irrelevant . 
  oddly enough this fine example ( as posted to above ) of unbiased reporting about the perils of imperialism does n't mention any of the dutch , french , spanish , portugese nor danish overseas territories . 
  nor does it mention the right of self determination of the people within those territories . 
  more interesting are some of the geographical anomalies these territories produce , like holland and france sharing a border , in the carribean sea , on the island of saint martin . 
  the full article , although not much better , is here : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/aug/14/gibraltar-falklands-deny-logic-history, 
  most idealogy is , but the proof of the pudding is in the reality , which is what most folk define their perceptions from . 
  trite and cliched article . 
  they played a clever game addressing issues which the main parties generally shy away from , namely immigration & the eu .
