  he 's busy deleting mention of this in / r/france , his post history looks a trifle over excited when it comes to modding . 
  my last deleted thread was a satircal post so perhaps it 's humour which is not welcomed . 
  well i was n't banned , the only time i 've been banned was when i posted a bbc news story and they , as they do , changed the story and headline and i stood accused of editorialising . 
  luckily the bbc changed it again , so the mod i was discussing it with was in the same position . 
  it 's unlikely to physically injure anyone . 
  i had a post deleted just the other day with a full explanation . 
  i did n't get a response when i messaged the mods about it though . 
  straight in with the godwins by the 3rd sentence . 
  a dispicable effort at shaming . 
  `` for you tommy ze war is ever over . '', 
  not doing as germany demands is n't the same as working together . 
  it 's interesting how an effort by one nation state to compel others is painted as the action or worth of the eu and without any discussion nor vote . 
  it was n't that long ago that germany 's choice to take displaced people in was being mentioned as purely internal with no plans to extend it in this sub . 
   john berger 's ways of seeing a remarkably good description . 
  it 's also quite good and relatively short at two hours over four parts . 
  tbh they probably had to move abroad as a result of that choice . 
  exactly what i expected . 
   it 's the kind of degeneration which france would n't put up with , and rightly so . 
  even as a ros boeuf i know this ... 
  i think you 've confused jordan with lebanon . 
  from amnesty int . 
  lebanon hosts approximately 1.2 million refugees from syria which amounts to around one in five people in the country jordan hosts about 650,000 refugees from syria , which amounts to about 10 % of the population turkey hosts 1.9 million refugees from syria , more than any other country worldwide iraq where 3 million people have been internally displaced in the last 18 months hosts 249,463 refugees from syria egypt hosts 132,375 refugees from syria none in saudi nor any of the other wealthy arab states . 
  i agree , although i extend it to all polls bar exit ones , they 're too much of a passing snapshot . 
  uk wide , should result in some interesting domestic politics though . 
   its not tory led , it has tories leading it ... okay ... 
  you can fantasize about my silence as much as you want . 
  you seem to have trouble concentrating on what has been written prefering ad hominem . 
  have a nice day . 
   do you understand what civil discourse is ? 
  oh do tell ... https://en.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j6na7/eu_referendum_ukip_to_launch_own_campaign/cumwbjf, 
  reducing yourself to insults is n't an argument but it does suit you . 
  small skirmishes , or skirmishes are those which have 100 or less deaths in a year . 
  a war is defined as 1,000 -9,999 in a year , which ukraine falls into . 
  turkey v pkk is a minor conflict , having , as it does , 100-999 deaths in a year . 
  i 'm genuinely surprised that someone so well informed would n't know that . 
  full marks on managing to google results to support your argument , that 's always a very difficult thing to manage especially turning up old articles , but a little understanding of what 's actually going on would have a bigger effect . 
   and a social concious . 
  a what ? 
  quite , plus of course moral crusades in the past have typically been seen to lead to seriously dreadful events but dressed to make it difficult to disagree with them ... 
  the civilising of folk by imperialism , the evangelical spread of christianity to save those poor savages souls , etc. 
  no idea , but i do know the largest no campaign is tory led . 
  i 've seen a couple of decent documetaries , but i 've not seen the best investigations any media is doing . 
  no it 's not it 's factual , war is not far far less likely , it 's happening in ukraine , it 's happening on the edge of turkey , it 's happening on the far shores of the med and it 's happening right now . 
  same here , they might be expensive but it 's not like you ever need to replace them . 
  `` european parliament has been considering a pnr system for airline travellers since 2011 '' great . 
  i see vice as more hipster tabloid . 
  these social media storms have become the modern version of the angry mob of pitchfork and burning torch welding peasants . 
  it 's the revenge of the pompus idiots exploited by lazy journalists who want to sell a shock story . 
  dr matt taylor suffered similar grief for his choice of shirt , here 's an intelligent and extremely well-educated soul who 's heinous crime was his personal style . 
  quite , it 's not as if german media has a reputation for being biased . 
  for traditional broadcast true enough , but as it has a website with it 's stories available it 's could even be considered global . 
  this reveals the wholesale mismanagement of the situation . 
  you 're right , he is , and having his own campaign is vital for him . 
  i do n't think the no campaign will succeed though . 
  it will give the powers that be some political capital to push for reform though . 
  100 years of peace is a great aim , but we 'll not see it , where we 've stopped fighting amongst ourselves , aside from raf , ira , eta etc , we just export our wars . 
  well always difficult to detect , and so perfectly delivered and all . 
  in the words of johnny vegas `` guiness - it 's like soup but it makes you fight . '', 
  a fine example of the `` love '' ... 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  about fourteen times , typically one short visit in the morning and one at night which tends to be longer . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  everytime i come on . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  england  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  yes , but only to poor tourist levels , a bit of french , german , hebrew , hindi . 
  sadly my french is so poor i 've been asked to speak english in france instead , which is the worst kind of linguistic victory , and just been laughed at in germany - perhaps i should revert this to no ...  what interests you about europe ? 
  people and culture . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  the people . 
  i dislike fallacious arguments . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes , over at / r/minipainting / , more than doubled the subscribers in my time , abolished downvotes ( even if that does n't work on all platforms ) , made it look a lot neater with no small aid from my fellow mod , and developed it into a friendly , encouraging and positive sub . 
  been subreddit of the day twice this year . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  it will aid my bid for world dominantion and i could do with the extra money . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested in hearing what everyone has to say , and not limited to only wanting my opinion echoed . 
  also i do n't feel the need to have an opinion on everything , so hearing many sides of an argument is interesting too . 
  i 'm also older than the average subscriber and i 'm happy to adopt the idea of wisdom coming with age . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  only stats on my sub and typically banning bots from it . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  it 's too big an issue for a single thread , like getting a quart into a pint pot . 
  it irritated quite a few subscribers which is never good . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  honesty . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  i could never raise my hand to a horse so i 'd go for the big duck . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzepiptpops because it teaches us that a european band can do a song about a river they 've never seen in a foreign genre and have a hit with it . 
  i am a leftist so i 'm so very well aware of that !, 
  very good points , i do n't know if you 've seen the photos of dead children washed up on beaches , but if those do n't touch you nothing will . 
  i do think a moral argument is the wrong way to go though , it 's the weakest form of argument after all and it can be condescending , and who likes to be condescended to ? 
  for me there 's several things being seriously over looked , one being the total mismanagement of the problem by the powers that be - a good example of this was that piece about tourists from one of the nordic countries turning up with food for the migrants - not least because there 's no agency there doing it . 
  another is how rarely traffickers are mentioned , and they 're doing some dreadful things to these folk , and lastly terminology there 's no single term for them which suggests a lack of focus , and you ca n't ask folk to focus seriously on an issue if there 's no single name for it . 
  i 'd prefer folk to honestly express themselves . 
  what would be the use of folk pretending to care about something ?
