  is that kafka ? 
  hmmm totalitarian policing and the problem is ... ? 
  quite , i wondering if it was similar for these . 
  does anuone know if any of these women are ex-military ? 
  shame , but also a missed opportunity to attract laibach listening zizek readers . 
  everything to do with the eu . 
  name an englishman you 'd like to swap him for and we have a deal . 
  pleasant enough but lacked all mention of the ever wonderful zizek and the triumphant laibach . 
  for the parties . 
  the idea of fining an artists just does n't make any sense to me outside of a totalitarian state . 
  shame on the prague judiciary . 
  anne wibbly wobbly widdicome : http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/265161/ann-widdecombe.jpg, 
  i 'm waiting for the daily mail telling us all it 's because they nicked it ... 
  a delay ? 
  can we not have a german do it ? 
  interesting photos , but it 's not dublin destroyed , it 's mostly o'connell street . 
  whoops ... 
  perhaps but it 's not as if there was a manifesto saying '' ... we 'll borrow when we ca n't afford it and mess the whole nation up . '', 
  is it ? 
  aye , that 's the one . 
  folk who throw around unwarranted advice tend to have a bloated sense of entitlement . 
  i 'll stick to saying whatever i choose and leave the totalitarianism to you . 
  nowt to do with corrupt government and goldman sachs then ? 
  you do have to wonder about the worth of any of the questions with that one showing the average level . 
  well that and `` why is slovakia aetheist ? 
  i prefer `` conspiraloon '' myself . 
  okay , i concede to your point . 
  you 're welcome . 
  this is an expression of support which does n't fall under the rules expressed in the megathread : `` post here all the news/videos/images / feeds/etc . 
  related to the protests now unfolding in ukraine . '', 
  i saw mention of the possibility in the big thread : http://en.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1vyaa6/euromaidan_thread_1_discussionslinks_regarding/, 
  i want ukranians to see our support bright and bold . 
  working for me in the uk . 
  i 've also been using http://ukrainestream.tv/ which has nine feeds , so if one is shaky there remains others . 
  i assure you this is not so . 
  it 's genuine and heartfelt . 
  maybe you 're not used to the rare occassions when an englishman is sincere ? 
  still does n't have the desired effect , and protest votes do n't help either . 
  piggy bank time . 
  not voting legitimises the fewer votes of those who do . 
  it makes the problem more distilled . 
  i 'll raid my piggy bank . 
  bargain , 11m euro a piece originally . 
  i disagree . 
  in not voting you 're legitimising , with nota you 're objecting with a visibility . 
  that 's not the same . 
  `` none of the above ( nota ) , also known as `` against all '' or a `` scratch '' vote , is a ballot option in some jurisdictions or organizations , designed to allow the voter to indicate disapproval of all of the candidates in a voting system . 
  it is based on the principle that consent requires the ability to withhold consent in an election , just as they can by voting no on ballot questions . '', 
  from : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/none_of_the_above, 
  agreed , you 'd have to be a fool to take politicos at their word . 
  this is n't just a uk malaise is it ? 
  the rest of europe does n't wholly trust their politicians and in turn the politicians make sure they deliver election promises do they ? 
  this is a very good point and goes someway to explain uk cynacism when it comes to politics . 
  it 's a disgrace , i 'd write a letter to my mp but someone stole my pen ... 
  in part , especially as usually manifestos are abandoned within months of anyone getting elected . 
  if there were a `` none of the above '' option i 'd likely become a staunch supporter of it . 
  to be fair i only recall him talking about romanians and crime . 
  obviously we want british criminals committing our crimes . 
   http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/nigel-farage-we-are-experiencing-a-romanian-crime-wave-8829566.html, 
  see i dislike farage and wo n't be voting ukip , so it sickens me for him to be spot on , even just as a contrarian . 
  thank you . 
  there is a hint of that i guess . 
  perhaps , but it was n't always as low . 
  there was a lot more during the greek war of independence and the turkish invasion of cyprus . 
  worth bearing in mind how the uk complaints about bulgars , etc , are politician & media lead , they were n't democratically decided . 
  i think the bulk of un-hyped , media-led concerns come from a lack of mature and reasoned debate and that vacuum creates a distrust and facts are subsituted with tales of horror . 
  yes but that 's the u.s. and not the u.k. we 've not had segregation , lynching , kkk , etc. 
  even then the u.s. attracts immigration because it 's not actually as dark as you paint it . 
  it 's not rwanda or russia . 
  the three european previously fascist states , germany , italy and spain are a good example of how serious race hatred limits immigration and increases migration . 
  you misunderstood my jokey reference to iraq , folk do n't buy holiday homes there because it 's not suitable . 
  the uk is one of the most joyously mixed countries in the world and has been for a while . 
  if it were seriously racist folk would avoid coming here would n't they ? 
  like how folk do n't buy holiday homes in iraq ... 
  this is the old `` blame it on the forrin '' trick . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted on this , i thought it was an astute observation . 
  brilliant stuff , thanks . 
  yes and often they 're not for trades any more so their value is questionable other than for employers . 
  same here . 
  i did use a pun once when doing some business with one , he liked me calling him a `` portugeezer '' ... 
  good points one and all . 
  a reasonable request i think . 
  thanks for that . 
  this lazy labelling seems increasingly common , bush is hitler , obama is hitler , except when he 's stalin , etc , with the misappropriation of the imagery involved - it 's idiotic . 
  now if someone could come up with a half decent , or historically interesting and obscure comparison like queen ranavalona iii i 'd be more likely to listen . 
  i can understand your fury , i believe i share it . 
  do you think we 've gone beyond the point of having a reasoned solution or flashpoints or something else ? 
  it is indeed . 
  i 'm not comparing the situations though . 
  i 'm suggesting the idea that high taxes confound growth is n't completely true . 
  i 'd suggest that the 60 's and 70 's are n't the immediate aftermath , although i 'd concede the 40 's and 50 's were . 
  i agree , the korean cinema i 've seen does that too . 
  thomas bo larsen looked really familiar , but i could n't place him and looking at his work on imdb i do n't think i 've seen him in anything else . 
  i loathed deadset tbh , i think if it had n't been written by brooker it 's just the kind of thing he 'd rip to shreads as a critic . 
  thanks added it to watch later list . 
  well i would n't want it either , i 'm saying it 's a mite more honest than the insidious plan mentioned by the op . 
  i 've seen trollhunter , but not the others , thanks . 
   at the cost of higher taxes that will further stifle the job creation that 's an economic cliche , from the end of ww2 to the 70 's the us enjoyed enormous prosperity and had a top tax rate of 91 % dwindling down to 70 % . 
  the idea that lower taxes create growth was popularised by regan and thatcher , but it does n't make it true . 
  source : http://taxfoundation.org/article/us-federal-individual-income-tax-rates-history-1913-2013-nominal-and-inflation-adjusted-brackets,
