  well kind of ... to me he looks like he 's a character from `` les triplettes de belleville '' . 
  man of thanet , everything beyond it is a foreign land . 
  reflood the wantsum !, 
  mainly french and british with a very small amount from the us . 
  subbed . 
  dubbing actors are n't ever as talented as those on the screen , i want the tone and style of acting inherent in the audio . 
  city of lost children is a good example of this , the dubbing could be matched by replacing the images with drawings by infants . 
  if you 're going to kill something might as well kill it dead ... 
  sure . 
  mainstream politicians are neither representing nor inspiring a vast amount of the electorate , their politics being similar enough to be almost identical - the eu is a fine example of this . 
  combine this with the general sense of inertia behind both national and international politics and you 've got a status quo which few truly identify with , being led by people who do n't really know what life is like for ordinary people , what concerns them and very little desire to discover either . 
  nationalists have managed to convince these political friendless people that they alone have the right idea , care about them and know the way forward . 
  many of them wo n't get anywhere of course , the tattooed football thugs causing disruption on the streets for example like edl or britain first , but the smart ones are rapidly gaining ground or like farage have succeeded in delivering the impossible . 
  the mainstream response to this has n't been effectively oppositional , instead they 've often adopted nationalist approaches like with immigration but as such they 're just offering `` nationalism lite '' which is not only the wrong approach but does n't fool anyone . 
  another approach has been to dismiss it out of hand and the electorate who support it - it 's a cheap response which does n't address the problems rather than making them worse . 
  nationalists do n't have the answers but in having convinced a lot of folk they do they 're on the ascendancy , mainstream centrist parties do n't have the answers either but are in a position to discover them but they 're failing to do so , and in that they 're failing us all . 
  yep , i find it a bit stiff . 
  my favourite o'toole film , after lawrence of arabia , is the ruling class which happens to be on yt : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dgosa7wkfy, 
  the godfathers are good , the early seventies did see some good `` hollywood '' cinema . 
  i know what you mean , usually i just get blanked mentioning it . 
  after `` a matter of life and death '' it 's my favourite war film and not a hint of myth to it unlike most war films . 
  cast packed full of talent all of whom give great performances and story which would typically leave you thinking `` fuck that for a game of soldiers . 
  those freedom fries turned out to have a lot of additives eh ? 
  a matter of life and death ( 1946 ) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0038733/ the hill ( 1965 ) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059274/ if ( 1968 ) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063850/ let 's see your three op . 
  as someone who grew up with guns and shooting as a sport i do n't have a problem with us gun regs not least because it 's none of my business . 
  my problem is with some folks sense of entitlement to use them illegally or improperly . 
  i think the swiss have the right approach , plenty of gun ownership , solid training , little criminality or trouble with them . 
   here standard windows you can see here what sorcery is this ? 
  nothing , the things i do n't like i do n't do . 
  i have no control over those who do them so i 've no shame to bear . 
  curing a national idiocy is unlikely to work , and even if you could fix one thing the idiots would just go off and find something fresh and stupid to do . 
   no money to ... windmills ... 
  it 's the end of the nederlands as we know them . 
  those pesky windmills going over there and turning on dutch wind ... 
  r/wurldnoos ? 
  no thanks , it 's like a large-type version of fox . 
  i like to insult the french , and enjoy the returning jibe too but it 's more a game than anything else , but the yanks seem to really mean it which i 'd understand if they had some knowledge behind it but they do n't - it 's just the vocalisation of a bullying attitude . 
  there 's life in the old bastard yet . 
  firstly he does n't have to worry about being taken seriously as his whole schtick is being popular . 
  for years he 's been the uk 's most popular politician , only overtaken by may following brexit - he 's now second . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/poll-theresa-may-boris-johnson-britains-most-popular-politician-a7188871.html rumours abound regarding his not standing for the pm post , one is that he swapped that for the foreign minister job , the other being he swapped it for an assurance from may that she 'd step down before the 2020 general election . 
  either way the sly dog will be back . 
  woof bloody woof . 
  well he should have ... are the yanks still bashing ? 
  i thought they 'd moved back to a couple of old standards , mexicans and blacks . 
  quite and there 's rarely not a few in sight , there 's also deer , rarer breed cattle , and pigs in the autumn when the acorns fall . 
  if you can get out on the commons as the sun rises it 'll just be you and the freshly awoken animals . 
  quite magical . 
  my favourite is the new forest , i find having horses wandering around incredibly serene , and it 's not too far from the coast . 
  no , you take turns in buying all the drinks for your group . 
  usually you 'd have to deliver them to your table too . 
  failing to buy a round of drinks when it 's your turn . 
  on the other side of the bar ordering drinks one at a time ... 
  he has n't got a grip on economic growth , bringing unemployment down nor domestic terrorism , he enjoyed a surge of popularity after hebdo , a lesser one after paris but by nice he 'd lost it all . 
  insulting the french , helps keep this great tradition alive . 
  most are with subtitles , occasionally some are dubbed . 
  my copy of the quite stunning city of lost children is dubbed and it 's painful to watch tbh . 
  with subtitles you still get the emotion with the dialogue so the acting is still an inherent part . 
  with dubbing it dies - works both ways of course , i remember struggling through one of the conan film in german where grace jones had a voice that just reminded me of a housewife . 
  a lot of films do n't have either , i 'm still searching for a copy of `` agents secrets '' with subs , one i 've wanted to see since it was mentioned at the end of `` dobermann '' at the end of the nineties . 
  i regularly visit dvd shops in france and i 'm lucky if i can find one or two films i do n't already have with subs . 
  it 's not just french films though , i 'll happily watch good cinema from anywhere esp . 
  if it means avoiding hollywood 's output . 
  quite , similar to bush pointing out the lack of a french word for entrepreneur ... use the english instead . 
  perfidious albion 24 has a certain ... i-don ` t-know-what to it ... :p i tend to agree , i linked as a point of interest rather than an example of excellence . 
  oh no , and accept it i do n't - far from it . 
  the problem as i see it is that until it 's causes are honestly recognised they ca n't be addressed . 
  at the moment responses from the politicians to it are limited to displeasure at it 's growth , and from everyone else a shout of `` racism '' . 
  i 'm not wholly white either so i have experienced it at `` the sharp end '' , it 's still not as bad as the 70 's though but that 's just an observation rather than an excuse . 
  well i am as well , the best german i 've ever managed was when i got lost in east berlin close to the curfew many years ago . 
  since then it 's all been downhill . 
  even had a german girlfriend for a while and my efforts produced a heady mix of mirth and horror . 
  and again mad about durer , ernst , dix , klee , etc and many german films and bands . 
  i have a cousin who 's an interpreter for the ep ( french/english ) and i 've tried with her and it really is like a brain damaged car crash victim conversing with sartre . 
  of course it does mean i 'm very grateful for just how many folk speak english , in a non-imperialist way of course , and get to talk to a lot of tourists too , but beyond getting bienvenue , salut !, 
  and bon vacances right i 'm bloody useless at it . 
  france 24 is my preferred news channel , i think it would be a good thing if you broadcast everything in english instead . 
  :p it 's not healthy is it ? 
  there seems to be more misunderstanding than understanding . 
  meanwhile in scotland : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/police-scotland-hijab-official-uniform-muslim-women-islam-muslims-veil-a7207106.html, 
  i speak a little french very poorly . 
  you know the idea of how when you visit a country the locals appreciate you making the effort to speak their language ? 
  i 'm the exception which proves that rule . 
  i 've been asked to desist on a number of occassions usually along the lines of `` my english is poor , but your french is attrocious please stop and we 'll speak in english . '', 
  having been a big fan of moebius , druillet , bilal , caro , etc since the 70 's and french cinema since the 80 's you 'd assume i 'd get better but there 's scant evidence of this , it 's almost as if i 'm an idiot savant , but lacking the savant ... 
  i do n't like it but i have an understanding of how and why it 's becoming more popular . 
  i do n't believe there 's anyone with the ability to defeat it either . 
  what a stunningly good response and a quick one too . 
  thank you very much . 
  fyi i was managing to get that wholly wrong aside from opening my mouth and having noise come out . 
  yes , and i find them much easier to eat than regular peaches . 
  there 's still a fair amount of juice dribbling over the chin of course but that 's all part of a good ripe juicy peach . 
  not french thank god but this may be useful : http://www.france24.com/en/20160721-state-secularism-religion-government-religious-symbols-head-scarf-muslims-catholics-judaism, 
  no there 's no oath . 
  tony blair . 
  we use cervix , but only for certain people . 
  it 's the new renaissance for sure . 
  guns . 
  m4 please . 
  https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/ee371f1f4191818c95dd7f5af76d8ad0e1d58287/5_14_607_364/master/607.jpg?w=620&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=35e57b9057e831dea5eaa54f463bc49b the story behing it : https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jan/03/like-a-beautiful-painting-image-of-new-years-mayhem-in-manchester-goes-viral,
