  on hearing this many assume it 's a goebbels invention , but it was created by the crews of harris ' bomber command ... 
  if it 's an internal matter for spain why is she commenting ? 
  could it be a little more meddling in spain 's affairs ? 
  if you know this and do n't inform the authorities you 're committing a criminal offence . 
  you 've just posted about knowing this publically . 
  you have little choice , unless you want to wait for a knock on your door . 
  sending troops in is entering the conflict ... perhaps if we follow canada 's lead , show us how to send troops to a warzone without getting involved . 
  what we want does n't come into it ... 
  there 's over 17,000 of them already , what happened to the eu being the guardian of peace ? 
  sounds like you want war . 
  he 's not suggesting that . 
  too rude by far . 
  we do n't need to build anymore though do we , it 's throwing good money after bad . 
  given the swiss tradition of extreme privacy is n't it possible for there be be a richer swiss person ? 
  awful stuff . 
  likely explains why they drink little . 
  truism but barbarity breeds barbarity . 
  the great reassurance is how they 'll never win . 
  disappointed with the uk performance , we shall train !, 
  i do n't suppose any of those documentaries are available with english subtitles are they ? 
  i take your word on it , but i 'd like to watch them . 
  i did see one recently , german with subs , but it was n't very good , seemed to concentrate on interviewing friends of beate zsch\u00e4pe . 
  they all said the same thing , she 's a lovely person , i never had a clue about her politics , she brought candy for the children , blah , blah . 
  unconvincing , and unchallenged . 
  i 'd also like some more info , or links , about the raf cases if you would . 
  so you would n't concede how it might just be a `` few bad apples '' ? 
  i 'd say it does look as if there 's been some collusion , but without a thorough investigation we 're unlikely to ever know . 
  young men !, 
  move to sweden !, 
  they need your penis !, 
  valid point but also : these folk are long retired by now . 
  i posted this the other day , got little discussion and downvotes ... 
  i should have changed my flair first methinks ... 
  probably thatcher from modern times , cromwell from older times . 
  at the moment probably that twat who beheaded the yank journo the other day , closely followed by the killers of lee rigny . 
  send it here : http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&amp;grid=17644063 do n't forget a return address - just in case . 
  the name of that place is amusing ... 
  it 's an interesting reticence seeing as the german arms industry , bigger than the uk in exports , earns around $ 3.6 billion ( $ 4.9 billion ) * in exports and includes countries like saudi arabia and singapore . 
  the kurds have needed this type of support since ' 91 , and folk are still dragging their heels , it 's this lack of timely action which gives is , and it 's ilk , it 's success . 
  * http://online.wsj.com/articles/german-arms-exports-to-non-allies-soar-1402508012, 
  ... guaranteeing peace across the universe for fifty years ... 
   especially stories from israeli newspapers . 
  this applies to all media regardless of nationality . 
  are they not cold enough already ? 
  so guilty without trial ? 
  from an american ? 
  impressive . 
  i think we should embrace the nightmare sold to us , and rehouse all muslims in centralised camps where they can be both protected and productive . 
  capital punishment is banned across the eu of course ... 
  i see this as effectively pointless . 
  it does n't help bring them to justice , so does n't discover whether they 've actually done anything and given how the met have been claiming how watching a video is a terrorist offence is just a short way from being misused . 
  the germans still have the best font . 
  what all the tractors have them ? 
  but how does nationality have any place in policing ? 
  it 's not like someone speeds and the police consider whether they should enforce the law based on it . 
  although i could imagine police in poor cars might not want to chase german cars as they 'd not catch up . 
  and in some ostie countries gouging a bribe out of a foreigner would be made easier . 
  i 've seen some where a national flag sticker has been placed over the eu part . 
  surprised if anyone interested has n't seen this - the polls afterwards gave farage the win by two-thirds to one afterwards , which just goes to show how many idiots can turn on their tv . 
  not sure why our cousin here is getting downvotes - grow up . 
  the pub . 
  each and every one of them . 
  quite , more so in the uk because of the shared language . 
  who ? 
  they have a different tune for the ge now , a variation on a theme if you like ... `` brits good , immigrants bad . '', 
  i live in this constituancy and sadly i know farage will win it . 
  no it is n't because that conflict predates the existance of the eu . 
  this one is definately india : http://www.cine-city.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/brighton-pavilion.jpg they just got the filename wrong ... 
   what they all agreed was that individual eu member states could take action themselves if they wished . 
  very generous of them ... 
  well there 's always private funding , which the u.s. has a tiny amount of so i 've heard . 
  delightfully racist . 
  `` how can we gain funding from the u.s. ? '', 
  perhaps ? 
  our government ? 
  i 'd take google seriously on this if they had a good record for paying their taxes - until they do i do n't care what they might claim . 
  sadly i think it 's got a lot to do with how few brits ever consider going there despite it being quite wonderful . 
  folk seem to prefer to go almost anywhere else in europe , aside from those who have fallen in love with the place and moved there . 
  what if it was controlled as a multi-nationalised org ? 
  it 's quite a dated idea i think , almost 19th but definately 20th century . 
  we need something more futuristic and genuinely global in a non-imperialist way . 
  what we have is local and only global in it 's functionality for corporations , it 's not a solid foundation for anything but more of the same . 
  there does seem to be a growing increase in a link between eu-scepticism and extremism , and in part from polarising issues but also from the anger expressed against any scepticism . 
  democracy should be a clash of ideas and then we vote , surely ? 
  i 'm just as worried by the cultist sycophancy of the pro 's myself . 
  fifty years is no time at all in the scheme of things . 
  unless you 're waiting for a bus . 
  i think dry-nederlanders or ost-nederlanders for the germans would be better ... 
   these are not `` modern '' vehicles , their current subversion is . 
  pedantry does n't really add anything to this discussion . 
  do you mean `` where am the bestish ? 
  i really do struggle with what russia is trying to achieve with what appears to be a river of stupid statements and questionable actions flowing faster every week . 
  it 's as if they want the rest of the world to think of them as idiotic thugs . 
  i 've gone off cgp grey after his not-very-good-at-all vid about the british monarchy ... 
  quite but as our numeric scot says we do expect better from the u.s. - just why i 'm not sure , but in the same way i 'd like to think you did n't get downvoted for discussing it quite rationally ... 
  quite right , there 's 427 seats which was ample for the number of mp 's at the time , and 646 mps . 
  it 's only fully occupied a couple of times a year . 
  you snidey cunt . 
  better ? 
  uk : even more impractical than ireland 's and tiny well it was built after the fire of october 1834 .
