  or even `` we 're number one ! '', 
  a common chant not linked to aggressive foreign policy nor neo-imperialism . 
  well ca n't have everything . 
  you 'd be gutted if you 'd lead a healthy life , always driven safely and got hit by a terrorist attack though ... 
  i do n't doubt their sincerity nor their good hearts , i just think they got a little carried away with it all . 
  they should have used the german system with it 's single question `` are you syrian ? 
  aka : i 've made a mistake but do n't you dare mention it ... 
  quite . 
  plus the worse a story can be made to sound the better it sells , and often when truly newsworthy stories are short the media takes minor stories and blows them out of all proportion . 
  personally i see the bulk of news media as much of a problem as many of the stories they report . 
  problem is most news is negative ... 
  thanks . 
  thanks , i understand all too well why they might call them that , just did n't know what it really meant . 
  so it translates as a boiled egg but is linked to slang for a pussy ? 
  it 's the old classic `` do as i say , not as i do . '', 
  it 's interesting to see newer members stand up for themselves , usually they 're shamed into doing whatever is desired with the inherent threat of not looking like good europeans if they do n't . 
  i 'm disappointed to see austria just poodle though . 
  you were n't as clear in your op as you have been in this one . 
  i 'm still not convinced that any of your pro 's would actually happen , military spending is notoriously uneconomical , and even corrupt , as it is . 
  once aniother level of bureaucracy is added it will get more so . 
  that 's simply not true , as athena , the eumc , eda , etc have shown . 
  in bosnia and the balkans it took a year and a half for europeans to agree to take action , there 's no plan for the military industries and to develop one would likely lead to france , uk and germany having to cut their industries back , several member states lack entire classes of units , there 's over 20 hqs with different logistical concepts , four types of aircraft underway , a large number of eu troops are effectively undeployable , we 've had eu battlegroups since 2007 but they 're an unknown quantity as they 've never been deployed . 
  the eu has n't had a successful audit of it 's accounts as it stands , how would you convince the 50 % of eu military strength that sits with france and the uk to hand their budgets over ? 
  we have all the organisation for eu military co-operation in place , it does n't work well but it would make more sense to develop that , learn lessons before taking a leap towards an eu army . 
  have a read of this to see what the state of play is : http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201012/ldselect/ldeucom/292/29202.htm, 
   the us is probably the most important member of nato and is certainly the one with the biggest pile of cash it 's willing to throw at conflicts . 
  ftfy, 
  ah , an interesting point well put - at last !, 
  what 's poland got to feel guilty about ? 
  undercutting british tradesmen and turning up on time ? 
  i 'm not convinced they do , they want to do the right thing but seem happy to try everything else before discovering what that might be . 
  i 'm denying a link between modern germany and ww2 , it 's tedious and misplaced at best , malicious at worst . 
  you and the vast majority of your compatriots have no responsibility for your history at all . 
  i 'd support each and every german posting `` genug von dieser schei\u00dfe ! '', 
  whenever this nonsense arose . 
  trying to shame folk into doing something or even just agreeing with something seldom works . 
  guilt seems to be a big part of the german psyche , and for no good reason for the bulk of modern germans , i 'm not sure any other member state shares this . 
  it 's the daily mail so no great surprise really . 
  similar article in english for the terminally lazy : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/08/10/hitler-quotes-in-the-comments-of-daily-mail-articles_n_7966560.html il est le daily mail , donc pas vraiment une grande surprise . 
  no , mainly because i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  i do n't believe it 's about policy nor about big change , it 's more about maintaining the status quo . 
  i saw it was in a lake and rather hoped it was the bodensee ... 
   justified sure , but its still shit , because it destroys the future . 
  i 'm not sure the future can be destroyed . 
  i 'm not talking about more-or-less justification though , justified hate can be a very smart thing to do depending on the circumstances . 
  in the example you give a justified hatred of conflict was converted into a more positive future . 
   the father takes the dangerous trip . 
  once he is settled in , he can get his wife and children to come over via a safe route by plane . 
  that 's just a guess , or even an invention . 
  look at any footage or photos of refugees and there 's a mix representing the community they come from . 
  who flees for their life thinking it 's okay to leave woman and children behind ? 
   and finally stop with this hate-each-other shit down there . 
  although i agree with your general sentiment i 'm not sure some of that hate cand be dismissed as `` shit '' nor dispelled so quickly . 
  some hatred could be very justified could n't it ? 
  so that 's admitting there 's a lot of economic migrants rather than refugees ? 
  aye and the plucking of shirt , nose , brushing back of hair cycle . 
  turkey is using isis and the surrounding chaos to concentrate on picking on the kurds , again . 
  no one is likely to notice . 
  as much as he 's a weapon of mass deletion i think his deployment is illegal under international law . 
  hitting the nail on the head . 
  it 's surprisingly similar to what i hear from day to day , there 's two polarised camps , one wishing to let everyone in the other wishing to let no one in . 
  discussing it properly is equally as difficult too , with wild accusations thrown at anyone who might disagree . 
  i 'm not convinced that these people have nothing to do with the eu , if they did it would n't be an issue would it ? 
  the eu and most member states have effectively sat on their hands when it comes to the four year long fighting in syria , so i do n't share your optimism of a solution being found in months . 
  obviously germany is acting with a good heart , well it 's people , but it 's been mismanaged and to many it comes across as dictatorial . 
  i think you should stop putting yourself through the mill for something you had no involvement in nor responsiblity for . 
  germany will announce how the refusers lack humanity and sulk . 
  no great surprise surely ? 
  yep and the `` blah , blah , blahs '' . 
  that guru nanak darbar gurdwara is a stunning building , and there 's tours available . 
  that 's an interesting point . 
  merkel may have buggered up a few things but that 's her doing , the folk should n't take it to heart . 
  night of the hot knives ? 
  well no one likes a hippy . 
  why would you care what idiots might say ? 
  okay , thanks . 
  really ? 
  that 's a great idea if so . 
  quite and we 'd queue to take part as well . 
   looks like you guys are just completely incapable of letting go of your prejudices or feeling any empathy . 
  this topic often descends into folk throwing enough shit in the hope some might stick . 
  here you go for the racist/inhumane combo ... the most interesting thing about claims of empathy lacking in an argument is how it reveals a lack of empathy with the soul making that argument . 
  the problem is n't duplicate posts as such , it 's when i go to post a link which has already been posted . 
  usually you get a warning `` this has already been posted '' but i 'm not getting that warning . 
  it is only in this subreddit that i 'm not getting it . 
  it might explain why there 's a growing number of duplicate posts . 
   ... it 's strange that they think they have a right to all these privileges . 
  i find it even stranger that many seem to want to give them such privileges . 
  apologies for not being clear enough , but i 'm talking about reposting an article and not being given the warning that i 'm about to do so . 
  quite , now i know it 's not just me i will . 
  a lot of the eu citizens in daesh would be known to the authorities , and any eu passports with a record of being close to syria would attract attention . 
  someone coming into the eu under cover without any id would likely attract less attention , enjoy free travel , housing , etc , and in many places enjoy a welcome from the locals . 
  posing as a refugee has been used before , adolf eichmann , josef mengele and klaus barbie and several tens of thousands all escaped justice by disappearing into the chaos and having the vatican and red cross issue them papers to travel . 
  it 's only happening for me here , not in other subs . 
  and it 's just here , getting the warning on other subs . 
  just checked , and yes it is . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/homeopathy-conference-ends-in-chaos-after-delegates-take-hallucinogenic-drug-10491114.html http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/homeopathy-conference-ends-in-chaos-after-delegates-take-hallucinogenic-drug-10491114.html, 
  there was an agreement in how displaced persons were to be managed which germany chose to abandon . 
  this will be no different . 
  oh and another post deleted : https://en.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3k2b5m/germany_and_sweden_are_said_to_help_make_afghan/cuubub2?context=3 i ca n't find that story elsewhere anyone else ?
