  oh and the queue involved to do this . 
  they 've no right of entry to the uk , it 's a french problem . 
  bon chance !, 
  u.s. media wins over european ? 
  interesting how it 's taken the yanks for there to be action taken against them . 
  praise the lord that there 's a solid , if slightly pious , nation who keeps totally out of it ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyo-sciqfx0, 
  the socialist workers party , https://www.swp.org.uk/ , who specialise in a very high noise to signal ratio . 
  it used to be quite an organisation but increasingly became irrelevent , and then the remaining hardcore took a bit of a bashing around their rape scandal : http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2014/05/comrades-war-decline-and-fall-socialist-workers-party class war , http://www.classwarparty.org.uk/ , a revamp of the 80 's original , but now wholly anarchist . 
  dedicated to violent action , hairdye and putting the fuck back into politics . 
  communist party of great britain - marxist leninist , http://www.cpgb-ml.org/ , tiny organisation with a cold-war-still-going angle . 
  takes a strong oppositional stance to just about everything , n.korea a lovely place , etc , in a brave bid to protect their dodgy funding . 
  i can point you in the right direction , try adam curtis ' `` mayfair set '' , a bbc production from a respected documentary maker : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=234h8x1-jia i 'd also suggest looking at ttip , isds , juncker leading the eu `` fight against corporate tax avoidance '' , `` after dominating luxembourg politics for 20 years during which the grand duchy got rich on the most systematic tax avoidance practices known in europe . '', 
  ( from : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/nov/12/jean-claude-juncker-european-commission-campaign-tax-avoidance-luxembourg ) and the greek debt crisis . 
  there 's no need for conspiracy theories , it 's all well reported . 
   what european nation states need to realise is that their absolute authority over themselves is ever diminishing regardless of whether the eu exists or not we do n't need to look so far afield to see such erosion , corporations , banks and pension funds hold the reins of control , if the eu either panders to that , or ca n't compete with it then the power has already gone . 
  that 's too much of a leap , we could do with going double-barreled instead , or at least first . 
  french-european , english-european , etc. 
  i believe it 's fine , some of my worst enemies are gay . 
  london ... it 's full of tourists . 
  i agree , i like european cinema as a whole , county specific threads would be a lot of work to keep up with , with a general thread you 're more likely to get have gems pop up amongst the better known films . 
   other than some badmouthing of them damn germans ? 
  you consistently misread what i say , attribute meaning to it which does n't exist , so if you 're now reduced to claiming victim status i 'll take my leave . 
  no you 're applying strawmen now i 've not said any of that . 
  the title says it 's the fair solution , and measures other nations against it . 
  i 'm not suggesting fair is `` super hard '' to define as you suggest , i 'm suggesting it 's a wholly subjective manner with which to propose something , and therefore a poor choice . 
  it 's akin to claiming it `` cool '' , `` nice '' , etc. 
  it 's a weak proposition . 
  the konigstein quota system is a domestic german system designed for dealing with asylum seekers within germany . 
  your example is simplistic , what if we went out for a drink and one of us was unemployed and the other in a well-earning job ? 
  what if one of us ran up 80 % of the bill ? 
  fair can be claimed by anyone for just about anything , it can be claimed even for the horrendous if folk are evangelical enough , it does n't mean it should be embraced by others . 
  fair is subjective , if you 're looking for a solution which has to include fairness you 're not finding a solution so much as finding something to salve the conscience of those seeking such . 
  sure germans can feel fine about themselves , they 've developed the `` only fair solution '' and everyone else is a racist . 
  it just does n't wash . nationals have democratic rights , and being biased towards those is what politics should , and typically does , reflect . 
  why should any single nation dictate what the others should do ? 
  claims of bigotry ? 
  applying guilt ? 
  i never claimed either . 
  so it 's a german solution for a german problem . 
  i think it would be fair to allow member states to do as much as they can , given their economies , political atmosphere and wishes of their nationals . 
  i do n't believe there 's one formula applicable to all , it might make it easier for the statistics , but that way lies problems . 
  i 'm glad to hear this . 
  thanks for the explanation of the system . 
  well yes it does depend on what someone might consider fair which is why i was surprised to see it in the title . 
  just about anything system for anything can be claimed as fair , but it 's subjective . 
  in this case though it suggests other member states could be acting unfairly and by it 's nature that 's divisive . 
  so `` fair '' does n't really come into it ? 
  it 's an equation developed by the germans . 
  how would that address a fall in population or taxes ? 
  well that 's not very progressive ... : /, 
  interesting how that does n't apply to those members hardly taking any asylum seekers , or is that what you mean by full swing ? 
  not seen any of this in the uk and i live in an area with a strong greek community , and the first greek orthodox church outside of greece . 
  is the rest of europe really being unpleasant ? 
  oh okay , does seem a bit much as it 's not like yopu were proving the existance of god or similar . 
  was there a big fuss about not having sources ? 
  i know where all these where and half expected you to miss of the kent ones , which most folk do , so was pleasantly suprised . 
  this does also tie in with heavy industry as well , well where we used to have it . 
  perhaps , but there 's nothing you can do about that . 
  regroup , plan , attack !, 
  for a poor campaign leading to not having enough seats for a football team . 
  i can assure you i 've never grid an axe nor do i ever intend to . 
  i can understand you 're unhappy with the result but running around being a victim does n't get you anywhere . 
  that 's indicative of the libdems failure to engage the electorate , it 'd probably be best if they did n't include the blaming , and denying responsibility , in their next manifesto . 
  oh i do n't know you manage to express a healthy mix of both . 
  have lib dem supporters devolved their high election hopes to a mix of victimhood and blaming the electorate now then ? 
  there were two main parties in the 19th century , liberals and conservatives . 
  the liberals being the opposition , until the labour party came along and became the opposition party to each and every conservative government . 
  that 's replacement . 
  it 's not just you . 
  at some of the places i regularly visit in calais i have been told that their english may be poor but my french is so atrocious they 'd be happier if i never tried it again ... 
  i 've had this with german as well . 
  i imagine some compatriots might but it 's not something me , my family or friends would do . 
  we 're always rather happy to meet someone who 's honoured us with a visit , and typically if we 're friendly they 're friendly back . 
  even if language is a berrier there 's always gesticulating , humming abd gurning to get you through . 
  i think that 's an incredibly astute observation , but i have to temper that by saying / u/slyratchet is one of the smartest brit posters on here . 
  the only polls which have been repeatedly accurate have been the exit polls . 
  the other pollsters appear to live in the same bubble as the politicians ... 
  probably a good time to start a rumour that pr is a foreign idea then . 
  excellent additional detail proving books win over internet , ta . 
  me too , our green candidate is the only one i ever see out and about . 
  he 's got solidly good taste in music too . 
  no i do n't think it 's that , it think it reflects more how the labour party has become the party of ethnic minorities in the way it used to be the party of the working class . 
  i have a suspicion that the snp could have stood candidates outside of scotland and had favourable results . 
  you 're slightly mistaken , scottish and welsh nationalist parties are far more pro-eu then english nationalist parties . 
  their signal to noise ratio is far healthier too . 
  no because the polling stations would be closed by then :p, 
  you missed mmy point , try clicking through ... 
  like i say putinesque . 
  possibly , despite him being a foul man there 's a hint of a teflon coating to him . 
  i 'm hoping it 'll be similar to the nf in '79 - who had 300 candidates , each one losing their deposit , and the nf imploding as a result . 
  ukip have over 600 , so fingers crossed - it 'd total over 300k . 
  for your entertainment here 's the latest foul fruit : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2015-england-32595003, 
  bear in mind he 's lost in thanet south , where i live , before and he 's quit the leadership before . 
  so i 'm all for history repeating itself . 
  unfortunately he may come back . 
  well going for a coffee would very likely have been `` on the clock '' ... 
  i 'm going to squeeze in some written word as a play and hope it counts ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_ruling_class_%28play%29, 
  aka the parade to celebrate their prophet 's birthday ... 
  meanwhile in sweden fascists riot ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcyqoxfpayu in belgium communists attack police ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_7cxm_ufym in austria christians attack jews ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beje0e5_r_g etc. . . 
  dictatorial angle breaching any agreements fairly arrived upon .
