  just like how stealing is illegal but there are still thieves . 
  well you either want free speech , or you do n't . 
  i 'd prefer it , but the uk does n't enjoy it - the us model is pretty solid and the idiots are easy to spot . 
  i was wondering if you were seeking eu citizenship , but if you 've an hungarian passport you 're in . 
  how dreadfully sad . 
  rip . 
  probably through the jobcentre , or one of it 's wings ; http://www.learndirect.com/help/about-learndirect/our-products-and-services/apprenticeships/?gclid=clps45rr47scfy3ltaodcasavw https://www.gov.uk/apprenticeships-guide/applications-and-qualifications, 
  you 're welcome , upvote if it 's helpful please  you considering jumping ship ? 
  is it the henley & partners visa restrictions index you 're after ? 
  the uk has them , but they 're not a touch on the same which used to be offered 40-60 years ago . 
  someone takes photos , let 's argue about it . 
  well i 'm grateful for the photos - thanks . 
  i feel no need to correct how you choose to name them , sling mud at other redditors , nor generally get hateful when there 's a better situation for eire/ni which is worth being grateful for . 
  his flair suggests not . 
  i 'm familiar with both of those as well as gandhi . 
  the association between those and this politician is what i 'm not familiar with , and looking up things i know wo n't explain things i do n't . 
  is the suggestion that his walk is similar to those of gandhi ? 
  this chap is interesting , not least for what he did , but where does the connection to gandhi come from ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  i expressed no argument . 
  some of the smartest folk i know are idiots . 
  thanks . 
  not quite so sensationalist . 
  still it 's a pity , i 'd happy hang it on my wall . 
  not the world 's most reliable source , so i 'm wondering if any of our nordic cousins might have a better one . 
  i tend to agree . 
  however cameron is a much bigger idiot than most idiots . 
  well good luck with gaining the symbolic from dave 's barefaced opportunism . 
  brace yourself , it will get worse and it wo n't be over by christmas . 
  '' david cameron placing flowers at a german and a commonwealth cemetery would be a much more powerful symbol . '', 
  the menin gate memorial is also a commonwealth memorial , bar new zealand and newfoundland . 
  i 'm no fan of `` dave '' but getting the facts right might assist your argument . 
  beware the belgian bier jihadists - six americans `` disappeared '' in november alone . 
  all `` what-if 's '' are indeed a guessing game , but one where everyone is right , nothing is too far fetched rendering it a expulsion of hot air rather than anything useful . 
  the actuality is far more interesting . 
  no , other than to express how i expect more intelligence from a finn . 
  it 's the kind of dime a dozen question i 'd expect from a yank in his early teens . 
  neither , it 's a wild and bordering on the idiotic question , i gave it the serious answer it 's worth . 
  next week : what would europe be like without ... any particular member nation , women , air , etc. . . 
  one of the things the eu prides itself on , rightly or wrongly , is as a bringer of peace . 
  if the eu concentrated on that it does n't need an army , having more of an army means less peace or wasting money . 
  really ? 
  i agree . 
  we already have the armies , many of which have already cooperated in exercises or deployments . 
  it 's difficult enough to trust and manage those we already have , another under some committee control would be wasteful at best . 
  yes where it should display over the post it does n't , it only shows over the title bar . 
  ... without it we 'd all have flying cars and take tea on the moon ... 
  i do n't believe the independence movement will be successful . 
  you need to work on your english for us to understand you . 
  try harder . 
  well only some of us do . 
  seppo libertarian just means a mildly articulate fascist in my book . 
  old uncle chop-chop ( rip ) made more sense . 
  no your bullshit is not important . 
  trite . 
  great , someone else to spy on citizens . 
  possibly , but that 's only if they settle for the dominant style of revolution , there are other options . 
  i wish the bulgars the best of luck with their endeavours . 
  oh dear , what a pity , never mind . 
  they all have the capacity for a lot of nationalism , and none at all . 
  we 've seen a similar point on this a while ago , tenuous suggestion i think . 
  more likely russia 's tactics . 
  best if luck to the strikers . 
  there 's an error on that piece : `` but unions rejected the deal , which would have cut wages that are now around $ 1,000 to $ 1,200 a month . '', 
  we 've seen similar in the ddr that 's for sure . 
  interestingly there 's really not such a thing as a demonstration in favour of something in the west , it 's always against something . 
  the closest we experience is the counter-demonstration . 
  this does leave a feeling that any demo in support of something is usually organised by those who it benefits , the kind of thing we might have seen the likes of saddam hussein organise . 
  what does anyone else think about this ? 
  i 've got some on my shoes . 
  what you mean ... mussolini ? 
  true but usually they 're poor are n't they ? 
  not unique to the eu film units by any means . 
  vital to the northern renaissance , with guttenburg having the first printing press , and nuremburg the first paper mill and also the wonderful durer . 
  the combination divine . 
  great electronic music , from kraftwerk , to daf , der plan and a long list of others . 
  great sausages , average to good beer , superb women . 
  a reputation of hard work , high standards , quality and efficiency . 
  solidly reliable rail and roads . 
  germany suffers from having suffered , first under fascists , and then partially under communists , having got past that a lot of folk , ignorantly , like to hold that against them ... a shame . 
  interesting question . 
  i do n't think there 's much concern about this in the u.k. 
  i think it would be more contentious if it were a 21 year old woman dating a 16 year old boy . 
  what a frighteningly ineffective looking channel ... govt does this kind of thing so poorly . 
  my county council wasted a ton of cash on similar ; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kent_tv, 
   really , in an ideal world , the media in most countries ( especially english-speaking ones ) should devote a lot more of their political coverage to things that happen in brussels and across europe . 
  sounds like press control to me , given how `` should '' usually indicates duty , propriety , or expediency . 
  fair enough , just wanted to see how far you felt the fascist boundary went . 
  this comment i agree with . 
   yourself deserve to be called a fascist . 
  would you extend this slur to the international brigades ? 
  i disagree with the press control . 
  totally agree with reform though , not least on meetings . 
  even small and medium businesses do n't have to all be in the same room to have a meeting , why not eu meetings too . 
  it does seem a dividing line , it reminded me of this video of david duke visiting syria ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5abvlctlwuk, 
  solid reply , thanks . 
  solid reply , thanks . 
  `` wilders has simply played down the substantive differences that exist -- yet they are significant . 
  indeed , the dutch politician asserts he does not want any `` right-wing extremist and racist '' parties in his movement . 
  in particular , he has so far shunned radical groups like the british national party , the jobbik party in hungary and germany 's national democratic party ( npd ) .
