  http://www.twyman.org.uk/deal-castle1.jpg walmer castle , artillery fort originally constructed by henry viii . 
  same design as deal . 
  http://www.webbaviation.co.uk/gallery/d/43580-1/walmercastle-db60485.jpg dover castle , a proper castle founded in the 12th century http://www.doverdistrictcouncil.com/wp-content/uploads/dover_castle.jpg, 
  good work from the german police . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't have a problem with rules , if anyone does they can always go to the rabidly right-wing alternative . 
  although the low-quality rule does seem to be used , albeit rarely , as a way to quickly delete posts . 
  immigration , both legal and illegal , is a big issue across europe and i believe it 's safe to say there 's no political will to address it . 
  it would be a shame if we mimicked that inactivity and did n't discuss it , not least because it adds to the problem . 
  you inferred it , your standard as the standard . 
  votes suffice . 
  i admit it 's lower than usual quality for cb , but i thought it would be of interest . 
  thanks for all the info , the subjective overcame the actuality , 
  you do n't like it so no one else should be permitted to see it ? 
  the us has a straight forward concept of fos , permitting total freedom . 
  the eu has limitations as enshrined in article 10 of the european convention on human rights ; `` 2 . 
  the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . '', 
  effectively you enjoy it , and we do n't . 
  that 's a good point but does n't negate u/slyratchet 's point . 
  ratchet has always struck me as one of the most honest and intelligent posters on here , so i do n't doubt him . 
  i had a linked video deleted under the same rule by dclauzel two days ago . 
  it was this one : https://en.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3huk45/cassetteboy_remix_the_news_cameron_tries_to_keep/ it 's not great cinema but being made wholly of edited newsclips it 's not `` low quality '' , i messaged the mods and it was reinstated but by then it had dropped off the first few pages and few saw it . 
  it 's subject was , in very small part , immigration . 
  if you 've ever seen a cassetteboy video you 'd have noticed he 's not pro-tory nor anti-immigrant . 
  should i delete it or wait for the court order ? 
  it 's unworkable but also quite decadent i think . 
  i think your post should be removed . 
  yes please , pm me to arrange to send the cheque . 
  new york ? 
  those russians are dreadful shots ... 
  fingers crossed . 
  surely it 's the theocrats and their ignorant followers ? 
  i finally got my bunker finished !, 
  sit next to the yanks kerel . 
  apparently he was residing in spain , so not sure if he was being effectively monitored . 
  given his actions it 's unlikely he was . 
  `` we 'll set about thee ! '', 
   hamid c obviously belgian . 
  i disagree , teutonity sound like a book from the bible . 
  ask him next time he wants to stash some cash under your bed . 
   if the big european successes are in jeopardy because of a temporary crisis temporary ? 
  sangatte camp was opened just after the sa was signed , and was growing as more member states signed up and denmark , sweden , finland , norway and iceland 's entry was at the same time for riots in sangatte . 
  there was no response then , and there 's none now . 
  a few of us have given serious answers though . 
  that 's just a platitude though is n't it ? 
  odd choice of headline , we already have freedom and justice , so how would that be the first step to it ? 
  because there 's no real debate , no serious solutions nor a political will to find them . 
  folk have noticed this ... 
  there are n't any , there 's plenty of rhetoric , a little bit of chest thumping , a slight hand wringing from some . 
  the media reports it as if it were the apocalypse, 
  good , there 's a common misconception that brits do n't like visitors , but we 're always glad to see them . 
  excellent , i trust all my compatriots were pleasant to you . 
  sorry to see you go , hope you had a great time . 
  i 'm in east kent near dover , we know all about stack . 
  the latest plan is to park the lorries at a nearby disused airport , which will free up the m20 allowing cars to get to dover and folkestone to join the queues quicker . 
   which way were you travelling ? 
  i agree . 
  thanks for the positive changes . 
  europa . 
  the impossible happens on an increasingly regular basis , so do n't let mere facts get in the way of a wild idea . 
  ban the megathread ? 
  not enormous , but imminently achievable and madly popular . 
  he is , but he 's a u.s. citizen . 
  i did n't realise the op was asking for secrets rather than conspiracies . 
  that the anti-eu elements of the usa are funding a propaganda campaign to paint the uk as anti-european . 
   if there are people willing , why not take the oppotunity ? 
  that 's a claim which could be made for a series of distasteful opportunities . 
  `` germany to gain 100bn posts of this story '', 
  with budget of over $ 5.5 b to be above this kind of thing . 
  people care about unpaid labour regardless of organisations , just like people have ethics without a god . 
  in france i also believe it 's `` megthread '' . 
  i smell spam . 
  there 's been plenty of posts damned to the mt without being about immigration , like the one about rising anti-semitism . 
  the best bet is to pretend stories are n't a big issue , those are safe ... 
  a good find . 
  thanks . 
  ahhh i get you now thanks for the further explanation . 
  i disagree though . 
  you 're repeating the myth , especially in simplifying it to the level of a disney movie . 
  if you 've got the time and/or interest watch this documentary , it best expresses my thoughts : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xom6-1swl4, 
  racism is unique to the extreme right-wing ? 
  myopic at best . 
  but if you want two dimensional problems and big evil others i imagine it might suit you . 
  do you do a lot of online gaming or similar ? 
   no we were talking about right-wing and islamic extremism , racially motivated attacks fall under right-wing extremism . 
  except for when they do n't of course , islamists can attack in a similar manner as can blacks and just about every other racially defined group . 
  nope , not doing it . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't get what you 're saying . 
  yes , it might be a sign of doing something right though . 
  i agree auntie was biased during the referendum , but more importantly so did the nuj . 
  there 's a long list of bias : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_the_bbc it does n't include alan yentob 's involvement as chairman with `` kids company '' and his alleged interference with bbc coverage of it 's demise and allegations surrounding that . 
  quite . 
  i think it was a mistake to include ale in the map when it 's supposed to be all about beer . 
  it 's got ale in the north of england and beer in the south , but there 's a world of difference . 
  / ale drinker, 
  well part of it . 
  telly savalas did a series of voice-overs for films promoting tourism for english cities and towns . 
  they 're delightfully atrocious . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6emrgsqtego https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whiyj64tqpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxz1xn2ml10, 
  magical .
