  well , just because * you * knew ( and you certainly did n't know the extent of what was going on , or any specifics for that matter ) does n't mean the common citizen knew . 
   so what - that does n't mean that snowden still does n't have a copy of them . 
  yeah , if you 're going with that argument there 's nothing to be said . 
  i guess that putin invading ukraine does n't mean that he is n't actually trying to protect us from the illuminati terrorist plot that poroshenko was putting in motion in crimea . 
  snowden made an oath to protect the american people , * not * the american government . 
  the actions that he revealed that the government was doing went against the wishes of the american people and were highly illegal , so no , he is n't a traitor . 
  if anything he helped bring to light these illegal activities the only way he could . 
  and again , both snowden and the journalists ( which did nothing illegal ) said that they got the documents before snowden entered russia . 
  so your whole argument is `` i do n't like snowden because i do n't like putin so i 'm going to start assuming things and making stuff up '' . 
  i 'm sure you think george washington is a filthy traitor because he went against his country . 
  and rosa parks is just a criminal because she did not follow city laws . 
  and that von stauffenberg got what was coming to him , goddamn traitor trying to bomb his leader and betray his country . 
   for one , it 's a lot harder to spy on your own citizens , when you have to rely on a foreign intelligence service , you run the risk of a third party falsifying the information , to get you to act differently than normal , and you have to hope that they do n't compromise your espionage . 
  it 's harder , but not impossible , and snowden revealed that they actually do this , which is the important part . 
   how ? 
  we would n't be having any discussion on these issues if it were n't for snowden . 
  we have had politicians call out against these practices , hearings and inquiries on these matters and extensive coverage in the media . 
  more people are willing to call out intelligence companies when they overstep their bounds and try to place backdoors on encryption and other shady practices . 
  it 's a shame that a lot of the people that are responsible for this are still in power , but at least they 're being investigated . 
   how do you know that ? 
  because snowden said that and his fanclub of useful idiots is repeating it ? 
  you 're the one making the stupid claim . 
  burden of proof is on you . 
  and the journalists which published the documents said so themselves . 
  so either a lot of people simply decided to lie ( most of which are n't living in russia ) or , more likely , you 're just making baseless acusations to promote a convenient view point . 
   what should we do ? 
  tell the french we 'll stop spying on them , if they stop spying on us ? 
  how are both sides going to be sure that they wo n't be spying on each other ? 
  ideally , yes , but that will never happen . 
   from the beginning , i 've been focusing on what he did , foreign-wise . 
  that situation gets even more complicated when you consider that intelligence agencies avoid their own laws by having the other agencies spy on * their * people and sharing that information . 
  this is n't something that can be stopped by simply looking at domestic spying . 
  and what snowden did was overall a net good in stopping this bullshit . 
  so you 're justifying a wrong with another wrong ? 
  and completely ignoring the good that came out snowden 's reveals in the process . 
  you have absolutely no proof he did . 
  the documents never entered russia in the first place , they were given , encrypted , to journalists * before * snowden entered russia . 
  so the fsb does n't have them and if they were to gather information from snowden , it would be without his consent , by wiretapping his apartment . 
  you 're talking out of your ass and insulting the and insulting the man just because you 're scared of putin . 
  on * allied * governments/groups . 
  snowden did what needed to be done to bring to light the issue of privacy and state control and that required a big scandal . 
  with the amount of crimes he revealed were happening he should be congratulated , and i find it worrying why anyone would consider him a traitor . 
  if that 's being a traitor then the system is corrupt and should be changed . 
  people swore to defend the interests and rights of american people , not the american government . 
  why is snowden a traitor ? 
  for revealing that its own government was spying on its own people on an unprecedented scale ? 
  drugs are still illegal in portugal , they 're just decriminalized . 
  so you do n't get sent to jail for small amounts of drugs for personal consumption . 
  you can get sent to a clinic , to try and deal with your addiction . 
  trafficking and selling drugs and having large amounts of drugs is still completely illegal and can get you jail time . 
  the point is that you should n't punish people that are only consuming the drugs and mostly not hurting anyone or ruining some kid 's life for being caught with a few grams of weed . 
  you should help them get better and become productive members of society . 
  but people who are selling those drugs are still prosecuted . 
  just to clarify because a lot of people have this misconception , drugs are n't legal in portugal . 
  they 're decriminalized . 
  this means you do n't get sent to jail for having small amounts of drugs for personal consumption . 
  they just confiscate the drugs and send you to a clinic where you can try and deal with your addiction , or not . 
  possession or large amounts of drugs , selling drugs and all that is still totally illegal and can get you jail time . 
  because of the colors mostly . 
  many people do n't like the red and green of the republic , and would prefer blue and white , like the [ old flags ] ( http://www.historiadeportugal.info/historia-de-portugal/bandeira-de-portugal-em-1830.png ) ( pre-1910 ) . 
  many people would prefer the colors of the [ old monarchic flag ] ( http://www.historiadeportugal.info/historia-de-portugal/bandeira-de-portugal-em-1830.png ) to the red and green of the republic . 
  those people would prefer something like [ this ] ( https://os4ca.files.wordpress.com/2008/07/novabandeira1.jpg ) . 
  this gets brough up like once a month . 
  then we get tons of tourists that come to portugal thinking that drugs are legal and do n't understand why the police is confiscating their drugs . 
  if we still had macau i 'd say china . 
  but we do n't , so our options are kinda limited . 
  portugal here . 
  i 'd say spain were always our biggest rivals . 
  fortunately things quieted down and we 're buddies , though we sometimes argue about some issues ( * cough * oliven\u00e7a * cough * ) . 
  i 'm sure greece feels very stable and protected from foreign interference by their eu neighbors . 
  i 'd have gone with [ monsanto ] ( http://ncultura.pt/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/monsanto44.jpg ) for portugal . 
  self-deprecating ? 
  no , it means i believe that a human being can only be considered as such after it has developed enough to have some sort of conscience . 
  a microscopic lump of cells is merely that , a lump of cells with human dna and the potential to develop into a human . 
  it makes no sense to value that as a human life when it has none of the characteristics associated with a living human . 
  for practical purposes it does n't matter if those cells contain human dna and may eventually develop into a human , when the added choice on whether to allow that development brings many more advantages to society . 
  by only considering pure biology in determining what is human life you merely shoot yourselves in the foot when it comes to the well being of actual developed humans and society in general . 
  yeah , but human life does n't necessarily begin at conception . 
  there 's a whole lot more to humans than being an unconscious mass of cells , otherwise we 'd be murdering thousands with each masturbation session . 
  portugal was one of the last colonial empires to let go of their colonies in the mid 70s , and they were n't exactly small colonies ( angola and mozambique at least ) . 
  [ my attempt at a completely accurate map . 
  what do you mean ? 
  alentejo looks the same to me , and we got oliven\u00e7a / olivenza back . 
  and ~ ~ russia ~ ~ ( scratch that , i now see kaliningrad ) and portugal . 
  make visual contact with the pilot , try to get him on the radio and maybe fire a couple of warning shots from the cannon to show him you mean business . 
  if he keeps going shoot him down . 
  but it would have never come to this because the plane would have exited turkish space almost immediately anyway . 
  it 's a problem , but it 's a problem that can be solved by escorting the plane out , not shooting it out of the sky . 
  their lives were n't at risk , the plane was flying parallel to the turkish border and it 's pretty obvious that it is n't going to bomb a turkish city . 
  well , did you support them then ? 
  why would you have that right ? 
  does russia have the right to protect ethnic russians in urkaine as well ? 
  this is the kind of thinking that started ww1 . 
  they 've been bombing the kurds in syria . 
  and they 're not really contradictory , assad really ca n't say much if russia decides to let the syrian kurds have their state , since he depends on russian support . 
  [ he has n't got the presentation down . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqjjjcrwxqe ), 
  you 're right , a majority should n't be a requirement , which is why ps is going to be governing and not psd . 
  the reason ps and psd could n't come to terms was because ps 's whole discourse during the elections was about stopping the austerity and psd did n't want to compromise on that . 
  the left parties agreed at least on this point which allows ps , a party without a majority , to constitute government .
