  if the population supported paf 's policies they 'd either have given them enough mps to be able to get a government or they 'd have voted for other parties that were available to negotiate with paf . 
  since they did n't the only one with the support in parliament to be able to form a government is ps . 
  this is a normal democratic process and coalitions being formed post-elections have happened plenty of times in other countries . 
  this is not an uncommon thing in democratic systems . 
  denmark is ruled by a government lead by the leader of the 3rd party for example . 
  the only reason it never happened in portugal is because every party is just constantly throwing a fit and refuses to negotiate with any other party , ever . 
  the responsability would always have to be shared , unless you believed that be would get an absolute majority . 
  i do n't understand what 's so bad about compromises and agreements between different parties . 
  would you rather our government just be an endless rotation of absolute majorities where one single party rules the country while the rest sit around yelling , or would you rather them sit around and work it out like big boys and find compromises where they can in order to better defend their views . 
  they did n't win the elections , they just elected more representatives . 
  i do n't think you can consider having the support of less than 50 % of parliament while the remaining over 50 % hates you so much that they 're willing to put their differences aside so that you do n't govern again as winning . 
  most people think that the habit of [ drinking tea on the afternoon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catherine_of_braganza ) originated in england . 
  reporting in !, 
  this is how i do it and it 's the one true way . 
  just do n't get any ideas if poland disagrees with you . 
  who would attack us . 
  we 're already part of the eu and our only neighbor is spain , who is also in the eu . 
  austria is neutral because they want to be , lots of other countries near them are nato members so its not because of their location . 
  it forces us to spend a portion of our budget in our armed forces and ties us in a possible war that 's half a world away . 
  as i said , austria is perfectly fine being in an economic alliance and not being in a military one . 
  he heavily implied that even with a left coalition he would n't let them take a shot though , because he 's afraid of the markets responding to instability . 
  he also tried to convince elected mps from the biggest left party to vote against the party 's stance . 
  what 's wrong about wanting to exit nato ? 
  nato is an outdated organization that does n't help portugal in any way considering no one would ever attack us . 
  why should n't we be like austria and remain neutral , outside of organizations whose express purpose was to contain the forces of another nation . 
  i think the current german anthem is more catchy . 
  reminds me of the `` twelve days of christmas '' song . 
  that is indeed a pretty badass song , got ta add it to my `` get inspired '' playlist . 
  that is not the russian anthem , it was a song made specifically for the movie , but it 's pretty badass nonetheless , i have it on my playlist for when i want to be inspired . 
  that 's a pretty baddass anthem , i got ta say . 
  it 's certainly up there among the best . 
  for me it 's russia/ussr  france  usa  [ portugal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbn8yep4ba8 ) . 
  i may be a bit biased about including the portuguese anthem but these 4 are my favorite national anthems , with ode to joy ranking above the russian anthem if we 're including it . 
  edit : just listened to the romanian anthem and it 's pretty good as well , definitely up there with the 4 i mentioned . 
   this possibility of a coalition of the left was never presented during the campaign elections . 
  there are a lot of voters that voted for be and pcp exactly because they did not want ps to govern . 
  [ also , the possibility was definitely on the table before the elections . 
  ] ( http://www.tvi24.iol.pt/politica/debate-costa-catarina-martins/catarina-martins-rejeita-acordo-com-costa-sobre-tsu ), 
  you 're absolutely right , i was misinformed . 
   neither me nor the communist party defend this . 
  the portuguese comunist party does defend comunism as its final goal , and they have marxism-leninism as their framework ( the same used in the ussr ) , though they do not defend a complete collectivization and allow for private companies . 
  your political colors are showing in this post . 
  sorry to dissapoint you , but psd is just as bad as ps when it comes to serving their own interests and not the country 's , as shown by what the president just did . 
  of course the cds leader would say that , do you think that they would ever have any chance of forming government with ps 's support * without * ps being number 2 ? 
  ps being number 2 in such a situation is not up to question , so of course portas would say that . 
  making concessions is not the same as changing their programs , it 's called compromising and it 's how a democracy should work . 
  you have 18 % of the votes , so you use that influence to implement the measures in your program that you can , and in return for the support required to pass those measures you compromise and let someone else implement some of their measures . 
  that 's completely legitimate and allows everyone to have a voice in the parliament . 
  til . 
  that be are communists . 
  it 's weird , there 's nothing about communism in their manifest . 
  portugal has a parliamentary system and these were parliamentary elections . 
  what the left is doing is entirely in the bounds of the law and how the system is meant to work , though i would 've preferred for them to announce their availability for an agreement before the elections . 
  the left did not say they did n't want to be a part of government . 
  i think be at least said that they 'd absolutely agree to take part in the government . 
  and they would be in power , but with heavy compromises to ps , meaning they 'd get stuff like increased minimum wages . 
  compromises are part of a healthy democracy . 
  you 're massively biased against be there . 
  be has some good proposals and smart mps and they already said that they 'd drop the anti-eu stance ( which is not really anti-eu but more of a `` let 's keep our options open '' stance ) to compromise with ps . 
  saying they never give contructive ideas is bullshit . 
  how would getting out of nato damage portugal in any way btw ? 
  or are you afraid that the russians will cross half the world to attack us ? 
  how is he defending the interests of the portuguese people ? 
  he 's defending his party , that 's all . 
  in the process he 's taking a massive dump on the constitution , insulting two elected parties and asking the mps of the other party to turn on their own party . 
  how anyone is defending him i have no idea . 
   so what other choice did the president have really ? 
  no one forced the president to appoint someone at this moment . 
  he did it because he wanted to . 
  no , but we have plenty of statues honoring some pretty ruthless kings . 
  i do n't agree with removing all of the statues as they 're part of history . 
  we have tons statues of former kings all over the country in squares and important buildings , even after the republicans overthrew the monarchy in a revolution . 
  some of these kings did pretty shitty things but that 's in the distant past . 
  yeah , i saw it in a documentary called `` command & conquer : red alert '' . 
  no , it seems arrogant ant it 's the kind of attitude that will splinter europe again . 
  i would n't be able to identify chinese or japanese without the flags . 
  but what about churchill piloting a giant mechanized bulldog with a cigar in its mouth that shoots lasers ? 
  why would you want to close the bosphorus to russia ? 
  that would be an unprecedented response that is usually only taken in times of war , and as far as i know , we are n't at war with russia . 
  what about some quim barreiros ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_edeutm8-m https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dc2jjute2o0 note that 90 % of both those songs is sexual innuendo . 
  or this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs8qug-qchi, 
  that 's just ... sad . 
  that 's bad but i think the ana malhoa videos posted above are worse . 
  this is the best kind of ridiculous and it 's amazing . 
  unless our claims to african territories go against the plans of your companies . 
  i would have thought it would be austria since you guys were together in the a-h empire . 
  fun fact , our current anthem ( `` a portuguesa '' ) was composed shortly after this incident , as a call to arms against the british . 
  originally it had the line `` against the bretons , march on , march on ! '', 
  which has been changed for the anthem to `` against the cannons , march on , march on !, 
  quotes can also mean that you 're taking something verbatim , a.k.a. 
  quoting . 
  they are , but a lot of the times it has been due to popular uprising and non-collaboration that their efforts failed , more so than simply due to military might . 
  i do n't think they 'd be able to take the country in the long run if they tried , but i think our conventional forces would n't last long . 
  same . 
  do i trust the portuguese army to not start a coup and occasionally help with natural disasters and peacekeeping ? 
  yes , but that 's sort of the minimum that 's expected . 
  do i trust them to defend the country in case of invasion ( looking at you spain ) ? 
  nope . 
  woohoo , we 're going to be on the news again !,
