  came here to say francesinha ( check out / r/francesinhas ) but i 'm glad someone already said it . 
  i can only add one of my personal favorite portuguese sweets : [ algarve marzipan cakes !, 
  ] ( http://c7.quickcachr.fotos.sapo.pt/i/of416620f/16851097_rkwbq.jpeg ), 
  i like how you guys go for the father instead of the mother . 
  if we 're talking generic curse words , then ` caralho ' and ` foda-se ' are the more commonly used ( one means ` cock ' and the other means ` fuck ! ' ) . 
  if we 're talking about curses directed * at someone * , i think the most common is just telling someone to go fuck himself or to go to the ` caralho ' . 
  other times we say stuff like ` go to the whore that birthed you ' . 
  the weight thing is because we call it an ` arroba ' , which was an old unit of weight that used that symbol . 
  that 's interesting , we sometimes call an ' & ' a `` commercial e '' . 
  because while this sub deals mostly with matters concerning europe , people from all over the world are allowed to participate in the discussions because we 're not fucking douchebags . 
  the origin and meaning of the us flag is interesting no matter where you 're from . 
  if you have a problem with this , talk to the mods and tell them to remove the flairs from other countries . 
  they are also the colors of the union jack ( the blue is a bit lighter though ) so maybe that also had something to with it , considering they were a british colony . 
   also this is also another misconception . 
  the five blue shields ( `` as quinas '' ) are inspired in the five wounds of christ , but the white dots are n't . 
  in the fist centuries the shield had much more than 5 dots ( bezants ) inside each escutcheon and varied through the history . 
  the current set of 5 dots were set by king john ii and remained ever since . 
  the five shields are said to represent the 5 kings that afonso defeated but that is also most likely post-fact propaganda . 
  there 's an interesting theory that says that the bezants were simply nails in afonso 's shield holding the crossed blue straps together . 
  over time the shield was damaged in combat or by simple wear and tear and the only parts of the cross that remained were the ones held together by the nails . 
  when sancho inherited the shield he decided to adopt this simbol . 
  another popular meaning for the bezants is the ability to issue currency , which is an important part of a newly formed kingdom . 
  another interesting thing that a lot of people do n't know is that the armillary sphere was included in the flag because it was the coat of arms of the kingdom of brazil and so both coats-of-arms were combined during the time that portugal and brazil were a united kingdom . 
  just ignore him , this kind of stuff is interesting no matter the continent . 
  the red and green were the colors of the republican party . 
  they 're usually said to represent the blood spilled fighting for freedom/the kingdom and the hope for a better future respectively . 
  the shield in the center has quite a bit of history and is much older than the background colors . 
  the 5 shields represent the 5 kings that our founder , afonso i , defeated at the battle of ourique . 
  the white dots in the shields represent the 30 coins paid to judas in some explanations and the right to issue currency ( a big deal as a newly ascended kingdom ) in other explanations . 
  one interesting theory is that they were simply nails used to hold the leather in [ afonso 's shield ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_portugal#/media/file:portugueseflag1143.svg ) and as the shield was damaged in battle or over time only the leather parts held by the nails remained , being adopted by his son as the 5 shields . 
  the castles are usually said to represent the fortresses taken by afonso iii in the conquest of the algarve but most likely stem from family connections to the kingdom of castille , since their coat of arms is similar . 
  finally , the armillary sphere represents the age of discovery and the achievements of portuguese explorers during that time and was originally introduced into the flag because it was the coat of arms of the kingdom of brazil during the time that brazil and portugal were a union . 
  well , not quite my city but close . 
  there is a legend as to the destruction of the castle of gaia , and how the city came to be called gaia ( this is probably wrong but , hey , it 's just a legend ) . 
  so there was a king of the asturias called ramiro , and he had beautiful wife called gaia . 
  at the time a muslim king ruled over the area on the mouth of the river douro . 
  during a diplomatic trip to the castle of ramiro this king met gaia and they quickly fell in love . 
  gaia decided to run away to live with the moorish king while her husband was away hunting , or at war . 
  when ramiro returned and did n't find his wife he got really angry and assumed that the moor had captured and stolen his wife . 
  he decided to gather a group of vassals as well as his son and departed by ship the the moor 's castle . 
  once he got there he camouflaged the ships and told his men that he would go alone to the castle , and to wait for his signal , blowing a hunting horn , to attack the castle . 
  ramiro went to a fountain by the castle and waited for one of the queen 's servants to come . 
  then he approached her , disguised as a beggar and asked her for a bit of water from her urn . 
  the servant gave him some water and while he was drinking the king managed to slip a piece of a ring which he had once split with the queen , who had the other half . 
  when the queen was pouring the water from the urn the ring fell into her hands , surprised , she asked her servant who she had met at the fountain , and asked for him to be brought to her . 
  once the beggar had been brought to the queen she asked him what had brought him there . 
  ramiro told her it was his love for her , and she immediately recognized his voice . 
  she told him to hide in her chambers and she would bring him the moorish king . 
  when the moor arrived , she asked him what he would do to ramiro if he had him . 
  the moor responded that he would do the same that ramiro would do to him , kill him . 
  the queen then sent her servants to bring ramiro to her and delivered him to the moor . 
  ramiro was dumbfounded by his wife 's betrayal . 
  the moor , having known ramiro for a long time then asked him how he would kill him he had captured him . 
  ramiro , thinking on his feet told him that he would feed him a nice last meal , open the castle 's gates and call all the people from his lands to watch the execution , and let him play a song before he was killed . 
  the moor decided that that 's how he would die then . 
  on the next day the gates were opened and ramiro was sent to the top of the walls to be executed . 
  from there he sent the signal using his hunting horn and his men quickly stormed the castle through the open gates and burned it to ground killing the defenders . 
  ramiro then brought his wife to the ships and seeing her cry asked her why . 
  she told him that she was crying because he had killed the man she loved and ramiro feeling betrayed tied a rock to gaia 's neck and threw her overboard giving the name to that land ( or so the legend says , it probably has a celtic origin ) . 
  so yeah , legends regarding the reconquista are usually pretty hardcore . 
  yes , they 're [ pretty ] ( http://www.empregopelomundo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/ponte25abril.jpg ) [ similar ] ( http://www.allvietnam.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/cau-cong-vang-my1.jpg ) . 
  we also like copying [ other ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/02/32/75/d2/cristo-rei.jpg ) [ landmarks ] ( http://www.loucoporviagens.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/cristo.jpg ) . 
  btw , it 's the `` 25th of april bridge '' . 
  we actually had around 100 000 total men mobilized during ww1 and our population was relatively small ( 6 million people ) . 
  in terms of casualties wikipedia puts us at 1.5 % of the population ( counting civilian deaths due to war-time shortages ) which is comparable to countries like belgium , new zealand and australia . 
  did n't know about us winning anything in madagascar , i only remember learning about how ww1 was basically a big disaster for us since we were n't ready to go into such a conflict so shortly after a regime change . 
  we see it much the same way as the us and other western countries but i think there 's a bit more emphasis on the ussr 's role in the war as well as the us and uk . 
  we also often criticize ourselves for our role as a neutral party . 
  a lot of people feel like we should 've entered the war on the side of the allies instead of trying to play and profit from both sides ( a lot of people do n't like how a big part of our gold treasury is from selling stuff to the nazis ) . 
  apart from the obvious moral reasons for this there 's also the us help in the post war period that we did n't get because we were n't involved . 
  a significant part of what 's taught in schools about ww2 is about how lisbon was a kind of a safe neutral space for both sides where you could find lots of spies , diplomats from the us and germany sharing the table , minorities fleeing the nazis towards the us and ships supplying both sides with materials to feed the war . 
  this is contrasted with ww1 where we did participate , lost a lot of people and did n't get anything out of it , which largely contributed to us staying out of the second . 
  hey !, 
  no stealing our cultural traits spain !, 
  thinking our own country is a corrupted shithole and everywhere else is a first world utopia is the portuguese way of life !, 
  agreed . 
  people keep insisting on giving out loans to the greeks when their debt is simply unsustainable . 
  they will never be able to pay it like this . 
  it 's useless and instead of trying to find alternate solutions everyone is just trying the same damn thing hoping it changes something . 
  the worst are the people supporting puposefully causing suffering to the greeks as some kind of * example * to other nations . 
  great union we have going on here . 
  when we 're talking about * purposefully * causing suffering to the greeks for the eu to keep existing you know that this * union * is nothing of the sort . 
  these last few months are making me seriously question the validity and feasibility of the eu project . 
  no , you see , the evil greeks * elected * the corrupt governments , now they need to pay for their crimes . 
  we need to make an example out of them and put them down . 
  that 'll for sure prevent similar situations from happening elsewhere ever again . 
  trust me ... 
  got it , we can only learn from history when the context is exactly the same . 
  back to trusting russia now that i realized that putin has some differences compared to previous dictators . 
  thanks !, 
  the ` living beyond your means ' shtick again ' ? 
  ffs . 
  yeah , let 's go with the ` greeks are just stupid ' argument . 
  someone is salty today !, 
  well he 's definitely not german . 
   what was highly illegal ? 
  i guess living under that rock must be nice . 
  [ start here ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/us-court-rules-nsa-mass-phone-data-collection-revealed-by-edward-snowden-was-illegal-1500197 ) and then just search for a bit , i mean it 's not hard to find information on this stuff . 
   i knew well before 2013 that intelligence agencies could spy on me if they wanted to . 
  snowden basically said that water is wet and also stole a bunch of stuff completely unrelated to mass surveillance .
