there is a legend in portugal that our king d. sebasti\u00e3o , that disappeared in battle in north africa during a failed expedition ( leaving no heirs , leading to the iberian union with spain ) , did n't actually die and will return in a foggy morning when the country most needs it to restore it to it 's former glory . 
  this initially happened because we wanted him to return to rid us from habsburg rule but eventually evolved into a longing for the past times in the age of discovery when the country was greatest . 
  there 's another legend as to the destruction of the castle of gaia , and how the city came to be called gaia ( this is probably wrong but , hey , it 's just a legend ) . 
  so there was a king of the asturias called ramiro , and he had beautiful wife called gaia . 
  at the time a muslim king ruled over the area on the mouth of the river douro . 
  during a diplomatic trip to the castle of ramiro this king met gaia and they quickly fell in love . 
  gaia decided to run away to live with the moorish king while her husband was away hunting , or at war . 
  when ramiro returned and did n't find his wife he got really angry and assumed that the moor had captured and stolen his wife . 
  he decided to gather a group of vassals as well as his son and departed by ship the the moor 's castle . 
  once he got there he camouflaged the ships and told his men that he would go alone to the castle , and to wait for his signal , blowing a hunting horn , to attack the castle . 
  ramiro went to a fountain by the castle and waited for one of the queen 's servants to come . 
  then he approached her , disguised as a beggar and asked her for a bit of water from her urn . 
  the servant gave him some water and while he was drinking the king managed to slip a piece of a ring which he had once split with the queen , who had the other half . 
  when the queen was pouring the water from the urn the ring fell into her hands , surprised , she asked her servant who she had met at the fountain , and asked for him to be brought to her . 
  once the beggar had been brought to the queen she asked him what had brought him there . 
  ramiro told her it was his love for her , and she immediately recognized his voice . 
  she told him to hide in her chambers and she would bring him the moorish king . 
  when the moor arrived , she asked him what he would do to ramiro if he had him . 
  the moor responded that he would do the same that ramiro would do to him , kill him . 
  the queen then sent her servants to bring ramiro to her and delivered him to the moor . 
  ramiro was dumbfounded by his wife 's betrayal . 
  the moor , having known ramiro for a long time then asked him how he would kill him he had captured him . 
  ramiro , thinking on his feet told him that he would feed him a nice last meal , open the castle 's gates and call all the people from his lands to watch the execution , and let him play a song before he was killed . 
  the moor decided that that 's how he would die then . 
  on the next day the gates were opened and ramiro was sent to the top of the walls to be executed . 
  from there he sent the signal using his hunting horn and his men quickly stormed the castle through the open gates and burned it to ground killing the defenders . 
  ramiro then brought his wife to the ships and seeing her cry asked her why . 
  she told him that she was crying because he had killed the man she loved and ramiro feeling betrayed tied a rock to gaia 's neck and threw her overboard giving the name to that land ( or so the legend says , it probably has a celtic origin ) . 
  so yeah , legends regarding the reconquista are usually pretty hardcore . 
  there were a lot of things that contributed to ww2 happening . 
  one of those was the massive penalties given to germany after ww1 , another one was the inefficiency of the league of nations as a platform for dialogue between countries , since important nations were leaving when they disagreed . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than fighting smaller wars instead of a large war . 
   edit : i know they are influential , they just keep blocking everything from the eu . 
  what 's the hole point of the un then the point is being a platform for dialogue between countries to prevent massive wars . 
  when you kick out countries because you do n't agree with them that defeats the purpose of having dialogue . 
  then you just have the league of nations , which did n't work so well to promote peace , considering germany , japan and other important countries left the union when they disagreed with other countries , eventually causing ww2 . 
  its main goal is to prevent ww3 . 
  i remember when merkel visited putin and putin brought his labrador knowing that merkel has a fear of dogs . 
  germany was also not good economically when hitler rose to power . 
  and nukes give you tremendous influence . 
  you ca n't have an efficient un when the country that poses the most threat to world peace together with the us is not on it ... 
  to prevent ww3 . 
  read up on the league of nations , the predecessor to the un , created to prevent ww2 . 
  the un was created to prevent ww3 using what we learned from the failures of the lon . 
  one of the things we learned was that you ca n't have a platform for dialogue when important countries are leaving when they disagree with eachother . 
  that 's why important countries get veto power . 
  so far it has worked since no country has left and no ww3 has happened . 
  germany also had a shit military after ww1 . 
  if a government of a country with the resources of russia wants it , it can quickly grow it 's military . 
  that 's not to mention the hundreds of nukes russia has , and the ability to deliver them anywhere in the world . 
  because it 's one of the most influential countries in the world . 
  the un has so far succeeded in its main goal , so i would n't say it 's worthless . 
  because we tried a un without veto rights before and it failed miserably , since countries would just leave the organization when it went against their wishes . 
  eventually you have a union without any legitimacy since the countries with the power to do stuff have left . 
  then read up on the league of nations pre-ww2 , why it failed since large countries started to leave when the league went against their wishes and how the un was implemented to succeed the lon and prevent a third world war . 
  whataboutism ? 
  it 's relevant to prevent ww3 . 
  better yet , see the league of nations , the predecessor to the un . 
  without veto powers the un is just the league of nations and you can see how that did n't turn out well . 
  the un 's main purpose is to prevent ww3 , that 's why the nations with the most destructive power get vetos . 
  otherwise countries would leave the un one by one when it did n't suit their objectives , until the un had absolutely no authority . 
  never seen or held one not being used by police or army before . 
  i know the parent of an hold friend of mine used to own some shotguns for hunting i think . 
  it 's easier for me to list the countries i would mind : * kosovo , serbia , bosnia and other such countries affected by a recent war and ethnic tendions . 
  * armenia , azerbaijan , turkey since i think it 'd be a major culture shock and i do n't like the turkish government . 
  * belarus because dictatorship * russia because recent ant western sentiments and high crime statistics * greece because they have similar climate to where i live but are even worse in terms of economy and jobs . 
  * iceland because it 's a bit too isolated for my taste and i do n't think i 'd enjoy the food . 
  i think the closest words in portuguese would be either ` mitra ' or ` guna ' . 
  they 're generally used to refer to thugish urban youths that walk around skipping school and listening to hip-hop . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised with the amas we 're having . 
  i think we actually have one of the best anthems around , up there with the french , russian and american anthems which i also like . 
  it 's fun how the lyrics were originally thought up as a call to arms against the british . 
  i 'm also going to wien at the end of this month for a semester . 
  i hope to try some sachertorte . 
  i 'm going to call you guys south germans to see how upset i can make you when i go to study there this october . 
  the same religion that the continent does ? 
  europe is walking towards atheism if anything . 
  * not * christianism . 
  i 've just now noticed that someone actually gilded him ... 
  in what way does that link support your claim ? 
  it says that the russian army is undergoing restructuration and asking for more funds to replace cold war equipment . 
  how does that imply anything about the quality of individual soldiers ? 
  how does it imply anything about the quality of aircraft pilots , helicopter pilots and tank commanders ? 
  oh , you again . 
  nice to see you have n't changed at all ever since you said you 'd hang every communist from a different tree . 
  this guy is well known in / r/portugal . 
  he used to constantly spew racist shit every post . 
  he was finally banned when he said he 'd hang every communist . 
  why would you feel pride in you ` race ' . 
  if you look at it in any sort of objective way , there 's no reason to feel pride on something as ambiguous as a ` race ' . 
   full-on war lasting a decade i think this is the point being contested . 
  the insurgency that the us was fighting was far less equipped and largely relied on ieds and small mortar bombardments . 
  a far cry from `` full-on '' war . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  i 'd say there were some nations that could be considered superpowers before the us an ussr . 
  xviii century uk and the roman empire for example . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  yeah , but i 'd expect there to be some crossover between the users of those 2 . 
  yeah , i was surprised when i noticed / r/portugal had more subscribers than / r/es . 
  i 'd say it 's also a portuguese thing .
