i got ta say , i hate london , but most toxic town on the planet ? 
  that 's plain just fucking stupid . 
  the sun is brown in most chinese cities . 
  i 'd have to see how it was to be done first . 
  modern egalitarian democracy ? 
  hells yeah . 
  unfortunately that 's not where our only reference point takes us so even though it 's illogical the words `` africaner state '' are kinda minging feeling . 
  but if it was to be done the right way then why the fuck not , i 'm from scotland so who the hell am i to tell you no . 
  i 'd say having a set phrase for chuckling behind your beard is still pretty cool . 
  i am totally using that at some point . 
  well it 's nice of him to take an interest but i honestly do n't see how this affects things , i mean i do n't know a single person who will vote differently based on what obama says . 
  go for it i 'd take him over ashton any day . 
  yeah it 's gorgeous go like early december and the christmas lights and market are all up in edinburgh it rocks, 
  the highlands and edinburgh are both worth a wee explore . 
  glasgow is also worth a wee day of looking around . 
  then again the highlands are wild in winter so you may wish to do that early on . 
  we always need more places to export those chav families who just want to live somewhere hot, 
  a hypothetical one . 
  as i say i 'm not even saying that it will happen just that we should never dismiss the possibility that something unexpected might change the situation . 
  actually i understand that the situation is quite different mate because i have a more than passing understanding of history . 
  my point was though that an outside player can always change the game . 
  if it was just the west matching wits with putin and russia then yeah nothing happens . 
  if an outside influence changes the situation then none of us really know what can happen . 
  to be fair mate no serious person contemplated war in 1914 either until austrian royalty got assassinated . 
  the only thing i know is that my parents brought back some bulgarian wine and it was really good . 
  apart from that nothing . 
  i should really visit . 
  naw it 's never been a problem between mates here . 
  yeah i have to say that i vote greens often but i see nothing wrong with nuclear power , i like renewables but you got ta have the mix . 
  i think the scottish party are slightly better than average but that could be because of the complete fuckups that the three main parties are . 
  even the snp are better and that 'd mean voting for salmond * shudders *, 
  mate just ignore him he 's just a troll and not a very bright one at that . 
  i do n't really want to have to but then again fuck it . 
  a nice big rammy would n't be the end of the world figuratively speaking so yeah , if russia comes eesti i 'll fight . 
  yeah but it wo n't happen on as large a scale . 
  as i say i have barely an opinion . 
  i just think it 'd be a silly thing to throw away . 
  yeah but the easier it is for anyone to go there the easier it is to change the people 's minds about different issues and the like . 
  allows actual contact with cultures and all that . 
  i suppose . 
  personally i 'd rather be in the eu but it 's more from a cultural point of view than anything else . 
  most of the northern countries do social policies way better than us . 
  then again considering i 'm moving to new zealand in 2 years i 'm not even sure i should get an opinion i suppose . 
  perhaps mate but the point is that since a lot of foreign companies are in britain precisely to get access to the eu when we leave so will they . 
  so my question is when those companies leave what exactly would a free trade agreement give the eu ? 
  yeah but we are n't a gas giant . 
  i think the eu could withstand being cut off from whiskey , calling and gta . 
  yeah maybe . 
  from my conversations with some german friends they admired a lot of what america is its more just what america does . 
  none o my friends like what russia has done they just think it 's a bit hypocritical for the usa , britain , france , germany etc to complain really . 
  i can see where they are coming from but being scottish not to mention british if the surrender monkeys are on board to lend us an aircraft carrier we usually like a wee war . 
  gives us a reason not to shoot each other . 
  i 'm not sure we 've ever hated americans per se . 
  or at least most i know have n't . 
  we do hate your religious bigots and those really obnoxious touristy types who pronounce things wrong then argue when you correct them . 
  them we hate . 
  we do like some things though , san francisco for one . 
  scotland 's flag becoming the russian navy ensign . 
  i mean we share st andrew and a lot of drinking ( ok a shit ton of drinking ) but still it 's ours reversed, 
  aaaaahhhh bollocks i forgot it was april fools day in my hope that europe decided to do any federalising at all . 
  holy fuck that 's awesome , apart from the corporate sponsorship thing , that strikes me as slightly dumb from a camouflage perspective . 
  hahaha awesome, 
  spainermany ? 
  or should it be gerain ? 
  ukip supporters are usually the same sort of people who become tea party members in america - anti gay , quite christian , economically conservative . 
  there 's a reason they have no presence in scotland, 
  i just sprayed tea all over my monitor through my nose after reading that , despite the rather odd smell thatl be struck for days i salute you sir !, 
  well that article was a waste of time . 
  aye i think so i think in terms of defence we should have an integrated european military and an integrated defends budget with at least 5 per cent coming from each member state that way after a short while next time russia tries this sort of absurdity we 'll be ready . 
  and let us provide the tea , bravado and huzzahs !, 
  as well as our military of course . 
  wrong mate i think you 'll find belarus and china will . 
  i 'm not so sure , the poles probably wo n't suffer russian troops that close since they already have kaliningrad to worry about and if they go in o reckon so will we and probably france as well . 
  we 've got quite a few poles here now , so do you guys i imagine , and i reckon we might just have to go defend their countrymen . 
  plus i reckon the baltics and oor nordic cousins might start getting a wee bit edgy as well . 
  but i think your analysis is pretty good about russia 's intentions mate you 've posted a few things i had n't thought about . 
  as far as i remember it th russians are transferring the majority of their military resources to the pacific side how far advanced that is i do n't know but with their aggressive and relatively mobile army if the poles get stuck in and the scandinavians and baltic states start mobilising i reckon russia might think twice . 
  got ta love izzard !, 
  yeah they 're no harm , i was merely saying that it 's probably the closest you 'll find to a creationist community here , down in the central belt we generally see creationism as a joke at best . 
  there 's some folk in the western isles who are pretty christian and i do n't think even they 're creationists , not proper literal bible ones anyway . 
  but apart from that they 're pretty thin on the ground in scotland . 
  really ? 
  because living in scotland i see precious little of londons money benefiting me . 
  bet you a tenner ( # 10 ) that britain gets more unequal the more we grow in gdp, 
  god i hate the daily mail . 
  the most nazi newspaper around over here, 
  except common law . 
  most people believe britain all uses one law . 
  hence the distinction, 
  well scots law has its basis in roman law . 
  i dont mind it really . 
  the idea of joining a giant european superstate isnt scary to me . 
  if anything itd be kinda cool to be able to call a spaniard or dane or croat brother in nation as well as our common humanity . 
  jessie j. charlotte church . 
  nichola benedetti is a wee bit racy but the violin playing is pretty fantastic i have to say . 
  indeed sir there is much to what you say . 
  but we are still brother and sister cultures to the french whom we fought and the scandinavians . 
  none of that changes the fact that england is losing its faith in social welfare , losing its faith on an open immigration policy , it doesnt have any faith in our own free universal education . 
  these are all things our european brothers believe in keeping and protecting . 
  the fact that we are brother cultures does not negate the fact that the europeans are closer to us in most political and social ways than england is to a certain extent , and certainly more than it is becoming .
