   croatian , serbian , bosnian , montenegrin , slovenian is n't that like serbo-croatian ? 
  but what about resistance to the western part ? ... 
  who am i kidding , right ? 
  hey let 's go play pokemon go . . 
   djohar dudaev cursed boris yeltsin for making him have to kill those ill prepared kids sent to their death . 
  it kinda is sad , being in a bad position , you want to defend your people , but do n't want to kill the kids either . 
  even tho they be 18 + and count as adults , for an elder person those are kids in their eyes . 
  it 's sad . 
  how do you pronounce comar ? 
  around 330 a.d. 
  i think . 
  could be later . 
  but i think that was the time constantine shifted the power from rome to nova roma and also changed the name to constantinople ( konstantinoupolis ) ... you get it right , after him . 
  if you think that too many greeks are named kostas/konstantinos , it 's because of that constantine the great . 
  nice wrote, 
  it would still be called romania or roman empire, 
  making the game more challenging in medieval 2 total war, 
  i always pronounced it `` zajt '' :( til thanks for explaining, 
  same here , except i understand loanwords :p, 
  actually no . . you take it for granted when you live/lived so close . 
  i used to live like 5 minutes walk from his home and garden , in uppsala, 
  but `` culture stronk '', 
  yup , i can read mostly the cyrillic alphabet , struggle at letters that do n't exist in the greek or latin one . 
  like this one \u0446 , i can imagine that it 's something like sh , ch or similar . 
  yeah i was a fan also , lolek and bolek , and reksio the terapeut , good ol' times, 
  penetration at its best i guess, 
  there probably exists babies who hate other babies, 
  oh , alright !, 
  oh , i suck att spelling anyways , we have five different i , two o etc, 
  it also means tall, 
  yup , my grandpa used to say it all the time, 
  i tell that when i meet italians, 
  as is . . 
  everybody hate the british tourists ... guys let 's be honest . 
  not all but the majority of the teenagers < 25, 
  all hail !, 
  yup , romanian girls do look good , 
  lol . . bush ? 
  i 'm greek and girls do shave themselves . 
  either you were unlucky, 
  yeah, 
  wow, 
  i feel like he 'll try to avoid these questions . . 
  have to set up the greek flag in your balcony for the whole day right ? 
  thanks !, 
  what is the reason behind this pilgrimage ? 
  well you become it . . 
   no , of course not . 
  but i very well understand why weed is illegal - because the lazyness and careless it brings might damage your development ( education and career ) i 'm in it and climbing the ladder quiet well . 
  i 've been taking different drugs . 
  not addicted to them . 
   of course you can have a spliff every now and then , but not too much but hey same can be said to alcohol . 
  as long as you can control yourself , and not get addicted . 
  then i do n't see the problem . 
  but there 's people who can not control themselves and thus ruin the view on things . . and of course there 's drugs who are dangerous whether or not you can control yourself , because some can be used just once to affect/destroy you, 
  beautiful edit : ... 
  aah yes , noone can predict the future man , 
   shit is history for a reason guys how do i interpret this ? 
  history is the shit ? 
  history is shit ? 
  uk is the reason saudi arabia exists in the first place . . ww1 anyone ? 
  yeah thats how i was thinking it :p, 
  upvote for simpsons, 
  lol , would be a cool anime or serial . 
  like alternate universe, 
  nice . 
  i can imagine it was really nice, 
  question : have you smoked a blunt and watched the aurora borealis ? 
  does weed even exist in iceland ? 
  i guess the priests/monks had to defend themselves somehow, 
  alright thanks . 
  my idea of the word `` zenci '' was like the word `` negro '' . 
  because turkish-speakers used it that way . 
  but i get your point , thanks . 
  i will tell them next time , 
   and then the debris kills the enemies . 
  pandora gave ** hope ** to man, 
  but then again , every turk-speaking friend i have they say zenci as a pejorative to blacks . 
   `` zenci '' is not meant to be pejorative in turkish what is it then ? 
  why does the word exist ? 
  you have the word kara for black . 
  but then again , i do n't speak turkish . . 
  here we go again ... let the blame game [ begin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cphnpqkpkc4 ), 
  i rather return to constantinople ... but hey . 
  or smyrna or trapezus, 
  usually kyriaki means lords day . 
  but doesnt have to be taken from latin . 
  but the concept is similar as latin , such as latin is similar of greek . 
  or poppy , i 've heard it a couple of times, 
  same as greek , people who do n't speak greek are barbarians, 
  here m8 http://gazettereview.com/2016/06/top-10-fattest-countries-in-world/, 
  they already catched up, 
  best rapper, 
  how the hell did that happen ? 
  like exposing other terrorists in his circle ? 
  smart move, 
  they lived in turkey also , galatia, 
  you 're balkan wether you like or not , 
  yeah sweden . 
  i live here and i 'd call the country socially awkward,
