  til ^ ^ / s, 
  even the fishes are exited for christmas !, 
  could be could be , fyi i do n't neglect the question that if albanians originate from illyrians . 
  i just find it funny . 
  and it can also be that albanians and illyrians used to live side by side ( thus albanians borrowing words from illyrians ) , and later on the illyrians assimilated with the slavs and the albanians did n't . 
   illirians ( present day italians ) the albanians beg to differ . 
  but even they do n't know where they come from :p, 
  y-y-you too, 
  there is also kapnofito/kapnofiton , neighbouring village to `` ironcastle '' ( sidirokastron ) which literally translates to smokeweed . 
  also metaliko close to kilkis , where all the bambushkas goes metal, 
  few , at least they did n't explode . . this time, 
  was very surprised , in a good way, 
  aw shucks, 
  well they mean greek-speaking cypriots . 
  just distinguishing , chillax . 
  have a snickers or something, 
  it 's still a way to remove freedom from you . 
  what happens if the day comes when the systems fail and the government falls ? 
  ( do n't take it seriously , but what if ) i swear to you that the foreigners or those who do n't rely on the system will be more ready and the swede who relied to much on the system will be like the headless chicken . . 
  but at least you are part of our legend , whether its money or war , greeks have been through those things many before and still survived . 
  live up to your philotimo friend and you 'll enjoy life . 
  welcome !, 
  aah yes tell me more of that dirty talk , you dirty whore * greeking intensifies *, 
  around the balkans except albania , bulgaria and greece . 
  right ? 
  you already tried the ottomans , might as well go for the byzantine one and ally poland and hungary this time . 
  and there 's still sausage party in the it-industry, 
   why the hell people name their dynasty as `` fat '' lol because head of states gets always the good stuff and eats most of it . 
  probably that 's why ? 
  :p that 's why the osmans had such big turbans , to redirect the focus from that beer belly !, 
  those damn barbarians did n't even barbarianing good, 
  could be could be kyrie eleison = lord merciful ( ? ), 
  the emperor has spoken . . 
  no no , it sounds something a greek patriot would say . 
  almost everything was filmed in new zeeland , with added cgi on, 
  did he also compare moria to the actual moria from the last days before the empires fall ? 
  azeris taking land from native armenian land . 
  how about that ? 
  ke is probably a short version of `` kyrie '' ( kyrie ) = sir/god . 
  why you say that ? 
  c was used more as a modern s. everything else is as / u/dimitris363 said . 
  actually this is as greek as it can get . 
   this conflict was them taking land from azerbaijan mfw azeris/turks originate from central asia . . 
  75 % thracian here , but the rest of it is pontian . 
  it is !, 
  [ cyprus ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vw5w7qk.png ) resembles the [ overwatch one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/55/overwatch_circle_logo.svg/500px-overwatch_circle_logo.svg.png ) and the greek looks like some kind of neo-byzantine flag, 
  that 's nice !, 
  saying that they 're all exactly the same , it kills them inbetween, 
  wow , thought it was some government owned company, 
  ah yes and the greeks . 
  seems to be something that kills hahah, 
  what 's * promaja * ? 
  turkey could just promote it , and put signs . 
  but utterly banning ? 
  entering the dungeon and getting ready to fight the underground gnomes !, 
  the drunk calls drunks drunks, 
  of course , do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm aware and support the rules . 
  rules were set up to have minimal loss on human life etc , in the game of war . 
  alright , you 're right . 
  anyways , every country violates these rules , some do it less some more . 
  exactly , talk about being out of touch of humanity, 
  insulting me wo n't work . 
  anyhow how do you mean states between 100 % and 0 % ? 
  war is chaos . 
  makes rules hard to follow . 
  sure it would be beautiful if everyone followed them . 
  but if you exit that little comfy bubble of yours , you 'll understand that it ca n't be followed up to 100 % and thus are almost always violated . 
  this breeds more terrorists , of course it must be stopped, 
  i agree , but these usually come in package , they go hand in hand, 
  sure but that 's not what the serbs see . 
  they see it traitorous since bosnians did convert and slaughtered serbians ( doing the dirty work of the turks , when the turkish militia were n't present ) with the assistance of turks , when serbians did n't convert during war or didnt help enough with manpower on the frontlines . 
  usually those events are more isolated , since communication was less developed back then . 
  but visit old churches , some have written it down . 
  but hey it 's still complicated cases , because these events seem to almost lead to `` eye for an eye '' situations ( almost ) . 
  i completely agree , i do n't say there should n't be laws . 
  read the rest of my comments . 
  but just think of it , war equals chaos , with chaos come unpredictable things , do n't think that participants of war will always follow these rules who a couple of people set up . 
  that 's not how humans work in the circumstances of war . 
  not always . . 
  war is intent to destroy your enemies power and getting something out of it , that through genocide or other means of doing it . 
  it 's still under the label of war , because i have n't heard of a genocide without a ** war ** being fought . 
  let 's say that there never was a peaceful genocide . 
  exactly , in its sense war should have rules . 
  but in chaotic environment it can be hard to follow these rules . 
  greece did that in revenge as you know why . 
  anyways it 's not the right way to go . 
  that 's your perspective . 
  in reality war has no rules and is the most chaotic that can happen and be produced by mankind . 
  taking another mans life because of war is always human race in its lowest form . 
  in reality war has no rules , rules were later added by the elite do make it less devastating with shorter after effects, 
  who knew , it was just next door !, 
  war is fucked up . 
  fucked up people get to do what they want to do, 
  niiice , i also think a couple stayed through changing their nationality, 
  was n't most of the greek community ousted out ? 
  leaving a couple of thousands left , which eventually left for greece ? 
  france would still be the surrender monkeys of europe . . / s, 
  of course , this watching out to not be embarassed ( spell ? ), 
  is causing which i see as an anomality .
