  do estonians understand finnish ? 
   that austrian fellow who visited germany ftfy, 
  that 's true , i was thinking like / u/naurgul . 
  but you 're correct !, 
  then let us be animals if tou think that way . 
  you guys can go defend that, 
  because of tourists . 
  many from scandinavia go there and many have been there, 
  dont forget agent orange , which i think is even worse that the goverment tried to keep it a secret, 
  name contains swedish origin , checks out . 
  wow , you just had to come here and k.o. 
  everybody huh ? 
  you got him good, 
  of course not , i do n't think that germans want any russian presence close to them to be honest neither does poles, 
  yeah . . that shit aint gon na hold . . 
  living ( born n raised ) in sweden , it seems that their immigration policy will backfire anytime soon , thinking about a couple of years in the future, 
  this , they 're outa control . 
  all of this world needs a birth control, 
  like roman empire !, 
  every greek finds it interesting every single one of them ... jk, 
  holy . . 
  i read wrong :p, 
  i believe you , i havent lived in athens , its pretty international compared to kilkis where a big part of my family comes from  sure there are other nationalities there but not as much, 
  well im international too personally , im born n raised in sweden and my friends come from across the world . 
  but still for greece its a bit different that westerners stay to live in greece except for vacation or studies . 
  but this can be because my roots are from a small town with immigrants coming mainly from eastern europe, 
  i met him at a small village in serres . 
  a place where farmers lived . 
  a kinda odd place to find an australian there , just saying . 
  not that i was against it, 
  186 greek , by greek standards im tall . 
  i think we 're kinda short if you compare to the rest of europe, 
  i 've once met an australian with orange hair and freckles , who could speak fluent greek . 
  thought it was a bit odd . 
  but he loved greece so much he wanted to learn the language, 
  no and i never did actually . 
  it maybe sounded like it when i first wrote . 
  i just wanted to point out what benefits you can have with immigration . 
  it seems i forgot to point out that i do n't support immigration in this scale sweden does it right now . 
  sure there was a time sweden needed manpower 60s/70s ( when my family moved from greece to sweden ) . 
  but we do n't need that as much now . 
  there might come a time where we need it again , but now right now . 
  no it would not be sweden , i agree with you !, 
  i do n't know , does greek count as exotic ? 
  cause i get job applications now and then . 
  but that can be because i study/studied computer science , which has many job opportunities in the industry, 
  yeah , cool answer . 
  give as much as you want and people can make a fool of ya . 
  something like that edit : i wasnt saying that in person , i meant that for sweden , i was in / u/intelligentnichname : s side for which i mean i agree with him . 
  thanks for the downvotes, 
  immigration can be very good for us in sweden . 
  those who are hungry for work ( those who 're born here ) tend to get more higher-up jobs ( those who are smart enough and study / through connections ) because we know the language , and know how the job-system works here around . 
  while immigrants/refugees get the low-end jobs and from that point has the option of working itself up through hard dedication . 
  the system rewards you in the end . 
  edit : welp , i guess we bring the wrong kind of immigrants, 
  best information of my livings, 
  poland can into space ? 
  [ oooiii !!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm1d4s1z0wc ), 
  o\u03b9 !!, 
  papa here is right !, 
  1 point goes to portugal , they have a double decker !, 
  still free in sweden , digest that in your mind dude, 
  i was thinking of that too . . we 're kinda the worst, 
  hory shit , didnt know . 
  i born n raised in sweden . 
  so i guess you 're right there, 
  no , the macedonia they talk about is in fyrom . 
  this would never happen in greece, 
  people who believe in iq ... just pleeeease, 
  also you won over mexico !!, 
  i know . 
  but its not like we call it `` greek love '' in greece :p, 
  as a greek i didnt know about the greek love . 
  but i knew all about the anal thing that happent . . because of ancient greeks, 
  i cant find the driver . 
  help ? 
  just w8 . 
  if eu fuck itself up and hurt germany economically . 
  then wermacht !, 
  ( joke ), 
  dont say that or the germans might invade you, 
  esena se vlepo sto polandball , sosta ? 
  nice joke !!, 
  bulgarians and romanians can enjoy greece . 
  with a car they can travel without a problem . 
  seen them before, 
  its npt photoshopped . 
  the king has a fetish of wearing stuff on his head . 
  look it up, 
  you 're probably right there . 
  that 's a good reason, 
  can a reason be that they dont know how ? 
  i mean inexperienced people . 
  they know only how to create articles ( title , content and pictures ), 
  most cms systems can change the url too . 
  wonder if bbcs is outdated, 
  is it psyduck ?? 
  i might be wrong, 
  you 're not wrong on that .
