  they just could have cutted out greece . . 
  i just did it with my nephew ( greek ) . 
  do you count friendly fire ? 
  i know swedish , so everything was understandable for me :d, 
  happy easter , celebrated swedish today . 
  greek next sunday !, 
  what abort the cat ? 
  pupils are n't welcomed in polandball, 
  greece so natioalistic we dont have that word , tupac aliv in salonica, 
  but i like rex terapeuta, 
  would you like to wake up on an island by the sun and not knowing where you are ? 
  with the riches of grapes ? 
  we mediterenians are so dope and social we have a evening 22 o'clock dinner with strangers just for giggles mate, 
   you best czech yourself before you shreck yourself . 
  born and raised in sweden . 
  and i say its bad cause working in restaurant you can really cringe sometimes . 
  but yeah i take it back . 
  i thought it through and it shouldnt apply really . . 
  well i should have said it in a better way, 
  i think that southern europeans still enjoy life more than northern europeans . 
  social life in the north is so much different ( in a bad way ) than in the south, 
  it 's polan, 
  yeah sure , i do n't say otherwise that they could n't , but an invasion of sweden ai n't gon na happen on whatever level you want . 
  it just wo n't . 
  that would be a big threat to germany ( cause they 're like neighbours ) , the russians would know what a mess they would cause . 
  besides it 's an invasion on eu soil, 
  there is no border between russia and sweden . 
  besides that finland and the baltics are in the way . 
  as the title says , only spies can impose threat on sweden , and that 's not even close to make any difference to swedish economy , but only to the 5000 man army they have . 
  it 's just a shitty way for russia to say `` join nato or else we 'll do more of that stuff that scares you '', 
  man sweden sure shits its pants when it comes to russia . 
  reading the swedish newspaper also supports that, 
  wasnt esperanto invented from a polish dude ? 
  need that stamina for raids you know, 
  red theme on flag ? 
  and a overcrowded city ? 
  really ? 
  which president said that ? 
  ssssh is all baguette now, 
  can into void, 
  so they 're back . . send general [ belisarius ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belisarius#against_the_vandals ) !, 
  lok ` tar ogar !, 
  in greek i 've said `` sklavos '' instead of `` doulos '', 
  is that a equivalent to nazi saluting ? 
  truly sad : / i hope the younger generation are more welcoming, 
  from 110 % to 220 % !, 
  yay another glorious victory for putin, 
  polan never removed kebab , polan embraced it, 
  of course not !, 
  come on now , greeks can go visit istanbul when they want , more and more greek people move there in search of job also , 
  you can see ol' constantinople , so yes, 
  h\u00e4h\u00e4h\u00e4 , l\u00e4r er grekiska ist\u00e4llet , men [ svenska ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_3qd5j_luq&amp;t=323 ) funkar bra ocks\u00e5 edit : i think that the guy choked on something triggered the danish . . cause you know danish choke on potatos when they speak, 
  yeah , when talking about antisementism i was thinking more anti arab , and not anti jew . 
  remove remove !!, 
  / u/dickrhino please halp, 
  hellas !, 
  praise the sultan , please dont take my children to military service, 
  that 's nice to hear praise erdogan !, 
  do greeks really hate jews ? 
  i did n't know, 
  gib back pl0x ? 
  hi willie, 
  i see . . thanks for the info , 
  change istanbul to constantinople , and let 's try fix the roman empire 4.0, 
   way ahead of imposters like greece . 
  made me chuckle , 
  but they were sheep-shaggers / s, 
  true , greece has gone through worse , this but a scratch, 
  if you have been to finland , people at least seem dead on the inside ( been on work business there ) . 
  but that 's what bad weather is doing to a country : /, 
  true !, 
  hold your hat cowboy, 
  fontana is also a big brand . . 
  but that 's maybe cyprus ? 
  go to any office , and you 'll see an hour old frappe , where the foam has become solid . . 
  that 's bananas !!, 
  alrighty then, 
  nice name :p / u/flying _ ugly_eagle, 
  do you have lots of bananas ? 
  yeah what about ethiopia ? 
  not touched by europeans except for italians that occupied it for several years . 
  the country is overpopulated and can not sustain itself without aid . . 
  can not blame europeans all the time . 
  by the way , it 's half of the european countries that were involved in colonisation, 
   well we fucked them up . 
  it was never better before , and never better after . 
  also 50-70 years should be enough to build up countries , but these countries have their own sociolpolitical problems etc. 
  which is not necessarily impacted from europeans . . 
   red : derived from the latin pascha ( from hebrew pesach , a jewish holiday ) more like derived from latin ( from greek which in fact came from aramaic which more in fact came from hebrew ) . 
  almost everything in latin comes from greek not the other way around , sure some words etc. 
  yeah , no doubt about that !, 
   the greeks also have some of these crazy ideas : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/megali_idea had * , and it failed . 
  they 're not pushing for it anymore, 
  i like that , but then again you 're on the same boat , 
  * adding flame * i propose monkeydonia, 
  funny thing is , the word idiot derived from greek is still being used to describe someone who 's not specialised in an area . . can another greek back up on this . 
  my greek is rusty ( foreignborn ) . 
  worth it !, 
  like israel ? 
  la biblioteko ??
