  he 's not lithuanian obviously i have my goat everywhere man , how else am i gon na cure my feta-cheese-panic-attacks, 
  thought it was a sleeping italian, 
  athens built a museum with the findings they did when they built their subway, 
  read the greek bible in secrecy, 
  aw yes , was on phone didnt see the flair :p, 
  imagine sweden with mediterranian climate , it would n't be so much of a cold-hearted country would it ? 
  born n raised here ( sweden ) , so i know how it is, 
  i liked the center plaza and alexander-street ( shopping street ? ), 
  is trick , noone went there actually . . 
   sth that i liked about greece is how little police presence was there that 's a part i like about greece , i do n't feel unsafe in that country . 
  it might be poor and dirty , but i have n't experienced criminality in anyway there . . maybe i 'm just lucky i 'm born and raised in sweden , and i have n't felt unsafe in stockholm areas that people say are criminal too . 
  like rynkeby and tiensta . . 
  oh right , it 's czechia now . 
  see 90s kids are the best, 
  sounds reasonable , i think you 're right, 
  one in every 5/6 inhabitants is on welfare ? 
  why do greeks have an unfavorable view of usa ? 
  every greek i know does n't , besides many greeks live in the us or have relatives there or any other english speaking country, 
  sifu , show us your way, 
  translation plz ? 
  this video made me wan na go visit that country and the rest of the baltics, 
  aaaw nuts, 
  whatever you say catholic serbia , 
  this applies in greece too , you can see old women wear them, 
   study : finns among happiest in eu countries sure they 're , suuuuure they 're like the danish were before , who got prescribed most anti-depressants, 
  so is crete and the other islands and places of greece . 
  cyprus just happened to be still a colony of britain ( before independence ), 
  for me cyprus is basically greece , historically and culturally, 
  the information was brought from byzanium . 
  the scholars were east romans who mostly fled to italy, 
  not arabs , and thracians ( just the european part ) , but sure i can imagine hittites to some extend also, 
  because whatever country you 're from sometimes you put up your countrys flag , swedes do it outside of sweden , greeks fo it outside of greece . 
  almost anyone does it, 
  and france is called gaul ( gallia ), 
  greeks still have the greek names for every major city in turkey , before the turks changed the name to something else, 
  but a good turk is a dead turk , right ? 
  really which vult of islam is that then ?? 
  enlighten me , others need to know that too, 
  so what ? 
  it is because terrorism is breeded by that specific religion . . 
  it 's year 2016 , not 1054 either people have to change religion or have a reformation of this specific religion, 
  `` one yes , norwegian is much more awesome than danish '' sounds about right, 
  alright , call the modern crusades !, 
  do n't send it wrong this time !, 
  [ meh ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/tlk63eunzom14f6c2do/giphy.gif ), 
  well for starters , your flag has gold-painting in the last panel ( which many mistake for yellow ) , 
  i wonder where all the gold is also, 
  he surely can gobble gobble, 
  sure put it in your mouth , just remember to light it up before for the extra flavour, 
  nsfw please , you know i have to be professional at my workplace , 
  the less light , the better we work . 
  just like vampires !, 
  just like youtube :d, 
  anyhow , the possibility that the ancestry being greek for turks can be fairly high , since many romans/greek had to convert to survive turkish occupation . 
  [ yunan people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yunan ), 
  get your feta-cheese and learn the true alphabet . 
  then you 're almost setup, 
  it 's like you 're partly nordic . . you know . . right ? 
  why a plane tho ? 
  auguri means cucumber by any chance ? 
  show your whole family the bucket of lithuania, 
  as the guy mentioned , it 's safe . 
  i find it weird that you think like that . 
  but i do n't blame , because media told you otherwise, 
  determination, 
  can i call them turks then ? 
   hehe, 
  but bulgariens are turkic people who became more or less slavic , no ? 
  i dont say they dont , probably they do , surely many other countries do too . 
  but romanians arent slavs anyway, 
  i wonder how programs were built during the soviet union . 
   public class blyat extends cyka ... 
   every slavic country  romanians where are the triggered romanians at ? 
   what if the greeks showed up in egypt and started to ape the venerable pharaoh culture ? 
  sssssssssh , those are only fairy tales, 
  that 's one hell of a question, 
  thanks dogan !, 
  ehm . . slavic roma gypsies, 
  but you 're a balkan country whether you like it or not , 
  true , could be seen that way, 
  how are the pages gon na be reliable when the eu itself is n't . 
  / s check and mate someone !, 
  all the greeks are wrong , instead of ending with `` i '' ( heta ) , it should end in `` a '' ( alpha ) . 
  never heard of russian salad :p, 
  those damn taxevading witches, 
  did n't know :p i was thinking of emperor constantine, 
  constantinople sounds more badass than istanbul . 
  should never been changed , 
  muslims who conquered christian lands during the rise of islam converted churches to mosques . 
  so i guess that it is a reason why mosques look like churches, 
  where do you guys play ? 
  any specific discord channel or subreddit ?? 
  edit : nvm i saw the answer in the comments, 
   helvetia that 's what i like about greek language . 
  and that france is still called gaul, 
  what is this . . a weeaboo meeting for spaniards ? 
  if i remember right , greece has the longest national anthem in the world . 
  so . . what do you know ? 
  share pls, 
  yeah i know , you just lost me before :p alright !,
