  i like the saying `` gamo ton dia mou '' `` fuck my zeus '' ( dias is a synonym to zeus ), 
  come on / u/dolcester tell him ... 
  i want to eat popcorn in excitement, 
  the real bulgarians were turkic people, 
  like your username i guess, 
  dude read up . 
  nothing of importans is there . 
  its like saying egypt wants to change name to persia just because the persians once held that territory, 
  greeks always did good with economics in turkey . . kinda sad how it turned out for them . . 
   high fives random greek guy next mornings news headline `` erdogan begins to rally military for the invasion of greece '', 
  well vietnam put up a good fight and won, 
   they were byzantines and not romans eeeh ... same same, 
  i would say culturally introvert as / u/sanctw mentioned . . 
  but on the bright side , because of that it has created brilliant programmers for such a small country :d, 
  yes this, 
  what 's this about ? 
  * triggered *, 
  my guess is bosnian . 
  what hate ? 
  love ya, 
  born and raised in sweden . 
  sweden has a social autism ... especially the older generation, 
  browsing reddit from swedish national tax agency . . should go back to coding , cya !, 
   greece is back to haunt the eur or is the eur haunting greece ? 
  whats happening here ?? 
  shooo of to sleep with ya, 
  why cant we have a european name , flatfooted water beak nose mammal bird ? 
  and the only one you had , gets interrupted . . :(, 
  this [ octagon ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysg0wz_xmsu ), 
  so russia is eastern rome ? 
  300 what ? 
  spartans ? 
   the entire geography of the mediterranean basin was radically altered by the increase in sea level following the last glacial maximum . 
  failed to read that sentence , now i know why it was possible, 
  ca n't this be that an ancient era ship had an accident and dropped this monolith in the sea ? 
  the closer to the balkans the more damage, 
  greek has also words from the italian language also , and vice versa, 
  tilefono -  telefon sholio -  ekol kanapes -  kanape ergatis -  irgat but yeah we have many similar words, 
  is he the baddies ? 
  sure , as long as you do n't raid our north frontier, 
  look up 1974 turkeys invasion of cyprus . 
  no they 're not . 
  sure there lived turks before that time , but they were turks . 
  ethnic cypriots are a hellenic people aka greeks . 
  not hard to understand there . 
  it 's like the greeks of italy , the grikos . 
   copenhagen , there were danish people everywhere . 
  no swede should go through that . . din stackare, 
  greek paganism all over again, 
  yes . . just kidding , no !, 
  well he has to begin from somewhere, 
  well the greek military keeps track on its countrys borders right ? 
  we are europeans , as fast as these rules gets ignored , that means that the next world war is closing by, 
  greeks have used the first one too many times, 
  drachmatic drama, 
  [ when xbox one came out . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dggvgkf.png ), 
  oh no , not that story . . 
  i always liked lolka i bolka , now i like you, 
  itt : people cant take a joke . . 
  when shit hits the fan, 
  cant they just colonize africa ?? 
  you know . . for the animals sake . 
  keep belgium out, 
  you know . . those tears of yours could power up our hydro powered industry ... 
  if we had one !, 
  we do n't want to kr\u00e4nka someone, 
  found the hungarian, 
  nice !!!, 
  but i was sure that the background was from meteora :p, 
  turkey you mean, 
  wait . . what about meteora in greece ? 
  tyrion was inprisoned in that castle on that rocky place with the crazy queen, 
  yeah when russia annihilated marocco and ivan the terrible discovered america, 
  true true, 
  yup , just kidding  it means `` mission '' in modern greek, 
  simple as that, 
  hey i actually tasted that ice-cream last friday  tasty , but after a while it gets too much . . could be because it was a long time since i tasted salmiak/lakrits ice-cream, 
  never knew french but i can try through the help of what i learned from spanish . . `` because europe is the foundation for the multilanguage-ism !, 
  where there are < < 50 countries < < 230 laguages , 731m persons ... 1 subreddit '', 
  we are trying to solve a mathematic problem . . 
  i downvote that guy !, 
  and then turkey laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed and laughed . . no really , good job on them , 
  2004 was the golden year of greece . 
  won european football , had the olympics , i think we won eurovision too with paparizou if not a year later . 
  most important : money did exist but went to wrong places . . as for now greece is starting to have a brain drain and population decline . . 
  i want to see when greece will recover from this mess, 
  golden-days-greece is dead . . 
  sadly, 
   and this greek coin is just amazing well look at that , it 's europe in a euro coin heading to europe, 
  300 , but now imagine with beer and tobacco, 
  couldnt you guys name yourselves something else instead of brainwashing your people to believe in lies and pissing off others ? 
  i like your dream, 
  eu you b-baka, 
  but muslim :'( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  if space world be balkan , it would basically be star wars . . 
  think about it, 
  thanks op , loved it !, 
  almost worse than danish, 
  what about kyrillic alphabet ?
