  simfono, 
  at least in modern and ancient greek there are more similarities than your comparison . 
  many words that i do understand in the ancient part of words . 
  i also speak fluently swedish , which in comparison to viking-swedish is more different than the greek-part in ancient/modern . 
  well up here in sweden we should get a medal to understand your language, 
  well learning greek is awesome . 
  it comes with wisdom  think about it a language with a written history that is 4000 + years old , a language that triggered the western world, 
  you my friend went full retard . 
  never do that again , keep some dignity dammit, 
  being a country bordering asia or africa aint easy as you think min v\u00e4n, 
  / r/sw \u00c4rje, 
  wait . 
  does chilada mean thousand ? 
  in greek chilia ( \u03c7\u03af\u03bb\u03b9\u03b1 ) or chiliada ( \u03c7\u03b9\u03bb\u03b9\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1 ) means thousand, 
  yup !!, 
  in my hometown of uppsala . 
  once a year we have `` american carshow '' the raggare comes from the country to town to show off their american cars, 
  im not a football fan or something . 
  but do i smell sarcasm or is it just my confussion ? 
  isnt amazon an american website . 
  since when does americans know anything about geography ? 
  leave greece alone :'(, 
  i talked to my boss today who is spanish he said that there are still politicians in power who supported franco . 
  thought everyone got rid of them, 
   well , not much , slightly different culture perhaps . 
  that 's what making reddit fun . 
  reddits strength lies in the numbers of people . 
  while 4chan lies in the number of fuckups . 
  well anyway there exists a south europe too . 
  where at least greece and parts of turkey exist, 
   eastern european greece , turkey . 
  my eyes burns, 
  til that vegetables doesnt deform in space, 
  israel aint european ... bugs me totally soz, 
  not sure if troll edit : reddit you 're mean to me . . * sadface *, 
  is that more than greece ? 
  poland can not into space t_t, 
  poland can not into space . . 
  i found the kebab slayer !, 
  oxi re malaka !!, 
  europeans can into space ? 
  in greek portogallia, 
  its the only country to call it hellas , true name of greece, 
  `` now about the sacking of constantinople ... '', 
  i like that they honor greek history !, 
  i 'm amazed that nk uses chrome and sk uses ie . 
  and sk is the country which is most connected to the internet . . so ironic, 
  aide , mpravo sou re malaka :p, 
  can you read greek btw ? 
  or do you use translations ? 
  he meant `` fuck yeah '', 
  i love djungelvr\u00e5l !, 
  kurwa , is of a trap . 
  not trustings german talkings man !, 
  gooooo team europe . 
  europia fuck yeah lets get some action . . 
  forget it, 
  no happy cake day for you, 
  i am greek , what is cucumber sauce ? 
  last sentence was gold !, 
  efharisto , 
  maybe you 're right . 
  thats why it does n't look like the sun of virginia ? 
  its not about the image of the flag . 
  its about the name `` macedonia '' . 
  which was a greek kingdom in ancient greece . 
  and somehow the people in fyrom say they descent from him . 
  even tho they are slavic and not greek . . 
  every friend of mine in sweden knows this, 
  today is my names day . 
  yay !, 
  oh right !, 
  i thought that the www began with the arpanet in usa ? 
  that they might be the huns from attila the hun . 
  even tho no clear evidence ( that im aware of ) . 
  still better be cautious . . 
  this is not the first time you say that to an image on this subreddit . 
  how can you tell that ? 
  dammit danes , you made him sad now : /, 
  well i know that the first bosniaks came to be after the fall of serbia . 
  which were called after the region , right ? 
  enlighten me please, 
  so how did bosniaks come to be ? 
  well not only did the russians have a boner for greece , so did france , britain . 
  all the philhellenes  nice to meet you too, 
  hahah totally . 
  some became bosniaks :p, 
  hey guys , i got this idea ; invade russia :d, 
  give it to the jews , they might do something nice out of it . 
  like they built a shithole to a powerful country . 
  ( of course money was given to them from usa/uk ) . 
  but now , they 're more independed, 
  helluwa movie, 
  wait ... 
  what ?? 
  greece has more than enough . . and all of them also worked without paying taxes . 
  in greece we also do n't have to worry about depression in high quantity . 
  cheers to that guy !, 
  you must be german ( no offense germans < 3 ), 
   explain malaka .
