  i do n't know why people put nordic countries as the happiest , but it makes me laugh everytime . 
  you guys seem obsessed with eachother . . kiss . . please, 
  it 's about the 300 spartans , what you talking about ? 
  now that 's barbaric to me !, 
  what is he eating ? 
  does this mean the greek navy is gon na attack itself somehow ? 
  what is he noming on ? 
  now that i look at the picture again . 
  i never saw the police in the background hahah, 
  the situation could also be that the police was cornered , and the priest stood in the way to not let them be more cornered . 
  cause that makes the popo go bangbang . 
  yup very well needed / s, 
   show america is back back from what ? 
  and it 's not wincest guys , do n't get dirty thoughts , 
   bol / bolu i think is also a corruption of polis ( city ) , so islambol = islampolis / islamopolis . 
  like the neaples ( - ple/ples ) is a corruption of neapolis ( - polis ) . 
  is this far-fetched ? 
  it aired in greece too , during the siestas !, 
  got ta have 'em cheeseburgers !, 
  `` hey why are n't you looking smug aristophanes ? 
  do n't you know that it 's still our golden age here ? 
  and also made from ancient chinese-greeks , they have to be immigrants , cause look at their eyes . 
  and every worldwar have left europe weaker, 
  of course !, 
  so all in all : russia the giver and taker of freedom of bulgaria ?? 
  my guess is : communism started in russia where it was led by russians and not turkmen or siberian people . 
  the main drive force where the russians . 
  so i guess that 's why . . lenin was russian , he was the spark to the revolution, 
  they failed on that , that 's why, 
  it was the tsar ( russian empire ) that freed bulgaria . 
  not the communists ( ussr ) who were seen as takers of freedom and property . . and who knew , they actually were what i want to point is , it was another government with political ties to different countries that rubbed bulgarias dick , and not the ussr-government who were seen as the strange kid in the room . 
  the greeks should 've let the persian empire just conquer greece . 
  think of a hellenized persian empire , like they did with rome : ddd, 
  expert !, 
  yeah yeah , you got the idea what i meant , 
  much party and much frappe , got us to the crisis, 
  the first that came up for me was the [ alphabet ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/bb/0e/59/bb0e59d23d4715aa5001b7a10ec4b700.jpg ) from `` the predator ''  even tho they do n't resemble eachother, 
  welcome to reddit , friendo, 
  sure man , you go get it man . 
  all luck to you . 
  * turns around * hey guys i found another sacrifice for the minotaur !, 
  the country with 4 alphabets says the greek alphabet looks alien . . wow * clap * , 
  nice !, 
  i can see my familys old cafe and restaurant on the # 1 picture by the boat `` kung karl gustav '' . 
  and also my godfathers taverna on # 27 nice :d, 
  what a bad choice for music in a video like this . 
  well it 's not expensive as long as you dont stay on the hotels , 
   everything that looks greeks was most likely created by greeks lol , and not aliens ?? 
  / kidd it is , but overall i think greece is more expensive . 
  sure some parts in istanbul might be more expensive than athens too . 
  but if you generalize , i think greece is still more expensive, 
  well when i went to bodrum from kos , things seemed cheaper , considering turkey uses lira and greece euro, 
  in the end it comes down to money , turkey is cheaper . 
  whatever people say it 's because of money !, 
  other than that , the climate is the same as greece , also parts of the culture can resemble each other , greeks are more * european * in mind than turks . 
  `` oh turkey looks like greece , but cheaper '' , without considering how people there are treating/trying to get as much money out from ( lure ) you . 
  if you 're good buyer then you can bargain prices down in a lot of places . 
  in which in greece that might have existed years ago , but that concept is mostly gone . 
  what turkey is , is what greece was . 
  and turkey will be ... ... kind of . 
  ( well western turkey looks a lot like greece ) do n't take me too seriously, 
  greece argued a `` cassus belli '' against fyrom . 
  as a greek living in the diaspora , what has tsipras done that make people hate him ? 
  except for that one election where he said yes instead of no . 
  dickmove, 
  whats kitsch ? 
  im aware . 
  look i 'm just trying to use your logic man . 
  the logic you said about the nigerian who went to italy , cheez, 
  but you are n't . 
  if you 're from european origin , then you 're european from a specific country . 
  by your logic you 'll never be american , whatever the papers say . 
  you just had the luck to be born in the us . 
   if a nigerian went to italy and spoke italian , and acted italian , sure they practice italian culture , but they 're not really italian oh really , tell that to the indians of america , who is the real american here . 
  what you said can be used against you stranger . 
  you 're not really american either , 
  let the elder generation die out and you 'll see how much power the church will have . 
  the same generation responsible of the crisis and the bad work-mentality existing today in greece . 
   alright then , you set the majority requirement to 60 % . 
  now the other side wins with 60,43 % of the vote . 
  does that make you feel better ? 
  let 's say that the requirements were at 60 % , erdogan would still won because of the frauds he commits . 
  this is election is something like north koreas evaluation on who 's the most happy country in the world . 
  they came second after china , because let 's get `` realistic '' , `` the richer , big brother china has it better than us , we can not have it all . '', 
  k\u00f6plek is also dog right ? 
  but i nicer term ? 
  and put some honey . 
  top notch, 
  i see it as a way to meet your family and loved ones . 
  you update eachother etc. 
  depends if you celebrate too . 
  also a big factor is with who you enjoy it with . 
  the bible was written in greek , then it was only wannabees after that . 
  as always , 
  go to the deep web then . 
  just be cautious, 
  western turks more likely at the coast, 
  sometimes it feels like that a unified yugoslavia would still be better than it is now . 
  correction or change in the goverment / politicians would be enough to make it stronger . 
  but hey what do i know,
