  strangers does n't have to be involved for this occur , unfortunately, 
   it 's their culture . 
  they ca n't do anything about it . 
  the german culture ? 
   an old woman threw a rooftile on his head . 
  `` 101 way to die '' i guess . 
  the rooftile bambushka, 
   there is always that feeling of there being some old lady watching every step making sure i do n't touch my girlfriend you mean the greek traditional security camera ? 
  because these statistics do n't represent the nation at all . 
  just a couple of people from special places and times in a country, 
  sweden , where people are afraid to say hi to each other in broad daylight . . come on . 
  swedes you know what i talk about , it 's a social disability which i come to hate . 
  do n't believe everything in this picture . 
  source : born and raised here ( sweden ) . 
  your dead flair is a stolen one !!, 
  * throwing in fire in the fire *, 
  thanks !!, 
  bu/bo = no , yong = need ( ? 
  ) , xie = thanks no need thanks ~ no need to thank . 
  got it right ? 
   you would be absolute strangers to the ancient greeks . 
  it would be like walking in to your home and finding someone was wearing your son 's severed face , pretending to be him . 
   thinking your special because you 're the direct descendant of someone special is silly enough , but you just basically live where the ancient greeks lived . 
  you took and changed their language and you took their name . 
   you do n't worship their gods , you do n't follow their customs , you abandoned their social structure , you have a similar form of government , but you copied that from the other modern european democracies rather than trying to emulate athens . 
  it 's like saying modern croatians would be total strangers to the first slavs arriving to the balkans . 
  of course they would be strangers . 
  people change and adapt over time . 
  if it were n't for changes and adaptation . 
  it would be possible that the culture would sieze to exist and forgotten . 
  it 's like the greeks during the ere , they thought themselves as romans and nothing else , someone could say it could be because people were illiterate or just straight ignorant or both . 
  or just to make it simple that they saw themselves as a part of the roman legacy because everyone inside the roman empire were legit roman citizens . 
  still do n't get me wrong you keep repeating `` thinking your special because you 're the direct descendant of someone special is silly enough '' . 
  i get it , and i agree with you on that point . 
  besides it was n't like there was a man who saw the oppurtunity that noone else named themselves * greek * and took the name and applied it and later changed the language . . 
  it 's because the legacy has been continuing since `` hellenes '' started to exist . 
  anyhow , still we both look at this differently . 
  that 's that . 
   i speak fluent english and german . 
  ok  but have no relation to the english or german speaking world right ... your perception of * relation * is not what 99 % of the people would see it as . 
  it seems you 're making an effort to sticking out from the crowd . 
  your example of objects relating to persons is not the same as relating cultures to persons . 
  i hope you understand that . 
  and you say that it 's not only greece doing it , but everyone . 
  then i guess everyone are wrong and you 're right . 
   `` other people did stuff and that 's why i 'm great '' is utter nonsense . 
  i agree just because people were born in a different time does n't mean you do n't have a relation to them . 
  people died for letting the greek culture and language to live on . 
  i 'm a part of it and exercise some of it ( in some parts of the world does it unknowingly ) . 
  thus that i see as a * relation * . 
   alexander saw him self as being greek but ultimately he became culturally persian more than anything . 
  he did that to unify his empire , the common folk in the kingdom of macedonia did not partake in this , and some were against this . 
   modern greece has basically no connection to the greece of antiquity if you 're looking for blood relatives , you 're probably right . 
  but saying that they have no connection , i find it ignorant . 
  the ancient macedonians spoke a variety of greek like the rest of the city-states/kingdoms in the area did . 
  they were a hellenic people who wrote and read in greek . 
  hell i can read texts who 're 2k + years old ( not that i 'll understand , but some words are surely recognized . 
  this because languages change over time . ), 
  it 's like saying that the chinese have no connections to the han dynasty , i find your statement wrong . 
  and most chinese call themselves of the han ethnic group . 
  go tell them this, 
   you just erase the fact that they may have been slavs , albanians or vlachs . 
  or the other way around , the greeks used to be more far spread out around the world , before everyone wanted a piece of the cake and intergrated them into their culture and languages . 
  and until the turks conquered the greek speaking lands , greek-speakers spread out and assimilated , some by force and some without force . 
  one of the many sounds the greek language does n't have :d, 
  probably synonyms, 
   greece is translated from hellas did n't the greeks somehow contacted the chinese back in the days ? 
  like greek , kina, 
  how do you say `` you 're welcome '' , or can you say xie xie back ? 
  used to date a chinese , i think guo means kingdom ... which is almost the same . 
  but i want to clarify, 
  is that the only thing you know ? 
  really ? 
   the greeks were the erdogans in those days yup , during the junta right ? 
   he was forced to listen music before execution because they think music is haram . 
  it 's almost hilarious, 
  i think it 's something like that . 
  that 's why greeks might not like turks , because siding with the invaders and thus converting becoming a `` turk '' . 
  but hey what can you do , the last stages of the roman empire were horrible for the people living there , everyone wanted a piece of the cake . 
  people got tired and thus sided with the stronger player in the battleground . 
  i think so, 
   petrified patriarch you mean the marble emperor ? 
  their currency : salt, 
  plz, 
  public string ( no_earthies ) { return `` please '' + no_earthies ; }, 
  greeks built roads too , they just did n't put so much emphasys in it , since greeks used to travel mostly on by boat or foot since greece is sooo mountainous . 
  sure , bring all the sexy cousins !, 
  no do n't get me wrong mate , i 'm a kinda happy person, 
  basically what was left of the roman empire, 
  bulgaria was big in times where there was much turmoil and thus filling up vaccums a lot . 
  basically the annoying fly of the byzantine empire  / s, 
  nordics have never been good on dealing alcohol , it 's the drink-culture that sucks . 
  it reminds me a lot of the british one , but brits are one step ahead . 
  source : born and raised in sweden . 
  of course !, 
  russia has a lot people with hacking/cracking skills . 
  i understand you . 
  do n't put restrictions in experiencing life , but you 're ( the government ) ready to put my life in risk . 
  risking my life to not experience life to its fullest . 
  denmark - the happiest country in the world .
