   istanbuliotes you make it sound greek . 
  like greeks say , konstantinopolites, 
  i want to go visit gdansk so that i can eat a nice gulash soup, 
   but x does not mean h in russian ? 
  finally the barbarians learned to read and write . . / s, 
  sssh . . sleep little one . 
  phoenician does n't exist anymore . 
  is all dream . 
  pyccki alphabet came from greek , so yes xexex :d so did yours !, 
  it 's not like kurdistan ever existed ? 
  i do n't wan na be that guy , but show me that i 'm wrong . 
   i 'd imagine just some druggie on a bad trip . 
  seems more like it , or just had plans to be taken to jail . 
  in sweden where i met albanians , they seem good , i 've also worked with some also . 
  but now that you mention it , almost all of them originated from greece before . . it seems somehow you 're right , i wonder why ? 
  imagine if immigrants around the world were like albanians . 
  sure these people got a lot of shit in the beginning , but hey coming in hordes tends to do that . 
  but a lot of albanians truly integrated into the society pretty well . 
   now take a look at where kurds are majority right now , and on which lands they 're for claiming territories for their country . 
  you 'll find that entertaining , i promise . 
  that 's true , kurds played a major role in cleansing christians in turkey . 
  the funny part ( not so funny anyway ) is that they later got fucked over by the turks after the cleansing . 
  they were promised land etc , but nada . 
  do les ? 
  never heard of croats , but polish yes :d, 
  except when it comes to vacation in greece . 
  then greece # 1, 
  they 're neutral towards greece , since greece was the workplace and close to home . 
  and many albanians usually love greece . 
  but haters/idiots exists everywhere, 
  except for people who do n't know any better, 
  dating shows as in the dating serials ? 
  i know bosniaks and greeks who have been watching famous tv shows from turkey, 
  the bulwark of europe since the persian wars, 
  their pride resides in football , just crush them there :d like the danish did ( i think they did ), 
  true true , even tho they do n't have to be the best on that , 
  the fuck ? 
  is it a joke or what ? 
   or as the traitorous latins called it , imperium graecorum . 
  they were just jealous , 
  hey can i order one crusade please ? 
  go and say to a fellow greek : `` mia fatsa , mia ratsa '' `` una faccia , una raccia '' ( spell ? ), 
  it 's also the latin name , if i 'm not mistaken, 
  i hope you enjoy your toilet visits, 
  you never talk shit about frappe , unless you 're shitting it out while you talk shit about it . 
  ey ese that might be verdad hermano, 
  it was basically turks raiding around in a power vaccum , bulgars were turks no ? 
  i 'm afraid i do n't get it . . 
  if you 're not from kilkis , you wo n't like it that much , because what is there for kilkis ? 
  basically we have some nature around kilkis ( much flat land in comparison to other places in greece ) . 
  but living in kilkis is like living in a village ( even tho there 're 30k people living there ) . 
  you 'll basically meet people you know of all the time , that 's happening to me , and i 'm born and raised in sweden . 
  so seeing familiar faces is quite nice , people you 've been hanging out with throughout the summers ( when i go for vacation ) . 
  if you 're bored with kilkis , you 've thessaloniki close to you . 
  serres is n't that far away either ( where my pops is from ) . 
  but the biggest fault is , we do n't have a beach man . . 
  i 've been dreaming about it before . 
  maybe someday if the arctic poles wills it !!, 
  ps : we have a lot of swedish speaking greeks by the way . 
  so it 's not unnormal to have many friends both in kilkis and sweden . 
  enjoy your stay man, 
  i can imagine that its really nice there , 
  wow , that 's nice !!, 
   what 's the population of litochoro . 
  it 's a really nice place because on one side you have a mountain rich of history and hiking . 
  and on the other side you have the beach/sea . 
  is the beach nice tho ? 
  it looked nice from the motorway . 
  i was there last summer , really nice ( went from kilkis ) . 
  i also met someone who is from litochoro , in a raveparty in stockholm ( i live here ) . 
  this guy was a screenwriter . 
  was a very random moment . . but was nice to meet a greek, 
  they do n't have that ... 
  still interested ? 
  totally, 
  welcome to the internets , built by internetides himself !, 
  aaw nuts . . 
  they were like `` enough of this barbarian shit , let 's civilize them by learning them to read and write . '', 
  oh that could explain it . 
  but nada , havent heard before :p, 
  dont believe all the statistics you see , ive seen some in / r/mapporn . 
  take them with a considerable thought, 
   bolded part is translated to : maybe one day in future get support for independence like kosovo . 
  sure it 's complicated , but yeah . 
  like kosovo . 
  i know mostly jokes about greeks themselves . . never heard an albanian joke, 
  people like to blame greece a lot , especially now during the crisis . 
  but things are n't just black and white . 
  other countries did also a shitty job . 
  that eventually led to an eu crisis . 
  so as an eu , we created this situation . 
  it 's not like the other countries are just blind, 
  marshall plan existed because a nazi germany went warmongering in europe and left much in ruins . 
  easy as that . 
  marshall plan = = rebuilding , something that could easily be avoided if not of an eager and greedy leader . 
  still germany is in possesion of things it stole during the war ( or somehow `` dissapeared '' ) , how funny is that . 
  but what can a chihuahua of a country do rather than bark ? 
   greeks have nobody except themselves and their politicians to blaime for the mess that their are in right now . 
  and so did the germans ? 
  instead of fighting hitler off of the position as leader of germany , he went of on a world war with it resulting 6 + millions jews murdered and more .
