  but still they got to turn to the other chick . 
  got their marshall plan and debt relief !, 
  pheeeew talk about lucky !!, 
  but i 'm not saying the greeks are blameless , they 're to blame of course . 
  but germans really got spoon-fed there . 
  but it was a different time , in fear of the red communists / cold war etc. 
   so excuse me , but i say you complain a lot cause the state spoiled you in the last decades . 
  i agree !, 
  what i 'm used to hear is that mathematics in greece usually are much better than in sweden , that 's why sweden used to have big headlines on the news on why schools were bad at it . 
  cousins and friends have told me how easy it 's here , and usually people have good grades in maths . . my own experience is that i learned multiplication in 1st grade in greece before moving back to sweden , and noone could do simple multiplication here . . 
  so i dunno, 
  thing is former yugoslavs originate from same source more or less . 
  greeks and turks dont , greeks and turks eat the same , some dance the same ( mostly black sea region ) , and some look the same ( especially turks close to the aegean ) , but we dont understand eachother as the yugos do . 
  but these similarities exist because turks occupied greece and some things intermixed ( by force or not ) turks didnt originate from the same source as the greeks did . 
  heck turks dont even speak a indo-european language . . 
  i 've never seen a greek write `` just pay our debts and leave us the fuck alone '' , or something similar, 
  someone followed your ass and called you on your shit . 
  just stop it, 
  basically , the same people , look the same , talk the same , act the same , drink the same , eat the same , shitting-on-each-other the same , but religion not the same . 
  totally !, 
  those hurricanes sure take care of the pollution problem . 
  we got ourselves a crusade instead , which eventually made the pope shit his pants , because that killed the eastern bulwark of europe . 
  you wan na live our livestyle again ? 
  we just do the living and you the warring, 
  yup , they were mostly from uppland area , and they called it krikkland at that time . 
  i 'm born in uppsala and been in those museums where they mentioned of that place ( the varangians from sweden where mostly from uppland ) . 
  but i ca n't seem to find the name `` krikkland '' anywhere on the internet now . . 
  this latin `` alphabet '' makes me sick to the bones, 
  it 's known for `` r\u00f6sta blankt '' , does n't do much in reality . 
  sure you 're not satisfied with the parties we have , but voting for nothing does n't help . 
  i smell eu4 in the air, 
  in greek culture you pour cola on the retsina ( greek white wine ) . 
  spritze is kinda common in austria , sprite and white wine . 
  ( i recall from my austrian friend ) . 
  and here in sweden if i remember right , fanta and rose wine is common during the summer . . or it was a hit a couple of years ago . 
  he was kidding probably because this has been reposted many times . 
  chillax man !, 
   well tbh i had a bad day and i overreacted but you admitted that you reacted that way because you had a bad day , no ? 
  that was the reason you acted that way . 
  me pianeis ? 
  so without knowing your bad day , from my perspective you acted `` not nice '' , still got it ? 
  and how do you know that he knew he would get that answer ? 
  can you read peoples minds ? 
  that would be interesting . 
  as we say in swedish , g\u00f6r om g\u00f6r r\u00e4tt ( do it again do it right ) . 
  next time think it through . 
  and dont let your bad day ruin others day . 
  i 'm trying to give you insight , take it as you want man . 
  peace out !, 
  i called you a prick because that was true . 
  you 're telling me that you had a bad day , so i guess thats why you wrote that . 
  when writing things like this . 
  imagine you talk with the person face to face . 
  would you still say that infront of the persons face ? 
  just a thought  the guy was just asking a simpel question , because he 's curious sorry for your bad day , we all have those, 
   at least he was n't cleansing armenian and kurdish families from their homes . 
  yeah a bit . 
  come on now . . do n't act stupid, 
  woah there , the guy just asked . . do n't have to be passive aggressive, 
  yeah , fuck you and your source / s ( people downvoated you ), 
  good job czechinians !! ... . . 
  well sorta yes , not all but yes they had slaves . 
  i guess it 's how some parts of the world worked in those days, 
  you lost me the romans were n't enslaved like animals ? 
  in swedish it is n't about gypsy thing i think . 
  what i have in mind is more like someone who lives in a disorganized place . 
  i had an ex where her mother was living very bohemian , not that cleaned up place , and things being like over all the place , rarely cleaning things up . 
  while not being dirty , i mean sure it needed some cleaning , but was at the edge . 
  hard to explain :p, 
  hmm , who are you referring to ? 
  i know right , but tried to make it as a joke , 
  no i know . 
  was n't pointing this to you only , other people can be confrontational . . you know this is / r/europe afterall , 
  i think it 's kinda normal in swedish . 
  `` someone lives a bohemian life '' read more [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bohemianism ), 
  i 'm just kidding man . 
  one reason we know why they werent advanced/rich is because alexander the great wasnt even interested in europe , cause europe didnt have anything potential to conquer since much was covered in forest . 
  the only thing that was conquered in europe was in balkans to secure the borders what he wanted was to give back to persia because of grudge . . and they had riches . 
  so did india , they had tropical forests . . and riches . 
  but the greeks had enough of war and wanted to go home , to mommy to eat the feta and olives, 
  just trying to kidd . 
  is key no ? 
  i 'm born in sweden . 
  i 'm also living in forest and animals and stuff :d yeah i was wrong at first , thought the flag you had was polish, 
  greece is the strongest of taking hits , look at the history . 
  this but a scratch, 
  oh , my bad . 
  thought he was polish . 
  but i think it still applies , except more trashtalking the roman empire, 
  your ancestors were most likely shitting in the woods and living in huts out in the forests by the rivers , hunting animals and working on their small land of crops , before the steppe hordes made them move to modern poland  i 'm not trying to denounce , but how i imagine it :p, 
  brother , you forgot your xxxxx 's here , use them wisely !, 
  it does in greek ( i think latin too ) , but read about it that the name was from a latin man, 
  thanks , very beautiful !, 
  does matera in any way mean `` mother '' ? 
   just bring in some dutch engineers and sea reclamation experts without loads of paperwork just [ kill the sea close to the building ? 
   ` arap ' ( arab , which was a generic name for black animals here until rte got angry at us about it . 
  arap / arapis in greece is the equivalent to negro . 
  i can see a correlation here . 
  no early rush plz, 
  wait . . you have to go to amsterdam to actually smoke ?
