  with influences from greek , germanic , romance and slavic languages you 've got a big portion of europe right there . 
  yes , everyone is not equally represented , but it 's good enough . 
  if it is introduced as the first foreign language in school , 2 years is enough to be fluent , and learning third languages like german/french/spanish / whichever will be ** much ** easier after the student has a solid base in esperanto . 
  20 years later you have a big portion of the population fluent in the language , it 's easy for older people to pick up as well , or even understand without learning it if you are a romance speaker . 
  it 's also well suited for scientific literature . 
  that 's why a relatively neutral one like esperanto would be great . 
  it 's specifically designed to be an auxiliary language and not replace the local one . 
  yeah , we 've always been over the top with attitudes and legislation regarding drugs . 
  hopefully that will change . 
  also unrelated , after seeing the headline out of the corner of my eye i thought it was about jacques brel , who definitely was n't an awful singer , 
  just chillin ' . 
  hey now , scandinavians did sometimes ride into battle ... only to then dismount and fight on the ground . 
  how are you supposed to keep your balance on that thing ?!, 
  i wish they would , but i think forcing them to do so via legislation is the wrong way to go . 
  yes , i think banning hijabs sets a far worse precedent since banning clothing can be abused by a future malevolent government to stifle dissent or restrict freedoms . 
  imo the french burkini ban is a joke , it 's completely removed from the root cause of the issue , which is attitude towards women in muslim-majority countries and among the emigrants from there . 
  yes , but there are degrees of severity . 
  if i go into a traditional synagogue , i 'm expected to wear a kippah . 
  that does n't mean i agree with or support circumcision for non-medical reasons . 
  i agree that having to wear a hijab is a bad practice , but this is just politicians from a small country being diplomatic . 
  if you want others to respect your culture when coming to your country , would you not be hypocritical if you did n't do the same when going to their country ? 
  i 'm surprised sicily has n't got better soil performance , since they were the bread basket of the roman republic pre-egypt . 
  unless you 're already at the hospital , legs wide and ready to go . 
  you misunderstand me , the comment i was responding to was talking about illegal immigrants , by which he meant refugees and non-eu migrants . 
  people blame politicians , but do they really blame eu as an institution for the number of immigrants in sweden ? 
  even if sweden were not in the eu , do n't you think we would have taken in the same amount of refugees anyway ? 
  if yes , then it makes no sense to blame the eu . 
  yeah , it 's not like danish rule ever hurt anyone ^ * cough * ^ stockholm ^ bloodbath ^ * cough *, 
  people in sweden do n't blame the eu for immigration . 
  they might blame other countries in the eu for not helping out more . 
  scandinavia is often pretty eurosceptic in general . 
  they do n't need nukes , they 've got the secret weapon , the phalanx . 
  beware usa !, 
  the only way to mitigate shitposting is to allow it . 
  has your drug policy taught you nothing ? 
  sometimes redundancy is good , sometimes it 's redundant . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  what would it take to change the system ? 
  is there any way to create incentive for the current parties to also want a change or are there too many that have a vested interest in the status quo ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with artificial languages !, 
  the best thing about the view from the tour montparnasse is that you no longer have to see the tour montparnasse . 
  europe does n't hate turkey . 
  they hate its current leadership and the anti-secular direction that turkey is moving in . 
  to be fair all countries do that . 
  `` look , we lowered unemployment by 3 % by giving these people 3 hour per week ` occupational training ' , they ca n't be classed as unemployed anymore . 
  vote for us again ! '', 
  the sneaky spanish are infiltrating poland right under your noses !, 
  nice one !, 
  however , the stripes in the water make it look like the fort is travelling to the left , hehe . 
  it 's the nature of the internet - there 's so little consequence to what you do , so people go wild with stuff that they would n't dare to say to other people 's faces in real life . 
  people who otherwise would n't post these comments see them so often that they become the norm and they themselves then continue the feedback loop . 
  and it 's the only thing they know about sweden , so whenever they see a swede or something swedish then away we go . 
  cheezus !, 
  finnish seems to have a penchant for lewd meanings in other languages . 
  nah it 's from our portmonn\u00e4 , clearly . 
  like all eagles are knock-offs of roman symbols . 
  also they kept taking off their shoes , exposing their feet to attack . 
  yeah , that podcast was a nice insight into what maajid called `` good '' ( or at least neutral ) populism , it will be interesting too see how the situation develops . 
  afaik palatium is also the word that `` paladin '' is derived from , so really it should be rheinland bubble-bund . 
  yeah , if i learned anything from the martian it 's that there 's no problem that ingenuity , feces , potatoes and duct tape ca n't fix . 
  yeah , there are some places in berlin where you can buy it more or less in the open ( inner-city parks mostly ) , and the sellers have been there for years . 
  it 's still hush-hush though ( pay that guy , follow that guy behind some vision-obscuring objects to get the goods ) . 
  i agree that there 's an individualism / collectivism spectrum across many countries , but could you give any concrete examples ? 
  nice , have n't listened to tom lehrer in ages , 
  do n't be so sure , him going back in time could cause a butterfly effect that makes the outcome something else entirely . 
  unless whatever happened , happened \u2122 . 
  hey now . 
  clearly trottoar , paraply , butelj and f\u00e5t\u00f6lj are not broken french but the true spelling . 
  ah , thanks for the explanation . 
  sorry if i 'm a bit slow , but why is private debt more expensive to society than public debt ? 
  looks like the first one has several grokes ( urr ) . 
  you can get to b1 from scratch in six months with not too much energy investment . 
  that 's enough to get by comfortably in a country during a temporary stay imo . 
  while i agree to a point , it 's also important to note that terms like `` outdated '' are sometimes used by historians themselves . 
  since it 's not a natural science , being too eager to classify things as wrong can be counterproductive since the view of many events have changed over the years due to better methodology , technology or just more work being done on the subject . 
  no , but if more and more work is done on the subject and the view of most historians over the centuries shifts toward other answers than that christianity is to blame , why is that ? 
  could it be that the evidence does not support it as the prime cause ? 
  edward gibbon was great but not infallible . 
  if you 're in a german-speaking country , `` teuro '' works . 
  yes ? 
  how many people actually want to go to war and fight ? 
  not many . 
  that does n't mean that they would not be ready to do so . 
  how many allied soldiers in ww2 wanted to go to war ? 
   originally , the question rose from samuel stouffer 's `` the american soldier '' study released in 1949 chronicled the world war ii soldier 's attitudes about facing battle . 
  combat infantrymen returning from the war most often said they kept fighting to `` get the war over so that they could go home . 
  the second most common response and the primary combat motivation , however , referred to the strong group ties that developed during combat , '' stouffer reported . 
  https://www.thebalance.com/why-soldiers-fight-3331792 it 's human not to want to go to a foreign country and kill people that have done nothing against you personally and would be your friends in peace time . 
  just because you hope that war does n't happen and thinking dying would suck does n't mean that you are only in the army to appear cool . 
  if you are a fireman , of course you are ready to go into burning houses and risk your life . 
  but it 's not wrong to hope that no fires happen , and dying in a fire would suck . 
  you are putting words and intentions in the original poster 's mouth that you have no idea are true or not , this is completely your interpretation and has nothing to do with what he/she said . 
  answer me this : 1 . 
  is it more comfortable to be in the army in peace time than in war time ? 
  would it suck to die ? 
  if you answered yes to both , then it would seem you are in complete agreement with the post you replied to . 
  anything else is just your assumptions about him/her . 
  most people do n't want wars to happen . 
  that does n't mean that they wo n't go as soldiers . 
  if you do n't value life , then giving your life for honor is giving something of very little value .
