i would like to note that these guys were actually caught by frontex and handed over to greek authorities . 
  two months later they showed up in austria . 
  which is really not that much if you consider nuclear power plants in eu countries are producing some 800bn kwh a year . 
  austria is historically very multicultural . 
  surnames of slavic origin are pretty omnipresent both in germanized and original form ( e.g. 
  at one point the czech population in vienna was almost as big as prague . 
  also hitler warned about the `` slavization of austrian germans '' so nowadays this is something austrians rather embrace . 
  the `` no n\u011bmec without h\u00e1\u010dek '' comment is a bit of a joke . 
  for those that do n't know `` n\u011bmec '' is the term for germans in many slavic languages and the `` h\u00e1\u010dek '' is the little `` v '' on top of the \u011b . 
  if your family has lived in austria for more than 2-3 generations it is very unlikely that you do n't have any anchestors from other central european countries and you might as well be a german and goosestep back to berlin because you are not a `` real '' austrian . 
  of course all this is tongue in cheek . 
  also optimally you need at least a tiny bit of slavic or magyar heritage . 
  in austria the legal drinking age is 16 ( 18 for distilled beverages in the western half of the country ) . 
  the year is 1871 a.d. the holy roman empire is entirely occupied by the prussians . 
  well notentirely !, 
  one small region of indomitable austrians still holds outagainst the invaders . 
  and life is not easy for the prussian legionaries who garrison the fortified lands of bavaria , w\u00fcrttemberg , saxony and silesia ... 
  for context the moment in the first video ( \u00d6sterreich ist frei ) happened only the day after the warsaw pact was declared , a week after w. germany had joined nato , that day a free , independent and neutral austria was an immense achievement and people were absolutely ecstatic . 
  the only ones who would argue that are neonazis . 
  i see a certain country defy the european trend once again . 
  oui  we use our own [ standard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_german ) . 
  it differs a bit in grammar ( we rarely use the simple past for example ) but also quite a bit in vocabulary . 
  austrian german uses a lot of loan words from many languages ( germans tend to germanise words ) you may recognize words such as : mezzanin , garconniere , bouteille , trottoir , faschieren , tabaktrafik , fauteuil , plafond , lavoir , parte or even schmafu ( je m ' en fous ) . 
  they sometimes differ from their original meaning but i think they are still recognizable for the most party . 
  dialects on the other hand are even more different but they are mostly spoken but rarely written like in my op . 
  edit : na goa net do hauts ma in peidl auft seitn !, 
  not sure if you responded to the right comment . 
  i did n't say the nedc is cheating . 
  i just added to the previous comment why it is so inaccurate for electric vehicles . 
   for electric cars especially the heating system is relevant . 
  it 's always turned off when the range is determined . 
  the nedc also goes up to only 120 km/h for just a brief period of time , massively profiting electric cars . 
  highway speeds during the winter wreck havoc on the range of bev . 
  if you want to keep it formal you can also say `` gr\u00fc\u00df sie '' . 
  not juncker personally . 
  advance tax rulings in luxembourg involve neither the finance minster ( juncker at the time ) nor the prime minister ( juncker at the time ) . 
  as is obvious because all the luxleaks documents were signed by tax agency staff . 
  but you could obviously blame him for the legislation that made these rulings possible . 
  you can search them [ here . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/competition/elojade/isef/index.cfm ) click `` state aid '' and then `` aid instrument '' everything taxes . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oujim7c.png ) is a list of just specifically 2015/16 taxation cases . 
  italivederci, 
  most of the demonstrators are likely turkish citizens and not austrians who sympathize one way or the other , so it 's hard to compare . 
  we literally had islamist demonstrations before too and they were not banned either . 
  demonstrations get banned here very rarely . 
  the father of josef mengele owned a fairly successful agriculture engineering company that existed until very recently . 
  weird seeing that name on random machines in the countryside . 
  it 's an overreaction because it 's just a random tabloid headline . 
  those usually do n't cause diplomatic rows . 
  especially because it 's the second time they are doing this . 
  there was never any [ `` do n't go to turkey '' ad ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-02/erdogan-to-meet-investors-in-ankara-in-latest-effort-to-reassure ) that 's just a quote from a street interview that was shown on [ the same ticker ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dtq8itt.jpg ) the above is just an overreaction of the turkish government . 
  there 's a news ticker run by a tabloid , tabloids have ridiculous headlines . 
  no hostile stance in that . 
  the weekly 15 sec test alarm is very distinct from an actual 3 min continuous warning or and 1 min wail alarm and people are well aware of that . 
  he is a member of a pan-germanist student fraternity but ever acting on that would end his political career . 
  many volunteer firefighting forces in rural areas still rely on them . 
  magyarbros would never do that , anschluss 2.0 may be the real reason though . 
  this time we fight back !, 
  in all seriousness though it is the main means to alert volunteer firefighters in rural areas . 
  you heard the weekly civil protection test alarm . 
  it goes off every saturday for 15 seconds , there is also a longer annual test alarm in october . 
  [ this leaflet ] ( http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/cs03picturesbmi/bmi_news_int%20-%20katastrophenschutz/zivilschutzprobealarm_2015/d_14941.jpg ) from last year should help you understand what the signals mean . 
  austria too . 
  dude sitting on the shoulders of another dude is not very common , no . 
  well considering you are , albeit jokingly , advocating a prime nazi policy here i was n't sure you are fine with them . 
  hate to tell you but half of those austrians nobel laureates were jews . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  v6 runs much smoother than a v4 , that 's a no brainer !, 
   too bad because there is a lot in common but there is this strong stereotype that these countries got socialized into some kind of communist collectivisim . 
  just keep in mind this was the first personal experience for many people . 
  just a quarter century ago when the iron curtain fell people went there to check it out . 
  it was just a short car ride away and what they saw left a huge impression on them . 
  my uncle who is actually a second generation czech ( and son of a prague spring refugee ) still tells this story of rows and rows of huge harvesters driving along endless mono culture fields when he went to czechoslovakia for the first time of his life in the 90s . 
  i am also surprised that all his `` funny '' behaviour is often interpreted so negatively . 
  like people pretend he is genuinely angry at farage and trying to block cameras or steal his sign . 
  or when he messed with orban he is clearly just joking around with an old friend . 
  how can people interpret such a jovial gesture as `` insulting the hungarian people '' or stuff like that ? 
  also the commission has been pretty soft on austerity under him which is imho the right approach . 
  was just walking home coming across a cafe in vienna hearing people celebrate i knew france had just scored . 
  learn the difference between nato and eu and send back the money to all the eu members who did n't bomb you . 
  linz land ( linz countryside area ) , upper austria . 
  it 's red because his bike rack covers his normal plates . 
   but the austrian one is decades older almost a century actually . 
  1956 was pretty much the opposite of uncontrolled . 
  the people were immediately put into refugee camps in eastern austria and resettled over the years . 
  brudervolk, 
  indivisible and insauceable, 
  thanks , i had the same problem . 
  well yes , it 's not like we have a great assortment of delicious saltwater fish my seafaring friend . 
  the number of landlocked countries in central europe is too damn high !, 
  `` christmas carp '' is actually fairly common across central europe . 
  although most people do n't buy it alive anymore . 
  my point was rather that he was not some down on his luck chap conscripted into the wehrmacht who just happened to end up in a war zone . 
  he was a volunteer of one of the most prolific organisations in modern human history , well known for its actions even at the time . 
  he was very much master of his own destiny . 
  it 's hard to say were you and me would have ended up in that time period by i sincerely doubt we would have ended up like that . 
  the overwhelming majority of germans did not either . 
  i very much commend his change in lifestyle after the war though . 
  this guy gets it !, 
  he is literally wearing an ss uniform .
