  only like , one . 
  because greece has been bailed out twice by eu . 
  the audacity to demand ww2 reparations do n't help either . 
  patience and trust is stretched rather thin . 
  like be able to buy it at all , if not , pay for it by the premium price . 
  i fail to see what could have been done other than loosen debt conditions , which imo can not be done any further . 
  there 's been other plans . 
  [ south stream ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_stream ) and [ burgas -- alexandroupoli pipeline ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burgas%e2%80%93alexandroupoli_pipeline ) , now the deal is to join the turkish pipeline . 
  i get your point now , my head was in the trends . 
  hopefully this situation maintains until southern europe recovers . 
  of course , did n't mean to sound all the other way too . 
  but to say europe 's `` pushing '' greece towards russia is a stretch . 
  more like `` you do n't get gas if you do n't do what we want you to '' . 
  the investment itself is sound , the timing and presumed intent is not . 
  your view is fairly greece-centric . 
  truth of the matter is , greece got into debt of its own accord and is not doing a good job fulfilling its debt obligations so its trying to weasel its way out to russia , doing a two way approach so that if greece abandons europe ( greece view : europe abandons greece ) , it has an ally to count on or have leverage vs europe so that they soften their stance on them . 
  got ta agree with / u/easterncallbacks here . 
  gdp for spain , portugal and italy been falling years 2010-14 , whilst germany 's gdp remained positive . 
  there were even proposals to split euro to northern and southern euro . 
  the reasoning is more complex than that , but it 's not only different economies by raw , statistical terms , but also government/reform efficiency and government/civic service social trust . 
  ideally those highly indebted countries should default and devalue their currency , but they ca n't because euro , so their economies stagnate . 
  and it 's still too much for most less developed countries . 
  tells you how much of a difference exists between them . 
  euro is strong and will get stronger . 
  but nigh none of that is due to spain , portugal or italy . 
  sweden 's stance on euro can be summarized to `` we 'll adopt it ... eventually '' . 
  in layman terms , germany dictates euro value with its economy and other countries for whatever reason ca n't catch up . 
  euro was meant to be introduced when europe would be on at least similar level of development , not on germany and countries 10 years back in development , if not more . 
  and look how that improved their economy . 
  that what happen if not of invest in eastern polan . 
  actually it 's more prevalent in those . 
  for such a nationalistic region i kind of fail to notice the whole multicultural spirit . 
  you can only imagine how it is for the rest of the world . 
  so basically you can assume that bosnia 's identity is largely above nationality or religion , is that about right ? 
  so you say there was no bosnian identity before , even as it was an independent or semi-independent country next to serbia ? 
  so let me get this straight . 
  serbians think bosniak is just a muslim/ottoman-enforced artificial identity . 
  bosnians consider their identity to be above nationality or religion , but there are still some non-muslim serbs or croats that want to join their respective nations . 
  that sounds about right ? 
  that 's why i asked , it 's quite confusing :d, 
  was ? 
  so how strong is the self determination feel among serbs and croats at the moment ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i see . 
  and since when did that identity develop ? 
  was it always there or was it just something created by borders enforced militarily through occupation , mostly the ottomans ? 
  i read about it multiple times but i must admit context feels amiss , which is why i ask here . 
  thought it 's like that . 
  i still do n't understand why non-muslim serbians and croats on the borders of bosnia did n't join serbia and croatia . 
  is there no want for that sort of thing ? 
  i like the comparison , but do n't the non-muslim serbs and croats in bosnia want to join their respective countries ? 
  so technically bosnia is a national minority-led country throughout most of its history ? 
  to an outsider that seems a really awkward reason to stay separate . 
  so when did bosnian country identity solidify and for what reasons ? 
  was it just a brother country to serbia until it undergone muslim influence under ottoman empire ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i 'm not asking to provoke anyone - like i said , i know nothing of bosnia so i 'm just curious what exactly is it that sets bosnia and serbia and croats in bosnia and croatia apart . 
  so is bosnia just a muslim identity or ? 
  history wise was n't bosnia a serbian speaking country next to serbia ? 
  the middle area sure due to what i assume is result of muslim influence by the ottoman empire , but border areas iirc were/are largely serbian or croat , no ? 
  i 'm largely ignorant to the balkan region history wise but i was always curious why was bosnia never split between croatia and serbia after yugoslavia broke down . 
  haha . 
  you imply as if you can have enough of ` murican freedom in your country . 
  and turn bosnia into cheese . 
  not acting against it , as i understand / u/andyawesome, 
  kopacz is paid pennies , politician wise . 
  he knew what he was doing . 
  dibs that poland will be last to join . 
  he refers to internships in eu offices , most likely brussels . 
  tl ; dr - interns not being paid . 
  hired or not after internship was over , interns should be paid if those are the terms so the complaint is valid . 
  that 's optimistic . 
  i 'd be surprised if one ep would bother browsing it . 
  yes , of course , you forgot to mention your russian friends are the only thing that is saving serbia from becoming a puppet state of eu and us both , right ? 
  we 're done here , 
  well , your government agreed to nato presence , so if you really have a concern with non-threatening military presence whose only purpose is to protect from hostilities , then by all means vote your government out . 
  i find your anti-nato sentiment lacking hard evidence . 
   why do you think they went to presevo , to protect us from the albanians ? 
  yes . 
  to protect both sides from either side , to be precise . 
  a choice of location is insufficient evidence for your `` south stream block '' claim . 
   which means that we will just be another cannon fodder in their hostilities with russia what hostilities ? 
  if anything it 's russia that is hostile , not nato . 
  also , what `` another cannon fodder '' you refer to ? 
  there are none of the case . 
  and i 'm not sure what interests would russia have in serbia . 
  have you any proof for your blocking construction of south stream claim ? 
  nato are peace keeping soldiers , not occupiers . 
  they do n't seek conflict . 
  i honestly think serbians are paranoid because of the historical nato bombing . 
  their role and scope of action changed largely since then . 
  extreme right wing is generally fairly chauvinist . 
  touche , did not consider that time period . 
  occupation means some land was under control and as far as i know no major region was . 
  except the part with finland . 
  finland was never occupied , merely contested . 
  w\u0142adys\u0142aw iv was the more moderate one and was chill with russians being orthodox , but ego got the best of sigismund there . 
  not complaining , but it 's enough to soil an opinion about a country . 
   governments can not force a whole nation to do something they do n't want to do . 
  yes they can .
