  leftist ideology pertains mostly to the poor and disadvantaged ; you can be self-centered and say immigration is against your interest since your poor are more important and bringing immigrants weakens their position and promotes exploiting them even further or you can be more selfless and say that you ought to care for poor in general , no matter who they are or where they come from . 
  i do n't think being leftist and nationalist is compatible , as leftist ideology aims at reducing/removing such barriers/differences for the sake of equal/nondiscriminatory treatment . 
  italy had african colonies and a tradition of mediterranean migrants as well . 
  to be fair it 's not hard to become a minority in a 5 million state . 
  austria-hungary was n't quite multicultural , it was a country made up of a few countries in effect ; the cultures did n't quite intertwine , they were actually parallel , so the opposite of what multiculturalism wants to achieve . 
  there were theories shortly before wwi to make austria-hungary a true federal state , but it was too late by then . 
  it 's not quite the same as to be a pot of different cultures . 
  diversity ( imo ) helps innovation , flow of capital ( and human capital ) and increases a country 's effective reach of influence . 
  the last picture gives me eu4 feels . 
  nope , unless you connect to someone in a social app via the phone number . 
  messenger is a social medium since you communicate with other people , do n't see how it is n't . 
  not positive but i believe the polish growth is largely driven by builders , engineers and it . 
  possibly medical professionals too . 
  we still earn roughly 2-3 times less than germans , so that 's the standard we 're putting up our employers to . 
  or maybe , albanians are a distinct nationality feeling close to neither serbs or turks  still , you could be bros. 
  both quite possible . 
  just my wishful thinking , not an expectation . 
  after all , i did n't move to norway . 
  english is the language of business and the world , in the era of international worker mobility i do n't see the point of learning the local language to work and have a decent life anywhere that applies . 
  to me culture is more than just the language , i find it more of a tool to communicate with in today 's world really , but i can see how that concept can bother some . 
  naturally , since i do n't want to learn norwegian i just wo n't move there and i 'll leave it at that . 
  not sure why the downvotes , it 's not like i 'm forcing anyone to adapt to me . 
  polish doctors are severely underpaid plus i believe he had a norwegian gf or something . 
  was a long time ago . 
  i 'm not making sweeping conclusions , just saying what it seems like based on what i know and i know a couple persons living there . 
  fair enough for the former , though i heard differing opinions on that . 
  as for the latter , i spoke for myself , not the persons that actually live there . 
  norwegian is useful if you live there but hardly if at all outside . 
  there is nothing entitled for considering norwegian inferior in use outside of norway to say , spanish or german , thats just a statement of number of users so its a major factor when deciding to learn a language or not . 
  for a roughly 5 million country there is just too few norwegian speakers worldwide and it 's just me hoping we eventually ditch languages for one or couple major european languages . 
  honestly if english ( or german ) was the dominant language in norway i 'd probably move there in a heartbeat . 
  your hostility just as soon i mentioned not wanting to learn the language ( not the first time i meet this reaction ) kind of shows why i wo n't move there . 
  i 'm closer to canada in that regard . 
  you might 've misunderstood . 
  there is a high standard for quality and competition , this i do not doubt , but i referred more to individualism and considering oneself different or better because of that . 
  you know , jante 's law and all that . 
  as for the latter , yes and no . 
  norway has plenty foreigners and unlike other countries its language is not very useful outside of norway . 
  integrating is fine but learning the language seems like too much to bother . 
  honestly i heard several stories of people being overqualified working simple jobs in norway ( there even was a documentary in poland about a certified doctor being a taxi driver in norway because norwaegian hospitals would not employ him even if he lived 10 years and knows the language ) . 
  maybe it changed , that 'd be good news . 
  i love norway . 
  the only thing it is missing from it being my perfect country is a bit more internationalization ( ie less emphasis on needing to be norwegian/know norwegian to get good work and career progression ) and be open to individualism/people trying to excel . 
  ( too much emphasis on everyone being equal ), 
  i do n't think that 's how it is used . 
  the last good couple times i heard the term multiculturalism was in a negative view . 
  russian tatars , not russians . 
  im sure they will fit in well with all the openly transexual and homosexual representatives . 
  cant wait to bring out my popcorn to see both teasing each other . 
  multiculturalism did n't ever bother anyone . 
  just combinations of sharia law like-brought up muslims . 
  russian and eastern european tatars assimilate and integrate just fine . 
  having a res [ +5 ] next to both of your names makes me kind of proud . 
  a steep increase in wages by babies is a terrible , very circle-around way of doing it . 
  500 + mostly increases debt while hardly increasing growth . 
  * first * you increase wages , then you have babies as people feel safe to invest , not vice versa so you have more barganing power for those wages . 
  the ideal and pointing out the problem is right , just the solution , its efficiency and the size of the spending to solve it is what i question . 
  that said i would like to be proven wrong on empirical data showing it yielded effects . 
  so far all i see is us further barrelling back into debt po has paid off . 
  realistically however , chances are they wo n't have much to come back to ( or want to come back to ) , especially if assad wins . 
  there is regulation and taxation which are enforced by the state but that 's not a socialist concept on its own , that 's just matter of state . 
  i think you might be forgetting that most socialist policies are meant to be incentives and deterrents rather than strict laws . 
  pis being humble ? 
  yeah , not happening . 
  the pope is oddly the most leftist pope ever . 
  this makes me happy . 
  being in cracow , it felt a bit like a global village here for the week . 
  yeah , to an austrian-style economist any regulation is force . 
  socialism does n't force people to do things ; the intent may be that of activization but forcing someone to do so is authoritarian ( up/down ) , not socialist/capitalist ( left/right ) . 
  workfare by definition of left/right is both , since its government intervention justified by capitalist ideal of working for it . 
  do n't jinx it . 
  africans swarming from both south and the north !, 
  we 're being caught in a pincer move !, 
  ahhhhh !, 
  c'mon , decent pope true to christian ideals for once , people would be so pissed if something had happened to him . 
  it 'd sooner become turkish than swedish . 
  like seriously , energy from trash , heating from body warmth . 
  what 's next , recycled food from feces ? 
  was n't gadaffi being a fan of a pan-arab state the only reason why he was for the region ? 
  for a country right outside germany with still plenty of room to catch up ; our aspirations are n't to be the best from communist bloc but to compete with the west on equal terms . 
  right now we yield an avg 1 % ~ gdp growth per quarter which is little compared to the same rate of other countries with economies relatively twice the size compared to the 4-7 % growth we had only 10 years ago . 
  our fdi was also significantly larger and has only slowed down since then . 
  not saying things are actually worse , only that our growth stagnated though admittedly that 's also because of a number of positive factors like dropping unemployment from 20 % to 7 % or inflation dropping from 4 % to sub 1 % . 
  not bitching as much as saying it brushed off of us too while not having any migrants . 
  math please . 
  static standards are not due to migrants though , that 's been the case all around the modern world . 
  sounds about right , thanks , 
  thought of slavs in general . 
  yeah , nevermind , ca n't find a good equivalent . 
  yay , greece !, 
  could i have some context on how was this achieved ? 
  i thought the severe austerity policies would have only stifled growth . 
  it 's a relief to me that poles have this sort of reputation abroad . 
  hope it stays that way . 
  khajits are more akin to vietnamese irl , its them that love to create those little shopping corners with export/secondhand clothing . 
  that or roma people with their non-sedentary lifestyle . 
  polish would be closest to bosmers probably . 
  honestly that 's what the government said the last few wars/interventions . 
  hopefully not . 
  there 's many countries in need of ousting dictators but it 's not america 's duty to aid them , especially as the last time backfired with creation of isis .
