  perhaps that 's the case now , but that does not mean such ambitions are unrealistic . 
  we live in a democratic europe , not a corporate europe . 
  people 's votes matter , not their money . 
  there 's little movement for eu cooperation , much less eu unification . 
  what ideals does eu promote ? 
  the fact the answer is not common and not widely known leads to low fervor and low engagement . 
  nationalist ideologies may full of vitriol , bigotry and ignorance but they rally people behind symbols , ideals and by the very least a sense of community . 
  eu has none of those things as of yet . 
  comparing poland to a country of 3 times smaller population is rather dubious . 
  another downvote because you simply disagree ? 
  that 's like , your opinion , man . 
  i mean i 'm sure we 're somewhere on par importance wise with spain at least . 
  wish it was us instead but we 're stuck with populist right wing conservatives who love to make victims of themselves rather than work for a strong eu position :(, 
  man iceland is my favourite this euro . 
  small country with little football infrastructure , few people to even choose the team from , few funds and 9 % of country population cheering on the stadiums . 
  just glorious . 
  the thing with direct democracy is that people are taught from young age to be engaged and learn about politics so they make informed decision . 
  it has to be a long term dedication , not just strike a referendum . 
  regardless of type of democracy , democracy is worth as much as people 's investment in it . 
  was . 
  unfortunately . 
  for all the criticism of pro-eu peoples i do n't think there 's equivalent to the above . 
  douchebaggery , racism , xenophobia and such should be brought to attention and frowned upon . 
  do n't need to be mean . 
  euro 2016 is after all an european event . 
  wedel is actually best polish standards wise ( though not the commercial ones ) , you may also try wawel . 
  personally i 'm actually fond of swiss lindt or german nussbeisser or schogetten :d, 
  what americans have is really not chocolate . 
  10 % cocoa is fat and sugar with a tint of cocoa , not chocolate . 
  milka is decent but there 's better ones if you can believe that . 
  it 'd probably go with p\u0105czki , kie\u0142basa , zapiekanka , makowiec or bigos . 
  or damn just plain vodka/beer if you do n't feel like making an effort . 
  i do n't think that 's the polish type . 
  that 's what you identify polish cuisine with ? ... 
  really ? 
  actually , there was a decrease of religiosity in poland 's 50s due to communist crackdown , followed by an increase as resistance to the regime grew and is falling against since fall of communism and death of john paul ii . 
  as for social cohesion , depends on your definition . 
  what makes for identity , tradition and national pride is muddying generation by generation when it comes to europe . 
  its not that culture is being forgotten , its just stopping being important or a defining characteristic . 
  urban poles are far less religious , but bear in mind a large portion of poles come from far more conservative and religious countryside . 
  also , poland b ( ie mostly eastern poland ) is far more religious on average . 
  perception skews greatly in urbanized western cities . 
  i think it 's just meant to be less making what he says comedy material and more about making the underlying heavy and serious material and issues easier to digest by the general public . 
  well , in theory , only profitable and skilled jobs would remain , so that would hardly be a problem as they 'd get way more than 1000 for their work . 
  a larger problem would be the grey area employment in that case for the remaining secondary market jobs . 
  in a sense this already exists in form of minimum wage and somehow nothing collapsed . 
  maybe or maybe the employers would pay a productivity-based wage for him/her . 
  wages hardly moved compared to productivity last few years . 
  i did n't say i fully support ubi , i merely said it 's not that unrealistic to finance . 
  eh , i see your point , but in a sense no news are truly objective and unbiased , else they would n't be popular among their reader base . 
  just because one is overtly biased does n't make it a point to dismiss , much like not being so does n't make it a point to believe them fully . 
  again , i 'd like to see the proof behind that . 
  i keep scanning the article and i do n't see a problem . 
  it 's not about what i find interesting , it 's just that i do n't believe you can make a balanced point without consideration of biased ones . 
  the reason is to make a balanced pov , but i 'm repeating myself . 
  then you say why they are bad by point out their mistakes , lies and biases , instead of just dismissing it as `` biased article , cya '' . 
  i see little to be criticized in the article , substance wise . 
  can you point them out ? 
  and that 's what i 'm criticizing . 
  you do n't make a balanced point of view by third party sources . 
  you need to collect your point by seeing the involved parties ' points of view as well . 
  skepticism is one thing , dismissal is another entirely . 
  if you find some facts biased or outright wrong then you point them out , not just flat out reject the entire article based on motives . 
  that 's just a lazy approach . 
  yes but what i mean is , it 'd cover for minimum wage too . 
  no , that 's not critique , that 's dismissal . 
  sure , it 's a biased source , but even biased sources can make fair points if they 're well proof/source-backed . 
  and this one is , it backs its claims by proper sources . 
  ( un , european institutions ), 
  nice critique of article contents , yay ^ ^ / s, 
  yes , again , labor mobility yields higher growth . 
  it 's significantly higher in europe so there 's that . 
  ubi assumes the secondary market jobs just wo n't replenish this time . 
  ubi is not a solution for * now * , it 's a solution for a country where this problem would exist imho ; scandinavian states are closest to that iirc . 
  it is radical when you assume the usual mentality towards money and jobs ; if jobs would be considered less a life-sustaining condition and more like an investment , it would be easier to swallow for a society . 
  us has low growth , with florida being on top with a 4.7 % growth , which is fairly low considering the increase in population . 
  other countries do n't seem to track that statistic as much . 
  there 's little statistics on the subject , but i did find this little source : http://www.ilo.org/wcmsp5/groups/public/---dgreports/---dcomm/---publ/documents/publication/wcms_202326.pdf from my understanding , job growth depends a lot on availability of part-time and secondary market jobs . 
  there 's more labor mobility so that creates better conditions . 
  actual jobs creation are very much in stagnation though . 
  a bit more focus on crisis effects , i would like to see a better source . 
  iirc ubi would be paid to every non-working adult ( non-adults would create some very abusive families ) , since ubi would be paid off by the employer , thus reducing the cost . 
  still high , but sustainable with that in mind . 
  fact ? 
  fair prognosis , assumption , good enough though . 
  it 's a bit difficult to speak about something 50 years ahead . 
  employment creation merely halted right now ( as opposed to growth in the last years ) and if the trend continues we * will * have less jobs . 
  it 's a bit brave to assume however that no factor will occur during these years to counterreact that as it did in past times when something like this occurred . 
  [ this good enough ? 
  ] ( https://www.technologyreview.com/s/515926/how-technology-is-destroying-jobs/ ), 
  well , i 'd consider it , if you stopped trying to claim its discovery . 
  it 's a polish invention dammit . 
  unlike industrial era , the current automization creates less jobs , not more . 
  a natural high ( for today 's standards , roughly ~ 20-30 % ) unemployment is in foreseeable future unless something extraordinary happens to fill that void , not likely though . 
  giving a living to those people will become a large problem and ubi is just one of solutions . 
  short-term inflation , yes . 
  later on the money would only rotate . 
  not as much as one would think . 
  financing is n't the problem against all odds , assuming you scrap all other types of welfare and retirement funds and targetted subsidies which is a harsh move . 
  to be fair it 's just too risky to try on a larger scale if it 's not meant to be above a poverty wage .
