  - huge increase in labor costs with nothing to warrant them . 
  now that i covered it , i 'm kind of surprised to see lack of major infrastructure and other public services ( police , firefighters , etc ) reform references . 
  tl ; dr i think the program tries to save too many failed public systems when the approach could be cheaper and more efficient when mixed up with the private market . 
  too socialist , not liberal market-enough for me . 
  im unaware of loyalist support level in eritrea , but you may be right . 
  it 's not strictly about better/worse education , only that you should n't get an overwhelmingly better education if you pay for it . 
  it 's less about the quality but more about private education going against the ideals of inclusiveness . 
  people fear a system the likes of american schooling system where students are head deep in debt , too . 
  you did n't come off as combative , it 's all right . 
  personally i 'd like to see a threat of an enforced coup if human rights are not upheld - mind you , coup , not war - followed by one-time supervised democratic elections . 
  upholding human rights should be enforced by un and membership should depend on one 's fulfillment of them . 
  incorporation to ethiopia should be considered as well . 
  eh , but knowing life , russia or china would veto this , which is why i think un should be rebuilt first to include the premises of human rights protection . 
  i believe higher education should do just that , anything else is extra . 
  it should pay off , and no better to pay off than by teaching job skills . 
  as for the investments , i 'd have to come back to you later , my master 's awaits :p, 
  it 's never impossible . 
  human rights should be an enforced world standard , imo . 
  accepting them and integrating refugees is fine but one should not blame a country for being unable to do so , this should be purely voluntary . 
  i mean hourly minimum wage is fine but it has to be adjusted yearly to the current living wage . 
  let me rephrase - public industries are fine if they can compete on the market on market terms , imo . 
  private schools need not be exclusive , just because the schools are not state-owned does n't mean they 'll end up like the american ones if you have some laws in place to prevent that . 
  at the moment it 's clear public schools hardly teach skills relevant to the market and private schools existence is paramount for both types of schools to update their curriculums . 
  polish schools create great generalists but no specialists , unless it 's a trade school . 
  by populist i meant that a few of the ideas speak of putting money for fancy goals that most people would like but without covering the base of how will that investment pay off or where the funds would come from . 
  working hours are directly connected to efficiency . 
  it 's duh that it works for scandinavia or france who are obsessed with quality , but our tools and methods of production are n't effective enough and the hours of work reflect that . 
  eh , for example i 'm more for a flexible living minimum wage , not a static minimum wage . 
  i do n't believe in public industries . 
  i also believe private schools should compete with public ones or replace them entirely should they be more efficient . 
  a lot of the tax ideas seem really populist ones , i do n't think i ever saw a country apply such huge taxes and new costs for corporations without ruining the economy . 
  we 've got issues attracting investors as is . 
  35 hour work week is a pipe dream at the moment . 
  a lot of public expenses that will not pay off like public tv . 
  just to name a few . 
  before reading this i thought i was anti-corporate , but these guys seem to hate their guts . 
  this really boils down to an ethics question - chances are those refugees will be forcefully conscripted into a 30 year army service or subjected to torture or forced labor . 
  should other countries like norway feel guilty for sending them towards that fairly certain fate ? 
  probably not . 
  but should the rest of the world fucking do something about a blatant human rights violating country ? 
  probably fucking yes . 
  glancing over the program , it feels like a lot of expenses but few realistic ideas . 
  i 'm a social liberal , so i 'm all for a social safety net , investments and incentives , but not babysitting and economic interventions and some of these ideas look really unfeasible at least economically . 
  man , i 'd so like to vote for a leftist party but all of them are either populists , old establishment post communists or farmers . 
  why ca n't we get a socialist/social liberal party the likes of the scandinavian ones ? 
  disagree that it exists ? 
  because it 's largely a mentality/traditions thing , it 's not much of a disagreement rather than saying the differences between the two `` polands '' are overstated and not that significant as the map might suggest . 
  you can always count on students to be the anti-establishment voters . 
  what can un or the world leaders profit from that ? 
  as did any non-right wing candidate in polish election history . 
  bloody german and russian occupation still affecting polish voting mentality tens of years after independence . 
  conservative . 
  czech republic also noted 2.8 % growth in this quarter largely from growth in manufacturing , so i assume a lot of it is growth in that region , ie south-western portion of poland ( which is close to czech republic ) where most of the heavy industry is . 
  just a theory i would like someone more knowledgeable to confirm . 
  so i 'm guessing it 's largely connected to the recent growth in czech republic ? 
  there 's just no way of getting by with a part time job in poland . 
  in my experience it 's just a full time job or an unpaid internship . 
  women also prefer full time jobs , independent women is a bit like our thing . 
  still this number is rather surprising . 
  that ... is actually an interesting perspective . 
  why would it anger you ? 
  not any time soon beyond maybe 10 % total no . 
  both po and pis are like that if they get a large majority vote ; they avoid conflicting issues and try to be as generalist as possible . 
  voters still do n't know all legislative power is in the parliament . 
  because he 's the least messed up , not because he 's any good , sadly . 
  komorowski is as mild , generalist , toned and pc in terms of political opinions as you can get among these candidates . 
  touche . 
  guess i 'm not voting at all then . 
  one should n't be taunted by korwinists . 
  guess we have the candidates we friggin deserve , fml . 
  hard to tell if that was the phrasing in which the matter was discussed , to be honest . 
  right . 
  got the words mixed up . 
  a ~ ~ transvestite ~ ~ transsexual , not a drag queen , but yes , that 's true . 
  was meant to be a symbol of his party 's progressiveness , turned into a bit of a joke in the media though . 
  better send weapons than people , i 'd say . 
  and if they need it and offer a good deal , i do n't see why not . 
  that said i do n't find the matter a vote-swaying issue . 
  not too early for a discussion . 
  left wing left a bitter taste in voters ' mouth after they squandered their rule in late 90s and early 00 's and created an impression they 're all nepotist , post-communist corrupt dbags . 
  since then only palikot has gained any traction from the left side , but even he lost a lot of support due to accusations of populism . 
  i 'd like a young , unrelated to the current left side candidate for a change . 
  ~ ~ i 'm actually voting for tanajno . 
  despite being a bit of a niche proposition with less than 1 % chance of winning , i 'd prefer anything over the conservative right and populist left , and after kukiz , the only pretty much independent candidate presumably left , that 's my fuck you to the current stale candidates . 
  direct democracy ideals are of course a big plus . ~ ~ edit : after digging a bit deeper into tanajno , guess i 'm not voting at all . 
  current left wing is kind of fucked : /, 
  spelt like that it could also mean `` no fucking way '' in polish lol . 
  norway and old cars does not compute . 
  it 's a gold mine of comedy . 
  one need n't look beyond the top comment . 
   socialism at its best . 
   `` you vill all like it . 
  ve are all norvegians from norvegia !, 
  but ve are not german . '', 
  neighboring fm stations in neighboring countries are going to have a field day with norwegian advertisers . 
   stupid is as stupid do . 
  way to discredit an initiative bro . 
  you really convinced those dirty socialists who 's boss . 
  well considering us debt and norway 's savings that 's a totally valid statement . 
  yeah .
