  i like to call this the `` noble carriage '' syndrome . 
  because cars were very connected to some feeling of standard of wealth unlike most countries , the polish connect to their cars as if they were noble carriages of medieval for nobles . 
  `` out of the way , plebs ! '', 
  gives you an idea . 
  call me a tin-foil conspiracy theorist here if you want but the phenomenon of middle class disappearing in all states ? 
  i feel that was its point . 
  people do n't think of ideology unless they 're either well off or too poor . 
  oh i 'm pretty sure ; adapting new productivity measures of whatever kind takes ages however and are rather still not too modern agriculture sector . 
  i doubt this decision is motivated by logic or reason ; it 's probably to protect domestic , non-gmo agriculture . 
  he never said he 's a libertarian , either . 
  only a liberal . 
  that 's not the point . 
  he could be putin for all i care , comments should be on topic and on the topic of what he said . 
  otherwise the comment is just spam . 
  it makes it not relevant to the discussion at hand . 
  i meant in terms of growth . 
  i do n't think media is sugercoating at least in my country . 
  mine is extra cautious and skeptical . 
  how is your statement at all relevant to the article ? 
  what did he lie about exactly in this article ? 
  onet.pl is leaking . 
  just curious why it is n't attracting any . 
  not a sub there , i have no idea if and why is that the case . 
  nobody 's going to stop you . 
  there are no rules on / r/anarchy . 
  you can just feel the disco permeating . 
  yet their economy is n't exactly booming . 
  to be fair most `` anarchists '' on that sub appear to be varying degrees of liberal , not actual anarchists . 
  i do n't think japan 's currently doing even that much . 
  you guys must be very busy as of recently . 
  i applaud you for that . 
  i 'm starting to think that 's intentional . 
  and / r/television are apparently undercover republicans . 
  thing is there 's a lot of negative consequences to be had if you stamp them as terrorists and nothing to lose and only to gain in their eyes if you go for the opposite . 
  caution is fine , but oliver 's piece referred to stuff like literally calling them trash or a media piece with muslims on a train with a title something along the lines of `` potential terrorists ? '', 
  give them a chance before shouting terrorists is all i 'm trying to say . 
  not quite . 
  it did spark severe religious unrest the scale of which is unprecedented when it came to muslim minorities though . 
  treating people like potential terrorists ( which is pretty much worse than both deceitful and an asshole ) really does not help promote better examples of behavior . 
  christianism is n't the counterpart of islamism . 
  the counterpart of islamism in practice would most likely be christian literalism . 
  i am not certain . 
  wish un had more authority to force their hand to stop their support or if they were otherwise maneuvered into pledging their support for the opposite side . 
  just wishing . 
  none , my point was n't for bulgaria in the first place , but for europe where refugees are actually settling . 
  i know and that 's precisely they should be made to do it . 
  no offense but it 's not like you have an economy to attract economic migrants in the first place and i 'm pretty sure syrians realize it . 
  polish is better and even on that they frown upon . 
  it 's probably because they do n't want to live in your country in the first place and just want to move on . 
  if they were to follow your immigration laws i doubt most of them would get through . 
  germans had issues with neonazis , communists and many other extremists . 
  they 're doing just fine and muslims are really not special in that regard . 
  they can handle it . 
  i said that in terms of christians in general ; you , bulgarians ( to my knowledge ) took no part in it but christians take responsibility for it , much like you appear to take syrians responsible for what turks did . 
  i tried not to tell you how to live your life . 
  merely suggested trying coexisting with the refugees rather than stamping them as terrorists is all . 
  i 'm basing that one on the fact that hundreds of thousands of muslims coexist with europeans in germany and other states just fine so far . 
  some states do it better and some do it worse ( like france ) . 
  i 'm sorry if you felt offended , balkan states history is really an unknown in most states besides a rather simple summary of `` ottomans took it after the greeks and some years later poof independence but o wait communism then independence '' . 
  by `` not knowing who terrorists are '' i did not mean isis . 
  i meant recognizing allies within muslim moderates and progressives/reformers . 
  i think this discussion derailed vastly from syrians and europe to turks/muslims and bulgaria and i do n't think that was the point . 
   my source is reason . 
  i suggested no such thing through that . 
  my reason is my own . 
  yes , you can stop them and prevent them , much like any other extremist groups . 
  ghettos are man-made and they can be avoided and dissolved , much like crime . 
  just because offenses are on a religious basis does not or at least should not make a state any less capable of dealing with them . 
  allow me to repeat . 
  they have the right to think those things and even speak out of those things within the purview of their free speech rights . 
  it is our right to deny them enforcing those views by force or otherwise unlawfully and it is our initiative to convince them of a better example by education or debate . 
  if you 're going to keep throwing insults i 'll consider this discussion as over . 
  my source is reason . 
  if they believed in those things that severely they 'd join isis or the taliban . 
  most of them just want a peaceful life and want a life free of religion so they choose europe ; those that prefer islam settled in the surrounding muslim states . 
  in addition they have the right to think those things and even speak out of those things within the purview of their free speech rights . 
  it is our right to deny them enforcing those views by force or otherwise unlawfully and it is our initiative to convince them of a better example by education or debate . 
  my views are based on reason . 
  you can convince , educate and you can integrate . 
  all those things work if you can try . 
  i did n't refer to the taliban ; i referred to liberal and reformist muslims . 
  what does n't ? 
  treating people like human beings ? 
  is that so unreasonable and optimistic ? 
  and we did crusades and tried to establish a christian state in a place with barely any christians . 
  bombing iraq , libya , afghanistan , even iran and putting in puppets so they can provide oil . 
  drones killing civilians , children . 
  there 's still ongoing wars between christians and muslims in africa today and i doubt most of those countries will recover in one lifetime . 
  turks are hardly the imperial tyrranical force they used to be and the whole matter is it 's not them you have an issue with right now - you deal with syrians and they bear no responsibility for what happened to your country - that 's between you and turkey . 
  hell turks took in most of the syrians as a result of the crisis so if anything you can thank them for that . 
  the moment we start noticing who the real terrorists are and which muslims are on our side is the moment we can take the fight to isis and other extremists . 
  as long as we keep isolating and treating muslims as potential terrorists so long will they be pushed towards the extremist hands and terrorists proven right . 
  could you do the same for the syria and people escaping isis ? 
  you can notice views vary wildly depending on state , education level and other factors - you may notice the level of islamist beliefs also falls in countries where muslims are a minority . 
  there 's a reason they 're escaping to europe and that 's not to spread sharia since that 's exactly the type of beliefs they 're trying to escape . 
  yes many harbor anti-democratic or anti-western values - but that does not make them missionaries or converts nor does closing borders or alienating them helps change their mind ; if anything they 'll be reinforced in that stance . 
  the laws in the countries they resided have little to no significant impact on what people believe or are . 
  for the most part there 's a reason they 're leaving . 
  we did no better . 
  hell i 'd argue we did worse ; we aided us 's bombings and military operations in so many muslim countries i 've lost count .
