  could be confused as technically ottoman empire was not `` turkey '' at the time . 
  think it 's more about the 1600s and ottoman empire invading vienna than modern times there . 
  why poland dislikes/hates russia ? 
  i dunno , maybe 123 years under your occupation followed by another 50 of communist puppetry would give you a hint that we might not be make best of friends afterwards . 
  same thing for balkan states and communist block states . 
  it 's like they 're oblivious . 
  thing is , most of those who believe are already shunned already and care little about ridicule ( unless they can do something about it , in which case they turn violent ) , while there 's plenty vulnerable and naive children ( or worse , adults ) that can be indoctrinated to such fanaticism and radicalism . 
  each one could lead to a life and death of a terrorist . 
  it 's a hug risk , even if very few get converted to their cause . 
  hence ridicule feels insufficient . 
  i feel europe lacks an ideology people could rally behind that could counterreact that . 
  slightly offtopic , i 'm curious what would be his answer to radical islam in western countries today . 
  for one denying them spreading their message is a slight to free speech and somewhat admitting defeat , ridicule does little to stop them at their tracks . 
  there 's only so little you can do to reason and debate with fanatics . 
  adopted . 
  sounds like the subjects in point all right . 
  words as sharp as paper cuts i see . 
  hm , fair point . 
  i suppose the simpler the solution the better and the harder it is to get around . 
  i do n't think those current legal repercussions are very effective given the scale of the funds currently held there . 
  true , but it 's a step to discredit the practice . 
  that said i 'm all for other means than the ones mentioned above . 
  you can not end tax havens as that 's encroaching on other countries ' sovereignty . 
  you can however ban countries from holding funds there if they do business in your country . 
  while this is aplaudable , it 's the banks that they should be going for first and foremost . 
  multiculturalism is n't * necessarily * parallel societies , it 's freedom to choose whether you want to or do n't want to abandon your roots and choose to adapt the culture you like . 
  parallel society implies the divide is enforced . 
  i do . 
  not because it 's the best party but it 's the only left party without ties to post communists and imo all parliaments need a left as a control factor if nothing else . 
  realistically speaking nowoczesna is more likely to win , but they sound too much like po 2.0 - i 'll believe it when i see it . 
  one term without any left in parliament and look how much got messed up . 
  for belgium it might be . 
  for us it 's still left , 
  for polish standards i am called a lewak ( leftie ) :d, 
  strange to hear that from bulgaria then . 
  all parliaments need a left , no matter what kind , to not allow the right for its abuses and vice versa . 
  balance is necessary . 
  some of razem 's ideas do n't appeal to me or make little sense to me but for polish standards it 's as good as it gets without ties to postcommunists . 
  yet another thing piss managed to fuck up . 
  greens are n't inherently left wing , they 're for sustainable development and globalization . 
  those overlap with the many left parties ' agendas but are n't quite in line when it regards how to achieve it imo . 
  there 's nothing wrong with willkommenskultur as such , there 's something wrong with uncontrolled immigration , lack of integration and allowing for wahhabism/salafism to spread . 
  we need a reasonable left , one that does n't just throw the rich into the gutter , put the country further in debt , ditches the concept of national identity , implement social policies not in the name of populism but rather pragmatism and progressiveness and actually invest well into modern industries and initiatives . 
  i guess our mainstreams differ . 
  tis saddening the actual peaceful religions never had the right to spread due to actually being peaceful and not by conquest . 
  sikhs are the most tame from my experience . 
  i am yet to see reddit speak a bad word about them . 
  what i find funny is that proportionally you 'll find more people concerned for sweden outside of it than actually living in it . 
  such is my impression at least . 
  yeah , all we need to breathe is glorious coal !, 
  but if it 's not stored how would it be used outside of the country of court edict ? 
  my apologies if i 'm misunderstanding . 
  article says nothing about storage , but flow of it . 
  from my understanding there 's no point in storing information you wo n't use/show . 
  unless you imply google 's purpose is to store information for some other reason ? 
  i only report what i saw . 
  that 's the appeal point argued here ; that a french court edict on right to be forgotten should not extend to non-french google users for the same person/content . 
  there 's a fine line between privacy of individuals and information authoritarian/corrupt governments would want hidden from the public . 
  can you name a case where privacy of one 's individual extends beyond his home country 's borders , much less globally ? 
  the latter refers far more to abuse cases and on the off chance it * does n't * , laws of different countries apply and one individual may seek right to be forgotten in more than one country 's court . 
  there is no reason whatsoever for one 's right to be forgotten extend globally . 
  they 're pretty inventive . 
  new stadiums end up being machete and molotov fights if the clubs are right . 
  rightfully so . 
  global right to be forgotten makes no sense . 
  short translation - bus homemade bomb with nails , 1 person wounded , presumed connection not to any terrorist threat but most likely to recent protests of football hooligans the past few days . 
  the latter is due to a person that died in police custody which sparked violence in vendetta . 
  well , there used to be but not any longer . 
  i wouldnt put it past uk . 
  in my eyes they 're a subtler version of the establishment owned enforcement of us . 
  not that i do n't believe you but have you any proof to this claim ? 
  just a connotation with roma people . 
  swedish positive attitude is surprising , though . 
  here in poland they get a lot of envious/mocking `` just wait , their socialisms and their society will collapse aaaaaany time now '' lines from our right . 
  i was pretty certain poland is among the masters of tea right behind india and uk . 
  given the level of rationality of the current party on most issues , it 's not unwise to consider the opposition to ttip almost a flash of intellect , if not just a fortunate coincidence . 
  all right , i can take that . 
  i apologize i knee jerk reaction , thought you 're just an oblivious libertarian . 
  tax hells are fortunately only problems to the countries concerned , not the whole world like it is in the case of tax havens . 
  my point exactly . 
  the international powers should ban tax havens but we all know this wo n't happen ; the rich storing their money there are holding the reins and would n't let that happens . 
  like what ? 
  high taxes do n't make a nation a tax hell , only if there 's too many types of taxes , the tax system is too complicated and it takes too long bureaucracy wise to pay for them . 
  if you 're thinking of scandinavia you might be very mistaken . 
  i 'd say they 're derivative . 
  skinheads are more far right/nazi inclined while dresy are more football club inclined , but those terms are not exclusive and often go hand in hand . 
  yep . 
  slavic-wide stereotype . 
  minor , they usually tend to little marketplaces and sell cheap asian clothing . 
  i can say poland is a great place to visit , not the best place to live in . 
  as a black man i would stick to major tourist destinations , skinheads ( or as we call them , tracksuitmen , dresy ) do n't feel like they need a big excuse to pick a fight with a black man . 
   are n't most of your migrants europeans , too ? 
  iirc a lot of ukranians and belarussians ( spelling ? ), 
  have come to poland lately . 
  so visually , there is n't much difference , meaning someone non-white would stand out even more . 
  we have a lot of chinese students but otherwise most of them are germans and ukrainians . 
  being a black man gets people to unpolitely stare . 
  nah , swastikas are totally kawaii these days . 
  something like that , yes . 
  much like blondes are very attractive in latino and african countries .
