  i think people should devise a more specific split of socialist definitions ... 
  corrupt communism as a puppet state you mean . 
  democratic socialism is n't socialism ? 
  then why do you think people call it socialism ? 
  people really like to take the socialism label off things . 
  it feels like semantics at this point , smh . 
  i prefer to think that you should n't assume what people are like and just implement whatever works best for everyone involved . 
  all practice however shows if given the chance , people are selfish , shortsighted and invest inaccurately ; while millions struggle to make do , a couple percent use money like toilet paper or worse . 
  even if not selfish , people misuse their money on a daily basis and have limited knowledge and understanding that their tax dollars could help a child miles away . 
  charity solves little in the way of permanent solutions and investments based on profit are just that - companies seeking profit , not everyone 's welfare . 
  had it been otherwise , the so called trickle-down economics would work , ceo 's would n't be earning millions more than a common employee and corporations would n't hold democracy hostage . 
  in contrast , if you help rid people of their basic issues ( housing , food , healthcare etc ) - guess what they do ? 
  they start thinking outwards , towards the community and towards helping the other man . 
  the whole point is to set an example and promote behaviors . 
  i really do not want to discuss the taxes = stealing point though , i 'm sure google has enough material to answer that topic for you . 
  again , you 're misinterpreting socialism as a closed planned economy , which is an outdated interpretation of socialism . 
  a social safety net , welfare for those who need it - those and more are all fruits of socialism and especially sweden , norway , germany ( to some point ) and canada are their leaders . 
  it 's called a [ nordic model . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_model ), 
  it is noble to donate the excess of one 's labors fruits to the one more in need who could do more with it . 
  just imagine how many thousands malnourished kids be educated , housed and fed if you sold just * one * of those ferraris that eventually work for the very man you took it from and be able to engage themselves in the economy instead of being written off and abandoned . 
  capitalism is based on greed and self-interest and socialism is based on selflessness , empathy and sharing . 
  it 's no more stealing than any other type of taxation . 
  half of these nations are socialist , just saying . 
  peaceful ? 
  like america you mean , the most warlike nation on earth ? 
  yeah , ok . you go , troll . 
  assuming you 're american by the flair , socialism in practice has been honed over half a century and is nothing like socialism of the past you vilify so . 
  the point is to strive towards a noble ideal . 
  capitalism is n't one . 
  to improve and make a noble ideal work better is a matter of trial and error . 
  i was n't sarcastic , 
  you would have a feeling that at least * some * taxes go to people that need it . 
  and this my friends is why socialism makes sense . 
  that 's actually the official propaganda , that nato is `` choking '' and `` converging upon '' russia . 
  i found the article overly optimistic . 
  indeed , while russians support putin nothing will truly change and the economic hardship can always be used to consolidate political power . 
  poland 's got a conspiracy theory that russians pulled down the smolensk plane with the president and a lot of officials with a magnet on the ground or/and disrupted its navigation system or/and just straight up shot it down . 
  the official version is that the plane hit a tree trying to descend on the way down . 
  that you find it important is already a lot , a country like brazil is a lot less strict on efficiency , like most latin countries . 
  i do n't know how you would go around preventing that and what choice you actually have that is n't closing your borders or making your country outright unattractive to live in . 
  really ? 
  copyright issues ? 
  i think no japanese nor koreans actually dispute that , they 're just all too deep in it to stop . 
  europe loves its secondary market labor and young people taxes so the old have decent rent . 
  hard to think of religious , cultural or alike implications with that in mind . 
  there 's little countries can do besides closing borders and implementing a long term integration plan for current migrants . 
  as a leftist i 'd like to hear a more reasonable solution to the african refugee/migrant problem . 
  i feel like an intervention would undermine big business interests there and that 's the main reason no real direct action was made against the countries involved . 
  and a statement he can hardly enforce nor fulfill . 
  the president has hardly any executive power in poland and serves mostly as a representative figure with a veto option . 
  empty promises imo . 
  yay , spain ^ _ ^, 
  i would n't generalize . 
  is n't that basically modern colonialism ? 
  those are , against all appearances , not necessarily exclusive terms . 
  do n't mind me , i 'm a bit of an euroskeptic , i did n't base that feeling on anything concrete , just the threats being thrown both ways . 
  surprising given eu is closer to breaking apart over greece than uniting over such a divisive issue as taxes . 
  i fail to see why people are so excited , then . 
  could anyone provide me some pros and cons breakdown for eu ? 
  would this increase current taxes ? 
  would this reduce the member states sovereignty ? 
  who would regulate the taxes ? 
  so who 's composing for most of the strikers in each respective `` high-scoring '' country ? 
  what political activities do ngo 's pursue ? 
  i mean , is n't this against the definition of ngo ? 
  this is a real slippery slope you know . 
  i can understand accusations of espionage for matters of investigation , but this is just a way to unable ngo 's to talk against the government . 
  that sounds just a wee bit paranoid . 
  it almost makes it sound like science is funded by terrorists or something . 
  its most likely a reference to eddie izzard 's stand-up . 
  look it up . 
  flags , that 's how british roll . 
  stick a flag in !, 
  well i do n't see anyone else that insistent on colourful clothes . 
  that 's said towards everyone though , not just gays . 
  we 're kind of like scandinavian countries in that regard i noticed , none too fond of people thinking they 're `` special '' . 
  like datmmhoe said , i do n't think a common frenchman lives with dreyfus or its dubious legacy in their mind . 
  i was thinking poland 's neighbours to the west ( e.g. 
  germany , czechs ) who do n't have full marriages legalized , only partnerships . 
  germany is `` western '' to us poles , my bad for being unclear . 
  france next to poland used to be a jewish asylums so i 'm not sure what french discrimination you 're referring to . 
  duly noted . 
  considering recent developments in us , once eurozone issues blow over it 'll likely be legalized in western countries fully , eastern europe to follow up . 
  poland might be the or one of the last to legalize but it will happen . 
  i never heard such a sentence , if anything i saw people reject the flamboyant nature of stereotypical gays . 
  yeah ? 
  like i said , most post-communist countries . 
  that 's the case for most post-communist central-eastern countries . 
  obviously it wo n't happen soon . 
  but we 'll follow if the rest of europe does , 100 % . 
  it 's just not an issue because it 's not something media are interested in and it 's political suicide for the moment . 
  on a side note , the senate is artificial , imo . 
  if people will make it a voting issue it 'll pass , no problem at all . 
  they got ta have someone to blame for the smaller oil prices . 
  you take that back . 
  we do have our `` catholand '' but besides a few overly enthusiastic football `` fans '' nobody would lay a hand on gays . 
  the young are pro-western while the old are too old to give a damn . 
  it is polish mentality to not like anyone who stands out , but we 'll likely join the tide of lgbt legalization once the west does it . 
  eurosceptic/nationalist conservatism maybe , not so much the christian sort .
