i do n't really understand what 's wrong in limiting immigration and why other eu countries insist on not doing that so much ? 
  uk is over capacity and hell i can understand that even being polish . 
  whataboutism is generally a way to dodge hypocrisy accusations though :p , was merely a joke , 
  russia is suffering from overextension . 
  it 's funny how you 're using whataboutism against russia :p, 
  that 's actually good to know , 
  you can rate it as the country 's fear of immigrants . 
  people are literally in a phobia that we might get `` overwhelmed '' by muslims like germany or uk . 
  as a polish guy it 's hilarious how we love to exaggerate on our plights :p, 
  plus leaving the church is a drag and nobody really asks you in the statistics office for that ; they just assume you are christian based on baptism . 
  being polish , i know literally nothing about bulgaria except that i heard rightists with pre wwii notions are getting popularity . 
  big mirrors and fluorescent lights so you got a good look at the fattie you became , i guess . 
  it 's polskie stronnictwo ludowe , which literally means polish people 's party . 
  while i like the nordic model , the left-leaning politics of eu are not really my style ( due to the magnitude of bureaucracy for the level of investment and actual incentive , plus the monetary union really stagnated the economy all-round ) ; i feel like it should be up to the country to decide for itself whether it prefers to be more right or left-winged . 
  likewise , uncontrolled immigration is not in any country 's best interests . 
  i thought that 's outdated and the phrasing sounded like something new originated from us . 
  what 's there to defend ? 
  you could make an argument for southern and eastern european countries but i see none for uk . 
  polish humour ? 
  as a polish guy i 'd like to hear more , because i did n't think that was a thing . 
  i believe this accounts for chechens and the homosexuals . 
  i think they 'd have a lot more luck in other european countries than us ( that legalized it ) . 
  belarus are probably the closest to russia , politically wise , but the people are much more opposed to the regime and aware of the dictatorship 's crimes and flaws , as far as i know . 
  the support for the opposition 's been merely apathetic . 
  no but there are polish speaking german sorbs based on this map . 
  that sorb polish minority . 
  poland , czechs and slovaks ? 
  i know we did have a bit of slovakia and slovak ukraine at the time and that we held half of czechs in 1000s but entirety of both czech and slovak lands ? 
  no i do n't think that ever happened . 
  eu is very germany-centric so that 's an issue all of its own . 
  germany is split between eu interests and its own and so far the latter are winning so that 's a problem to be solved eventually . 
  i do n't think poland would necessarily be more vulnerable by working on a deeper level of eu cooperation than looking into us aid on the side , backhandedly , as if mistrusting of eu . 
  there 's a lot for russia to gain in its pre-ussr states so it has deep influence over them ; russia never had anything to gain of poland other than it already did - ie the kaliningrad oblast . 
  still , i am proud of poland that its first to aid eastern europe when russia is stomping around its neighbours feet . 
  what do you mean what about infanticide ? 
  you mean to suggest low abortion rates translate into higher infanticide rates ? 
  i do n't think it works like that , not significantly anyway . 
  recently the polish parliament discussed passing an absolute ban on abortion and yes that would mean limiting abortion from emergency-only to none in any circumstance . 
  disgusting if you ask me . 
  i do n't see how those are exclusive . 
  i believe we should stop treating the two as one or the other . 
  sure , they 're refugees , but they 're economic migrants as well . 
  otherwise they would not intend to stay permanently in countries way further than outside syria 's warzone . 
  fair enough , i probably should have elaborated . 
  i do n't think poland needs a deterrent from us though , we got eu to cover for us ( if not , they should , that 's what they 're for ) ; we have n't the money nor the scale to invest in military the same way us does . 
  if anything we need economic development aid and we can not have that without something as basic as visas . 
  even now it sums for only 2.6 % of polish exports and 2.4 % imports . 
  i think poles are just kind of tired of licking us 's ass for something we could do on our own and allies in our immediate surroundings . 
  maybe i 'm paranoid on that part but i believe we put ourselves more in danger than safety by allying ourselves to us on its pursuit against terrorism . 
  being used as a buffer/tool against russia also does n't feel nice . 
  do n't really like what 's going on to us 's `` democracy '' as of recent years either and would be saddened if that kind of corpocracy reached poland . 
  that 's just imo . 
  eh , besides constantinople/instanbul , rhodes and cyprus ( if you consider that as part of turkey ) there 's just not a lot of interesting tourist destinations or such is the consensus . 
  i mean the hotels are probably nice but there 's no places to visit or get some fancy photos at . 
  the common view is that it 's just istanbul and theeere 's some mountains over there . 
  or maybe the reason is simpler and it 's all just matter of pricing . 
  claimed insufficient , almost one-sided , proportionally . 
  3 syllables . 
  come on . 
  you can do way worse . 
  that 's because - imo - us considers poland an anti-russian/nato buffer . 
  it should be a given , not a fruit of diplomacy . 
  for clarity , reinforcements when ? 
  better than poland at least :p, 
  i wo n't go into such details ; after all israel is a tool of us to have a permanent foothold in the middle east , so the latter uses that state of fact . 
  i believe it 's just an unbiased comparison of all states , amount of diplomatic favors and interaction , alliances and aid . 
  i believe poland went with us to every single recent war conflict asking nothing in exchange ... and all we asked for ever were visas and we did n't get even that . 
  is n't that like the same thing :p ? 
  those are surnames , not names :p, 
  poles sadly do n't take into the positive aspects of commonwealth legacy . 
  egypt is a tourist destination . 
  = chill . 
  turkey is overflowing germany = fear of being `` swarmed by muslims '' . 
  we meet no egyptians other than salesmen and hotel service . 
  really , portugal to a common pole is just `` that country next to spain that 's good at football . '', 
  its the lack of common border . 
  we just stopped talking to each other since then :(, 
  its polish stereotypical opinion of other nations in positive negative scale . 
  we share common history so we chill . 
  same . 
  we just rarely use the latter term . 
  yeah u and finland are just some wastelands on the way to sweden and norway , lol . 
  polish names are n't that long ... or is that the joke ? 
  its anti-muslim sentiment . 
  islamophobia is big after what 's going on in germany . 
  most connotated turks with arabs ( i know ) and terrorists and fundamentalists ( yeah i know :( ), 
  its not negative . 
  its insufficient data . 
  common anti kebab sentiment i imagine . 
  americans are more known , so you just kinda hide in their shadow . 
  most poles ca n't distinguish the two nationalities . 
  the anti kebab sebtiment is strong . 
  i for one do n't mind but most poles image of a turk is that of either a terrorist or a fundamentalist . 
  hungary dropped since we no longer share a border . 
  czechs on the other hand are like lost bros , i still think it 's a historical miracle poland , czechs and slovaks did n't shape into one country . 
  because most that visit are obnoxious tourists who do n't know how to behave and treat our country like an outlet for fucking and getting drunk . 
  no offense . 
  brazilian booty . 
  we love it . 
  because we 're us 's most loyal ally after israel and we got nothing to show for it .
