  people should determine who they are on their own to be happy , regardless if its gender , sexuality , character or looks . 
  i 'd leave that bit out of elementary schools though , that 's more high school material when teenagers actually grow into knowing who they want to be and deal with this kind of thing . 
  just because you disagree with their methods does n't mean they do n't achieve their purpose in other states . 
  i realize its difficult to imagine in poland seeing as we 're a democracy only 25sh years but i can definitely see it working as we can do the same or better without making the mistakes e.g. 
  sweden did with uncontrolled migration for instance . 
  not myself , to be frank , but i do know people that did . 
  it 's not pretty . 
  that 's my stance as well . 
  abortion should be legal , period . 
  its no interest of the state what a woman does with her body at any point of her life ; it is its interest if a child * is * born . 
  i do not wish to force it ; like i said i do n't mind people disagreeing , but they are not in the position to be the decisive voices in the matter - women whom this matter pertains to are and women alone . 
  by what right can you dare to force women to bear birth ? 
  would you do it ? 
  contraceptives are n't reliable , none are . 
  you can do a lot to help either prevent pregnancy or help an unwanted child , but looking after what 's inside a woman 's vagina should be of no interest but the woman involved and her doctor . 
  razem is only but rehashing ideas that worked out in scandinavian states . 
  for polish standards they are crazy but i 'd take scandinavian crazy issues over catholiban crazy issues any day . 
  75 % taxes on 1mil + income ( was it ? ), 
  seem crazy but that 's just heavy incentive to invest rather than accumulate capital . 
  its just a way of saying if you earn more than that you owe it more to the state that allowed you for such an expansion . 
  i 've no clue , but what i 'm saying is those satanists do n't exist or are n't legal ; satanists like those you speak of are mostly either in jail or in mental wards . 
  there are multiple reason , science , humanist , atheist and libertarian values movements . 
  it 's not `` fun '' per se but those are often worthy causes . 
  accept ? 
  tolerate ? 
  yes . 
  it 's not a matter of rightness , it 's a matter of not forcing your views on others and their bodies unless you are willing to take responsibility for them in full , especially if both the mother and the fetus dies as a result of such an inane legislation . 
  not sure if russia ( kaliningrad oblast ) also does n't allow for it , speaking of closer . 
  satanists are actually quite chill . 
  you 're thinking of satanists in stereotypes ; satanists are humanists , hedonists and pro-reason/science on many points . 
  they cross the line only when they support vigilantism and self-exercised ~ ~ justice ~ ~ revenge and go overboard on privacy . 
  they 're like anti-catholic dogma libertarians pretty much ; opposing , ** not ** the opposite . 
  and you heard that where exactly ? 
  as shitty as our current government is it did not come up with the legislation . 
  those 39 % that are against abortion of birth defect children - they clearly do not know what its like to raise such a child . 
  germany is the more popular choice . 
  not sure about pricing but the quality of service is undeniably higher . 
  my apologies , but ... sofa party ? 
  they 're like the only one representing the left in poland properly at the moment as far as european standards go . 
  regardless if you agree or disagree , it is a mother 's and her doctor 's decision and conscience , not the state 's bureaucrats . 
  unless you are eager to adopt those children ? 
  there are issues as it is with that , and conservatives barring the only demographic willing to adopt them - homosexual pairs - are not helping . 
  what tusk wants is the opposite of what you said - it is the lack of consideration for national interest that led to populism and germany dictating rest of europe ; it appears to me that juncker is just anxious that this would lead to disunity with every country pushing their own bureaucratic/populist agenda which is a fair concern . 
  there is a need for common european goals and stances , however the decisions need to be inclusive rather than serving the wills of the strongest states . 
  he 's a 1800s laissez faire libertarian conservative hybrid ... that 's also a monarchist . 
  interesting case of tenacity of views ( got ta give him that ) and while his diagnosis of economy is often correct , his solutions i find rather insane . 
  his social views and views on democracy , him being an absolute chauvinist authoritarian and his relations with the media i leave with no comment . 
  it 's like pi\u0142sudski had a long lost brother that travelled a century forward . 
  young people are no better either , voting for korwin or kukiz ( both far right populist/heavily conservative as far as europe goes ) . 
  all of the left-leaning poles seemed to have migrated . 
  so ... damned if you integrate , damned if you do n't ? 
  that polandball cheeky fucker . 
  well , that 's your problem then ; derailing a discussion on an unrelated topic with assumptions and opinions that have no matching with eu stances or reality . 
  have a nice day . 
  what `` everyone '' ? 
  it 's neither in the comments nor the article . 
  you make a lot of blatant assumptions without backing and keep insulting to the point its difficult to take what you 're saying remotely seriously , much less discuss in a civilized manner . 
  not sure if troll . 
  us sends most of its foreign subsidies to saudi arabia and israel - good job on keeping `` security '' there , keep it up . 
  eu never needed us 's help past eu 's establishment and most of it is done purely out of alliance gesture . 
  i do n't see how being a military powerhouse ( at the cost of citizen welfare might i add ) makes us a prime example of government or economic model for any eu country much less eu ; there is literally no connection . 
  if anything its a negative one , what with the hypocritical oligarchy masquerading as `` democracy '' . 
  you are generalizing eu as a continent and assume each country within it has same issues as well as ideas which makes * you * sound pretentious . 
  just because you are the world 's policeman does n't make you an authority or an example on anything else . 
  yeah because usa is such a great example for eu to take inspiration from right ? 
  its 26 pages buddy , half of it citations/sources . 
  surely you can read . 
  that 's a reality show i could watch . 
  terrible idea , that would help segregation and lack of integration . 
  chances are they wo n't even find a job there either . 
  red is from all the swelling pregnant bellies and blue is from all the blue balls obviously . 
  to be fair as far as east germany goes only berlin matches growth wise . 
  that 's nothing . 
  visit poland , we put ketchup on everything . 
  honestly all pizzerias i visited laid their tomato sauce very thinly to the point you do n't taste the sauce while those that did n't do so thinly made the pizza moist ( eww ) . 
  i much prefer a sauce on top of a crisp pizza thank you very much . 
  as is tradition . 
  ca n't blame him , what would you do ? 
  a lot of treaties were in vienna . 
  i admit its difficult to separate the two as for the most part the connection to the religion yielded many of the cultural tenets , so i do n't blame people for wanting to reject it all together . 
  i do n't think anyone is bothered by culture . 
  i think people are more bothered by aspects of islamic faith incompatible with western culture . 
  i 'd prefer the latter ones honestly . 
  it is most certainly odd having turks as the only allies against saudi influence with them being majorly erdogan-supporting at the same time . 
  being a politician it must be a weird tossup . 
  not sure what it means . 
  there 's 7 cases and 6 genders : masculine animate , masculine inanimate , feminine , neuter , plural masculine and plural feminine . 
  maybe it counts plural neuter ? 
  not 100 % positive this is it ( was ages ago ) but i think this comes close : http://claritaslux.com/blog/the-hardest-language-to-learn/, 
  sounds adorable , but i 'm curious if the language even has established rules for written language . 
  my bad , that was zimbabwean , ie shona . 
  recalling from memory , is it 's because like in mandarin , a lot of words that sound nearly the same have wildly different meanings . 
  yeah , the study i had disregarded that particular difficulty and just looked at number of grammar/vocabulary/etc variations/variety . 
  its obvious that to a person outside asia asian languages are more difficult and vice versa . 
  yup . 
  is it ? 
  i think we 're pretty chill with that , especially if we deserve it . 
  try grammar and 16 grammatical inflections !, 
  slovakia was the more positive example ( which is admittedly easier given the population size ) , but austria for instance was largely german and culturally monotone . 
  then there were the balkan regions where croats , serbs and bosnians fought for influence .
