  tons of propaganda and the most oppressive regime in the world ( ussr that is ) next to north korea can do that to people . 
  in poland 's eyes current russia is just a modern version of the imperialist ussr of before , just more mild . 
  vodka invention is actually disputed since it was discovered somewhere around modern eastern belarus iirc , borders of commonwealth and russia at the time . 
  my presumption was we were first to came up with it . 
  i admit i am curious how does it look like really when it comes to independence drives , religious extremism , affiliations , connections and distinctions between the 4 kurds and their respective organizations etc , sources both for and against kurds are very biased . 
  any country east of germany should 've . 
  i am somehow by no means surprised a russian is a machiavelli person :p true i am simplifying it , but my point was , you can see a distinction of prussian or russian imperialism by how it treated its conquered or integrated peoples to polish ( or polish-lithuanian ) and austrian ( or austrian-hungarian ) approaches . 
  i would n't call the two types of imperialisms quite the same , to the point i 'd use a different term . 
  there 's a certain distinction between our and other countries ' imperialism attempts if we take your admittedly wider definition and that is we sought alliance and cooperation first and foremost , not subjugation and conquest . 
  i mean , take the example of 1610 conquest of moscow - we could have forced russia into a personal union and enforce catholicism on russia but we opted not to do that respecting russia 's orthodoxy and this lack of brutal decisiveness ( or lack of egoism ? 
  or indecision ? 
  hard to tell really ) made us lose many opportunities and eventually succumbed to decadence and foreign imperialist ambitions . 
  austria-hungry somewhat had a similar issue - get a compromise between competing imperialism and multinationalism/cooperative alliance values . 
  after all , intermarum was meant to be an multinational alliance , but countries mistook it for polish imperialism . 
  we kind of assume russian people are either not with their government , could n't care less about their government 's actions or are manipulated by it . 
  an authoritarian government is not one that represents its people by definition , russia not being a democratic country . 
  hence the distinction . 
  yes and no . 
  we did n't want to polonize eastern europe to my knowledge , we just wanted to be strong enough to be able to face germany or/and russia at even odds , preferably by cooperation with other states ( hence commonwealth with lithuania ) , or by subjugation ( like we took vilnius from lithuania in 1919 in an attempted coup ) if necessary . 
  it was a matter of survivalism , not imperialism or greed . 
  to be fair , we were somewhat forced by the circumstances , the idea was to revive the commonwealth and beyond to counterweight germany and russia but the turbulent nationalist attitudes at the time curbed any attempts of multinational cooperation . 
  it was n't an imperialist move at least in my eyes . 
  from baltic to black sea . 
  that 's the title behind commonwealth ( which spanned that far for the most part ) and the concept behind intermarum , a failed inter-world war peacetime idea at a polish-led alliance of central-european states to be a counterweight to germany and russia/ussr , a revival of commonwealth of sort but include balkans and scandinavian states . 
  norway - socialism , how does it work for you but not for us !, 
  there 's turkish kurds , iranian kurds , syrian kurds and iraqi kurds . 
  for some reason turkish kurds are distinct and fully turkish and the latter three all deserve a country . 
  but ... we like you :( we miss you commonwealth bros. 
  we do n't hate you germans , we just kind of envy you and justify our current geopolitical position and issues it by world wars and occupations . 
  imo that 's the truth at heart . 
  it just somewhat does n't feel fair , you know , that germany is leading europe and the european union , only 60sh years after wwii . 
  we always wanted to take that spot , but our ego and decadence took the best of us , both in case of poland-lithuania and attempts at intermarum . 
  poland would be one not to suggest that , as we were never truly an imperialist country , quite the opposite , the victim of such countries most of the time . 
  improved relations +25 ( -1 / year ), 
  wow we trigger europe so hard . 
  i love it . 
  i also have no idea why we bothered with catholicism my dutch friends . 
  feels like we adopted it simply to not get invaded by the holy roman empire . 
  we do n't hate russians , we just hate russia . 
  important distinction . 
  being invaded over and over does to your attitude . 
  because euro would be crappy for our economy . 
  that 's why my turkish friends . 
  us has no recollection of history of our empire times . 
  after all its 200 years young . 
  all it remembers is us being buttfucked by world war ii . 
  it somewhat is , most belgians i met admit that too . 
  savage canadians . 
  and i thought them polite !, 
  then again at least they realize where it is judging by hungary . 
  there it is . 
  to add on the trivia we call germany `` niemcy '' uniquely among other nations because we considered them `` niemy '' ie inarticulate , mute or ... dumb . 
  i mean calling our people after fields was n't the smartest of moves i guess . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what is there to be ridiculed here ? 
  if someone opposes immigrants it seems only valid to see the issue from the other side to prove oneself right or wrong . 
  usually you have issues with detached politicians , not ones that try to see your point firsthand no less . 
  i feel like i 'm missing some context here . 
  indeed , what a waste : /, 
  yeah , let 's ban muslims from our country and instead religiously oppress people ourselves !, 
  the book is a bit pseudoscience in western europe as the very wiki entry states but i would n't put it past colonial britain . 
  i know that . 
  i only wish most europeans felt the same . 
  do you have any more solid evidence against the english supporting wahhabism ? 
  if only europe made distinctions between islamic sects . 
  for most people 's information all muslims are the same , wahhabi or not . 
  this honestly needs to happen in europe . 
  sounds very interesting . 
  so is wahhabism just rejected in turkey ? 
  seconded . 
  i too am curious how islamic world deals with wahhabi influence . 
  i 'm an atheist too , but i feel like most muslims are n't really worse than an average european and should not be penalized from trying to be one should they want to because of a few islamists . 
  aka kurdistan . 
  come at me turks :d, 
  `` world leaders '' of today are gutless . 
  the part `` world '' assumes they actually take responsibility and care for the world which they do not . 
  it 's a valid point . 
  instead of treating terrorists as they are - an organized group with an agenda - we instead push our politicians to close borders , civilians call for deportations and violence against muslims that have nothing to do with the attacks and isolate them , pushing them into the hands of extremists and proving the terrorists ' point . 
  the point of terrorism is - surprise - terror , and we are giving up to it . 
  certainly we should not sit idly by while things like this happen , but countries should remain with a cool head and recognize who is the actual enemy here and who is not ; people should too . 
  refugees are fine . 
  just the ukrainian ones though . 
  am too , though i 'm more for `` accept by our own rules/means '' than close borders entirely . 
  i feel like the move is largely pandering to islamophobic poles who never met a single muslim in their lives rather than basing on reason . 
  we could use more migrants , not less . 
  slovakian is the closest language to polish . 
  so really , we could share slovakia . 
  nah , it 's likely they and nowoczesna will cash in most voters for it in the next election ... should it come . 
  i can speak on behalf of majority based on quite consistent polls ; the crisis barely changed that . 
  it 's a beautiful sound . 
  just a fyi for all those outside poland . 
  to be fair its not just some `` activists '' , it 's a fledgling party razem ( received 4 % last election , barely below minimum for entry ) that 's organizing this . 
  canada is by far the most successful multicultural country ; they pretty chill . 
  also the v4 criticism is to actual attacks on democracy , at least when it comes to hungary/poland ; the migrants bit is just pandering that comes along with it that 's meant to justify those attacks . 
  and that 's a comparable amount of migrants coming to slovakia too . 
  literally invaded by poland , are n't you . 
  true , just poking how eerily similar this looks to a court proceeding . 
  that 's like 3 minutes of monologue of something that could be said in 30 seconds or less . 
  poland is pretty pro-eu and considers it a standard and symbol of democratic values . 
  \u017bywiec :d do try some of our vodka or/and apples , too . 
  they 're solid .
