  i 'm glad they accomodate themselves well over at your place :p please take good care of them , at least until we get our shit together . 
  yeah , here 's it 's summarised as economic purposes and nobody really looks at the sociological ones . 
  poland is a real conservative place at the moment and i doubt it 'll change any time soon when criticism is met with a counter argument somewhat akin to `` if you feel you have it bad here , leave '' or `` if you dislike the current state of things you must be a commie/previous government tool '' . 
  o noes , we are literally being invaded by somali pirates !, 
  tis ' true , but the ones that complain hardly live abroad ; i think the ones that stay are the ones that are bitter about it and just complain to justify their conservative views . 
  it 's funny too because we only have 1.75 % migrants , only about 20k ~ muslims total . 
  i 'm in a very small minority that feels we could actually use * more * migrants . 
  i doubt it 's even that much to be honest , but op is about sweden . 
  yes , we 're trying ... not to be obese :p, 
  it 's a superiority of western europe vs an inferiority complex of east europe . 
  there 's no in between . 
  western europe competes with us - another country with a superiority complex , so they both understandably hide their weaknesses and shift blame outwards . 
  east europe on the other hand plays catch-up and tries to inspire from the west , so it is overt about its issues . 
  was it ever about health ? 
  eh , i do n't think we refuse to see what 's wrong in our country - if anything we live that mentality so much it 's harmful . 
  regardless , i do n't think not recognizing same or similar issues in your own country makes the criticism less valid , though i do try to keep it as constructive as possible , being admittedly a man who dislikes us as country . 
  i do agree that blame deflection is most definitely a thing ; though i find that almost universal , few countries like to actually take responsibility . 
  i might be able to answer should you elaborate the things us is bashed for and what is being complained about . 
  do you mean / u/oldstarfighter 's comment ? 
  i think it 's just a matter of venting , sweden is just choking from all the pc culture . 
  sort of like japan does with its work discipline cult . 
  no , i meant hillary vs bernie sanders . 
  the potential choice of hillary bothers me as much as choice of trump . 
  he just needs to be smashed in a high stakes debate i guess . 
  his opponents just lack the balls to call him out . 
  better , 
  he 's a populist , so he says `` one of us '' to poor people , and `` i 'm a rich , responsible businessman '' to anyone above them . 
  trying to label him as anything just wo n't work as he 'll outright deny it and lie . 
  unfortunately , people would rather have a political conformist than a socialist . 
  low-status people glorify the financial elite ; a wiser approach would be to expose him for the hypocritical populist and liar behind the cute marketing image he has . 
  it 's too late for that i 'm afraid . 
  ridicule is the best form of opposition right now . 
  i admit that 's really mild . 
  everything dumb in political terms sounds like a donald trump quote really . 
  we should coin this as a term , trumpisms or something . 
  i 'm from poland , so my view may be different , but here we did n't even get more than a few thousand refugees in entirety and what we got is a vibe of europe being `` raped , pillaged and invaded by islam '' . 
  that 's the kind of attitude people are promoting and that was my only issue . 
  no nation concept is being challenged except for * maybe * sweden , that 's a real exaggeration for almost all countries involved . 
  you ca n't send those people back , as you have nothing to send them back * to * for at least good 10 years , so by all means they 're pretty much permanent migrants and that 's a state of fact you just have to deal with , want it or not . 
  got ta make the the best of the situation you have . 
  as for responsibility , i meant more in terms of a unified response and not shifting blame so individual countries feel the brunt of the crisis , like greece or hungary . 
  it 's not about blame , it 's about dealing with this together . 
  that 's true , but blaming them , alienating them , being hostile to them achieves the opposite and actually plays into both local extremist fears and religious extremist aims . 
  what needs to happen is unified response and bringing to responsibility , both inside europe to the refugees and outside to the actual causers of the saudi war and refugees , usa and saudi arabia . 
  you would hope now that they get a glimpse of what the other people are dealing with they 'd unite to help solve world 's issues together . 
  but no , instead , we consider closing ourselves up . 
  what is extreme is what 's happening in syria . 
  what 's second in extremity is what 's happening to surrounding states and 8 million refugees . 
  what entirety of europe dealing with is a a bit over eighth of that . 
  also , the dialogue - to me at least - sounds more like : merkel : `` we welcome refugees . '', 
  reddit : `` islam is invading europe ! '', 
  merkel : `` okay , we welcome refugees but in reasonable amounts . '', 
  reddit : `` hypocrite , we are already doomed , europe is failing , abolish eu , abandon ship ! '', 
  reddit is a bunch of revolutionaries . 
  it 's pretty normal to expect the extremes when it comes to what reddit wants to happen . 
  that did n't mean to sound derogatory ; merely that i thought this was n't polish food in the first place , what with the baguette and all . 
  what you say though does sound right , 
  i 'm afraid not , that was a goof few years ago . 
  well polish is somewhat justified , i do n't know what other language has more than 15 ways of spelling a word grammar wise , which i imagine i presume is the largest issue . 
  there was a study made on difficult of language ( mostly based on grammar ) and finnish , polish , mandarin and zimbabwean were considered the toughest languages . 
  note that living in a country that uses a language makes it that much easier to learn ; the barrier is defined mostly for those without such easy access or contact with the language . 
  it 's zapiekanka . 
  i swear i thought we got the idea from the french and just put ketchup on it . 
  we call it barszcz here in poland , which in spelling sounds like barshch . 
  i once had spicy hungarian goulash paste in a tube from my neighbour . 
  best fucking sauce for meat i ever had , even though i did n't use it for goulash . 
  wish those were sold here . 
  no , we can not , but that 's not the point . 
  the point is not to pressure saudis into humanity , it 's to stifle saudi arabia 's influence over the middle east , to make it that much more difficult for them to fund terrorists . 
  wow , really ? 
  yes please . 
  now if only we as europe convinced us to do the same ... 
  i 've respect for the trouble my parents went through and their intentions behind them . 
  after all , those were not my choices . 
  i 've also respect for the religion regardless of its flaws and my disbelief in its god . 
  there is a more secular process but that 's pretty much a formal note for the church that you 're leaving , deal with it . 
  the more complex process involves annulment of your sacraments ( communion , baptism , etc ) and that needs to be done by the official church process by their rules . 
  i was advocating against violence for the sake of proving a point is all . 
  well , i am officially catholic for all statistical means and purposes . 
  most atheists do n't bother to officially leave the church , i for one wish to leave it officially on friendly terms , but i 'd require going to church i got baptised in , have two witnesses and have your request processed ; that has been an issue to overcome . 
  i was part of not one of those surveys , they 're really not that specific most of the time . 
  most of the people are nonpracticing catholics with a tendency for anticlericalism . 
  atheism is not quite the best measure , i for one am technically catholic because the process of becoming an atheist is just so bothersome . 
  religiosity , ie how loyal one is to religious practices is a better measure . 
  conservative for sure , religious not * that * much . 
  i 'm more surprised at romania not being there . 
  no , of course not . 
  however , it should be considered as the last resort , not the first obvious one , hence my critique . 
  i referred to violence being considered a legitimate solution to an issue in a democratic country . 
  it is always the worst solution , one that erodes democracy and gives precedence for more future violence . 
  i do n't know how i feel about my country being that circle in `` religious europe '' ... 
  and this my friends is how democracies fall . 
  a few incidents in world war ii does not equate poland with nazis . 
  there were assholes , traitors , opportunists and other such incidents all over europe ; that does not make poland anti-semitic as a whole . 
  jews did not flee poland , they primarily left not due to prosecution but for their homeland ; regardless poland and its citizens take no credit for the communist regime and its ideology , either . 
  while it is unreasonable to say poland were clean white heroes and spotless protectors of jews and tolerance , to rate poland as the opposite is absurd . 
  modern poland wise , i wish we took more examples from our golden age of tolerance and multiculturalist commonwealth history and less inspiration from the 1920s quasi-authoritarian pi\u0142sudski state . 
  i 'll play devil 's advocate here . 
  how else would one promote intereueropean integration than by actual coexistence and integration ? 
  trade only goes so far .
