  but in general it seems to be pushing things forward . 
  and we need to remember that eu funds generally half of it , and second half comes from gov. 
  good , so you recognize the difference . 
  my point is , 500 + is not among those types of investments . 
   i would honestly love to hear about some other quantifiable social benefit programs not targeted at poor that you had in mind . 
  you do n't target the poor directly by giving them money ( other than unemployment benefits , i suppose ) , but their * issues * that make them poor . 
  and there 's multiple ways to help in that . 
  we use cranberries instead , are those similar ? 
  if you compare them to po years , po managed to reduce the deficit significantly in year 2014 . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  i 'm pro social benefits as well believe me , but i also believe those should n't be based on religious conservative ideology of promoting poor people having babies but on quantifiable investment in social areas we can see a visible return in . 
  i do n't approve of child benefits ( of this sort , at least ) ; if you want more children in the country , you create conditions for their birth ie improve the economy for cheaper costs of living , improve work-life balance/working conditions , grant paternal care and lift obstacles for pregnant women for finding and keeping work , not tempt with a temporary boost of money . 
  i find the 500 + investment flawed , ultimately only weighing on public debt . 
   it did significantly lowered amount of children living in extreme poverty . 
  also birthrate is on the rise . 
  in addition such ` allowance ' is quite common in other eu countries like germany : http://www.howtogermany.com/pages/kindergeld.html at what cost ? 
  we got seriously in debt and there 's no return on the investment coming any time soon , if at all . 
  agreed on all else though , though there certainly are plans from the opposition , just no charismatic leader . 
  only ? 
  certainly not . 
  there were other silly expenses . 
  but if you think 500 z\u0142 is a solution to the problem , you 're mistaken . 
  not to mention it was a serious hit to our national debt . 
  do you have any of those statistics that measure corruption in a quantitative manner ? 
  i 'd love to see them if you do . 
  it 's not bullshit , as it 's just an indicator , not a measure . 
  the reaction is proportional to the current perception of government expenditure and effectiveness of said expenditures , so it 's only natural to be * a bit * piqued off in poland 's case . 
  an indicator of corruption by the very people living there is not as disconnected as you deem it to be . 
  besides , you 're welcome to suggest better statistics or methods if such exist . 
  in general you 're right , but / u/maskedelevatorman referred to some silly expenses , like giving 500 z\u0142 ( roughly 100 pounds or 125 dollars ) per born child . 
  as if such policies ever fixed the smaller number of children per family . 
  the wrong type of populism is being played throughout pis 's rule . 
  people being divided , opposition being called communists , the worse `` sort '' of poles and bloody 20 year olds are being called ub 's ( communist secret police known for its violent repression of opposition ) . 
  i think the only bipartisan agreement was when we all agreed we do n't want syrian refugees . 
  otherwise i 'm afraid there 's little good to be said about the current government ... 
  it 's only non sequitur if people do n't consider a connection between the two . 
  it 's not a direct measure , but it 's certainly an indicator that / u/headpuncher is in the low minority thinking that way about norway , assuming he was/is a local . 
  it 's not useless just because there 's no better means to quantify it . 
  to be honest , as much flak as scandinavian states get , statistics still put them far above any western country on many factors . 
  [ corruption is actually pretty damn low there too . 
  ] ( https://www.transparency.org/news/feature/corruption_perceptions_index_2016 ) can you * not * look up salaries/tax returns online ? 
  [ this should be public information in your country to my knowledge . 
  ] ( https://www.ssb.no/en/arbeid-og-lonn/statistikker/lonnansatt/aar/2016-03-03 ) i 'd like you to support your arguments with some evidence . 
  yes ? 
  elections grant you or do not grant you permission to go with such type of changes , represented by the 66 % majority . 
  the protests are valid and their sentiments sound - pis was not given such a permission , its a direct assault on the seperation of powers with no regard for expert opinion , international opinion or even procedure . 
  future elections is an irrelevant topic when you were n't given the mandate of the people to undertake such changes . 
  ca n't believe you compare vandals to people wanting to protect democracy . 
  approval ratings are fine because people are apathetic , not supportive . 
  even then they are n't high enough to warrant constitutional as well as judiciary changes , something that requires 66 % of the vote . 
  you kidding , right ? 
  you saw thousands of people on the streets screaming democracy is being assaulted back when po was in power ? 
  i do n't recall such an event . 
  actually , po did care being very moderate for all but the most staunch religious conservatives that would n't switch allegiance from pis even if they made a pact with the devil . 
  to be fair they were the opposites of pis , rarely reaching for any controversial move unless they had to . 
   maybe it 's not the crisis for him . 
  which makes it that much more damning . 
  pis never gave a flying fuck about democracy or the people or what they think as long as approval ratings are fine . 
  but that does n't mean one should n't react to thousands of people on the streets . 
  i do n't mind new heads of opposition , though . 
  it 's the timing and reaction in face of protests , rather than the distance . 
  an actual president would address a crisis than go on vacation at this moment . 
  is it ? 
  i hardly see people having a boner over them in poland as much as foreigners because of sabaton . 
  which is sort of an advantage should any such party be affiliated in the future . 
  people wo n't see it coming . 
  this zmiana party though was way too obvious . 
  poland represented by hussar wings ? 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  that depends on which of the amendments we talk about . 
  if an amendment is n't ignored , it 's omitted or twisted in a way it can be abused . 
  i fail to see how the accusation is n't valid . 
  yeah , so they just ignore it . 
  market and social conservatives are two different things . 
  oh that 's part of the problem , our piss-party supporters are broskis with / r/the _ donald and the collaboration is disgusting . 
  oh it 's there definitely , it 's mostly a narrative perpetuated by the right/current party to garner support while being more resistant to any foreign negative view on our country . 
  living in the past , blaming communists , opposition and whatever they did years ago , `` eu fourth reich '' germany , russia , pretty much everything but ourselves . 
  everyone is sick of it , but when you call them out you 're suddenly not a patriot or a real pole . 
  generally , / r/polska is leftist ( and moderated ) and / r/poland ( not moderated ) is infested by / r/the _ donald bots thinking we 're some sort of ideal rightist country . 
  to be honest merkel does n't come off as a terrible day to day person . 
  your typical but caring conservative elderly mom . 
  balkans be like here be dragons . 
  what 's the likelihood that this was orchestrated to undermine the message of the protest ? 
  [ admit it , you thought of this . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/lxp19brvaooge/giphy.gif ), 
  we get chillier scandinavian fronts and they halt in our mountains by the looks of it . 
  opulent and imperial . 
  i ca n't tell if that 's the best or worst thing to do in that situation . 
   erdogan ca n't be serious . 
  everyone but ( some of ) the turks whenever erdogan does anything . 
  i do n't mean that . 
  i say give people time to learn of the phenomenon , familiarize themselves with the lgbt communities , convince people to it by simple human-to-human contact . 
  breaching the constitution of a sovereign country is not the way to do it . 
  polarizing is * not * what europe needs on any front . 
  in poland , this would just backfire and spurn hatred towards lgbt communities . 
  there 's maybe just about 1/3 that supports same sex marriage ; even worse for same sex adoption . 
  it 's not even due to catholic bigotry as much as just the only contact with lgbt communities are parades where there 's crossdressers and half naked drag queens walking down the street , which did n't help their cause at all . 
  i see . 
  carry on . 
  no stance on the issue , but its always terrorists to the victors , to be fair .
