  thats not islamophobia or pushing muslims towards extremism , that 's denying by today 's standards barbaric values which should not be tolerated , religion or no . 
  if doing such a thing pushes muslims towards extremists then hate to break it to you but they already are extremists . 
  over my dead body , lol . 
  key word is `` tried '', 
  i did n't mean to say our media are n't diversified . 
  just that this diversity is n't seen in the mainstream and you do n't see a lot of controversy in the mainstream that challenges borders of free speech . 
  i would n't be that concerned ; this only shows millienials want to protect minorities ; just because they do not yet know how and accept a loaded measure such as limiting free speech as it is presented to them is not that big of a deal . 
  this shows intent to protect , not intent to curb rights . 
  give them a few years and they 'll largely change their point of view on the subject . 
  honestly for a pro free speech country it does n't feel like it * in practice * . 
  religious right-to-offense is largely upheld and extremist talk is no-no . 
  there 's only 3 to 5 major tv channels with their appropriate medias . 
  not a lot of newspapers , either . 
  there was not yet anything that could really attempt to challenge borders of free speech . 
  there 's hardly anyone or anything currently doing anything really controversial or really stepping on toes of people in power to make people doubt free speech . 
  the option * seems * there but nobody really seemed to made use of it yet . 
  psh like that 's stopping people . 
  you 've got to admit that no color is worse . 
  did n't mean to suggest it is . 
  never said he is . 
  good . 
  we need to promote words like this from islamic leaders right now . 
  it is one of the best countermeasures against is and we would do best to show solidarity not only to muslim attack victims but also the muslim moderates that will be now subject to people opposing them . 
  i think the matter of polish-french solidarity is irrelevant to public debate on migrants . 
  your argument would make more sense if we had any significant muslim minority in the first place . 
  even then , this piece is about solidarity , not inter-cultural hatred . 
  nah , the building 's historical significance and communist heritage largely waned over-time . 
  people just treat it is a bit of an old times building reminder . 
  the rainbow thing though ... it 's so sad that the very moment someone tries to introduce something of color to the greydom that is warsaw people are suddenly compelled to burn it . 
  maybe i do . 
  maybe i do n't . 
  either way it 's not within my power to dispute this , so i can just watch and comment , 
  not denying that . 
  it 's just mildly saddening that people do not see the long-term repercussions of this . 
  you could see the society crumble from isolation and they 'd still think it 's migrants ' fault . 
  that 's pretty much as good as saying never , when there is a perpetual real need for migrants for a lot of socio-economic purposes . 
  that 's true , but when are those needs met ? 
  feels like you can say that regarding migrants in any situation because there 's always some issues to fix . 
  outside eu is the specific term here . 
  germans do support inter-european migration . 
  wait , if it 's blocked , how are you turks still posting here ? 
  some bypass measure or ? 
  colonialism ? 
  nah , not really . 
  just mere feat of having a colony as an inner baltic state . 
  being part of the ones that explored the world against all geopolitical odds and whatnot . 
  yeah . 
  only to find greenland . 
  poland likes to cite this as polish colony given that courland were the commonwealth 's vassals/fief at the time . 
  swedish pc culture must 've taught you such well articulated argumentation :p, 
  we totally did !, 
  trueeeee , but you got ta admit it specifically fits polish history quite well . 
  that 's ... tempting . 
  yeah . 
  also , by nation it is referred to the polish peoples as a whole . 
  kurwa 's probably the most flexible of polish insults . 
  you did n't want to tag along again , sadly . 
  it 's not that bad , is it ? 
  i think a more apt translation would be `` the nation is superb , only the people are cunts '' . 
  but , but ... commonwealth ... 
  i think your stereotypes are outdated , friend . 
  with all due respect , pizza hut is garbage , at least here . 
  italian pizza restaurants are * so * much better . 
  expensive , but i never loved olive so much since then . 
  that italian region in switzerland ... 
  damn son , that 's brave . 
  fair that you pointed out continental , cause i was just about to kick in with iceland . 
  we 're all for being friends with russians . 
  just not russia . 
  remember , we 're slav bros. 
  please do not confuse leftists with communists . 
  such generalization is harmful . 
  fair point , though given the crisis and demographic conditions i do n't believe this decision was made lightly . 
  they 're not controversial . 
  they 're simply a very old agrarian party , known for its nepotism , being able to go into a coalition with pretty much anyone for the position in agriculture ministry . 
  they 're just redundant and so long in the parliament it feels like besides agricultural issues they 're just a waste of space in the parliament . 
  also beer , vodka and women . 
  that 'd round it up . 
  all pretty cultural , right ? 
  let 's compromise on 2 and half a world , then . 
  we almost had korwin-mikke in the parliament , that 's really close enough for comfort . 
  i was wondering who the fuck is voting for psl all the time that they keep slipping into the parliament with some ridiculous 5-6 % each time ( 5.13 % this time , while you need 5 % to get in ) . 
  now i know :(, 
  it 's more about a loyal conservative electorate combined with a split opposition ( two and not one leftist party that led to both not getting in ) and disappointed po electorate . 
  nope . 
  but its not a backward dumpster as you deem it to be , we 're just behind due to the iron curtain in that regard . 
  give it 50 years . 
  uh , no . 
  you just kinda pulled those theories out of your ass . 
  i know . 
  i take some sort of pride representing a progressive minority . 
  and that 's one more reason i like you guys , 
  i like your immigration policy , very smart . 
  ghettos are a problem in any multicultural country i believe , you can only fight it ; canada has very few comparably to other multicultural countries . 
  i agree there should be * some * level of assimilation made , but besides english and necessary customs i do n't see a reason to enforce anything further . 
  it 's just a matter of meshing cultures together and avoiding separated religious or national minority diasporas imo ... though i admit i may be too idealistic . 
  it might sound strange but i think the very diversity you promote might be the very identity you have and that 's why i like your country so much . 
  i agree to all you said , but there was a lot of things that bother many poles that were part of their previous rule . 
  i 'm a leftie , so i may be biased , but here 's what i find wrong with pis : - living in the past ie `` seeking truth '' , witch hunting post communists and finding dirt on political opponents , police running down protesters as well as literally `` swatting '' people . 
  i really do not like splitting poles into better poles or worse poles depending on their views , it yields only unneeded conflict .
