  we ( and many other countries ) have a failing public retirement fund system is what 's happening . 
  nobody should be forced to have more children so that they can financially hold 3 elderlies the moment they 're born . 
  government handouts in poverty do n't help natural growth , having an actual life out of work in relative financial comfort does . 
  japan tried to do the same to their country but failed to see the issue at the core ; we 're just repeating their mistakes . 
  i thought rather about silly pis populist expenses and all broken/unfulfilled campaign promises than sociological environment causes . 
  all it got us is debt . 
  honestly with the current government it all went to shit and polish z\u0142oty is getting devalued pretty seriously . 
  damn populist conservative catholiban policies . 
  there should be a sub for maps with displaced warsaw . 
  i feel ya man . 
  i 'd dig some thai or korean girls over here . 
  but the thing is , we have nothing in place to integrate them . 
  poor language to learn , public offices that do n't know a hint of english , generally unfriendly environment to anyone that is after studies . 
  this will have to change , but at the moment we 're closer to close ourselves down than to open up to newcomers other than ukrainians i guess . 
  unlikely . 
  both countries are rather unwelcoming of immigrants . 
  hospitable , but not accommodating whatsoever . 
  im fond of the canadian system myself . 
  though first one would have to make a country worthy and accomodating of settling in . 
  i generally am not opposed to migration if it 's educated people with competitive skillsets . 
  though i may be in minority in that regard . 
  czechs are far from attracting the poor around the world to flock to them for welfare . 
  oh , you referred to sanctions . 
  certainly , but it does close many types of business venture . 
  in that case that 's a good thing , no matter where they 're from . 
  so no point in the venture or it having a chance of staying . 
  i dont think they can afford competitive business . 
  also is n't russia sanctioned heavily ? 
  see no reason why they 'd do that , all factors considered . 
  maybe i 'm missing a country ? 
  where else from ? 
  max kolonko is a conservative so he 's low key supportive of trump and pis . 
  he broke the trend with this video and suddenly people be like traitor communist scum . 
  to the current government and its supporters , that 's no badass , that 's a whining communist being taken away from power . 
  the comments make me so sad :( that 's the kind of people that support the current government . 
  i 'm not , just that liberal democracy is the only one that works at the moment , unless i 'm omitting something . 
  if we 're going to split democracies into types and which one is entitled to which right , we 'll end up with none of it . 
  oh i 'm sorry you need a 30 million demonstration to understand there 's a significant opposition to it . 
  even including the pis supporters , the majority was opposed to the reform . 
  it could be defending the separation of powers , which is , by extension , one of the tenets of democracy . 
   not people who spit on him at every occasion . 
  you 're talking about the majority of poles opposed to the judiciary reform ? 
  if that 's the case he should reevaluate his views , as he 's not being faithful to his voters in that case . 
  he 's an mp . 
  he owes his duty to the people and their voice above any petty inter-party squabbles . 
  if you think otherwise , we clearly have different definitions of duties and obligations of an mp . 
  i do n't care if there 's schetyna or adrian from 2nd grade out there - you 're not standing with the people and their voice . 
  the control itself is n't so bad but nowhere is it direct with nothing overlooking the process or the candidates ; there has to be some approval by a council or some other branch . 
  poor excuse . 
  the protest was not organized by the politicians . 
  they just took part it in it . 
  honestly this is the kind of behavior you 'd expect in a kindergarden - `` i could join but there 's guys i do n't like there . '', 
  honestly i do n't consider any of them `` the '' opposition . 
  the fact that they choose to discredit the protest or/and attempt at appropriating the protest instead of fighting for democracy and standing * with * the people above all boundaries ( including that of party ) shows how petty they are . 
  i was referring to the one bill that was passed that 's still eroding the separation of powers . 
  the means matter little if they do n't reflect the voice of the people . 
  2 out of 3 bills was vetoed , the third one on common courts did pass . 
  ca n't really tag this as a victory for democracy . 
  at three levels , the supreme court , the national council of the judiciary and common court . 
  by either the minister of justice or the parliament . 
  on top of that , they can be retired at will by the minister of justice . 
  the first two were vetoed , the third was passed . 
  by saber we 'll retake . 
  the minister of justice can appoint judges directly and arbitrarily with this reform , meaning you have the judges you want each time a party gets the cabinet . 
  fair , all i 'm saying it 's a possibility . 
  edit : as per your edit - especially as kukiz was shitting on the protests just a day ago . 
  kukiz is a populist big tent/right wing party and they agreed with pis on a lot of things in the past , hard to tell where their line is . 
  with kukiz they can , and kukiz is rather unpredictable . 
  i would n't celebrate just yet , the veto can be overruled by 3/5 of the parliament . 
  in addition , the current party was in such a hurry that the version of the bill was different from the one voted by the senate , which is ( another ) breach of constitution ( you should 've seen the chaos and shitstorm before the vote ) . 
  as such the bill was invalid anyway . 
  they may try going around it either way . 
  edit : oh , and the common courts bill was passed ... 
  its a bit disappointing how all the members of the opposition try to appropriate the entire protest as if they organized it . 
  just highlights the issue at core ; disconnected opposition from the voice of the people . 
  ah , fair enough , knew i missed something . 
  as leftist as i am and wish government would deal with many social areas , i 'm a proponent of debt being a last resort , not something you should perpetuate or keep for the next party to deal with . 
  a bit of an issue with 4 year elections terms , there 's little thought given for what 's ahead . 
   but we need people to push economy forward . 
  we need children to be educated and live comfortable lives to make better decisions . 
  you ca n't make good decisions when you live in extreme poverty . 
  sure , there is small percentage of people that will use it as incentive , but it often does n't end in american dream . 
  then you deal with extreme poverty , * not * natural growth . 
  low natural growth is symptom of inability to have children for a multitude of reasons , lack of money is just * one * of those reasons , not the cause . 
  there are just better ways that are n't roundabout and do n't end with debt with no return in sight . 
  but first one has to recognize the exact correlation between cause and effect and another and the factors influencing those causes . 
  you want a simple measure that goes a long way , else it 's just throwing money at a problem hoping it 'll solve itself . 
  an unrelated example is solving bank issues in the past crisis by bailouts and billion money injections . 
  waste of money that just ended up lining bankers ' pockets . 
  this is similar . 
   social benefits are by definition target at groups that need help . 
  do you think we should make social benefits for people that are n't poor ? 
  my point is people should n't be having babies they ca n't afford to bring up nor have an environment they can be brought up in . 
  the government should n't help with the former , they should affect the latter , else you eventually just end up spending more money but not solving the problem you wished to address . 
   as for quantifiable investment . 
  we do that as well . 
  with a lot of help from eu funds . 
  smart growth is doing exactly that . 
  focusing on specific problems , and trying to solve them by investing in promising ideas/businesses . 
  there are points for and against it .
