  our homophobia is based on lack of contact with the unusual , not christian values . 
  damn , serbians and bosnians ever divided over this one judging by the comments . 
  to be fair it was kind of pointless . 
  that was a time for pragmatism and doing what 's best , not wasting even more money for a result that wo n't have much significance at the end . 
  you see dat red all over poland ? 
  i do n't either !, 
  so scottish has danish ancestry ? 
  i know , we just kiddin . 
  the little 3 slavic sorbian holes in lusatia are funny to look at though . 
  germany gib back lusatia . 
  that 's precisely the way i recognized it :p i would 've written it as `` hmyelnitzky '' though :p, 
  true , that 's what i was referring to . 
  other than an even further reference to kievan rus , i do n't think there 's much else that binds ukraine and russia historically that was n't done militarily . 
  i barely recognized the surname , we call him chmielnicki . 
  yeah , catherine was a real manipulative slut . 
  eh , was n't there some point in medieval times where ukrainians/cossacks went to russia for help to break out of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ? ... 
  yeah that 's about that distant history i was thinking about . 
  maybe for ukrainians , but for poland , czechs and romanians to say we ever were russian `` friends '' is a large overstatement . 
  damn , it 's * that * strong ? 
  til . 
  just watched the videos . 
  is there any real health risk involved ? 
  i mean besides being forced onto something and getting an injury as a result with the pressure involved ? 
  now we know where all the descendants of xenu went - . -, 
  it 's actually `` poland had not yet perished '' . 
  but go on . 
  only there 's only so few organizations * dedicated * to it offering money of this scale , so it 's only natural the world would expect they at least learn from experience if not keep a world standard . 
  that 's * what they exist for * , so they should yield results instead of putting developing countries further in debt . 
  just because you can does n't mean you should nor are they dedicated to it . 
  it 's like going to the police station looking for a room for the night . 
  you can not honestly be serious to treat them as actual alternatives . 
  it 's taboo . 
  it 's sorta what happens when a country has no immigrants now suddenly has them and your country is a bastion of tolerance and equality . 
  culture , religion or anything like that is just a non issue and such a non-confrontational nature is prone to abuse . 
  great even . 
  the terms are . 
  corporations being allowed to sue countries , claim public services , minimizing safety regulations for both foods and chemicals , not too mention reduced banking regulations . 
  that 's pretty us/corporate-centric terms if i ever saw any . 
  i 'd like to hear any european tradeoffs if such exist . 
  that 's like saying not passing ttip at all . 
  because that 's what it is at its core at the moment , a us/corporate-centric trade deal . 
  fair enough . 
  i just do n't think it 's such a big deal for a barely half a million country . 
  iirc transinistria is 1/3 ukrainian , russian and moldovan so there 's no real majority there . 
  i do n't see how taking it for moldova would be any worse than what russia 's doing to crimea and south-eastern ukraine . 
  that depends . 
  parliamentary republics rarely are , whilst presidential republics often are . 
  but people do n't care about leaders nowadays , they care about results . 
  people should stop voting for parties and people and more often on sound policies because that 's what matters in the end . 
  i 'm curious what stands on moldova 's way to claim transinistria in full . 
  that 's what i imagined as well , that the survey implies an offensive war . 
  i see . 
  still , difficult to understand after over 50 years . 
  would 've thought it would n't ingrain in future generations ' mentality so much . 
  i think i 'd really like some reasoning behind countries like japan or germany . 
  actually , we have like ~ 2 % immigrants total , so we do n't even have a 1 % muslim minority . 
  this is just a us-inspired fear of terrorists combined with fear of being overwhelmed , like germany is with turks for instance . 
  we damn biased vs turks though . 
  there is a real fear of a `` turk wave '' like the german turks , as if they 'd come to us in millions . 
  a lot of rightist scare talk here 0_o, 
  i do n't think it 's too big honestly , i just think it wold create a lot of religious tension for turks both in and outside it , especially in germany . 
  introducing democracy feels much easier then reconciling the two `` turkeys '' . 
  he did n't mention anything about public healthcare . 
  just healthcare . 
  fourth reich germoney !, 
  i do n't think democracy nor other eu values , regulations or economic ramifications are that attractive to turkey , at least at the moment . 
  nor is the club that fancy to have a need to join it . 
  they are , just not the way most people would like . 
  right , i believe they should have a choice too . 
  i was just explaining / u/emnel 's point . 
  okay , so let 's list some i ca n't really chew : - public tv . 
  just let it friggin die . 
  - public financial support of startups . 
  i 'm for this when it 's some high startup cost , innovative industry , not just any . 
  plus most businesses fail by default , this can backfire heavily . 
  - energy transformation - huge costs , nothing concrete . 
  no reference to energy monopolies . 
  i 'm more of an alternate energy startup subsidies person . 
  - i am yet to see triple minimum wage limit for pm 's , i never saw any country actually implement that and pull it off . 
  - maintenance of a middle school , court and hospital in every agricultural area . 
  there 's a reason they 're moving out and that 's because it is n't paying off . 
  - who 'd pay for legal advice in every single municipality ? 
  how 'd that pay off ? 
  - more social workers on unemployment ridden areas - more bureaucracy , more costs , likely mixed results . 
  - cultural-community centres in non-large cities , just a lot of extra cost with no payoff . 
  - free primary school and middle school books ? 
  for all of the kids ? 
  good luck with that with the current book prices . 
  - more pay for teachers - that 's what they all said , in the end i think that 's trying to damage control school privatization , do n't like that . 
  - trying to save public healthcare seems suicidal costs wise . 
  same approach with the schools for me , let them hybridize so a healthy balance of private and public hospitals exists . 
  - raising wages for nurses . 
  referred to above . 
  - municipal advanced medical care ? 
  again , large costs , do n't see a lot of gain from this . 
  we already pay our doctors peanuts for their wealthy experience . 
  - i 'm for price abuse controls for real estate , but do n't think public real estate like this can work . 
  large investment with uncertain gains , and knowing current public real estate quality i doubt it 'd work . 
  - not much on taxes , i just feel like large companies would n't want to invest into a country of this level of high wealth tax controls . 
  i 'm all for denying tax avoidance and preventing money hoarding though .
