  it is false , but to say there were no polish people that assisted in killing or killed jews to save their own skin is a large stretch and really conflicts with polish heroes - defenders of jews narrative . 
  we polish are just touchy when that kind of desperate behavior is brought down to the same level as deliberate genocide that of nazis because that 's an outrageous comparison . 
  my friend did a controversial ma on polish involvement in killing jews ( for whatever reason ) in wwii and its certainly a taboo subject . 
  in other news , hobo presence in that area considerably rises . 
  officials baffled . 
  it just sounded like you implied it 's good in general ; granted it should be a free go to do that for a private company if they so desire , unless they do something ridiculous like penalize an employee for not joining their boycott or other agenda . 
  poland - nestle pretty much owns more than half of polish cereals . 
  i wish i could choose something else since i really wish to avoid nestle products , but i 've little alternative . 
  yup , pretty much everyone west from poland has it easier to travel to us . 
  you have to apply for a visa at polish consulate at warsaw and pay between 160-265 $ for it . 
  it has to be approved ( which can be a bureaucratic hassle depending on the consul you apply to ) . 
  business and tourist visas are for up to 90 days . 
  more info : http://www.wikiwand.com/en/visa_waiver_program http://www.wikiwand.com/en/visa_policy_of_the_united_states, 
  personally not fond of polish-us states relations at the moment . 
  we were and are the best us ally after israel yet we have nothing to show for it besides ample military cooperation . 
  still no visas !, 
  being a buffer/proxy state in case of conflict with russia is not the best position either . 
  i 'd really rather if we looked towards a tighter european cooperation than be us 's lapdog at their beck and call . 
  the current party is worryingly on board with spying on citizens and ttip too , both of which i find utterly disgusting . 
  a lot of rightist media love to bash on scandinavia expecting it to collapse any moment due to all dat socialism . 
  well , no . 
  he 's a parody of a superhero , often portrayed as an antihero or a down-to-earth , 4th wall breaking cynic . 
  to be fair it is not mocking poland nor the 1 # in any way whatsoever . 
  it was only informative seeing as it was no 1 in all other countries . 
  it is true , the only advertising i saw was in cinemas and the trailer had american references poorly translated into polish . 
  most that saw the trailer think of it as `` just another comic superhero movie '' . 
  did not want to editorialize the title :p, 
  my mistake , from the looks i thought he was one of the actors . 
  the movie was a-ok , just very cliche , as expected from a romantic comedy . 
  to be fair his role was almost tertiary so it 's not much to his credit :p but he was ok for the little bit that i got to see him . 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of competetiveness , as much as what the man defines as his role in the relationship . 
  if a man is to take care of the relationship and feels like that is his role , it would n't feel nice if his woman did his job better , right ? 
  you do n't quite compete with your partner on who is dominant in most matters . 
  you just give up and find someone else . 
  women are - at least mostly - fragile , and men are brought up to protect them . 
  women hence feel secure around men who take care of them . 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of abilities , merely a sense of control . 
  some men do like to leave things to their women , but this inverse relationship is in the minority . 
  sweden is quite feminine mentality-wise , so it 's a lot more common there . 
  imagine the inverse of your situation for most other countries and i believe you 'll understand my point . 
  let me elaborate . 
  sense of security as well , albeit emotional , financial and so forth ; the feeling everything is taken care of . 
  that said , this is muddier nowadays , with career-ambitious independent women and more feminine men . 
  there no longer is a defined person to keep his head steady and be responsible for the pair - that 's intellectual superiority i meant . 
  it 's a feeling you got a role and a sense of control over the situation that is your relationship 's responsibilities . 
  if a man 's woman keeps one upping him on that , he has issues finding himself in that situation and usually just feels uncomfortable if not straight up bad and that leads to the man looking for someone else where he feels better with himself . 
  unfortunately for men woman 's role is not challenged as often as the man 's and it is rarely demanded that they are masculine and they have to take care of their man , while man 's masculinity is it was known is slowly unfeasible if not unacceptable ; a crisis of identity men had over the last few generations . 
  it 's not about doing what he wants it 's just about a man 's sense of security through a * sense * ( and only a sense , in most cases ) of intellectual superiority . 
  russia can barely take care of herself . 
  usa 's need for involvement in europe ended with the fall of the berlin wall . 
  european union wo n't be strong if we as europeans wo n't rely on each other . 
  i 'm supposed to find comfort in that ? 
  how about no . 
  i do n't wish for anything other than us leaving eu to its own affairs instead of forcing ttip and practices of spying on people , infringing civil rights and promoting puritan hypocrisy in the western world . 
  uk is one to talk . 
  there are methods better than establishing incompetent puppet authoritarian regimes . 
  no excuse to take example of them on many points . 
  well , for one , us destabilized the whole of middle east since 1960s when it attempted to play puppet master , iran comes to mind in this thread . 
  it intervenes even today in states that should not be its concern for reasons sketchy at best . 
  it has a foothold in israel and spends millions on military presence there that is in turn used to abuse and marginalize palestine . 
  us supports dictators that serve their interests , engaged in preemptive wars of aggression and has a poor track record in any country it involved itself overtly or covertly since world war ii . 
  i do n't mind us 's intentions as it 's not easy being the world 's policeman but in practice i find them vastly hypocritical . 
  i spoke generally in terms of semimodern and modern times and not in europe for clarity , in europe it 's largely a diplomatic/alliance cooperation sort of deal , not something of significant strategic value ; which of course is n't a bad thing in itself , but not something we could n't deal without . 
  noted  i concede my point . 
  not that it is needed . 
  us `` protection '' usually does more harm than good in practice . 
  fair point . 
  not a fan of us quite frankly :p so all this is all good news to me regardless . 
  i did n't think about the currency 's stability . 
  i suppose you 're right . 
  still a rather unusual sight to see euro used without european involvement . 
  i do n't think euro is widely used that much for transactions without any european involvement in that region , unless i do n't know something about that . 
  they could have still gone with indian rupees , yuan or gone along with us to lift sanctions . 
  euro is not the first , obvious alternative . 
  a nod towards eu and ~ ~ a fuck you towards us ~ ~ by far the most feasible way out to deal with oil dues . 
  nice move , i like it . 
  edit : it seems i was missing some context . 
  oh i did n't think those were / r/europe mods , it was the aforementioned sub 's . 
  pretty sure not unless you wan na get banned from that sub . 
  mods asked me to delete/edit my comment elsewhere . 
  a bit of a stretch to call that deliberate organisation if that 's the harshest example of it . 
  tax avoidance does have a large impact on economic growth , though . 
  it is a delicate balance of encouraging progressive muslims and cracking down on barbarism . 
  i dont think lectures are the point , anyone can educate themselves in their leisure and simple conversation , just clear rules not to break . 
  if we get rid of the `` but that 's racist/islamophobic '' stigma , i 'm sure more can be done . 
  its not about access , just stricter law enforcement . 
  british police ca n't raise a finger on them even if they wanted to . 
  they 're brought up in a culture of strong fisted leadership , so we should give it to them . 
  the piece is more about not accepting certain differences . 
  not surprising . 
  it 's more likely to get an european grant as a big business than a small one . 
  likewise , european bureaucracy bends to money easier . 
  say that to pis sympathisers . 
  to them it makes no difference ; its still poland vs germany for them . 
  private german persons or companies i 'm assuming . 
  oh she 's definitely an apprentice of darth kaczy\u0144ski . 
  i 'm not justifying them , just fyi . 
  just saying it is easy for them to have an us-them mentality and that 's challenging mindset to break through . 
  wish there was a moldovan here that was on the spot to see if the protest was `` inspired '' by russian influences . 
  funny , polish memes also note how she 's a sithlord speaking in a jedi council .
