  to be fair the trend is for american shell nowadays . 
  it 's a matter of being reasonable - on one hand you got ta be welcoming to immigrants and people of different faiths , beliefs and cultures ; on the other hand you have to be strict with rules and people should not be treated better ( or worse ) because they 're different . 
  poverty , lack of education , poor or no integration scheme and an ongoing social/media stigmatisation and isolation . 
  i did n't lie , i only said what i knew . 
  if i said something incorrect then my bad ; perhaps the previous governments did too violate public offices , but fact of the matter is pis is not the subtlest or abiding by rules while doing so . 
  ban poverty ? 
  huh ? 
  what are you referring to here ? 
  sorry , those ideas were implemented in other states which in fact * did * eradicate poverty as a result . 
  it is usually the right that considers poverty as something natural and therefore worth ignoring . 
  i 'm fine with that , it might take a couple years but left will win again once it recovers itself through the shitting-out-post-communists phase and once so many poles leave fed up with catholiban right-dominated sejm that we 'll have more polish outside of poland than in it - maybe then we 'll realize we went wrong somewhere along the line . 
  i am far left for polish standards , i 'd probably be a centrist or maybe even centre-right for scandinavian standards . 
  just because `` previous governments did it '' does n't justify the current , especially as it 's done overnight and shoehorned in . 
  not to mention the presence of the ruling party in public media . 
  just compare how long they were compared to predecessors . 
  disagreaceful . 
   razem is a party . 
  they will stay fr fro something that would discredit it . 
  but this des not change the fact that zandberg - their frontman is/was balls deep in the faaaaar left society . 
  we will draw different conclusions of that thought . 
  so is pis . 
  pis also said a lot of stuff that turned out to be bs post-election . 
  you wo n't know how credible a party is until you give them a chance , i rate razem by their program and not by prejudice . 
  i suppose scandinavian social democracy is `` far left '' as far as poland goes however . 
  that 's the point of progressive taxes - if you have more than relatively considered surplus , you ought to invest it to stay below the value or have the country invest it for you . 
  as i said then . 
  i do not mind that . 
  rich are n't all thieves but they are most prone to corruption and safeguards need to be in place for them to follow rules of society and not have them buy out laws and mp 's as in us . 
  society ought to revolve around all citizens and their needs and not whims of anonymous rich men and money ; no person should be a billionaire without investing and all of his employees being wealthy . 
  500 + is a ridiculous program without any rate of return in sight , that 's a conservative reform . 
  i find state funding of programs that have good returns for all involved reasonable and justifiable , not this however . 
  no , not really . 
  previous governments followed laws , not tried to overthrow the constitution and put yesmen everywhere in media and public offices at the same time screaming `` western media are against us '' . 
  that said i do not support either , subtle or not . 
  what i 'm saying is razem is n't using those symbols nor is it identifying with communists . 
  there is an official communist party of poland for that you know . 
  marxism is to communists as the bible is to far right pretty much . 
  razem is officially against extremists of any kind and i dare you to find anything of that nature in their program . 
  marxism problems were never with ideals or issues ( of inclusion , proper worker compensation , egalitarianism , equal rights and opportunities , solving poverty and issues stemming from that , ownership abuse ) but with methods . 
  yup , and see where that got us . 
  one term and all things went to shit . 
  regardless if you 're on the right or left , right needs left to moderate it and vice versa . 
  nothing wrong in that . 
  believing in that philosopher took many forms in many different states and communism as history knows it is just one of those branches . 
  social democracy is a thing . 
  if you put some research they in fact banned any association or presenting oneself/themselves with any communist or socialist symbols in their party . 
  let 's be fair that 's a poor attempt of discrediting the party . 
  not sure what you meant then . 
  its a small party but as far as left goes ( me being a leftist ) i do n't think we can expect or deserve any better . 
  the right wanted a left that 's not associated with post communists and they got it . 
  i meant that if by politically correct leftist driven you meant regressive leftist , then i respectfully disagree . 
   and pray to tell what is proper integration scheme ? 
  sweden , germany , france , etc all have failed . 
  what are you going to do different than all of them ? 
  sweden is worst , france only has issues down south with african migrants . 
  germany actually benefitted a lot from this so called crisis . 
  look up the statistics . 
  few germans actually complain about migrants and trust in merkel rose post crisis . 
  closing yourself to the world has never done any country any good , best you can do is set good law and integration scheme . 
   second point . 
  problems with integration can ( and did in many countries ) start showing after several decades . 
  how will you even know you are gooing in right direction . 
  integration too is a long term process . 
  you learn and you adapt . 
  we never had migrants , but other countries did and we can learn by their example , both positive and negative . 
   third point . 
  these people dont want to be here . 
  they are actively running awat even when given houses and jobs on a platter ( something vast majority of poles have to work hard for . ), 
  how are you going to force them to stay here ? 
  nor should you force them to . 
  we are n't an attractive country to settle in nor is it welcoming to migrants . 
  first thing is being attractive to invest in in the first place . 
  need for human capital follows . 
  we can start by attracting our eastern neighbours , would fix poland b 's issues along the way . 
   no it does n't . 
  it needs to fix its demography not replace poles with foreigners like razem would like . 
  fix demography ? 
  you want to force people to have more children ? 
  i do n't see it happening and i saw no country pull that off . 
  migration fixed retirement fund in germany , it could do so here too . 
  as such more young people are simply a necessity and they are needed now , not over time ... unless you want to disband public retirement funds or get the country further in debt . 
  clock is ticking . 
   will high taxes create oil fields ? 
  their wealth is not oil induced , it 's only a small ( 8 ~ % ) percent . 
  that said it 's managed better than any other resource in the world to note and all benefitted from it , unlike other states and their squandered resources and nature in the name of private profit . 
   i dont see how western gender ideas are something good to follow at all . 
  being who you want to be to be happy from that is not a radical nor a new idea . 
  you need not follow by their example , its not like you can turn someone to a different sexuality . 
  sure , there 's few prominent persons in that party but you can say that about any small party . 
  like say , korwin . 
  it 's because they disassociate themselves with other leftist parties and rightfully so imo ( except for maybe greens ) . 
  pc left ? 
  it 's better than that imo . 
  refugees is a difficult matter that needs careful handling and is another topic entirely ( e.g. 
  sweden is at fault here severely , mistakes were made to say the least ) , but it is true that poland * needs * migrants ; we have fewest of them in europe ( 2 % ~ ) and that 's not a feat , that 's a weakness - we could use more , preferably other europeans , but with proper integration scheme anyone would do . 
  flexibility of culture , business , capital flow and fdi would rise but instead it is us that are moving to all other countries . 
  those `` insane taxes '' net one of the best administrations and social services world can offer with one of lowest points of corruption and highest trust towards the government on top of higher purchasing power for all for the remaining money ; people are wealthy ( e.g. 
  norway has most millionaires per 1000 inhabitants ) while poverty is eradicated . 
  having a few less billionaires is an expense i 'm willing to part with for that purpose . 
  nothing wrong in gender identity as far as i 'm concerned .
