  to answer your question , as the west we should prove of our values ' worth by setting a better example than that of isolation or violence . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's a sensitive demographic for sure , but laying down walls is n't exactly going to help them on their path to civilization . 
  not to say we should accept all of them as they come , merely that how we react will shape them as human beings and as muslims and how they 'll treat the west in the future . 
  i see , i apologize for the misunderstanding . 
  well that 's mob mentality for you ; you just have to be the voice of reason where people call for violence . 
  refugee crisis - merely points out a need for a long term solution . 
  even as pro-refugee with this i agree - for now we can accept the refugees but mobilizing states to manage the isis/syrian crisis and making gulf states help them . 
  even the old man believes in their integration . 
  yes , it is harder to integrate someone religiously than ethnically , but it is possible . 
  ahmed 's clock block - nothing unreasonable . 
  people are on edge because due to isis influence and because countries do nothing to show the world they will reign extremists in . 
  you can see how slippery slope it is from caution to islamophobia here . 
  isis islamic - rob reiner was right here . 
  again maher makes a good point - why not engage saudi arabia , iran or surrounding states to keep the peace and find a solution ? 
  although i do think he overrates the opposition of moderates to the extremists ; we wo n't get moderates on our side if we consider them potential terrorists and isolate them . 
  debate about islam - sam harris echo 's hitchens ' statement about not confusing islamophobia with criticism of islam . 
  for god 's sake let him talk , ben . 
  empowering reformists and people who oppose isis is a very good point . 
  in his twisted way ben did agree with sam without even realizing it ; ben wanted to stamp the extremism where it happens , while sam wanted to promote the opposition to extremism , they merely disagreed about the scale . 
  all in all maher tried to be objective and find `` the point '' both sides fail to see . 
  i do n't think he tried to push any agenda , he multiple times said he did n't want to go with the islam = terrorism rhetoric . 
  i find myself agreeing with him and i 'm probably as against anti-muslim or pro-refugee as you can get . 
  could i see a source on that ? 
  i personally liked john oliver 's piece on it - i do n't think its point was to be objective , but to promote not treating coming muslims like potential terrorists and making people notice they 're decent human being just like you and me . 
  treating muslims like terrorists will only push them towards isolation and that only leads to abandonment and radicalization - and that 's how you get terrorists . 
   the only example they 're likely to follow is if i start lynching refugees . 
  kind of suggested that . 
  but i may have misunderstood . 
  i 'd like to see a source on the education bit . 
  no general population should be feared as a whole because of actions of the few . 
  would you like atheists to be denied rights due to actions of communists ? 
  or christians denied rights because of the actions of christian zealots ? 
  same logic applies here . 
  most muslims would only become more radicalized because they were treated like potential terrorists and that 's exactly what terrorist groups want . 
  same could be said of christians and non-christian countries they conquered . 
  very few bother doing that - you seem to suggest over a billion muslims are nothing but missionaries and converters , while the fact of the matter is most do n't give a damn about religion or islam . 
  managed reduction of population is not what 's happening right now - it 's basically a sharp decrease of young people and . 
  pension crises are already here and automation is n't coming for a good 20 to 50 years . 
  you can not blame countries for trying to stamp out this economic hugeass hole . 
  even then i highly doubt that 'll matter - europe will just stand outnumbered and marginalized at the end and i 'd rather not see that happen because we preferred to die off rather than find compromise or a sustainable solution . 
  well yes , spreading islam but following laws are kind of exclusive for the most part . 
  but same goes for other silly laws like killing infidels or stoning homosexuals , same thing we have in the bible . 
  yes because over a billion muslims care about nothing but doing just that . 
  you consider muslims as beings who only understand the language of violence , for instance . 
  they 're no barbarians man , and there 's a reason they 're going to europe and not to china for instance . 
  and it 's not to spread sharia . 
  10x is a wild overstatement . 
  they average 1 ~ more child per family iirc . 
  would you rather europeans die off out of pure aversion to breeding like the japanese do right now and be marginalized anyway ? 
  or would you rather integrate muslims , educate them * now * and create something together with your combined merits ? 
  also , do you so poorly believe in european values and heritage that you think muslims would just reject them outright ? 
  there 's a reason they want to live in europe and that 's not to spread sharia . 
  it seems to make people around them hateful * towards them * because they fear what is coming but for the most part did n't bother seeing them for their own eyes . 
  islamophobia at its finest and no offense but you seem to partake in it . 
  the refugees are no dire animals ; they 're young people , mothers and children for heaven 's sake . 
  that does n't mean i oppose organizing the refugees or their respetive integration however . 
  there 's laws to be upheld . 
  it is quran 's bidding to follow laws of non muslim countries . 
  they may disagree and it 's their right to do so within purview of free speech ; violence however is prohibited and they should follow the laws lest be subject to penalties . 
  the problem never lied with muslims ; it lied with religious privilege and courts condoning inhumane acts just because they were religiously motivated . 
  a typical muslim does not actually murder or rape more than any other human being - at least not that i 've seen in terms of statistical proof . 
  i did not mean to suggest they abandoned their cultures . 
  i said they were no longer uniform , that they embraced the minorities and took parts of countries they either conquered or colonized throughout history . 
  in a sense you do lose out on what original , say - british are - but then you remember they were saxons in the first place  i 'm a progressive so you may disagree , but to me modern countries should be above a uniform ethnic/cultural identity . 
  not to say it 's not important , just not something that should have a defined shape . 
  experiences , customs , rules and beliefs and i believe the end result is the better culture for all . 
  take in the good , reject the bad . 
  i believe same thing can be done with muslims and their beliefs . 
  history shows isolationist cultures are doomed to failure in the long term . 
  japanese actually do have a bit of a cultural crisis without immigrants due to its long exposure to us culture after a long period of isolation . 
  it takes the form of a mix of cultural repression ( discipline , hard work , xenophobia and strong sense of competition ) and its respective outcry . 
  ( bubblegum pop , sexual tones , crazy anime/hentai , openness to abroad and all the color lacking in personal/professional lives reflected in contrasting media ) . 
  yes , because over a billion muslims rape and practice jihad on a regular basis . 
  thing is that 's not what they are for the most part . 
  muslims with criminal records - this argument i get , though . 
  what loliger said . 
  in a sense we have us to thank for war on terror which led to muslims being alienated in europe which led to them adopting an us vs them mentality which led to rise of extremism . 
  the response is , sadly , also extreme for both sides of political sphere . 
  too late for that . 
  also what basis do you have to let everyone else through but not muslims ? 
  there 's something wrong about equalizing who mohammad was and his present day followers word for word and applying that to the general muslim population . 
  european countries stopped being uniform cultures they moment it started colonizing and i was taught in the mentality that those countries embraced immigrants as part of their cultural heritage . 
  i 'd say it 's more like 50 but for the present it does n't make my argument less valid . 
  not at all - people of other cultures and religions will grow numerous as europeans and christians dwindle . 
  it 's not pumping , it 's simple flow . 
  but then your economy will stagnate and nobody will do all those jobs you do n't want . 
  that is the point , but it 's a point admittedly quite under represented right now . 
  it 's not trying to say what you did however , it 's more along the lines of `` your fear of refugees is unfounded and you should notice they 're normal people just like you and me . '', 
  i am as clueless as you are . 
  hungary safeguards europe from kebab . 
  - what it says . 
  those are n't exactly the ones people have problems with or have a violent/lawbreaking history . 
  and you can take steps to teach the opposite . 
  lead by example . 
  returning the hate is the easy way , but is no solution . 
  that 's what terrorists and far right groups would like you to believe . 
  you do n't hate for the sake of hating , you hate because you are taught to hate or are subject to conditions that make you hate . 
  the bible has many teachings that can interpreted as hateful just like the quran 's - it is the individual that makes the decision to put them into practice . 
  the matter lies in creating conditions where people can not create , promote or uphold an us-them mentality when it comes to differences , no matter their nature because that 's when people start considering violence as a solution .
