  you 're dealing with an outside threat , not an interior one . 
  wahhabism and salafism promoted by saudi arabia , the syria crisis with no end in sight , isis having funds to influence uk 's mosques , spreading propaganda . 
  why is isis , a ragtag of muslim extremists able to influence or even be attractive to uk youths ? 
  want to deal with terrorists ? 
  i 'd start there , rather than surrender to terror . 
  curtailing muslim rights is * exactly * what the terrorists want you to do . 
  no better way to prove the west 's decadence and fill extremist ranks . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  we do n't have oil or the gigantic sea , but we have lots of agricultural land , forests and means to tap geothermal energy . 
  at the moment the primary preoccupation seems to be being dividing poles into who is really polish and who are n't , seemingly invading muslims ( we have ~ 2 % migrants ) and shaking up the communist/postcommunist past for criminal history . 
  our attempts at social welfare right now are to give 500 zl per kid born . 
  totally smart policy . 
  the former seems more likely , congestion and income inequality does that . 
  i do n't see uk becoming a bank happy tax haven any time soon . 
  migrants are n't the problem . 
  they never were . 
  the problem is radicalisation and lack of integration . 
  let me ask you this - what culture ? 
  uk has been defined by its occupants , invaders and been enriching itself by the countries it invaded throughout history . 
  if they threaten uk * now * , what is the point of origin ? 
  what is the state of culture you want to return to ? 
  before muslims ? 
  before the polish ? 
  before the french ? 
  before the germans ? 
  who defines what makes the culture ? 
  when and where does it begin and end ? 
  my apologies for going against the circlejerk , but i find culture an outdated concept for the most part . 
  used to be second japan before second ireland . 
  now it 's second hungary . 
  i can only wish we were a second norway . 
  so , much like the animal in question . 
  it 's like having too much choice on the market . 
  you do n't know what is real and what 's not and it 's unfeasible in time ( at that age ) to firmly distinguish . 
  and more subject to bias , unable to be critical of what they 're taught due to the influx of information . 
  oh , here i was thinking he considered trump an animal . 
  better than the actual status of legalisation may imply . 
  i do n't deny anything you said . 
  it 's not surprising , being `` normal '' and grey like the rest of poles just does n't get any attention . 
  as poland , we even have man and woman defined marriage in the constitution . 
  lgbt policies to legalise marriage or alike are considered `` promoting '' homosexuality and the recent equality march is considered `` showing off sexuality '' . 
  tolerance is better off , there 's just prejudice against any lgbt activism , as if they were all flamboyant deviants . 
  it 'll take a while with clergy being as influential as it is . 
  right , but the point i believed was to make a self reflection on polish people and their level of crime , i do n't see how it 's comparable . 
  i do n't disagree , you may be unto something there , but the case in point is not called by international law as much as eu solidarity and eu laws . 
  i 'd add learning language if you want to stay and we 're chill i think . 
  no , but its a scale and severity is incomparable to mena countries . 
  the reason we did n't have any terrorist attacks is because we do n't harbour them for better or worse of it . 
  hardly , we integrate quite well to my knowledge . 
  what is the point you 're making through this ? 
  greece and italy and other states need eu 's help in one way or another . 
  we must show solidarity if we can - and we can - or eu is pointless beyond an economic agreement . 
  its more stable but its also lacking in diversity , contrast , colour . 
  it 's not superior , but its safe . 
  well if you put it that way , it makes this sound more like self pity than islamophobia , which is honestly not surprising me for some reason . 
  still , 2 million is not quite that many for 80 something million people . 
  id be surprised they distinguished anyone from themselves . 
  i 'm yet to hear one from our pm , i 'm admittedly down with punishment if it 's the latter as you say . 
  we have committments and should help out one way or another ; not at all changes things . 
  we were poor , not uncivilised . 
  you implied them unwilling to integrate , just because they came for a crappy job for some pocket change ( like many poles around europe ) does n't imply anything of the sort . 
  no , i wholeheartedly agree . 
  which why i said i may be under bias . 
  such is my belief as well . 
  incidents are normal . 
  crime is normal . 
  you deal with it . 
  this - this is different . 
  no other people settle in a state and demands its laws to adapt to them and not the other way around and turn violent if they 're not obeyed . 
  harboring such persons is not sustainable . 
  yeah , germany kind of rubbed off on us a few times in history and it ended badly . 
  yeah , they mostly run cheap vietnamese import street bazaar shops out here . 
  not so high earning from what i know , but they keep to themselves and do n't make any trouble so they 're chill . 
  globalism gets bad rep because it 's mostly associated with rich white wall street ceo 's trying to make the world a hugeass multicorp . 
  that 's the dystopian version of it , so i can get the criticism . 
  we do have turks . 
  mostly run kebab and shisha joints so they 're fairly distinct . 
  nowhere near germany but there 's a few . 
  nope . 
  the ideal of globalism means we start caring for the impoverished regions and start settling new ones ( sea , air , previously inhospitable regions and obviously colonisation ) so it wouldnt be so bad . 
  that is true to some extent , i roll my eyes when i see articles trying to prove theres a muslim invasion for instance , as if there was a planned rereconquista . 
  no , enforcing quotas , enforcing anything is a problem . 
  i 'm fine with any commonly agreed solution , not to go `` do it or face sanctions '' - that 's just being tyrannical and * not * what europe is about . 
  yeah , because polish imports are dirt cheap and even in poland we do n't have many mulitilangual products . 
  i 'd import them too for the price . 
  it 's not some appropriation , it 's being frugal . 
  each according to their own or by any other means , not enforcing quotas . 
  the number is n't the problem , the precedent is . 
  we actually do accept and attempt to accommodate plenty ukrainians , which is another reason we ca n't tear away resources for the syrians . 
  none . 
  the ideal is n't bad just because a few cultures reject it and wish to abuse it to enforce and replace it with their own . 
  for tolerance and liberty to exist paradoxically absolute tolerance and absolute liberty can not exist . 
  there 's nothing i find inherently beneficial to being born in one place over another or be of one creed or religion over another or be born of a particular skin color - we 're humans at core and find that the denominator most beautiful . 
  pope francis is not the vatican as much as we 'd like . 
  we still actually still send hundreds of thousands to vatican just to finance it for some reason . 
  clergy is plenty strong in poland and is lowkey influencing policy and elections is what i meant by that . 
  the legal process of accepting refugees , theoretically speaking the refugees should not cross the border . 
  naturally that 's not what i suggested , but doing that and then asking us to follow rules afterward feels odd to say the least . 
  i may have been misinformed on that one , then , probably meshed eu leadership with germany which leads such negotiations , my bad . 
  does n't change my end stance , though .
