  really ? 
  i believe polish had one of the higher scores statistically as integration goes ( we actually find english easy as polish accent is not something that bothers us in learning languages , most young people know english and can speak it at least on a conversational level ) and scored higher than multiple generation migrants , but it may be just our biased media . 
  there 's nothing wrong with adding culture of your own as export/import or restaurants are the best ways for fresh migrants to earn money , the issue comes when you 're enforcing it on others . 
  i feel you man , but eu was designed to be a voluntary cooperation , not an enforcement of rules by hegemonies . 
  each state has to be respected and it 's issues weighed equally against its members . 
  that said i 'm down to help greece and i 'm ok with punishing poland if we offer no solution of our own . 
  being a vatican and us boot licking country with a disdain for diversity , backwards in civilisation in terms of lgbt and abortion rights and the overall power grab to be a pseudo authoritarian pilsudski state to name a couple . 
  yeah , we have a habit of denying being abused , go figure . 
  germany bending rules now enforcing rules on poland - that . 
  the idea of eu refugee quotas as per article are germany 's initiative iirc . 
  i ca n't say they 're leftist with a straight face , i consider leftist policies if they 're investments with public benefit justification , not a waste of money . 
  i 'm not admitting any mistakes , there 's plenty of things i criticize my country or/and government for , but not being bullied into accepting people that do n't want to live here is not one of those things . 
  to be fair that was us 's initiative . 
  we were merely being loyal allies , not that i commend my country for doing so . 
  i fail to see the connection you 're trying to make . 
  over sanctions , i 'm willing to say poland could make a 180 and at the moment it 's oddly one of eu 's fervent supporters . 
  just imo , i 'm down for a more case by case approach and helping in one 's own way . 
  anything is better than a hegemony of western states vs it 's outliers . 
  free movement is harder - mind you the ideal of free movement was created primarily for europeans , but single market - sure . 
  those 2 are less values , more conveniences and tools to make the entirety mesh better . 
  certainly not all of them if that 's the end result . 
  religious conservative populists , but close enough . 
  i do n't envy the greek , but that 's the purpose of controlled migration , which imo it was once it reached central europe . 
  not at all , i agree a solution has to be found , benefits and burdens shared together etc ; we will not do it by coercion to both us and the migrants however . 
  there 's plenty of other ways one can help refugees than open their houses to them . 
  sanctioning poland would make eu worse than russia in poland . 
  even russia did n't do that to us . 
  not * just * different personally or nationally . 
  i do n't care about the skin color or anything of the sort . 
  the problem is the unwillingness to integrate and in some cases willingness to enforce their culture on their host 's , especially if the culture is violent or backwards in terms of civilisation . 
  i 'm willing to give anyone a fair chance , but experience of other countries shows there 's something to improve on to put it mildly should we ever get to have an increased number of migrants . 
  ha , fair assessment of poland if i ever saw one . 
  to be fair this is going into naming semantics , the migrant-refugee is mostly an issue of law and benefit allowance and the latter is rather poor in ours . 
  but ... 
  they seriously do n't want to live here . 
  there was even a notorious piece of news where a family got accepted , given a house , a job and allowance , locals helping out but they left without saying a word next week because they preferred to leave for germany . 
  we 're not a rich country and we do n't offer high social benefits , that 's the harsh truth why they do n't want to stay with us . 
  you can accept that or force them to stay and i 'm not fond of the latter solution . 
  most of them , yes . 
  others , it 's just colonial legacy . 
  at some point you stop favouring nationals to foreigners but until we have that choice we make use of it . 
  i 'm personally fond of the canadian approach . 
  solving issues together and working together , a bit different . 
  sharing a burden is fine when we agree to it together that 's the best solution , not when it 's enforced . 
  yep , but i admit those countries points are underrepresented ; the lasting effects of the west we aspire to is more taken into attention . 
  a decentralised world federation or tightly knit alliance for the purpose of humankind challenges is something that i would ideally like to see , yes . 
  i 'm down for doing our part , it 's accepting people against both parties will is the issue . 
  we did accept refugees as per the refugee process but rejected the quotas . 
  there 's just so few that wanted to settle in poland specifically , somewhat proving the point that were dealing with migrants and not refugees by that point . 
  i certainly would . 
  so i would n't like to be forced to stay in poland ;p, 
  no , but it was germany 's idea which felt hypocritical at the time , iirc . 
  i 'm a left wing atheist but i think anything that shows off and tries to stand out too much is rather frowned upon in poland . 
  eg the equality march is considered not so much immoral as `` showing off sexuality '' . 
  i 'm not the best person to answer you second question . 
  my personal one would be european values of democracy , secularism liberalism and being an example of civilisation for our peers . 
  thanks mate , i think fighting for a pan european identity is a good baby step to achieve in our lifetime in that direction . 
  i think only skinheads care about skin color these days . 
  i do n't blame germany for doing what they did , as you said it was an extraordinary situation , but i do n't respect germany for wanting to enforce their decision on others so they also share its burden . 
  having no plan is a another problem entirely and hopefully a learning experience for the future . 
  no , it does n't and like i said , i 'm not opposed to them seeking happiness wherever they 'd like , but they should n't be kept in countries against their will nor be considered on par with refugees that actually have a dire need of assistance . 
  crime is an easy problem compared to cities within cities , closed communities rejecting authorities , not willing to learn the language and not respecting law . 
  crime itself is not something foreigners are different in from the natives . 
  i feel quite alive , thanks :p, 
  tatars took hundreds of years and harsh laws to integrate . 
  they were n't bent by humanitarianism , democracy and tolerance . 
  it was either giving them independence or heavy oppression . 
   just admit to xenophobia . 
  i 'd be the last one to admit to that . 
  i know , leftism is just very uncommon for polish standards at the moment ( not a single leftist party in sejm )  people like you need to realize that globalism as a 21st century goal is a pipe dream , it may become a sensible path to follow around the year 2070 and onwards into the 22nd century , but not now . 
  perhaps , perhaps not . 
  it 's an ideal to strive to , not a plan to be achieved by date . 
  because i 'm a leftist and globalist at heart , but i can see where my countrymen are coming from . 
  right , but you would 've thought it would 've rubbed off on us by now and we 'd have more . 
  the friction and contrast is felt as we may well see . 
   a huge portion of them are refugees , you ca n't just deny facts like that . 
  refugees , by definition , are to live in countries in safe neighbourhood to the country of conflict and most did indeed . 
  mediterranean countries are debatable , going any further makes the refugee a migrant . 
   yes , leaving people to die is the european way , sure . 
  i do n't deny those persons help , but if you travel a few states all the way from syria through turkey , balkans and eastern europe to e.g. 
  germany , you do n't seek safety and basic needs , you seek benefits . 
  i 'm going to even say that 's fine , they 're free to make a new life wherever they like , but calling them refugees by that point is a stretch . 
  let 's be blunt here for a moment , persons that traveled from syria all the way to e.g. 
  sweden are * not * refugees . 
  they are migrants . 
  they 're not going anywhere and we both know that . 
  from the polish perspective , germany broke its own rules by accepting refugees into its country then expected other states to clean up and share the burden of their miscalculation . 
  that said , i wish we could have helped in any other manner in the spirit of european solidarity , but being forced to accept migrants that do n't even want to live in our country is not the right way , nor the european way . 
  i double checked my sources , i stand corrected . 
  i believe only a couple balkan states have less in general ( as of 2015 ) . 
  still , 1.8 % , very low for scale of country right next to germany . 
  that we do . 
  slavic people , germans and a handful of turks and jews , but mostly ukrainians , yes . 
  admittedly we are chill with european nationals , just not mena migrants simply because how wildly different and incompatible their culture is with ours . 
  hate to admit it , but it 's true . 
  poland has ~ ~ fewest ~ ~ one of fewest migrants % in europe is just downright afraid of taking in any that are n't familiar . 
  we look at west and see migrants abusing laws , disrespecting culture and customs and refusing to integrate , do n't get me started on crime and terrorist attacks ( the latter of which we have a miniscule amount ) . 
  most just believe we have enough concerns as is . 
  there 's just no benefit seen to bringing in more people by the average pole and i do n't see a point in forcing migrants to live to a country they do n't want to , neither . 
  i 'm sold .
