  well fact of the matter great of media in poland is german-owned . 
  it is difficult not to feed pis conspiracy theorists given how media were friendly towards po - the previous ruling party - and is now strict with pis . 
  that said poland is way too sensitive . 
  i mean there 's otherr ways of entertaining yourselves than getting drunk shitless . 
  i do n't think we 'd dig associating ourselves with nazis . 
  catholic vanguard state , maybe . 
  that does n't sound right . 
  kim kardashian was n't even popular in poland . 
  leftists - postcommie sympathisers basically . 
  hopefully there 'll come a leftist party that changes this mentality . 
  supporters of the new leader love their `` a-ha ! '', 
  arguments . 
  objectivity is fairly scarce on both sides . 
  and for polish standards , compared to rest of europe that 's really not very leftist . 
  i think the main difference lies is how the previous government went around it . 
  do n't mean to justify either party , mind you . 
  po at least tried to do its best to comply with the constitutional tribunal , whilst pis does n't play ball at all and dictates its ( ie , kaczy\u0144ski 's , let 's not delude ourselves here ) conditions to how it should work when it does n't agree with them and passes `` reforms '' on it overnight . 
  i think it 's not as bad as you think . 
  entry of turkey would mean more turkish migrants for sure , but would also mean their easier integration since their movement as well as education and exposure to western values would be that much more coordinated and defined . 
  it 's definitely a long term win in my book . 
  the apt counter question is ... which ones ? 
  noted . 
  kurds are a very varied group . 
  i just find it weird how divided they are over the 4 states . 
  yeah , we 're working on it . 
  i think if turkey removes erdogan from power and restores democracy i 'm sure we can talk . 
  supporting kurds seems like the most obvious outcome first and foremost , but i 'm sure the turks here would disagree and the superpowers would n't dare agitate turkey ... unless russia . 
  it 's easy to drown in stereotypes when your country is practically in the middle of europe next to germany and has less than 2 % migrants at the same time . 
  any wave of migrants is likely to leave social repercussions . 
  prevent ? 
  probably not . 
  discourage it , make it frowned upon ? 
  yes . 
  it 's never too late for the market , i 'm more worried about political apathy and current influence of megacorps . 
  aspirations like that are fine ; but you have to earn those by other means than money . 
  it 's just a matter of directing thought processes , that they do not and should not gain power over others with money . 
  i never met a pathological altruist honestly . 
  i am not a psychologist , not qualified to answer this question . 
  a sociopath to my limited knowledge is a person devoid of empathy willing to use and manipulate people and treat his surroundings as tools without any semblance of guilt , they 've no hesitation to use others and usually imitate positive emotions instead of actually feeling them . 
  there was some statistic made that 30 % of big time businessmen are sociopaths and that led to their ill-earned success . 
  perhaps not directly intended , but they work best this way - a migrant has to learn norwegian/swedish and even then wo n't be treated completely like a swede - saw some example from norway of a studied experienced doctor knowing norwegian but being foreign forces him to only be a taxi driver . 
  people just ca n't imagine the same nordic system like in canada working for a large country . 
  it 's not radical , but it works . 
  i 'm not against free market or self-interest , merely against their abuses and that 's a difference . 
  i do n't mean to limit business in any shape or form unless it brings harm to the people , environment or country 's welfare and other factors of a wider importance . 
  i do n't mean to say i 'm advocating the same system , merely that until a better system exists , i advocate for an imo successful system that is currently applied in smaller countries and apply it in a larger scale and see what happens and for now . 
  i do n't mean to promote altruism over self-interest , that 's impossible in this short time period , maybe in a couple generations . 
  what i mean to suggest is to by policies align self-interest with altruistic behavior and make it profittable for businesses to not be assholes . 
  other businesses would follow because that 's the rules and consumers would be more sensitive to what businesses do and take interest that they stay on this track , ideally . 
  politically i have a different idea , imo tweaking the swiss direct democracy system would work best . 
  the more decentralised the power and the closer it is to the people and engaging the people the better it works , imo . 
  a system where less than half people vote shows people 's apathy that nothing can change and people 's engagement in local politics needs to change if we 're to affect our politicians . 
  imo if politicians worked their way up from local city councils all the way up , i think they 'd think 5 times before turning into populism or vote selfishly . 
  your doubts are another reason those long-term measures need to be undertaken . 
  it wo n't solve the problem but imo the more we promote positive behaviors and discourage negative ones , the better for our future . 
  i do n't disagree there 's fishy stuff going on with the current packages and there 's some german interest involved , my point regarded greece way earlier that led to this series of events . 
  i could start from saying greece should n't have joined the eu or the euro in the first place . 
  certainly better than being a pathological sociopath , no ? 
  that was my point as well in some other reply . 
  the point is to take the best out of capitalism like competition and self-interest and take out the bad abuses . 
  i too prefer to regulate it or tweak it and instead of scrapping it . 
  i 'm just hoping it 's not too late . 
  there really is no left wing in poland as i see it . 
  only liberals and conservatives/right wing . 
  that 's why i said no nordic countries ironically ; the problem with scandinavian states is that they are intended to be very closed states based on national trust , something very challenged by the refugee crisis . 
  the other states diminished national identity significance and while they encounter issues as any multicultural country , they are much better states and people as a whole imo . 
  i mean , canada is a walking polite person stereotype - this did n't come out of nowhere . 
  if you can promote people to be brought up in a more positive manner and promote certain behaviors and make altruist principles a voting issue , business and more selfless politicians * will * follow , even if not directly . 
  if nothing else , then greed should halt other people 's greed  even that is good for starters . 
  yay , agreement ^ _ ^, 
  i can understand that . 
  to me there 's always room for improvement when it comes to stamping out and discouraging purely negative behaviors . 
  imo the definition of greed changes and was subjective since people exist , so by your definition it would be stamped out from the very beginning . 
  eh , reddit at least tries to discuss things . 
  when i see forums like onet.pl i only see trolls , strawmans and ad hominems . 
  i do n't think you can because what is natural self-interest now may be outright greed in a couple hundred years . 
  damn , that 's a tough question . 
  i do n't mean to be biased but i personally like the nordic model employed by countries other than the nordics ironically ( think canada , new zealand , iceland ) it 's basically free market economy with regulatory measures that stimulate certain positive behaviors and curtail certain negative ones . 
  i think , for now at least , this could work . 
  really ? 
  to me it 's polish politics as usual . 
  it most certainly can , but it does so rarely compared to anonymous individuals , nor is it as harmful usually because it affects the majority as well . 
  conditions are usually very dire for people to be openly greedy or egotistical . 
  if people decide the current system is fine it 's level of greed that is acceptable to them . 
  i ca n't think of a better solution , it is a lot of people an individual could possibly affect negatively , so it is only just that this majority decides whether whatever the individual is offering in exchange is worth the harm and have the right to accept it or reject it . 
  time frame depends on scale . 
  i do n't believe self-interest can be stamped out , merely greed . 
  i think it is possible to promote better alternatives that are n't as harmful or are actually beneficial . 
  people learn , adapt , can be motivated by and ultimately evolve by different factors . 
  civilization should be about promoting positive behaviors while discouraging the negatives as part of upbringing ; it can be affected in multiple ways , all of them better than `` accept greed as human nature and do nothing about it '' . 
  democracy does , so in this case , the majority affected by the individual . 
  i am representing a proud minority of polish social liberal hipsters . 
  true , i too support a decentralized rule that goes up instead of a centralized rule that covers all the people down in some shape or form , albeit not exactly in those words you described ; i like centralization that earned its way through the bottom of the roots than none at all . 
  i do n't think the whole `` worker unity '' and an ideology `` in opposition '' as most forms of communism and socialism promote are is really catching for modern times . 
  a higher cause requires to cover government , ideology , economy and religion and imo socialism is , while it has good intentions , divisive on many matters and unnecessarily forceful in others , while imo what we need is something that brings out the good out of people and have that influence those things accordingly . 
  true . 
  and i hope those will get patched out as time goes on . 
  we 're no theocracy yet so i 'm content with the small things :p, 
  i do n't see how lack of a plan is a good plan :p, 
  do n't think so .
