  basically muscly , burly bearded hipster with an axe . 
  women have hilarious fantasies . 
  not burn them down ; breaking them up sure sounds reasonable at this point though . 
  stupid attracts attention . 
  honestly no bank should hold the economy hostage . 
  honestly i like razem , their leader is probably the best well-spoken person i ever saw speaking on politics . 
  well here 's hoping razem raises from the ashes of post communist parties ' and shows a better example . 
  do n't think nobody else can , leftist wise . 
  its sadly all too common in poland . 
  sadly for their already poor image in europe , they are picky . 
  life in poland improved under both leftist and rightist parliaments since 90s . 
  dividing people - bah , dividing * poland * - over the past has honestly brought more damage than good . 
  pis did n't get absolute majority ( ie above 2/3 votes ) that is required to change the constitution ( guarded by the tribunal ) , so pis is making the tribunal ineffective so they can omit both . 
  i do n't think anyone is criticizing that . 
  its not quite not accepting like acceptance really mattered for countries involved . 
  they just dont want to live in poland . 
  would you force them to ? 
  i would n't think so . 
  yeah , a hypocrite is criticizing a hypocrite . 
  poland seems to be taking lessons from us on that bit . 
  i could never understand anti-leftist hate of this extent . 
  it 's just speaking from experience . 
  nothing wrong in noting that down for reference and training purposes . 
  that said the whole site is very clickbait . 
  im opposed to either if that occurs ; i may be biased ( i 'm from poland ) but i see much more generalization towards the left side , the right side is labelled more as xenophobic or just ignorant rather than called nazi or fascist . 
  weird order . 
  should 've been brexpats of berlin say no to brexit . 
  is that who you identify the left with ? 
  that 's like identifying right with nazis , c'mon . 
  drunk or not ca n't deny guy is eccentric in his behavior and attitude , but to be fair that 's really not something people should judge a politician 's worth by . 
  migrants lead to adapting to migrants , which leads to innovation and outward thinking which leads to outward investment and flexibility . 
  it 's nothing to do with fertility imo , though yes in the long term the fertility saves the ever-growing pension fund . 
  getting migrants is hardly a burden , its largely a benefit ; its countries like serbia or greece that have issues with refugees and migrants - they literally can not accommodate them fast enough and yes those countries need eu 's help either deporting them back or finding a living in other countries , including the v4 if the migrants will be willing to live there . 
  its not britain or germany that has those issues - those countries to all evidence largely benefitted from it . 
  knowing poland our politicians will probably fight tooth and nail to accept as few migrants as possible at a time or as discreetly as possible , but imo it 's only delaying what 's a natural course of movement of people . 
  its a million or two of migrants on a whole continent , it 's really nothing that europe can not manage knowing its history . 
  its the fear , poor coordination and passing the hot potato that 's messing countries up and is backfiring on the migrants . 
  its just a test of response and we failed it , here 's hoping we 'll learn our lesson . 
  now i 'm minority , but i do n't really fear if poland for instance would become a largely english speaking country in say a hundred or two years . 
  we can either work together and find a common language and common values and common do 's and do n'ts or we do n't and we fall behind . 
  closing oneself to the world has never solved one 's country 's problems . 
  they wo n't fine imho , v4 has too much leverage . 
  fact of the matter is no migrant or refugee wants to live in v4 countries , it makes no sense to force them and the countries involved to accommodate each other . 
  the whole parent culture erosion is just nationalist/populist bs for the most part imo , in fact all economic evidence points that we could use * more * migrants for diversity , promoting values of tolerance , nullifying xenophobia , making markets more open for foreign investors , more fluid movement of capital and hence tie poland with rest of europe more ... but noone really looks that far and just sees terrorism in migrants ... chances are most of them did n't meet more than a couple foreigners their whole life and are just fearful of the unknown and susceptible to those pandering to those fears . 
  nah , i think eu enthusiasm wise poland is leading in eastern europe actually . 
  yeah , sure . 
  to be honest polish do n't really * care * . 
  for most its just a tool to get european funds for their business or a means to cross border to work abroad . 
  just another piece on bureaucracy an average pole cares little about on a daily basis . 
  even if most know little , its not really based on ignorance as much as pure lack of interest since we have no reasons to be suspicious of eu . 
  after all , we get a lot from it and got neither migrants nor syrian war refugees . 
  in that scenario boris and farage would be those whiny dps 's that complain about shitty tanking . 
  huh ? 
  why is that ? 
  but you can do all that money working from home , did n't you see the ads ? 
  silver lining much . 
  here 's hoping it gets abandoned . 
  something something warsaw ? 
  please ? 
  c'mon , this is satire , not harassment . 
  or should i say , banter ? 
  which mep 's ? 
  you mean ones like farage that did n't do jack ? 
  you cooperate with what you get . 
  we did what we could to keep uk in , there is no blame that can be put on juncker or the eu . 
  it wo n't any time soon . 
  not until we 'll have our own migrants to keep and actually realize there 's other nationalities than polish existing . 
  we try to maintain a strong position in europe yet in terms of social progress we are in the conservative catholic back end , if not to say black hole . 
  one wo n't happen without the other . 
  few months is very optimistic . 
  his successor will have a literal shitton to fix and chances are whoever takes uk leadership will commit political suicide . 
  chances are , for the long term , scots and ireland will get independence , get back to eu and drag england + wales back in by peer pressure , this time just without special tratement . 
  what would you suggest he should have done ? 
  ban the referendum ? 
  give eu into uk 's hands ? 
  uk already was for the most part given special treatment in many regards . 
  name someone stemming from luxembourg who * was n't * 20 years ago . 
  what matters is the present , no ? 
  different positions call for different perspectives . 
  he was a finance minister of luxembourg so he looked out for luxembourg . 
  now he is part of eu , so he looks out for eu 's problems and interests in a broader perspective ; tax havens and legal tax avoidance may be blessings to individual countries but its a bane to the global economy . 
  i do n't see anything strange in considering national politicians that are now part of a since-then way more integrated eu as conservative if not impeding progress . 
  that does n't show a lack of understanding , he just moved on and expects others to do so as well . 
  maybe i 'm missing some context or misread the case , but by the looks of it he did n't exactly promote illegal tax deals or abuse his position , he just played by the rules as they were given and the infrastructure as it was for the betterment of his country ; that does n't exactly soil his qualifications , if anything it gave him insight on how to deal with the problem . 
  what matters is if he 's impeding/rejecting reform now and how do his efforts look like right now . 
  could i have a source on that please ? 
  `` never done a proper job in your life '' - says the guy who comes to the eu just to bloat on occassion , did n't file a single reform , has one of worst presence stats and just collects his paycheck . 
  proof ? 
  lol that orban slap . 
  `` dictator '' . 
  why have n't i seen this before ? 
  love how tusk looks befuddled next to him rofl . 
  looks like somebody did n't manage to graduate : /, 
  sounds about right . 
  it 's like poland wants to be eu 's texas or something . 
  it 'd be awesome if we won of course , but iceland has way fancier plot armor . 
  honestly would n't even be mad if we got to finals and lost to iceland . 
  there 's a / r/eu4 reference here somewhere . 
  uh huh . 
  muslims make for a lot of children :p i see no point discussing this further .
