  - as a result , a lot of political drama - threat of backtracking on progressive reforms ( e.g. 
  in vitro , abortions ) - overall religiosity due to affliations with rydzyk 's electorate ( a very corrupted priest running his local church and religious radio like a business ) - hardline rather than compromise-seeking on the international scene - very kaczy\u0144ski-oriented party . 
  not a lot of people speaking their mind , just a lot of drones that repeat the same things they 're told to repeat ; there were many points among the campaign where a lot of pis 's members were literally echoing the same sentences to the media . 
  the president and pis 's current chief all heed to the mastermind behind the scenes . 
  this might lead to drop outs if things go awry . 
  remember , they hold majority with only about 12 votes ( at the moment , two parties are on the verge of entering and breaking their majority ) . 
  - a lot of promises of expenses without any hint of what would cover them . 
  even as a leftie i found them just unreasonable and populist-like . 
  with how much they promised to do , if they wo n't be removed from power in 4 years or earlier by just sheer drama , they 'll likely crumble under the weight of their promises and either nowoczesna ( the reasonable po 2.0 ) or razem ( the new leftist party , no post commies ) will likely replace them . 
  i wish them luck all the same and hope my worries will not be confirmed , though . 
  iirc nowoczesna are classic liberals , not social liberals . 
  the whole social bit and how rightist or leftist it is depends on the degree in context of a given political scene . 
  what is social to denmark might be outright commie to us . 
  as far as i 'm concerned poland has more of a liberal-progressive-conservative split than a right-left one . 
  i know of literally noone besides me holding genuine leftist views and when i speak of my views all i get is that i 'm a commie that should die off . 
  ... turkey has an opposition ? 
  strange to hear this from a canadian , given multiculturalism worked out in canada more than in any other country in the world . 
  i wouldnt put it below them . 
  it 's not easy to change lgbt rights as we have anti lgbt law printed into our constitution ( something along the lines of `` marriage is only between man and woman '' ) . 
  all leftist parties aspire to this but none can achieve it as long as leftists or liberals do n't hold constitutional majority . 
  and that my dear friend will likely take a while . 
  if it is its some kind of a low ball star . 
  iirc liberals are pro abortion by definition , unless it 's nowoczesna you are referring to . 
  sadly it is . 
  whenever i discuss politics with anyone all i get is that i 'm a commie that wants to steal people 's money ... 
  my god do polish puns sting extra hard . 
  never did i like korwin more than now . 
  if they go through pis loses majority . 
  oppression from your own culture sounds just a tad nicer than that by a foreign one i suppose . 
  thankfully they did n't live long enough to see this . 
  when did they ever do that ? 
  i think you generalize with the western leftists . 
  trust me , you would n't . 
  it 's ... the other way around ( ie that applies to rightists , not leftists ) , usually , at least in poland , in my experience . 
  it is rightists and conservatives ( korwinists , usually ) that dominate polish forums and if you have anything resembling leftists views you 're officially a commie that should die . 
  poland has no real leftist electorate , just an opposition to conservatives at best . 
  they promised a lot of stuff but ended up not passing it because of crisis and because they wanted to keep the majority so much they did n't want to pass anything controversial . 
  i do n't think much changed with that since then ... 
  is it , really ? 
  ca n't possibly wait for all the victimization and martyrization . 
  i thought we were way over this :(, 
  it is pis that promised a lot of things like financial support for having children ( 500 z\u0142 per child ) ... money out of thin air ... 
  i really did like razem , they had a lot of good guys on their board , no post commie . 
  great speakers too . 
  i 'm just a leftist . 
  the very idea i should fear in poland for having that sort of opinions just because of the commie connotation is ... daunting . 
  that people really believed in all those promises that have no cover in money or investment makes me really sad about polish awareness of politics . 
  no post commies is good , no leftist party at all is bad :( hoped for razem there . 
  not in the same way or degree . 
  psl keeps catching on because of their interests in worker unions and agrarian families . 
  that has to sting so hard . 
  almost as hard as the two leftist parties taking votes from each other denying both presence in sejm . 
  this sounds so dark right now i do n't know if it 's a joke or not :(, 
  i put my hopes in the fringe parties to either not allow pis to come to power or not allow them pass anything unreasonable should they become coalition members . 
  a lot of assumptions there , i can only hope that will not be the case . 
  i wonder which party they 'd have to coalition with would allow that . 
  not worried about pis given chances for majority are low ; they 'll have to make a coalition with fringe parties again by the looks of it . 
  more intrigued by how and if at all will the newcomers shake up the parliament . 
  things going to be so interesting afterwards . 
  i mean , if that 's your priority ... 
  and that 's impossible for the long term ; you wo n't build a competitive economy without opening yourself up for the world with all its upsides and downsides . 
  it 's a voting card for the ongoing parliament elections . 
  i do believe you that 's the case , though / u/qspure mentioned it like that 's something odd especially in the company of those other traits so i got confused . 
  oh , that 's what you meant . 
  are n't all turkish parties armenian genocide deniers though ? 
  not admit ? 
  you mean , admit ? 
  and beauty playing a large part in young persons job search and options . 
  the issue with islamophobia is not pointing out reason in islamic criticism , it 's shunning of islamic criticism altogether . 
  being critical of islam does not make you islamophobic . 
  my bad then :p, 
  not exactly whataboutism ; i 'm not * excusing * russia for what they did or trying to divert from them ; in fact i did n't mention us in the first place . 
  only what they did is n't really that different to what us would have done or have done in a similar situation . 
  just implying us is not necessarily the good guy in the equation either . 
  i do . 
  i never held us innocent in comparison . 
  well so far we were right so that speaks for our credibility . 
  no , but russia does like to appease serbia . 
  well there was a bit with cuba . 
  sphere of influence , a more apt term . 
  it 's really just cold war ii . 
  if he - russia - reacted to it ( abkhazia/ossetia situation , crimea/eastern ukraine situation ) then it 's enough to warrant calling it caring . 
  pretty sure he does . 
  i doubt the commotion in georgia or ukraine would have ever happened if those states were n't about to consider joining nato . 
  interesting piece of information . 
  social benefits must be massive to accumulate that much though . 
  they obviously would for any problem turkey has i imagine . 
  huh . 
  interesting . 
  is it the same for other countries ? 
  what 's the break down of that 4.1 million ? 
  i find it hard to imagine that 's a yearly expense per immigrant . 
  i 'm pretty sure they tried not once , but the financial institutions and people with accounts in those tax havens thereof lobbied otherwise . 
  people do n't realize how much the world is losing on tax havens . 
  valid point , but is there available data that cover such a small portion of population like refugees ? 
  i believe he was mostly calling out the media that are fearmongering that those are ultimately just normal people - sure he did n't represent the opposing side in an objective light so that 's a valid point of criticism . 
  i did n't see any ignorant statements of note and i watched the video a couple times . 
  i would love to know where he gone wrong there . 
  if that 's the case then i dun goofed and totally misunderstood what he said . 
  still not a really feasible solution though , there 's more effective ways of fighting illegal trafficking .
