  migrants come for 2 % in poland so i am not at all suprised . 
  very long and very narrow corridor in land hardly polish . 
  very unrealistic for the time . 
  interesting piece of history though . 
  strange , i saw a different statistic , those had 2-3 more cm average . 
  maybe self reported ? 
  i 'd say polish chicks dig any foreign men really . 
  we got like no migrants to be had here . 
  i legit fake an english accent and get more attention than i otherwise would 've . 
  i 'm getting a moustache/beard but all that got is make me look more like a hipster . 
  i 'm sure a face tattoo will only make make me look more endearing . 
  that 'd be great . 
  poland still has no waiver visa 's and you 'd think the most loyal ally next to uk and israel would have them . 
  because it 'd likely be used as a tool to spy on citizens , much like us 's . 
  i 'd rather we had none of that . 
  i might be biased but uk feels very much sold to corporate interests much like us . 
  whenever us does something and the whole world disagrees , uk is likely to follow . 
  that was poland . 
  frankly speaking i would too , the location they got moved to was a very middle-of-nowhere agricultural shithole . 
  decent housing and living conditions but no work to be had for a refugee in miles . 
  i recall that number being 10-14k . 
  i personally still find either number small and not a threat . 
  i find the current party more of a threat to poland than that number of refugees . 
  i 'm in minority but when your country has less than 2 % migrants and you wish to deny more you are not a country in threat of losing sovereignty , it 's in threat of closing itself in xenophobic backwardness . 
  not even kettle , more like a pan . 
  i recalled something about dalmatia ( croatia ) men being tallest . 
  not sure why . 
  i 'm a 1.96 m pole but sadly that came with a baby face . 
  ca n't be intimidating for shit . 
  i know man . 
  i was joking . 
  i 'm thinking what kind of person would make this sort of song . 
  probably a fascist . 
  by now it 's almost always explainable . 
  too bad you did n't use this [ donald tusk . 
  ( caption : biggest hippie of polish people 's republic ) ] ( http://demotywatory.pl//uploads/201402/1393014168_vp3uer_600.jpg ), 
  dat misproportional 53 % -47 % . 
  bring back glorious burgundy !, 
  it 's all bark to appease electorate , it never came down to anything of significance ever to follow up . 
  it 's like we want to be a second uk , use nonexistent leverage to get better treatment and look patriotic back home . 
  it lost its symbolic impact , it 's just a landmark these days . 
  bothers only right wing nuts and some old people . 
  every us government promised poland visas and all those promises fell flat . 
  good . 
  the european union solving issues * together * ? 
  inconceivable . 
  its essentially similar , except this is nationality/faith and that is race . 
  how is it completely unrelated ? 
  i did n't change the topic . 
  different approaches yield different results . 
  racial profiling was a total failure , same case here ; it only alienates and puts a stigma not only on them but also on remaining migrants regardless of race , faith or crimes not commited . 
  elaborate how national profiling solves law breaking by said persons . 
  just look for racial profiling in us how good that went . 
  in which case i do n't see a conflict ; need for proper punishment , intervention and lawmaking and need for empathy for those that has no reason to apply to and being against sweeping national profiling are two different things . 
  nope :3 i assumed you were making a different point , my bad . 
  yeah , except it 's always the guys you disagree with seem to be the muggers . 
  again , it 's not about ignoring punishment but about understanding where those that do n't transgress against the law are coming from and treat them according to their actions and not one 's presumptions or actions of their most desperate or most reality-sheltered . 
  i 'm not as that 's not the excuse to deny migrants being used here ; which honestly makes more sense ( ie not favoring refugees that are actually work based migrants and simply treat them accordingly ) . 
  were our positions reversed and you 'd have nothing but desert , rubble , guns and the bible for company i 'm sure you 'd get to similar conclusions . 
  it 's not about ignoring extremists but not judging the rest of peoples through that limited worldview . 
  that 's actually a fair point . 
  i do n't mind that , as long as it 's more constructive than rather broader definition of bad migrant = muslim and good migrant = non muslim or something of the sort . 
  fair enough . 
  i concede that point , though i still find it rather offputting that one being once a migrant can not understand another 's reason to migrate simply because they 're muslim , as if they would n't act like they did if they were brought up similarly . 
  it 's certainly a simplification of muslim migrants ; which are also good and bad and have wildly different upbringings and opinions . 
  and what would you call being against migrants being a migrant himself ? 
  edit : okay , i get the point . 
  the different perspective stems from the [ horseshoe theory . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory ), 
  hard to say , the legislation is a joke itself . 
  you ca n't get more overtly rightist than try introducing a social parasite tax . 
  poland 's in maine , fuck yeah :d also , coastal krakow !, 
  it would be in line with trump . 
  i wonder if brexit is related . 
   russia 's fans so ... russians ? 
  yeah , sweden is a counter example but to be fair poland is right now on the totally opposite side of the spectrum . 
  1.75 % immigrants is rather pathetic for european standard , should aim at about 5 % ~, 
  oh but i am . 
  the polls refer mostly to european/ukrainian , worst case chechen migrants , not so much the refugees or muslims . 
  everyone is much more conservative on that . 
  the australian immigrant model was more aimed at keeping out a too large influx of chinese , not keep educated in in first place . 
  the intent is different . 
  i 'm down for all types of migration to our country , including syrians . 
  the key is just to integrate them on our rules , something we do well even subtly on a daily social interaction basis . 
  i 'm a razem kind of guy at the moment , solely because we need the left back in the sejm , to balance out the too corpo-happy nowoczesna and the social conservative/religious pis which is likely to win together next . 
  i doubt our values will get left back in the lead any time soon . 
  conservative is n't pragmatic , it 's conservative . 
  it is n't driven by pragmatism or reason but by what used to work and what was usually done . 
  you 're looking for social liberal economic conservatives : ^ ) . 
  that said i 'm in a minority but i believe poland out of all countries could use more migrants ( we have fewest in europe ) for international flexibility if nothing else . 
  i 'd say canadian model is best . 
  conservative is n't pragmatic , it 's conservative . 
  it is n't driven by pragmatism or reason but by what used to work and what is usually done . 
  you 're looking for liberal progressives . 
  that said i 'm in a minority but i believe poland out of all countries could use more migrants ( we have fewest in europe ) for international flexibility if nothing else . 
  oh i 'm with you on all these points , i just hate how we 're going towards populist conservatism and going 180 on a lot of progress ; i 'd love nothing less than to to inspire ourselves by nordics or/and canada . 
  iirc po decreased the debt by 5-10 % relative to gdp , pis brought it back up , hitting the constitutional limit . 
  here 's hoping they do n't lift it . 
  i do n't mind and in fact support the rest . 
  no , we do n't .
