  case in point . 
  bruh , alphabetical order please !, 
  you clearly do n't know what lgbt communities are going through . 
  enforcing lgbt laws eu-wide only serves to deepen bigotry and opposition to them . 
  their whole argument is that homosexuality is being pushed down their and their children 's throats . 
  to add to what / u/n1i2e3 said , he 's a great diplomat . 
  eu relations have been great when he was in office . 
  however a prime minister leaving for an eu office sucked the support out of his party , thus leaving room for pis to get power . 
  some unpopular moves made this leave for an eu office an escape from his failures or `` crimes '' alleged by pis . 
  not on board with either party , i like the guy , but i can never tell when he 's being honest and he often comes off as more pretty words than action . 
  it 's cause poland blocks motions to reform the posted workers directive . 
  not quite , there was no talk of alternative solutions on either side to my knowledge . 
  just a pig headed quota plan . 
  oh im not defending our lack of inaction in the crisis , merely the opposition to the quotas and the sanctions . 
  poland is not at fault at least for the latter one , as we always met nato goals . 
  the problem is that this is working one way . 
  theres plenty of things the west should be held responsible to the eu for but wo n't because they 're major members unlike us . 
  the lack of unified plan or anticipation is a eu-wide issue , not of east alone . 
  but we 're punished even though we never agreed to those obligations ? 
  we 're being dictated and blackmailed to pick up for the failures of the west , by the looks of it . 
  makes no sense to agree , not to mention the solution is utter shit that not even the refugees in question approve . 
  yeah there is no quick solution to these sort of issues . 
  the hurry is also harmful . 
  i get solidarity but being outvoted on a forceful measure that goes against the people and the refugees is no way to go around it . 
  this is not the way to solve the problem on any side . 
  i believe the problem is we did n't negotiate any alternative means to solve the problem other than forceful acceptance of quotas . 
  glad to see poland leading in * something * , 
  ca n't say the same for russia 's economy . 
  it makes sense as a diversion so there 's no united opposition , but to what , exactly ? 
  the fact i feel something coming from russia but do n't know what it is is a bit chilling . 
  this does n't sound right to me , i think it would be clearly obvious national politics went out of use since ww ii . 
  as you can see by crimea , it 's more trouble than its worth and i 'm sure putin is aware of that . 
  what lands ? 
  i mean i suppose you can make a case for finland or the baltics , but what about sweden ? 
  i 'm not sure what russia gets out of destabilizing the western world like that . 
  / r/eyebleach, 
  welfare , maybe . 
  citizenship , also . 
  but border control ? 
  just ask us . 
  yes , it can hurt your eyes and fry your brain . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  bring some korean girls as well pls, 
  the difference is indistinguishable in practice , to me at least . 
  i would like to see the relevant statistics please . 
  we sorta do n't . 
  ukrainians on temporary work permits do n't apply , our immigration scale is miniscule ( 2-3 % ) . 
  in poland they mostly run small bazaars and asian cheap import clothing stores . 
  i do n't think i saw one vietnamese person in our uni 's, 
  overwhelming ? 
  it 'd be difficult to even meet the eu quota ( ~ 10k ) , refugees just would n't want to live here . 
  i just appreciate a separate category for kaliningrad . 
  in poland , we have patriot/quasi fascist manifestations and they 're largely tolerated by the local authorities dead to reds and whatnot ; i suppose it 's more `` ours '' though , and less so a cult-like organization like knights templar . 
  color me surprised , i thought hungary is ruled by a conservative government , thus giving some glancing tolerance towards such movements . 
  am i misinformed ? 
  progressive tax makes sense and is n't an issue as such ; i believe abolition of corporate taxes and striving towards least amount of types of taxes is a better approach . 
  reichtangle approves . 
  being a man , i suppose egalitarian is more proper term to use , but it does n't roll off the tongue so well as feminist . 
  i 'm speaking from personal experience , i 've a brother in states who was there for 10 years now , and while we 're both polish , we pretty much talk polglish instead . 
  i can see language being less of a factor defining culture and a rising shift towards language homogenization as time goes on ( as per sweden ) . 
  english is n't an influence of any country in particular , its just the easiest language to learn . 
  so , why no way ? 
  the trend appears to be visible to me at least . 
  about 30 years ago you would n't think english would be the most common language of europe to communicate , but here we are . 
  i wish he spoke in more concrete terms . 
  supporting offices , security efforts and victims is just common sense . 
  he almost nudged the topic of causes of terrorism but spoke of nothing specific . 
  on the other hand i can see the intent being uplifting and dissolving outrage rather than showing his plan . 
  hard arguments please . 
  devil 's advocate a bit , those are * not * the reasons , its fear of terrorism and cultural appropriation , not an influence of values . 
  i do n't think anyone defends this in poland , but nobody directly attacks it either besides feminists and the marginalized left wing that wishes to gain some traction ( no left in polish sejm ) . 
  its a relic of catholic upbringing and sign of its influence in poland . 
  that said it 's all shit , wish we were n't the asshole of europe as far as civil progress and secularization is concerned . 
  i ship this . 
  i somewhat get religion . 
  religion shaped national identity in religious countries and vice versa for non religious ones . 
  language , i also kind of get , even though for younger generations , native language is going slowly out of use and within one or two more generations we 'll likely see an english speaking europe . 
  at that point its only a tool of communication . 
  traditions and customs , though ? 
  which ones ? 
  how do you define traditions and customs ? 
  how are they distinct for each country and make you considered one of them ? 
  i 'm polish and there 's literally no polish-specific celebrations side for independence day and a couple of religious holidays noone but the devout catholic cares about ( except its free days which is nice ) . 
  how does one define that ? 
  likewise for uk , which i understand to be a culture shaped by its migrants . 
  is celebrating tea time and praising the queen enough as far as customs and celebrations go ? 
  where is the line ? 
  and it deserves it , 100 % . 
  i assumed they already did go full retard . 
  frankly , all of the countries that got defined by its migrants , not just uk . 
  uncontrolled immigration always is , ca n't blame that on migrants though . 
  pshh , why one wife ? 
  get four so you can dole out more babies at a time !, 
  in the end all will bask in the glory of our ~ ~ muslim ~ ~ catholic country !, 
  to be honest , common sense has n't been in high supply nor high in the agenda in this government . 
  yeah , per baby !, 
  rack up 50 babies and you 'll have a nice 5k euro salary !, 
  all sponsored by our taxpayers !, 
  correlation , not causation . 
  solutions to this are n't ever simple nor easy .
