  we have no strong feelings for you one way or the other . 
  i believe it 's the eastern poland that 's lowering the average . 
  pls invest . 
  no offense , it 's just roma people ( rated worst , -0.85 ) , not romanians . 
  uneducated connotation . 
  i do n't think that 's the only thing wrong with the sentence . 
  dyslexic i think . 
  to be fair i did . 
  i do n't really think it 's that hard to discern syrian refugees from migrants . 
  i do n't think stopping the refugees is the solution here . 
  not to mention inhumane . 
  it does feel kind of forced , but how would you suggest romania to contribute to the refugee crisis other than by accepting refugees ? 
  considering germany takes in most refugees i would n't exactly hold numbers against them . 
  5,000 ~ people is really not that much for a country of such scale . 
  how about we pressure tax havens instead ? 
  do n't look at merkel for the source of that problem . 
  merkel and juncker 's ? 
  they 're syrian as far as i know . 
  the lack of bias is meant to be a force of change ; if you have no spots then perhaps it 's time to reform your country to make it more efficient so such places are built and look towards yourself for source of issues and not merkel ? 
  sounds fair . 
  what 's wrong with a quota ? 
  i mean is n't the quota based on actual capacity to accept refugees ? 
  lead by example . 
  because you should n't be a dick . 
  fair point . 
  crushing , injuring even severely , yes . 
  but deadly ? 
  i dare say rarely . 
  true , i find the moat the more deadly part . 
  that . . does n't sound that high , actually 0_o, 
  jesus , i rarely use that word , but i ca n't find a better description than say that the guy sounds outright retarded . 
  i referred to the above comment , not the article , 
  the plan or the interest part ? 
  if it 's the plan then i 'm afraid i did n't hear anything else from them . 
  let 's be frank here , even if ukip went in they had no real plan to deal with immigrants rather than leave eu and close up borders , something that 's in neither uk 's or eu 's interest . 
  oh boy ... here goes . 
  i 'm an atheist myself , but atheism is a luxury and a choice . 
  it can not be imposed on people , if anything you can grow into it . 
  there 's a reason only wealthy countries such as sweden/norway have a high percent of atheists . 
  all the same , organized religion in most cases is nothing but charity and help people deal with issues mental and spiritual and creates a sense of community . 
  it is when you allow for abuses , allow it to push agenda and allow it to mix up with business does it show symptoms so detrimental to human progress . 
  a sense of community that religion grants ca n't be forced without it either ; a certain system tried to force a sense of community and it failed miserably - it was called communism . 
  there is one advantage of religion over atheism and that is that atheism is not an ideology of its own . 
  only when people have the luxury to develop their own systems of belief ; which is very demanding education and mentality-wise do people breed ideological alternatives and abandon religion . 
  some painful lack of france and sweden there but otherwise yeah sure . 
  i would n't consider them leftist ; populists and postcommunists are not within my purview of interest when it comes to voting . 
  i 'd like a scandinavian style leftist party . 
  it 's a sad thing , really , for po i mean . 
  they were quite well met internationally for their liberal image ; i wonder if duda will maintain a healthy atmosphere irritate people while agitating russia . 
  will see . 
  not sure what you meant by the last sentence , but you got ta account for the fact that presidential elections are a bit different than parliamentary once - even i as an anti-pis dude would n't vote for komorowski . 
  i would n't trust those types of polls much ; knp always owns in internet polls . 
  i did not refer to the stereotype at all , if anything the poland a and poland b split more prevalent . 
  like i said above , i find apathy to po rule or eurosceptic tensions are more likely reasons for young people to vote for the `` next biggest party '' than because of their conservative opinions ; in practice they 're quite similar parties , they vary mostly media image they 're trying to create around themselves ; both are quite in the process of changing it , difficult to say if they 're any different than they used to be when they ruled . 
  i for one will not vote until i see an actual leftist option . 
  respectfully disagree , most of the young voters are just apathetic po voters or spontaneous anti-eu `` patriots '' . 
  it 's more than they had before but still not enough to consider anything significant . 
  a lot about duda 's speeches are just pr talk ; most of the things he says can not be enforced are not within his power as president . 
  to be frank that 's all pis really needs for the upcoming elections which has fairly low standing among the younger voters and is mostly popular with older conservatives . 
  coal energy already makes the silesian region one of the most polluted regions in entire europe . 
  it 's a dead end and it 's just a nod towards miners and the polish south , more loyal to the conservative pis . 
  tragedy !, 
  i have a sudden urge to visit these places . 
  as a pole - fuck murica . 
  we are their most loyal ally for ages now second only to israel which by the level of interest and investment from us is practically a diplomatic puppet state . 
  and poland ? 
  we still have no frigging visas . 
  to be fair if the standard of tourism increases the price tags should too so it would even out . 
  it is . 
  my socialist views are pragmatic ; i neither want socialist decadence and laziness nor do i want abuses of the rich and the corporate while poor suffer . 
  that is all really . 
  no , it is n't . 
  for greece for instance i would n't suggest or leave any but the most essential of worker rights and welfare so as to attract investors . 
  social welfare should be implemented by any developed country however . 
  please read my comment , i did not dispute anything of the sort . 
  i meant modern socialism , so pretty much social liberalism . 
  i never disputed the growth . 
  i disputed the costs in people , their lives , health , happiness and time they could otherwise spend freely . 
  do you look at e.g. 
  japan and see a beautiful nation in that regard ? 
  people so obsessed with career driven by market economy they no longer think of children and families are unimportant , dying from stress and overworking . 
  how about africa ? 
  thousands of people unable to make a living other than a few dollars a month tops working their assess off in mines and farming while the profits go away to companies . 
  do you find that beautiful ? 
  how about us where `` democracy '' and what laws are voted for tens of years is decided by which company gets invested in more ? 
  tpp is nothing less but fruits of the beautiful market economy . 
  do you find companies holding entire countries and its citizens futures and welfare in their hands beautiful ? 
  sorry , i do n't . 
  profit is important , but people , especially those most struggling should come first , always . 
  well , they do , but as i discussed below i did not mean the pre 1960s definition of socialism but what you 'd probably consider a nordic model country . 
  my brother lives in texas , so perhaps it 's just south that 's so anti-welfare/socialist/leftist , depending on your definition . 
  my view is that free market and competition is all fine and dandy , but corporations shitting on democracy by controlling who wins and what is passed by lobbying ( like in us ) and abusing thousands of people while individual ceos earn hundred times more is not . 
  well , i argued for welfare states and curbing down abuses of the rich and the corporate . 
  does that make me socialist by your definition ? 
  at the cost of others , you might add . 
  i respectfully disagree , that 's the kind of thing the people earning most money would want you to believe . 
  keep working stupid hours for stupidly low pay with no benefits and no rights and slave yourself while i ~ ~ steal ~ ~ deduct all profits from your labor , that 'll surely make it best for everyone involved / s. 
  look , i 'm not saying to hell with free market and competition but there are limits to what should be able to be achieved by individuals with money and that 's what socialist ideas want to prevent so that struggling people can achieve more and not be abused by the rich while the rich still live well off , thus giving everyone a fair living . 
  depends on one 's view on socialism . 
  what is considered rightist in scandinavian countries is outright commie in us .
