  thats the duty of those people if they will it . 
  speaking of which , same for us and its corrupt oligarchy , no offense . 
  i dont mean to say i disapprove of us 's intentions , just the methods that make it look like none the better than the ones they 're fighting . 
  what im saying is most of the supervision and intervention yields a need for * more * supervision and intervention and military buildup in the first place . 
  none of the countries involved asked for enforcers , especially not ones in american interest . 
  except for south korea which can be justified i guess . 
  lack of defensive reaction in europe does not justify active and deliberate messing with countries ' governments around the world . 
  there 's plenty of space between a pig headed isolationist and a country that shoves its penis into every country around the world . 
  its called being a normal country . 
  i do n't want us to be neutral or a pig headed isolationist , i want us to not pretend to be the good guy while invading middle eastern countries for their oil and political presence and funding terrorist and oppressive states . 
  at this point i dont see a difference between russia and us in their militaristic pursuits . 
  that 's some cold war mentality right there . 
  bear in mind us encroach just around other nations ' waters as well . 
  there 's really no benefit to be gained from `` anschluss '' , which by definition assumes there 's a significant portion of population wanting to join russia , which is clearly not the case besides the current conflict regions . 
   if anything , what the islamists have done to iran is proof that we should have supported the previous government more strongly than we did . 
  or you could have just left an independent country alone to rule itself and deal with its own problems than try and claim its oil . 
  naturally , but that 's not how russia interprets it . 
  current russian actions are n't that of an imperialist but that of a country trying to free itself from a military choke by kicking and shoving . 
  that 's what 's happend in georgia and that 's what 's happening now in ukraine . 
  there 's a difference between threatening a swift defensive reaction and putting missile sites and having `` military exercises '' at russian borders . 
  true , but iran being iran as it is right now can have only americans playing puppet master to blame back in persia years . 
  there were at least two points during which compromise was nearly reached in terms of israel , but now all you have left is israel going full nazi germany on palestinians with the ghettos ; all they 're missing are gas chambers and concentration camps . 
  kurds are slightly more complex than that ; there 's at least 4 types of kurds ( irani , iraqi , turkish and syrian kurds ) after all and not even half of them have a willigness to strive for their own country . 
  i fail to notice how the nuclear deterrent has helped in any case to deter anyone since world war ii , with the exception of ussr i guess as the threat to use the nuke was real . 
  right now the threat of using a nuke is blowing up the damn planet so there really is not one person 's agenda that involves that or the nuclear deterrent can help against , unless you 're into nuclear wastelands . 
  you deleted your comment , but i managed to write a response anyway . 
  here it is . 
  so not abolishing nuclear weapons did n't quite work as a deterrent , huh ? 
  in fact us presence does stir unrest in many states involved , so in some cases it would actually help . 
  i would be willing to bet ukraine would n't happen if nato did n't knock to russian borders . 
  what else were they to do ? 
  watch as they 're militarily enclosed ? 
  same thing for iran - iraq used to be iran 's massive adversary and that was further fueled by us presence . 
  would it happen if isis did n't happen due to fueling of arms into the hands of the rebels ? 
  would it happen if us kept sending arms to saudi arabia , the perpetrators of 9/11 , sponsors of terrorism all around the world and the main country threat to world peace ? 
  would palestinians commit terror if us did n't keep pumping money for israel to squeeze palestinians into ghettos and resettle them and oppress them ? 
  you need not answer , all i 'm saying is wars happen because for certain countries its easier to build up arms and use them than seek diplomacy and compromise . 
  that only yields a self-perpetuating cycle . 
  which is why i think he 'll be great later to soften things up after the quasi tough guys from the brexit camps turn out to be all bark and no brain . 
  i can see how he 's easy to dismiss at the moment . 
  i do n't know how that speaks for that ; the negative vote in this case is largely symbolical at these odds . 
  i wish corbyn well that he proves ya 'll wrong . 
  i think his bad press is overblown and is actually a nice guy and a worthy leader , but possibly not for these tumultuous times ; now are times for brexit camp to clean up this mess they created . 
  did corbyn say he 'd do that without that in mind ? 
   i 'll support giving up our nuclear deterrent when russia , china , india , pakistan , france , the us , and israel do the same . 
  i thought that assumption is a given . 
  somebody has to make the first move though towards others though . 
  no nation is willing to risk it not because of mad but because it just does n't pay off anymore ; just look at effects on russia and that was mostly a political move to keep nato off its back by stirring the region , similarily to the move on georgia . 
  most wars are largely internal for a while now . 
  no reasonable country starts wars , and no unreasonable countries or terrorists go `` oh no , they have nukes , best not attack them '' . 
  that never stopped them . 
  weaponry is fine , but dropping a modern nuke would spell doom for all countries , not just the adversary . 
  it 's like death penalty for states ; it does n't actually do anything and does n't make you any better at maintaining peace , just makes you no better than the warmonger . 
  why would you assume it 's gone ? 
  i can understand the state covering for the disabled , but unless we 'll get conditions for bringing up babies and those babies ( or young migrants ) , chances are you 'll just have to increase the tax burden to norwegian levels and you 'll end up in a situation where the young will suffer and have to work on more than one person including himself . 
  this confidence is knit fairly artificially at the moment , something that unfrotunately did n't change since the crisis . 
  i do n't mind doing one 's duty to nato , but not wanting to seek conflict and not want to follow us on their militarist spree around the world is a sign of reason than weakness . 
  as for nukes - i do n't think there 's a single reasonable reason for uk or any other country for that matter to keep them , unless you want to end the world as it is . 
  if you want peace but at the same time would n't hesitate to create and use nukes you 're simply a hypocrite in my mind . 
  i 'd like to be convinced and given context otherwise but outside uk he sounds and feels like a misunderstood uk bernie sanders . 
  called too idealistic and called unfit for no real reasonable reason . 
  tell that to the 100 % + gdp debt states and their pensioners . 
  it 's by far one if if not the largest modern state 's expense . 
  i 'd love state pensions if they were sustainable but they just are n't . 
  honestly there 's so many brutal means of disposing your enemies since the last nuclear bomb fell i do n't think people realize what effects of landing a modern nuclear bomb would have on the entire planet . 
   but that means if there is another crash you lose everything . 
  i 'm a right wing/liberal on economics but public pensions are important . 
  honestly better than state budget crashing instead , your pension funds can always be taken over by its successor/competitor if i 'm not mistaken . 
  raising the age is a temporary measure and also a political suicide . 
  i 'm a leftist but i much prefer a private pension system . 
  public pension system is too expensive , too inefficient and too rigid . 
  as for inheritance , it 's more about passing on capital and permanent housing , more of an issue of the wealthy than the average citizen . 
  leaders lead by inspiring people around them towards the same goal . 
  otherwise they 're merely managers , bosses ... or dictators . 
  yes , but they will grow smaller or the expense will grow larger as number of young decreases in proportion to the old and eventually it will be simply unsustainable . 
  there is a worrying trend of inheritance wealth , due to lack of a better term . 
  housing prices are just too high for a 20-30 millennial y/o to buy , unlike for their baby boomer equivalents . 
  the point is i do n't think most of them were saving but rather own state pensions so their welfare was assured , unlike the young that were equally or even more so affected by the financial crisis . 
  owning 8,000 pounds less ( not to mention if you adjust for inflation ) is a disgusting decrease in standard of living . 
  not only that , those young will need to eventually support the ever growing pensioners so the burden of the young will further increase while there is already a problem with having children , not to mention supporting them . 
  state pensions will have to go sooner or later , that 's the real conclusion . 
  perceived international strength comes from a bit more than military presence you know . 
  you gave up a lot of it with brexit . 
  nice ideas do n't work as opposed to ... what , bad ideas ? 
  honestly , i would n't mind that . 
  leaders should be idealists to inspire people around them . 
  if not them , who ? 
  being a pacifist and not having the mind to kill thousands of innocents makes one a liability and unfit to rule ? ... 
  jesus guys . 
  bunch of cocky militarists in here . 
  no wonder you guys do n't want to work / s, 
  those look like bunkers and forts honestly . 
  got ta give context for poland - this % likely does n't count illegal abortions . 
  technically speaking it 's only a matter of time for most folks regardless . 
  i dig that , though i imagine it 'd be difficult to sustain a non-profit bank financially . 
  that said this supports another solid idea of 0-1 % interest loans to small businesses alternative to eu donations . 
  strong inspiring leadership = / = being an authoritarian boss . 
  is or is n't , that 's who people think about if they ever heard of the party . 
  the party is yet to show other notable persons and personalities that said . 
  it 's a stereotypical lumberjack look .
