  wrong link , i think ? 
  she 's not a nice person and i 'm judging that purely by her twitter responses . 
  says the uk :p ? 
  i doubt that 'd change anything , smaller countries would rather support with a few hundred soldiers than afford a diplomatic backlash for most of the western world at the time , uk would be the only one to say anything but let 's not kid ourselves ; what us does uk follows . 
  kurds are shown in extremes ; as freedom fightermoderates fighting isis or as bloodthirsty reckless terrorists . 
  there really is no middle ground for the media it seems . 
  yup , this happens , but kurdistan does n't exist and kurds are all happy to live in turkey and be part of turkey , right , my fellow kebab-loving friends ? 
  and polish . 
  it 's saddening that the worst candidate is by far the only one who blames america for that . 
  many oppose the notion of the invasion , but way too few see america 's fault behind the consequences . 
  a few women against one man would 've been equally precarious , if not more , if that makes it sound any fairer . 
  we 're touchy about communists for a reason , because we were ruled under them for 50 years . 
  you give us a break . 
  that said , the same connotation should n't apply to leftists and i 'm for differentiating the two whenever one is generalized with the other . 
  to defend sweetleef , he 's just protecting masculinity , though i disagree on the more nuanced specifics of how the emasculation came to be . 
  i was about to say she 's not obliged to stand against a few adult men that could easily overpower her and rape her too , or if they were armed or particularly violent and she 's a direct witness . 
  but what happened here was just the teacher standing by in class while other classmates alerted her about a few frigging teenagers away in the bathroom . 
  she had many options to intervene and not only once . 
  it sounds almost as if she was not aware of what was happening , which for the sake of her defense i hope was the case . 
  i 'd take out progressive or leftist terms out as that 's not the problem here at the core ; people who kept to themselves while others suffered existed since always ; i doubt high schoolers are much affected by either side of the pro or anti-feminist upbringing either . 
  the point is n't that this should n't be done , but this should n't be a subject of politics . 
  courts , official investigations and judges should deal with this , not politicians . 
  especially as politicians should deal with problems of the present and the future , not of the past which do n't concern the majority . 
  the only issue of the past politicians should deal with is national debt . 
  you and me both buddy . 
  i can understand pursuing justice but the parliament should 've abandoned it a subject of present politics for a few years now and should 've left matters entirely to the courts and not masquerade with commities of inquiry with the only purpose being a political show . 
  as long as conservatives are popular , in need of scapegoats and leftists are connotated with communists , i think this state of things will remain . 
  i give it 20 years or so when the pre-communist politicians become a minority to clear . 
  i know , i can tell by the downvotes :p, 
  hence `` indirectly '' . 
  is n't that what i just said ? 
  there were even a lot of comments at the time from western media that poland was joining in on the czech `` partitions '' . 
  to be fair poland * did * collaborate with nazi germany * once * and indirectly , when they annexed cieszyn , a small industrial city , that was claimed by the czech as their own in 1920s in 1938 when czechs were annexed by the germans . 
  sure , but it was enough to frown about it and ridicule it in the media , not make it law . 
  it 's bad enough we have laws banning religious offense . 
  just carving out another piece of free speech there . 
  pis is trying way too hard to make lech look like a hero and poland a victim , creating an atmosphere of justification for invigilation , spying on citizens and utterly unreasonable expenditures . 
  and i 'm afraid it 's working . 
  petru 's not that bad , at least he has some glimmers of objectivity and willingness to engage in a constructive discussion . 
  kukiz though is just pandering to the nationalists , got ta give him points for being upfront , transparent and honest . 
  anything sounds better than pis at the moment ... 
  normally you 'd expect it to rise with the economy deteriorating . 
  i 'd love to know the causes behind this . 
  just rolling my eyes here . 
  i wish we poles just stopped with making martyrs and victims of ourselves . 
  just let it go already . 
  offtopic , but eu-phile sounds like such a terrible term , i imagine it 's like being aroused by terms like `` european commission '' . 
  only a bit higher than niche . 
  i assume you say 3rd biggest * political * weekly , [ it 's 17th in total breakdown . ] ( http://www.wirtualnemedia.pl/artykul/najpopularniejsze-tygodniki-w-polsce-ranking# ) . 
  it 'd be a stretch to say something read by ~ 80,000 poles is anything more than of minor significance . 
  article is trying to make hype around a niche political tabloid-level magazine even the polish do n't care about . 
  not ... both . 
  is now given how the crisis polarized the political scene , unfortunately . 
  nah , it 's not hate speech . 
  it 's hate speech when you go from constructive criticism to xenophobic or downright racist allegations . 
  a more apt term is fear mongering . 
  that said this niche piece of a magazine hardly anyone reads just tried to make a fuss as i see it . 
  people appear to say that since past 10 years in my memory yet countries are largely unmoved ; i 'd like you to elaborate why if you can . 
  like poland . 
  i 'm more of a meet-people tourist than a see-places tourist :p, 
  i 'd love to live there if possible :p my brother lives in texas , so it 's not a huge plane travel from there . 
  i actually do :p i glorify canada personally and am glad the above did not happen :p . 
  i was joking :p that said there was a plan to annex canada once , making candian regions new states . 
  there are many interpretations of history based on evidence available to you . 
  gross was very selective in his evidence and was personally involved in it being a jew himself . 
  while he did prove a lot of polish vs jewish offences , he did not and can not prove a more sweeping conclusion like `` polish killed more jews than germans '' . 
  that 's probably cause us treats canada as just another of its states , just with a bit more socialism . 
  it 's not * that * good but it 's butchering it to say it 's just like any other superhero movie is all i 'm saying . 
  people are jizzing over the film 's success because the film 's production 's success is a lot due to reddit . 
  the movie was n't meant to be , the film even slashed a few millions of the budget in the last possible moment . 
   hopefully there wo n't be a next time . 
  knowing us , it 's a matter of a few years . 
   how do you define treat ? 
  visas and tighter economic partnership is something i 'd endorse . 
  i can get france , uk or italy having a larger trade share than poland , but switzerland , netherlands or belgium ? 
  without these two things , it feels like we 're just doing what us asks us to do . 
  so are many revisionists . 
  some are given credit merely for researching a subject for some time , does n't make them right . 
  from whence that conclusion ? 
   2500 troops in iraq , 2600 assorted personnel in afghanistan ... what a crippling sacrifice . 
  the polish nation was left completely exposed for years . 
  hopefully you get none next time . 
  they 're part of a country with 320 million people , and that is not irrelevant . 
  but i 'm talking about poland here . 
  they most certainly are not as relevant as that . 
  poland has an either comparable or better economy and comparable or larger population size than the czech republic , spain , portugal or any of the benelux countries , yet is treated worse in comparison . 
  feel free to deny this . 
  the main theme is not `` superhero deadpoool '' and the point of the comedy is different ( supplemental situational humor vs 4th wall breaking/satirical/cynical humor ) . 
  so not quite . 
  1 ) we need no other guaranty than nato and eu . 
  i feel we received nothing for our contribution to us 's iraq/aghanistan wars , second largest after uk , on par with australia . 
  2 ) polish are us 's 8th largest minority ( 3.2 % of us , ~ 9 million people ) . 
  do you mean to say they are irrelevant ? 
  we do n't need special treatment , merely wishing to be treated on the same level as western european states . 
  at least when it regards the damn visas . 
  a lot of media are just doing faux pas ' , i doubt most of them write that kind of stuff intentionally unless they have some sort of agenda . 
  there are theorists that polish were nazi conspirators , like people that looked at polish annexation of cieszyn as a sign of nazi action approval or even polish-nazi alliance ... 
  nor did i mean to imply that friend . 
  would n't be the first time on this subject . 
  we will yet hear `` polish concentration camps '' again .
