  finding one 's path on one own is not a bad thing , regardless if it carries along its own set of challenges . 
  as a nonbeliever it 's not hard to consider christianity as a fractured set of bronze age beliefs , constantly updated to not go out of use , easily replaced by one 's own compass and worldview ; just because one is lost does not mean religion should give him that answer of all others to choose from . 
  i 'm a nonbeliever but even i know its role is interpreted as such by many people and there is no one wrong way to go around one 's religion as long as it 's not imposing on anyone else . 
  i assume it is easier to find answers in religion , family or other conservative values than find them by yourself . 
  i also assume right wing people deal with crushing doubt in those values so it 's not that one sided . 
  or perhaps ... it 's like that * because * of polish people there . 
  maybe ? 
  nah , we complain a lot and we may be apathetic but we 're neither depressed nor suicidal . 
  in that we agree  trump is great of an example of a top down state ( or perverted bottom up ) with a problematic leader , i do n't see a bottom up eu managing to reach compromise with any alike equivalent state-individual . 
  i 'm happy for more hands off approach once some core eu wide responsibilities , laws and agreements would be upheld ; as it stands it seems we ca n't reach an agreement on the most basic of things . 
  perhaps i see it differently , what with us being pretty much an oligarchy . 
  i do n't consider america bottom up . 
  maybe it used to be but not any longer . 
  do n't ask me what 's the point , i do n't approve of them much . 
  no , it 's just my personal opinion frankly . 
  top down states tend to want strong leaders on top that do n't take the crap from anyone below to get through with changes . 
  they are by their very nature more prone to wish to enforce their will on others . 
  bottom top states tend to want ones that worked their way to the top , are most faithful and devoted to their program . 
  they are by their very nature more open to cooperation , compromise and diplomacy . 
  i do n't see any point for eu if all was meant to be hands off as much as you say . 
  it 's that top down states are n't as cooperative and wish to enforce their stance on the rest of states , want their country to be dominant in eu at cost of others , they 're naturally prone to be selfish ; if you end up with moody populists on top of a couple states you 're not getting any reform through , just a lot of arguments , sabrerattling and eu parliament comedy . 
  only a top down eu has the capacity to not take their crap imho . 
  first it 'd have to be able to pass legislation . 
  an additional thought i had about the top-bottom approach , is that the reason why eu is top-bottom is because a bottom-up eu would not work on top-bottom states . 
  to implement a bottom-up eu for real it would require majority of the states to become decentralized as well . 
  an ideal i can support to be sure , but i ca n't imagine one without the other . 
  i do n't mind a more bottom up approach granted you do n't sacrifice efficiency during it . 
  look , i do n't see a problem with state politics wanting what 's best for their country , but this should n't be a game of hot potato or outright delegating your issues to other countries because you want to be a special snowflake country to appease your voters rather than work together and fix eu wide problems together . 
  eu is an above national interest entity , with that in mind it is democratic ; if you join the eu one has to put national identity secondary to eu burdens and realise not only your country 's important but instead you care for all of europe . 
  most countries realise that but in exchange they look gutless to the populist and the right . 
  indeed , then again i understand the frustration at petty nationalist/populist squabbling arguing over every single thing . 
  i do n't mind more democratic structure but there is a need for more charismatic leaders that wo n't entertain that crap as well . 
   persistently and overwhelmingly post and comment does he do that ? 
  no , he does n't . 
  argument down . 
  i do n't really care about that . 
  your loss really . 
  easy not to notice when it happens to be stuff you agree with . 
  feel free to explain how an image of a woman in a condom is pushing agenda on you . 
  / u/seventytvvo does n't push tons of content on / r/europe either . 
  this is n't propaganda , aides is a non-profit organization [ combating aids . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aides ) comic strips , magazine covers , posters and such are accepted here , on both sides of the argument . 
  because it 's not gon na happen . 
  a couple tens of millions of people just can not match up to ones that go in hundreds or a billion in china 's case . 
  us , russia and china have swaths of territory or/and resources on top of that . 
  europe has none of those and has to compensate . 
  national identity wo n't make you less ignored and has no inherent value on the international scene . 
  get over what ? 
  it 's not about them being evil , it 's about having a meaningful unified voice on the international scene ; as nationals only 2-3 states opinions are even considered . 
  beneficial . 
  because it was n't . 
  i ca n't think of a ruling progressive party anywhere in europe right now . 
  europe needs to stand together if its supposed to be any front against states , china and russia . 
  devolving to national politics is just repeating history and making a 180 . 
  like it was for uk ? 
  yeah , no . 
  you deceive yourself if you feel you can control her . 
  you clearly did n't see the british in the parliament , dry humor is their everyday course . 
  as i see it , juncker is just not taking their crap . 
  in a way i 'm gon na miss the farrage-juncker wordfights . 
  class clown seems appropriate . 
  this is n't america buddy , people are n't guilty until proven innocent around here . 
  eyyyy bros for life kurwa < 3, 
  right now ? 
  yeah . 
  myself as well , i oppose the israeli destabilization of middle east and its nazi treatment of palestinians . 
  nothing to do with jews as people , but i despise israel as a country in its recent history . 
  the current attitudes are different because of israel 's rightful abuses . 
  i was talking purely of the past . 
  it 's not optimism . 
  it 's just how it was . 
  i live next to the damn schindler 's factory for crying out loud . 
  it does n't take much to read this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_poland, 
  uh , no . 
  quite the opposite . 
  yes there were world war i killings done by communist poles ( allegedly poles ) but nothing of note besides that . 
  again , millions ok jews did n't settle poland to be prosecuted or killed . 
  none is too far to say for ~ 6 million people in a country that is n't israel . 
  intercultural tensions exist everywhere . 
  but to say we were in any shape or form similar to nazis in treatment of jews as a country or nationality is not only reaching , it 's an insulting baseless accusation . 
  there 's reasons why ~ 6 million jews settled in poland at the time and it 's not because they were abused . 
  unlike palestinians israel stuck millions of in the gaza strip ghetto to starve . 
  yeah , no . 
  as far as ww ii era poland goes , jews were fine and dandy in our country . 
  some really distorted mind created this . 
  it 's like wwii propaganda plus 21st century internet . 
  naw , it was around 1.75 and it passed 2 % . 
  mostly students . 
  not applicable , as we 'd just move to your place . 
  germans , actually . 
  ukrainians and lithuanians are second , iirc . 
  just giving context to any non-poles , poland has 2 % ( ! ), 
  immigrants . 
  that 's fewest as far as european states go and it creates a lot of distorted views on outside countries . 
  it 's cause we had a strong opinion on lithuania but nothing besides that . 
  it 's pretty small states too , have n't met an estonian or latvian in my life . 
  that was us just licking usa 's ass is all , hoping for them visas . 
  it 's just communism inheritance , nothing personal . 
  that said it 's odd how we 're sympathetic to palestinians while not so much against any other arabs . 
  maybe it 's because israel kinda treats palestinians like nazis did poles ?
