  most people have a higher degree of empathy and are n't sociopaths , which a lot of big time businessmen are . 
  i do n't think so . 
  few people lack empathy to that point nor are most people sociopaths , which most successful businessmen are . 
  honestly it 'd be understood more soundly and reasonably without the whole `` leftie dumbass '' bit and the political parties smearing here and there , but i 'm used to it when i see polish people discussing politics by now x _ x, 
  that 's likely . 
  russel brand theorizes such a thing is inevitable to happen . 
  closed borders just are n't possible . 
  controlling migration is . 
  greed as i define it is self-interest going to excessive , egotistical , unhealthy lengths . 
  well , by far the best alternative i heard is a decentralization of power so that the power is as closest to the people it represents as possible , though i 'm not sure how that could be economically supported ; i think it sounds noble that a country is considered an organism and that no area or peoples should be neglected . 
  i agree with all things you said pretty much . 
  i should watch this house of cards once . 
  of course , i did n't mean to assume things about you , i just got emotional , sorry :p, 
  i doubt anyone in my country would ever approve of my pov :d this subreddit amuses me sometimes because it feels like a civilised < redacted  certain subreddit about flag-countries that like poland and balls with people assuming they 're talking to countries . 
   this all sounds quite like some sort of marxist revolution : a total crash of the capitalist system . 
   well , yeah , i totally agree with that . 
  i know marx and communism did not work before , but i think in the future you have the possibility of having total communism and equal access to everything for everybody . 
  most people i meet , no matter if they are a communist or a capitalist , agree with me on this , because they understand the potential . 
  socialism , communism , something along those lines is implied nonetheless . 
  i fail to notice anything intelligent about his policies , but i do not judge his electorate ; if anything i prefer to think they 're more conservative , religious or prefer a strong authority , which is what i assume are erdogan 's main points of appeal . 
  that 's what needs to happen to capitalism ; selfless actions to be actually promoted or as you say , equally profittable to that aim to match self-interest or align community 's interests ( especially the wider community ) more closely with one 's own . 
  but free market is whimsical , prone to emotions and is oriented for short-term consumption than long-term sustainability . 
  and that is why capitalism can not stay as is for all our sakes . 
  i however can not think of a better solution , as much as this bothers me . 
  thanks for the offer but i did ma from international business :p just because the world works this way does n't mean it should and stay that way . 
  there is self-interest and there 's greed . 
  the two should be differentiated . 
  if one 's benefit comes at a significant loss for others , more so than the profit for that individual , it should not be condoned . 
  money knows no such distinction . 
  governments are lobbied over and at this point can be pretty much bought and single multinational corporations have profits larger than smaller developed states . 
  lobbying this way is also one of capitalism 's abuses . 
  by extension , power over the people and law can be bought . 
  how is this * not * bothering you ? 
  i never said communism is the alternative , though . 
  i do n't think i 'm in the luxury to theorize such a - well - quite radical idea ;p you may be right . 
  yes . 
  it 's right there in the constitution . 
  they would feel that they can not trust the state to honor its debts to them or uphold the law against them . 
  that wont stop everyone but it 's enough to ruin a state from an investor attractiveness point of view . 
  then no major business nor bank would settle there . 
  i prefer the concept of decade or so worldwide debt annulment but it 's something to work on . 
  feudalism was a way to maintain land and have a semblance of control over the state . 
  it was not an ideology as much as a measure , so what it was based on is irrelevant . 
  not the ones with internet statistically , iirc . 
  but it is unsustainable . 
  if everything can be priced then the entire world will be void of resources . 
  capitalism does n't regulate itself nor control its abuses and while that 's the case people will consume the world and abuse it 's peoples and laws if only their money allows them . 
  do n't mean to disrespect , but the concept of why greed is bad is taught to kids in kindergarten . 
  are you sure you want me to eli5 for you ? 
  i did n't mean to say it 's without its benefits to the world , merely that it 's unsustainable and based on greed . 
  to stress it further , the `` few '' benefit when capitalism in practice is excessive and abusive and while money has the last word those abuses will continue . 
  greece 's troubles started way , way before that and eu had little to do with greece in that time . 
  pondering what-ifs of bankruptcy and whose fault it was it did n't occur really feels like splitting hairs at that point . 
  no economy exists without investment imo so i find that unlikely . 
  christianity once reformed and secularised . 
  i believe , given time and proper measures , islam can too and we should encourage secularisation , not shun it . 
  it is important !, 
  no system based on greed is sustainable nor good for anyone but the few that benefit from it . 
  greece did not take `` one for the team '' as much as i empathize . 
  all countries suffered as a result of the 2009 crisis in varying degrees , only that greece reacted to it very , very poorly and ruled in the conviction that despite the crisis they may allow themselves to maintain its level of spending . 
  please do not divert guilt from yourselves to the rest of eu , especially germany . 
  the rest of eu just tries to help as much as they can while having their own countries ' welfare in mind . 
  for our foreign friends , this is an article ( or speech ? ), 
  i 'll try and sum it up for you :  he argues , that a constitutional tribunal , being created in 1982 is a communist creation , therefore its intent is to curtail polish rule and therefore its authority is void . 
  he argues that since its possible for the tribunal to block any legislature , it 's actually harming democracy and not standing in its defense as the protesters suggest . 
  who belongs to the tribunal shows that the tribunal may be biased and therefore is n't ( or may not be ) independent and hence work against the will of the people . 
  he accuses the previous government of being foreign corporations/nation lickers and the current government of being truly on the nation 's and democracy 's side . 
  he compares the current tribunal to liberum veto , an old law that made the 1500-1800s poland/commonwealth a foreign tool to sabotage legislature that ultimately led to commonwealth 's decline and loss of independence for 123 years . 
  he suggests who belongs to the tribunal to be decided by the people . 
  he finishes the statement with a quote from who he calls a `` leftie dumbass '' : `` law is more important than the will of the nation . '', 
  - he retorts - no , it is the will and the welfare of the nation that is most important , especially more important than law . 
  end of summary . 
  while i agree with his argument that the tribunal should be entirely independent and free of political influence and lobbying , i disagree with his anti-tribunal rhetoric . 
  the tribunal , ie a judicial body that can overrule a legislature is something each democratic country has in some shape or form and as such is a fine concept at the core . 
  the polish government ( no matter whose ) should really let judges judge and stop using judicial tools like the tribunal or the court of inquiry ( ie komisja \u015bledcza ) as tools to smear political opponents or intentionally make the ruling party 's life harder . 
  they 're all making fools of themselves . 
  grotesque is the more apt term here . 
  i somewhat agree with the diagnosis but ca n't support the solution . 
  capitalism , lobbying and centralisation is n't exactly solved by communism or its like , if anything it settles exactly within those principles in its own twisted way . 
  the world needs a new ideology . 
  not sure what your point is . 
  turkey still is , at least by religious views survey standards as secular as a muslim country gets . 
  turks may be in denial about lots of things ; kurds and kurdistan , the armenian genocide and such , but any turk with an internet knows erdogan is royally screwing turkey , at least when it comes to ruining years of secular progress spurring from ataturk 's heritage . 
  because bankrupting with euro as a non-western developed country just does n't allow your ruined economy to unwind and recover . 
  it 's rough friend , but your country got itself in severe debt on its own and hence it 's not eu 's responsibility to get greece out of debt , but greece 's . 
  that said i 'm not fond of imf 's austerity-or-forget-any-semblance-of-help approach . 
  welp , bring it on germans . 
  we did beat you * once * , we just might do it again . 
  you are excused , 
  i oppose both parties . 
  while you are right , my statement was n't meant to be that thorough , only in the context of populist promises . 
  both parties are worth each other . 
  would n't that just make it easier for other mosques to be targetted by radicalist funding ? 
  uh , sure man . 
  uh , yeah . 
  put up a show about * anything * and the frequency of people wanting to fuck that particular thing or person will increase and vice versa . 
  this is like reminding a german of nazis . 
  i think we 're way over it . 
  this is just a move to secure borders in case of the impending tsunami of muslims trying to pillage and force convert poland . 
  with all due respect to your argument , i believe there 's nothing wrong in opposing certain aspects of islam , eg denying women 's rights like heatercat mentioned .
