  i never said it can not . 
  merely that it should not be forced to it as most other countries . 
  maybe i 'm biased but most us conservative shows do look as stupid as presented or worse because they thrive on ignorant statements and public fear . 
  then you accept them , each according to their ability , while fighting trafficking , and working on making the arabian peninsula countries to accept their share . 
  it 's really not that bad if people have to go all the way to germany and norway and france to request asylum ; there 's at least 10 countries on the way they could stay in ; so rejecting them is really not inhumane in this case . 
  i already did way before you posted them . 
  my point still stands . 
  back . 
  traffickers will only work well if they 'll have proof countries will accept them . 
   implying he 's wrong on that . 
  yes . 
  he is , on both counts . 
  for all the reports he made he along with the euroskeptic party he belongs to has the lowest rate of presence ; he uses the european parliament as a platform for promotion of his ultra conservative/libertarian views on popular matters ; you would n't see him in an actual debate or seeking compromise on whatever matter ; he just rants , votes no on any relevant vote he feels attending and leaves . 
  how is that productive at all ? 
  what is n't ? 
  calling refugees human garbage . 
  treating refugees as social benefit freeloaders who do n't want to work . 
  being in the eu parliament while doing everything counterproductive to make eu disband instead of seeking compromise or cooperate in whatever way . 
  i 'd love to see him join a crowd of refugees and tell them that straight to their face . 
  there 's a difference between that and killing them as / r/jugglernaut suggested . 
  my point still stands . 
  i see no problem with what john oliver said recently . 
  i would like to be proven wrong . 
  is that really how you think he sounds 0_o ? 
  could you give an example of the above in a video ? 
  i mean , you could make a similar case for a typical conservative show . 
  except it would n't be funny . 
  then we do n't accept them and keep them out ; it 's a tough decision but it 's the correct one to make . 
  likewise , you can not force refugees to live somewhere where they do n't want to and they do n't want to live in eastern europe . 
  it 's not just one or two countries disagreeing , it 's almost all of eu to germany and france . 
  just because those two countries want to accept refugees - which is fine , it 's their decision - does n't mean all other countries should as well . 
  why should eastern europe accept refugees when it can not or does n't want to for whatever reason ? 
  ( which goes both ways for refugees now that i mention it ) if germany wants to accept refugees , it should do so out of its own accord just like all other countries . 
  are we independent countries or we under eu 's dictate ? 
  refugee quotas for one . 
  the refugee plan should be agreed upon by all members , not enforced . 
  because geramny wants to enforce accepting refugees on eastern european countries . 
  hence the whole dominance vs cooperation argument here . 
  i 'd like to see your reaction to being considered to be treated like cattle for slaughter after trekking thousands of kilometres through peril , hunger and harsh conditions to what you think is safety and a chance at a normal life . 
  dick . 
  i do n't see how that 's a counterargument to the point made in the video . 
  the video refers to the langauge and level of cooperation by eu members . 
  as for your point , none of the eastern european countries have either the infrastructure nor the ability to integrate them and most of all , none of the refugess want to actually live anywhere short of germany and west/northwards . 
  there is nothing unreasonable in helping to the best of your ability , even if it is n't too much . 
  not a fan of pis but the point he made was actually very good . 
  i was almost ready to be disgusted by a korwin-level rant as well . 
  no i mean , which one refers to each region :p, 
  which ones are those respectively ? 
  and besides religion , are there any other major differences ? 
  and is a unison possible ? 
  so how different are the 3 kurds , in contrast ? 
  how likely is a unison of the three given international support ? 
  i 'm assuming turkey would n't ever agree without a fight , but what about syrian/iraqi kurds ? 
  reality does n't have to be written or agreed upon to be factual . 
  it 's what 's happening . 
  nothing to argue about . 
  occupied in an offensive war , you mean . 
  kurds are still there , you know . 
  millions of them , in fact . 
  and they 're fighting isis while turkey is doing nothing to help them solely because they do n't want to recognize a huge minority in front of their own eyes . 
  as for borders , the kurdistan lands were recognized in the treaty of sevres , even if it did n't go into effect . 
  there are . 
  you are just not recognizing them and i do n't mind this disagreement . 
  not officially . 
  i respect kurdish borders and geographical integrity . 
  i heard rather mixed reports , because of their willingness to fight isis , but i 'm not in a position to dispute that statement . 
  pretty sure i meant kurdistan , 
  i believe a more appropriate analysis is that western turkey ( mostly istanbul area ) is secular , growing moderate to conservative and religious as you go east with the kurdistan area being a bit of an odd ball out . 
  but you probably did hear that happen over other , equally trivial reasons . 
  religion is really just an excuse to be a dick imo . 
  you can hardly change an older man 's mindset but you can help his children see otherwise . 
  integration is n't a closed process , it spans generations and mistakes come to haunt you . 
  a different nationality is only another factor ; there are reasons behind them being as they are and not integrated austrians . 
  merely assuming but perhaps due to the stereotype they could n't get a decent job or have children brought up in an integrated manner or could n't otherwise have a normal life for themselves or their parents or children . 
  it 's not something you can or should draw to their nationality or religion as cause . 
  the factors leading to such behaviors happen way before the act and it 's the duty of the process of integration to marginalise those factors . 
  i really do n't think them being muslim has much things to do with that ; they are refugees walking thousands of kilometres to what they hoped for is safety and wealth , what they found instead was missing resources , skepticism and days of waiting . 
  people grow desperate . 
  tension is just bound to happen , but fights and crimes on a religious basis are just unacceptable . 
  i 'm assuming but it 's very likely . 
  russian internet trolls just reflect russian propaganda in russian-specific threads without any evidence . 
  oh nice , the russian internet trolls for hire have arrived . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime not particularly rape and murder , but close enough . 
  not that i 'm surprised ; poor treatment , isolation or xenophobia makes this happen . 
  they should live together . 
  if they prefer to create unrest , deport them or sentence them . 
  living in an integrated society is precisely a test they must pass and in the end you 'll have more issues if you condone isolation , regardless if it occurs of their own accord or if other people make them do it . 
  chief has security in mind but does not see the long term effects of this . 
  isolation is how you get muslim ghettos and muslims unwilling to integrate , terrorists in worst case scenario . 
  more facilities , yes . 
  separate facilities , no . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant pedophiles . 
  i really hope germans make this a voting issue . 
  it 'll just take that much longer to adapt and that much more political capital to get used to it while the competition puts us behind . 
  not a big deal socially but economically this makes no sense . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  i thought this was a poke at uk and european union . 
  but then i realized i do n't watch football . 
  what is unreasonable in the long term but reasonable in the short term is not reasonable at all .
