yea there is no way the us would support such a thing . 
  amything that disrupts the markets is a no go , the capitalists always want more . 
  you can go to taiwan though and find beautiful parks , delicious food and great people . 
  the place is quite real and unique . 
  so while not `` official '' it is in fact a country and a great one at that . 
  just like an independent catalunya . 
  my aryan appearance is merely coincidental you racists !, 
  `` i would love to go work in finland '' it is the working part here that is critical . 
  not exactly viable in my situation due to finances and experience , but i have recommended it to others . 
  well the netherlands less so than germany and austria , because i owe lots of money ( and daft is for someone who has some extra ) . 
  unfortunately when you study marketing you do n't qualify for a blue card , that is for more it and sciences . 
  if i was assigned to a blind case officer maybe , but my blood is all north/west european . 
  thanks , 
  100 % correct . 
  although in austria , germany and a few eastern european countries , it is is theoretically possible i can get a job . 
  so the odds are against me , but i would really love to live over here so fuck what people say . 
  well if you come here as a refugee sure , but getting into eutope on a touist visa is quite simple and involves nothing . 
  if you are a professional that is in high demand , such as it , engineering , etc. 
  then europe is not too difficult . 
  i studied business and marketing , so in most countries it is literally impossible . 
  a few just nearly impossible , so i have some slight chance of achieving what i want . 
  blue eyes ... pasty white skin ... fair hair , on appearance they would think i am a finn trying to make a joke out of the situation . 
  also how do they suppose somebody is from america by dna ? 
  i have ancestors from all over northern europe , it is probably quite muddled anyway . 
  i would have to spend much time at the beach , i am a pasty fellow . 
  yea i grew up in maine so the cold ( although certainly colder in finland ) i would be somewhat prepared for . 
  how dark it is in the winters there , would be a completely new experience though . 
  i studied marketing ... there are n't any companies that really need me haha, 
  as the other guy said , while it is very very difficult for me , it is even moreso for you . 
  i say we just switch passports . 
  i 'm quite pale , but i am only 185cm tall so idk if i am tall enough to pass as swedish . 
  i 'm way to vanilla looking to pass as a syrian . 
  you can find it all over maine at least , but it has been six years since i lived there so maybe things have changed i am not sure . 
  i am an american in europe on the tourist visa ( was teaching english in korea , saved up some money ) and i 'm attempting to get a job here based on what i studied . 
  i would love to go work in finland , but of course due to visa regulations it is nearly impossible . 
  this whole situation for me is fascinating in a dark sense . 
  do you realize that they would n't have ever worn hijab if they had n't been fed all that at a young age ? 
  how often do you see young girls , who no influence under any religion for that matter , wearing a hijab ? 
  are you really going to say that these young women had a choice ? 
  what do you think will happen if the uk stays in the eu ? 
  i 'm curious if the snp will lose some steam if the uk stays or if they will charge forward , hard to say really , but you know more than i do about this . 
  very interested to see how this pans out really , hope you guys can pull it off . 
  fair point , did n't think of that . 
  if the uk left the eu ( economic issues ) and scotland left the uk ( less economic issues ) that would be a lot of shit on the tories hands would it not ? 
  agreed that the uk would be still quite right leaning , but the tories would n't be seen to positively, 
  certaintly , especially if the uk is no longer involved with the eu . 
  how is the atmosphere in scotland ? 
  are they talking about this or is it really just the snp and the media battling it out . 
  `` more to come into effect soon . '', 
  i think the snp is not so patient . 
  also scotland can raise the taxes further , but i think the double tax system does n't sound ideal to many people . 
  if you do n't give power to the people , they will demand it . 
  yea that was the joke part , but switching the name back to caledonia would be awesome . 
  not joking there . 
  so it would be the end of the tories and scotland gets indepedence , everyone wins . 
  well if you forget about the economic issues of the uk leaving , but in the long term it would be better i think . 
  of course it would n't be simple , nothing is in life . 
  i see your point about mass immigration , but by that point the eu will have addressed the issue or it will be so out of control there is nothing to stop it . 
  furthermore there was this guy hardian a long long time ago who put up a big wall to enforce the border ( other way around that time , but this is a joke anyway ) . 
  if i am not mistaken the scottish parliament can only decide on budget issues , and said budget in total is determined by london anyway . 
  so they send more money to london than they get back ... and then they get to decide ... which is nonsense . 
  what better way to say fuck you to the uk for leaving , then have an independent scotland quickly joining ? 
  they are the scottish nationalist party , what agenda do you expect other than what is best for the scottish people ? 
  you could personally disagree that independence would be a bad move , but many others would see that the people of scotland and what westminster have very different ideas on how things should be . 
  if the scottish people had faith in the british system then you would see them voting for british parties no ? 
  i agree that having a referendum every two years would be ridiculous though . 
  something like every 10 years would be more reasonable . 
  but , if there is a significant change in the uk political landscape then i 'd say that would warrant another referendum . 
  now to be fair there are few things i would consider significant enough to warrant a referendum , but if the uk leaves the eu that has to be one of them . 
  while he could have worded it differently , i could n't really disagree . 
  do you realize that if you just take the birth rate of the us and exclude immigration , we are shrinking as a population ? 
  sure there are too many people on this planet , but from an economic perspective that is a very real issue . 
  not to mention the fact that they are doing jobs americans do n't want to do . 
  you would n't have your avacados , your corn syrup based snacks and many other things if it was n't for them . 
  the real issue is that we do n't have any plan for empowering them . 
  when the cost of education and healthcare becomes too high , who do you plan to graduate university ? 
  i have left the states these days and while there are some great things about the us i miss , the fact of the matter is that i will have student debt until i am 35 and if i ever have kids ( i would like to one day , but even at 24 i see no way of affording them in the us ) they would have the same exact debt situation back in the states . 
  without these immigrants we would n't have enough young people , which would be an issue . 
  if the us could get its shit together then these kids could be educated , but we all know that greed will prevail . 
  provide univerity education by taxing the wealthy a little bit ? 
  of course not , greed will prevail . 
  compared to what is happening in europe , the us is n't really having an issue . 
  between the fact it is a parish and for syrian refugees , might be a hard sell as an athiest and another westerner haha . 
  that is the ( quite darkly ) funny part . 
  they are running away from hell on earth , but do n't accept a new life just given to them . 
  whereas i am not running away from hell on earth by any means and i want new life there , but i 'm turned away . 
  as a young american who is in europe and applying to jobs in poland , czech and a few other places ( quite helplessly due to visas , but hey its fun to be here ) ... this is funny in some sort of dark sense . 
  fair enough , i 'm really bad about stuff like that when i 'm typing . 
  english , tis a silly language . 
  well southern italians would find my accent awful regardless of whether or not i was from south tyrol , pretty sure 3 years later ( and forgetting so much italian at this point ) , my italian is better than quite a few people in south tyrol . 
  they speak german or something else . 
  when i studied in italy for a semester , whenever i needed directions from some people speaking in a dialect , i would ask `` parli italiano '' ( in a noticeably foreign accent i am sure ) . 
  they usually found that funny and switched to italian . 
  i actually had a student card from my university in florence that got me into places for free in other countries and far south enough in italy . 
  they would ask where i was from at muesams and stuff down in sicily , naples etc. 
  and i would say i 'm from south tyrol . 
  they would let me in muttering `` that explains the way he looks and his aweful accent . '', 
  one time i went to an italian movie , in italy , that said `` subtitles '' on the ticket . 
  thought that was strange and was expecting maybe some english subtitles ( which would have been nice because my italian only peaked at b2 , but very bizarre ) . 
  turns out this movie was predominantly in napolitano ... so the other italians needed subtitles .
