  there is no equivalent to this in english . 
  once i remember watching trainspotting with some friends and we joked that the movie could have used subtitles , but that is about it . 
  interesting , thanks for the explanation . 
  so what would happen in the case of importers wanting euros , but greece only had their own hyper inflated currency ? 
  also ( while it would be very risky ) , would nobody be investing in greek currency after hyperinflation hits , just assuming they could get a payback once the currency recovers ? 
  really have no idea how this would play out . 
  once everybody started converting all their euros to drachma , then the greek reserves would fill back up with euros would it not ? 
  generally curious how that would work . 
  for you or i , those who would like to work and pay taxes , for sure . 
  think he is talking more about refugees . 
   that sucks major anus . 
  i could not have framed my situation so poetically , it does indeed suck major anus . 
  ah ok , i see what you mean . 
  however , as somebody who is only making $ 25,000 a year , i get really pissed off having to file taxes every year . 
  just trying to show the other side of the argument . 
   you can move between us states without taking up citizenship of each state too that is because the us has a single federal government , the eu is a bit different eh . 
   not poles living in germany , but poles living 183 days a year in monaco to avoid tax . 
  you see in this case , all the poles working germany would have to file taxes as well , so you could catch the poles living in monaco . 
  the poles living in monaco is the problem , but your inconveniencing the poles in germany as a result . 
  well my government loans are on that , but my private loans have to be paid . 
  so while my gov loans are 0 , my private loans are like $ 450 a month . 
  i 'm saving up every cent i can here in korea , but still makes it difficult to have a move to europe . 
  just absolute nonsense the us education system is , my plan is for my children to not suffer the same . 
  yes well my government loans are on that , but my private loans are a different situation . 
  you have to pay those . 
  well in my case , yes the only way in is with education . 
  i studied in italy for a semester during university . 
  loved it , of course , and passed b2 when i left . 
  i 'm 24 years old , from the us and not from a wealthy background ... i have a ton of student debt . 
  teaching in europe and paying student loans ? 
  not a chance mate . 
  i 'm not returning to italy ( especially ) or anywhere in europe man . 
  just not the situation , unfortunately . 
  to visit , well sure . 
  a work visa ? 
  i studied marketing , i did n't study cs or engineering . 
  i do n't know what you are meaning . 
  honestly , the time it takes for citizenship hardly matters to me ... just living in the eu would be nice , yet that wo n't likely happen . 
  easy to say with an eu passport , you can up and move to many countries haha . 
  i could only enter the eu through a student visa and do n't have much of a chance at coming back . 
  even if i wanted to stay in the country i 'm teaching , korea , it takes quite a bit to become a citizen . 
  it is a bit ridiculous in my honest opinion , i make very little yet i have to file every year ? 
  yet huge corporations get to move their profits oversees ( this is no news to you ) and pay far less taxes than they should be . 
  if i screw up anything , then they will audit me . 
  i do n't have any money , if i get audited i 'm completely screwed over ... yet i do n't live in the us . 
  that is not too bad . 
  if i had a time machine the first thing i 'd do is make myself study cs . 
  i think you 'll have a bit of a hard time attracting skilled western immigrants though , because it looks like what you need is only it ( another estonian posted a funny government sponsored immigration video below , and i followed it to the website ) . 
  it is in demand in a lot of places and for pay much higher than $ 950 . 
  if it were other sectors , i think this would be less of an issue . 
  i 'd have no problem with a lower paycheck if it meant i could work in marketing ( what i studied ) in europe . 
  that is my dream right now to be honest and that is where you would get other westerners i think , but it is a different market . 
  should n't be complaining though , lucky enough to have english as my first language . 
  almost finished teaching a year contract in korea ... ca n't say i like korea that much , but teaching is n't that bad and many others wish they could do the same . 
  that was quite silly haha when i look at the website it is all it though ( surprise !, 
  is estonia trying to do anything about that , are they setting up any sort of programs to attract foreign talent ? 
  or does the issue lie with the population not being alright with more immigrants ( usually the older generation of course ) ? 
  oh pinko is classic murican term from communist . 
  more of a baby boomer generation thing though , like i was called a pinko by my 8th grade math teacher . 
  commie is more universal . 
  i think you will enjoy this right here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of_eape5vlu also you have remember that the poorest people , who would benefit the most from what sanders ' would like to do , vote republican . 
  a very ironic feature to american politics , the jesus trump card the republicans play . 
   bernie sanders he would be flagged as a damn commie , this would be an issue in the polls . 
  there are kids younger than me who have told me that being a socialist is the same as being a pinko , and that is not what murica is about . 
  i was born when the ussr fell ... even all these years later the propaganda put out by the us government is still at work . 
  freedom is all powerful , do n't underestimate it . 
  this is only somewhat true in my opinion . 
  if you look at what obama has been doing though , he has been using executive orders ( as other presidents have done as well ... fox news would have you believe he invented it though ) , to circumvent congress . 
  that aside though , he has n't done anything too major . 
  as in addressed the big issue the states are facing , the income inequality and big business basically running the country . 
  for example , when he was campaigning he said he would address the gmo labelling laws ( i.e. 
  monsanto just trying to make money at the expense of the public ) . 
  however , after he was elected he gave some fda positions to some monsanto people ... great way to serve the public interest there . 
  not to mention the fact so many business ' are just moving their profits to ireland and elsewhere . 
  i am teaching english in korea and i am required every year to file taxes just so the irs can know that i am not making too much money ( otherwise i would be double taxed ) . 
  however , big businesses ? 
  no they can just do whatever . 
  we could also address the fact that obama has taken a few pages out of the republican guidebook for foreign policy . 
  big changes would be talking about big issues . 
  addressing and fixing reagan 's two `` legacies '' : the war on drugs ( i.e. 
  the longest war we have had and the reason we have a bunch of basically innocent black people in prisons ) and trickle down economics ( i.e. 
  the rich get to piss on the poor people ) , would be big changes . 
   maybe we will see hillary step into the ring next year . 
  i do n't think hillary will be any different than obama , too afraid to make the big changes . 
  certainly a better option than whichever clown the republicans throw in the ring though . 
   remember if the exit poll is anything to go by and the tories do win another 5 years , it 's only going to help fan the flames of independence and keep the movement alive . 
  fair enough , i see your point there . 
  i still like my hardball tactics . 
  what if tories have a lead over labour and lab need snp to form a coalition ? 
  why not just play hardball ? 
   we need to see how this turns out to know what 's going to happen really . 
  we are going to have to wait and see on that before any hardballing . 
  part of the reason they got a referendum in the first place was because the tories did n't think they would actually vote `` yes '' right ? 
  which was the reality . 
  i think any chance they can get another referendum they should take it , mainly because it will be the precedent for their involvement in a coalition . 
  play hardball right ? 
  so even if the tories offered another referendum ( i know big if ) , snp would n't take it for a coalition ? 
  so even if the tories offered another referendum ( i know big if ) , snp would n't take it for a coalition ? 
  do scottish people dislike the tories thattt much more than labour though ? 
  both are seen in a negative light since the whole referendum fiasco , no ?
