  lots of time for them to think about what they did , you get free labour and most importantly others might think twice . 
  a painter is at his own liberties , if he is allowed of course . 
  no , that is my last name , was just altered as names are when people immigrated to the states . 
  you really think this is all about rules ? 
  they want to do whatever barbaric shit that they can think of and then justify it after . 
  do not expect any bit of reasonability . 
  very true . 
  to be honest people will always drink wine , the big obstacle will be climate . 
  i believe will bordeaux will be especially hit , even as early as 2050 . 
  well the situation is that they consume a lot of your wine and you ( as you and i would agree ) rightly do n't drink much of theirs . 
  so you want them to leave ? 
  then drink less of your wine ? 
  to be honest if they were eea the price would n't change much would it ? 
  you do realize that bush was elected twice ? 
  just extrapolate and you can imagine how stupid people are . 
  right now a third bush could very likely become president , i mean come on . 
  that is the big issue here , the idea that people from a completely different culture will behave in a way you will understand is just silly . 
  amen . 
  to be honest , what if approached the economy with the worst case scenario ? 
  if the government is providing more benefits to the public , at least people have something if shit starts hitting the fan no ? 
  that is what gets me all the time with my home country and if you were to ask me , there is a student loan bubble ready to burst . 
  the eu has a lot more in the way of regulations to protect its citizens , not to mention a social safety net . 
  so with ttip i can hardly see the difference in how things are in the states and afterwards . 
  sure some more competition though , but with europe you are going to the difference . 
  also no shit capitalism started in europe , but are you seriously saying that business ' have just as much power in europe as in the states ? 
  hope about we switch passports and you can observe how things work in the states . 
  the icing on the cake is that your from norway of all countries . 
  yea it is unfortunate :(, 
  well i am too pasty and white to try that haha . 
  thanks !, 
  yea i am in vienna right now on the tourist visa looking for jobs . 
  have been in europe for almost a month and a half applying to jobs and if i hit 90 days then back to teaching english in asia again :( i have some skype interviews this coming week though , so maybe the dream will come true !, 
  yea they sure are ridiculous . 
  the current gop front runner for the speaker of the house ( which is basically the most powerful peraon after the president ) ca n't even form a sentence he is so stupid . 
  haha . 
  very true , but i really really ca n't see them using ttip to blaim obama . 
  they want it too badly . 
  the ultimate plot twist is if obama knew this was going to happen eventually and is only letting it slide to it gets blamed on him by the republican , essentially making sure it does n't get passed . 
  that would be a bit tin foil . 
  you will hear nothing about ttip from the republicans haha . 
  ttip is the stuff that republican presidential candidate have wet dreams over . 
  forget porn , just imagine some greedy evil old white guys reading this stuff . 
  well if you look at my last name , should n't be surprising eh ? 
  yea the us and uk are the most difficult to get into , there is 0 chance i could get in there . 
  even with most my blood from there , still does n't matter . 
  you only have each other , that is it . 
  there are probably about a few dozen of us americans in europe who are telling you guys to avoid it at all costs ( yet that is effectively nothing of course ) , but there will be no effort on the other side of the pond i think . 
  there will be no protests . 
  americans just do n't care , even if it effected them . 
  europe is such a great place , i truly hope the country i am from does n't ruin it . 
  this system you are describing where you have prove also exists in the eu as well as in the us , to a degree . 
  now to the same extent in which it is followed by the book , i am not sure . 
  overall yes though it is more difficult for sure for you to go from the eu to the us . 
  you are from the uk though which could be about equal . 
  that being said what i am doing is very very difficult haha and this is a big gamble , but it is what i really want . 
  if you happen to be 185cm , 68kg , white , blue eyes , light brown hair and can fake an american accent though ... we can just switch passports haha . 
  haha , well done , tip of the hat . 
  there are some benefits , but the costs certainly outweigh them . 
  as somebody who is from the states ( and from my perspective ttip is nothing other than allowing big business ' on both sides to profit from european citizens ) you do n't want this importation of american capitalization . 
  oh yea the effects would be very visible in europe , but hardly in the states . 
  i 've been here for more than a month applying to jobs ( and finally next week i have a few interviews ) and some random europeans have asked my opinion about this . 
  demonstrations need to happen is what i always say , the people need to be clear that this ca n't happen . 
  with enough unity the people of europe could stop this , but unity is hard to come by these days . 
  it is because republicans and even some democrats ( honestly it is hard to tell the difference sometimes between `` moderates '' on either side anyway ) all believe reagan is a god of some sort . 
  a least in the trinity with jesus and george washington . 
  an reagan was all about trickling down on the poor . 
  war on drugs ? 
  yes , lets lock up young black men and screw over their children and wives . 
  but sure , fox news is not helping either . 
  from the perspective of an american here in europe , this will be far worse for europeans than americans . 
  benefiting companies at the cost of citizens is tradition where i am from . 
  at this point i think the true meaning was lost , the trickling down is the rich pissing on the poor . 
  who in their right mind would actually believe that the money would go from the top to the bottom ? 
  so the rich are pissing on the poor with a greater stream in the states than in europe , that is what you are showing us ? 
  well for sure it is not on the radar for politicians in europe , but there are plenty of people from the us , canada and the rest of the americas who would like to do it . 
  with the current situation though , unless you are an engineer or it type of person , it is quite difficult . 
  say for example some of my friends who went straight to an office job after graduating university . 
  they want to live here and say they wish they could do what i am doing , but they would have to quit there jobs and do what i am doing , just looking for a job on a tourist visa , with the real risk of not finding anything and having to back and find a job . 
  for me i was just teaching english is korea for a year , so it is more logical ( i put myself in this sort of situation of course , it was apart of the plan ) . 
  not to mention the fact i want to live here a lot more than my friends and casual `` oh i wish i could go live in europe '' folk , but regardless there are many . 
  also another thing is the people who will more likely conform to europe are the ones who would like to live here . 
  do you really think i , as somebody who wants to live in europe , really think higher tax/higher social safety net country is a bad thing ? 
  of course not , if i was one of one of those muricans i would n't want to live in europe . 
  the people who are desirable weed themselves out . 
  well strangely enough , i am another westerner trying to get a job here in europe and i have to say it is quite difficult . 
  next week is looking good with a few skype interviews ( maybe even a real one due to me being in vienna ) , but whether or not i get hired is at the mercy of immigration issuing a work visa as well . 
  so saying this is the only/best solution to greying europe is a bit strange because there are plenty of westerners from both n & s america that would love to live here , but it is very difficult . 
  i am here in europe after three years of planning and saving , just to get a shot at it during the 90 day tourist visa . 
  seriously ? 
  why the hell is this in florence ? 
  we can have our own opinions , but i just do n't see it . 
  with china who cares really , but sure lets not embarss bill . 
  on the other hand , covering art is absolutely unacceptable . 
  florence is full of beautiful art , this is there heritage . 
  even if that guy was offended , he is a guest , so he must be gracious . 
  preserving your heritage  money . 
  i know i just lost my murican card to the freedom police , but they need to grow some spines . 
  because one is a beautiful piece of history and a symbol of a nations rich culture , that under no circumstances should be covered . 
  political correctness going too far . 
  the other is a situation that has nothing to do with anything really .
