  i 'm just saying that if you think your country has the right to control it 's own immigration policy and not have brussels decide it for you , it would be hypocritical not to allow other countries the same thing . 
  it 's seems like people on this sub from eastern european countries get pissed off when the topic of restricting schengen comes up , and in the case of the uk at least free movement of people in europe is not a popular thing but we 're still told we have to accept it as a prices of being in the eu, 
  thank god the scottish referendum happened before this . 
  ` we 're allowed to emigrate to your country but no one can emigrate to ours ' . 
  did you really just compare nicotine addiction to alcohol addiction ? 
  that 's like treating cancer with a cup of tea . 
  or someone who is typing on their phone , as i am . 
  it reads like it was written by someone who does n't speak english as a first language . 
  jellied eels and pigs trotters as well . 
  ... racist ... 
  * black * pudding is gorgeous , do n't be put off by the fact that it 's made of fried blood . 
  poof . 
  i 'm shitfaced on vodka before breakfast . 
  ^ ^ ^ oh ^ ^ ^ god ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ life ^ ^ ^ has ^ ^ ^ come ^ ^ ^ to , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ die ... think ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ pubs ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ open ^ ^ ^ yet ? 
  france is second best . 
  go to france , 500 euro 's a day and all the cars you can burn at new years !, 
   putin hopes . 
  option 1 : the collapse of the eu , or at least schengen , the chances of the uk staying in are rapidly diminishing which will create a domino effect leading to denmatk , ireland & other countries leaving . 
  option 2 : europe greatly increases mediterranean sea patrols and border controls with turkey and comes to an arrangement with saudis arabia for the , to take refugees and share the ones in europe between member states . 
  they 'd take jewish refugees , just like europe should take christian ( or culturally christian ) refugees , and islamic countries should take muslim refugees . 
  it 's going to be economic migration as it is at the moment , only on a much more dramatic scale . 
  why be a subsistence farmer when you could be selling coffees ? 
  [ you dropped something ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man ), 
  or they 're just getting the end result if their own poor choices . 
  yeah that 's what i said , and that region has been a hotbed of it for centuries , what do people expect to happen ? 
  maybe later ... 
  if people are going to passively tolerate a dictatorial government and religious fundementalism they should n't be surprised that their countries end up looking like this . 
  how will accepting refugees stop them drowning when they 're attempting to get here ? 
  still looks like that if you 've got a few grand to spare . 
  okay , sorry . 
  the thing with britain & the eu is that it 's a constant question of whether it 's in our interests to remain in it . 
  they can complain all they want but all they 're making us do is slide towards the exit . 
  if they want us to leave that 's fine if they want us to stay they 're going have to get heir act together . 
  that 's unavoidable but it can be mitigated by making sure people already have jobs before they arrive . 
  britain coif still save money , and lives through this , so why should n't it ? 
  and why do you get to tell another country what it 's immigration policy should be ? 
  it 's still in british interests to not have those people there whether they 're poles or not . 
  i do n't know why you think that 's picking holes in things . 
  if we are more selective we 'd have another 35 million pounds a year , so why should n't we be ? 
  why do you have such a problem about a country deciding its own immigration policy ? 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2614279/poland-tops-league-foreign-inmates-uk-jails-ahead-ireland-jamaica.html http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2538897/we-spend-35million-year-lock-polish-criminals-jails-900-criminals-held-packed-prisons.html, 
  or they can come with no money and steal from people . 
  and we ca n't deport them , they 'll have to serve their time in the country they 're convicted which will cost even more money . 
  and even if we could what 's the point of deporting someone * after * they'e killed someone ? 
  we 're not refusing to accept migrants , we 're just saying they should have a job . 
  they pay money into the economy and it would be impossible to seperate the bad from the good . 
  if someone ca n't even get a job cleaning toilets it 's probably a sign that you 're going to be trouble . 
  how are they even going to support themselves financially ? 
  they can cause other problems aside from claiming benefits . 
  why would n't it ? 
   so what 's the problem with remaining few ? 
   it just saves the absolute dregs and wasters turning up without a hope of finding work . 
  read the comments , there are a lot of people here acting like they 're offended by this . 
  how are we becoming nationalist ? 
  our immigration policies now are the loosest they 've ever been . 
  they can still face to face interviews in their own countries . 
  most immigrants are recruited by agencies before they even get to britain to do specific jobs in the u.k , failing that there 's always skype . 
  these days it 's not asking much for a person to have a job lined up before they emigrate to another country , it just saves the absolute dregs and wasters turning up without a hope of finding work . 
  it is a good reason , it 'll discourage benefits tourism and help people get a job instead of going to some random place and look for one . 
  i mostly get annoyed by the fact that people are not british try to dictate britain 's immigration policy . 
  it 's not my criteria , it 's the british governments criteria . 
  you 're the one getting pissed off an accusing me of being anti-immigration . 
  that says that unemployment has remained the same , if all immigrants where getting jobs overall unemployment would be falling . 
  why do you find the idea of sovereign countries controlling their own immigration so offensive ? 
  how do you know they 'll get one ? 
  what 's the big deal about getting a job before they arrive ? 
  then how are the other 150,000 immigrants getting jobs before they arrive ? 
  we do get to eat french cheese without glorious putin destrying it though . 
  why ca n't they find emplyment before they come ? 
  yep . 
  it 's an interesting insight into the minds of the pro eu crowd when they ca n't understand why british people are so anti-eu while simultainiuosly trying to dictate a foreign countries immigration policy . 
  64,000 people year adds up . 
  i guess well just leave and will be that then . 
  who 's saying they are n't ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it says in the article that around 3/4 already have jobs waiting for them . 
  loads of companies already do this , they have agencies in eastern europe who hire locals for them . 
  have the same rules then for british people then , it does n't bother me . 
  no ones saying they should . 
  this is n't about people who can support themselves financially . 
  i do n't know , but as far as i 'm aware spain are happy to have because of the amount of money they put into the spanish economy . 
  google it for yourself . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  brits in spain are either retirees or have jobs , i ca n't imagine any british person emigrating to a country with 25 % unemployment looking for work , and if you kick the retirees out you 'd be hurting the spanish economy because they live off their british pensions . 
  ... ummm ... still do n't get it ... 
  it means they should have a job waiting for them in the uk, 
  works for me . 
  i 've never emigrated to another country without a job lined up and i do n't know why i would . 
  why would we segregate people with brown hair ? 
  as opposed to europe where ships sink in the mediterranean and the bodies wash up on italian shores and immigrants die by the dozen in the back of trucks ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  that 's a pathetic argument , no one 's claiming they 're not human , they 're just being referred to as migrants or refugees because that 's the literal definition of what they are . 
  also trying to claim that europeans are the only one 's who hae committed genocide shows how empty your argument it . 
  the law gives us the right . 
  if they 're refugees it 's one thing but the idea that we should just have open borders for any migrant is absurd . 
  i 'm human . 
  we 're all human . 
  that still does n't mean we have the right to enter other people 's countries illegally . 
  i 'm off the clock mate . 
  my original point was that there has been a complete failure of political leaders to solve the problem of youth unemployment .
