  italy is one of the richest countries in the world so it 's citizens should n't have to go abroad to find work . 
  honestly mate i do n't know , i was just making the point that young people should n't have to emigrate to find employment and some people seem to have taken offense at that idea . 
  most italians do n't speak very good english even though they all take it at school . 
  they 're not * bad * but they kinda of have the same attitude that anglo countries have to learning other languages . 
  source : i 'm an efl teacher, 
   does anyone else get the feeling that politicians have completely lost the plot on employment ? 
  it used to be the case the idea of ` full employment ' was a thing and everyone could have a job , then it was that young people should extend their education with university and apprenticeships but now we 're just sending people to other countries because they 've got no hope of getting a job in their own . 
  you seem to have got it into your head that i 'm being anti-immigration by saying that people should be able to find work in their own countries , and especially in rich first world countries . 
  ... and why is n't the economy doing well ? 
  why are there not jobs for italians in italy . 
  fucking hell , how many times do i have to say the sake thing ? 
  why would you want to live somewhere where you had to learn an entirely new language and live without any support and pay an additional tax for medical services ( forgot about that one ) where you did n't know anyone when you could live somewhere where you got welfare until you found a job and you spoke the same language ? 
  nothing you 're saying makes any sense , you 're just avoiding the issue . 
  new arrivals to the uk do n't get any sort of welfare for the first three months . 
  i know because i 've been working abroad for a few years and the same restrictions apply to me . 
  you 're still avoiding the question ? 
  why are young italians not entitled to employment in their own country ? 
  because it 's cheaper , they do n't need to learn another language they 'll get unrestricted ( i assume ) health care and welfare , they 'll have better weather and food they 'll find it easier to stay in touch sigh their friends and families they 'll understand and be familiar with the culture and the wo n't need to deal with londoners depressing attitude to everything , so why would n't they want to move to rome instead of london ? 
  is learning another language just a matter of paperwork ? 
  i 'll ask it again , why are young italians not moving to rome ? 
  i meant young italians . 
  and it 's not irrelevant , it 's obviously massively more complicated and difficult moving to another country than another city so why are they doing it ? 
  with eastern europeans it 's obvious that their countries economy is a mess and there are n't going to be as many jobs but italy is one of the richest countries in the world , it 's economy is virtually the same size as the uks . 
  you do n't need a new national insurance number or tax details or to learn a new language or not have medical cover or unemployment coverage got six months when you go to live in another city . 
  why are you italians not migrating to rome ? 
  20 countries with free movement of workers . 
  are you aware that cities are not the same things as countries ? 
  do you understand the difference between a country and a city ? 
  london is still in the u.k.  fondazione migrantes , italy 's largest catholic migration agency , said that one in two young italians can not find work at home and are forced to go abroad for economic survival . 
  are you trying to compare moving to another country to moving to the capital of the same country ? 
  if they 're moving to another country to find work i 'm assuming it 's because they ca n't get jobs in their own country . 
  i know eastern europe is poor and has suffered from decades of corrupt totalitarian rule but italy is a leafing first world economy , if eve . 
  they ca n't provide sufficient employment do something 's gone very wrong . 
  but why ca n't people even have jobs in their countries anymore ? 
  this is n't a dig at the italians or any other immigrant group but does anyone else get the feeling that politicians have completely lost the plot on employment ? 
  it used to be the case the idea of ` full employment ' was a thing and everyone could have a job , then it was that young people should extend their education with university and apprenticeships but now we 're just sending people to other countries because they 've got no hope of getting a job in their own . 
  ... because russia has never annexed part of another country ? 
  *** everything is racist !!!!!, 
  ban everything !!!, 
  how about removing assad ? 
  immediately deport any illegal immigrants . 
  people need to sort out their own countries instead of escaping to someone else 's . 
  how do you know unless you 've tried ? 
  somewhere between tea & politeness and football hooligans . 
  the irish are more extrovert & social able than us . 
  you 're like us mixed with the spanish , or us minus the germanicness . 
  it 's probably * why * they do n't have a high population . 
  filthy western lies !, 
  there are no brave russian soldiers in ukraine . 
  only holidaymakers . 
  who got lost . 
  in their tanks . 
  did n't having to pay for water being peace to n.ireland ? 
  there is n't going to be an election for another five years , who 's going to care about this then ? 
  12 on one and the plucky irish bloke still did n't back down . 
  nice one irish bloke !, 
  i mean why do you think this new law is being brought in ? 
  seriously ? 
  why do you think they 're doing this ? 
  so let them know that they 'll be sent to prison instead and you 'll solve the problem . 
  of course they do , otherwise how would they know they can get asylum here ? 
  morality is subjective and what evidence do you have that deterrents do n't work ? 
  you know what i mean . 
  do n't punish them & more will come , more drain on the economy , more british people out of jobs , house prices , more strain on the nhs . 
  so the question remains , if you want to help these people why do n't * you * help them and stop expecting other people to ? 
  they 've broken the law , how could it be immoral not to punish them ? 
  you 're trying to pretend this is a case of simple immigration when it 's not , it 's about illegal immigration . 
  what you 're advocating amounts to open borders and no sane country in the world would accept that . 
   i have no response to your argument so i 'm just going to avoid it . 
  feel free top house them and share your own money with if you feel so strongly about it , or is it someone elses job to take care of the world ? 
  no government would , it would be disastrous with voters , and no government in favour of it will get elected . 
  nice to know you 're aware of all of these people and their reasons for being in this country illegally . 
  does it not even occur to you that most of them do n't have the right to live or work in the u.k regardless of their ` paperwork ' ? 
  of they 're genuine refugees they can apply for asylum . 
  they 've broken the law , why should n't they go to prison ? 
  like think shutting down businesses employing illegals and imprisoning the owners will have a greater effect though . 
  there is n't much difference in brand names wherever you go , they price themselves at the higher end of the market specifically to be an elite thing . 
  yes !, 
  yo italians , i 'm considering taking a job on bari but the salary is pretty low ( $ 1000 p/m ) how far will that go in that part of the country , and what is it like overall ? 
   the generation born after 1989 has no such inferiority complex whatsoever , it 's mosty the older people who had to live in the eastern block suffering from poverty and humiliation . 
  this explains a lot , the younger ( 20 or under ) poles i meet come across as very laid back chilled but the older ones seem to have chip on their shoulder . 
  italy : verbose approach  increase in verbosity . 
  yup . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  the quran is not like any other religious text , it 's the literal word god , you have to believe it is to be a muslim , and ( unless i 'm wrong ) god explicitly bans homosexuality . 
  damn , what 's up in eastern europe ? 
  was the soviet union so bad you just do n't want to exist anymore ? 
   a strike will hopefully put an end to the practice of using underpaid gang-workers . 
  you 're being a bit over optimistic there mate , the whole purpose of mass migration is to lower/slow the growth of wages . 
  if it did n't do that we simply would n't have any mass migration at all . 
  in a lot of the world it 's virtually synonymous with * ` nice country , we 'll take it . 
  old chap . 
  we have fptp as well . 
  the lib dems are deeply unpopular with the traditional liberal voters for rolling over and letting the conservatives get away with so much during their last term in office , aside from the fact that no one votes for the lib dems simply because no one thinks they have a chance of winning and they 're generally regarded as lightweight and ineffectual . 
  the conservatives have been better at appealing to the middle ground moderates over the last two election by talking about things like social justice and ` the big society ' . 
  but they do n't want us to, 
  fair enough . 
  enjoy being russia 's next meal then . 
  * ` it was n't socialist because i do n't want it to be socialist . 
  fair enough , next time anyone invades we 'll just let them .
