  ... when he needs something . 
  yeah , hitler was admired by a lot of people in the 30 's for what he 'd achieved with germany 's economy , even churchill had some good words to say about him . 
  you ca n't blame people for failing to predict the future . 
  i ca n't remember the term for it but there 's quite a lot of evidence that people are attracted to people who resemble themselves , not those who are different to us . 
  after all , we 're not called * average * britain . 
  ... can be yours now for just 100 euros each !, 
  would you trust them in your government 's hands ? 
  they 'll end up furnishing a chinese billionaires toilet . 
  ` fuck you germany , stop forcing us to take your money ! ', 
  england likes germany more then germany likes england . 
  i did not see that coming . 
  ireland pretty much just acknowledged their mistake and took responsibility for it with a load of new taxes and cuts , which successive greek governments have conspicuously failed to do . 
  it still highlights the problems that brought about the current crisis , which everyone seems to be talking about atm . 
  you cunt . 
  what 's wrong about it ? 
  why are so many people like you intent on confusing race and culture ? 
  is it that hard to understand that even though someone 's parents came from another country they might still engage in exactly the same behavior as a native british person ? 
  no legal right to annual leave , no maternity leave , older retirement age ( 65 in u.s , 61 in greece i think ) , ` right to work ' laws denying welfare for various reasons , private health insurance instead of national health insurance . 
  honestly mate we could sit here all day debating the causes of this mess , but he way i see it the only solution is for them to leave the e.u, 
  i would call them them , the spanish and the italians lazy , which is n't the worst thing in the world provided you still have a government capable of running a somewhat stable economy . 
  the problem is that the greeks do n't have that . 
  go back to what it was always intended to be ; a trade block and a military alliance . 
  come on , they did have the earliest retirement age in europe and tax evasion is endemic in the country , you 're splitting hairs . 
  the fundemental problems with the country are right there . 
  the marshal plan was born out of pragmatism , the west did n't want west germany turning to the ussr , they needed a strong ally . 
  shame they do n't pay their taxes though . 
  seriously ? 
  half of everything that goes on in the e.u is different countries working the system against each other . 
  north korea ? 
  the other problem is that every other country in europe having the same problems could rightfully ask why they 're not allowed the same treatment . 
  you mean if they leave he e.u ? 
  i 'm not going to disagree with you , it seems like the only option left . 
  but * what * have they chosen ? 
  tax hikes ( or even paying their taxes ) , massive cuts to services & welfare or leaving the e.u ? 
  they do n't seem to want to do any of them . 
  it 's true though , paying off their debts without raising taxes , cutting services or leaving the e.u would have been an incredible feat achievement for any political party . 
  not only did syriza claim they could do * but failed to provide a single idea or plan of action on how they would do it * and the voters just blindly went along with it . 
  what do you expect to happen . 
  the country owes enormous amounts of money it ca n't hope to ever repay unless something drastic happens . 
  they 're politicians . 
  they all lie . 
  usually voters are not gullible to believe them though . 
  they should n't have made a promise they could n't deliver . 
  no one could have delivered what they where promising . 
   the money is at present going to north european banks . 
  you mean the same place it came from ? 
  social programs and welfare spending accounting for 90 % of government spending in greece pre-crash . 
  it was absurd . 
  so did half the plant , but they realised their mistake decades ago . 
  because the greeks * did n't * elected successive governments who promised them insane social programs combined with low taxes ? 
  better than our usual position of being fifth best in the world at everything . 
  ... but that does n't mean it 's wrong, 
  the whole things is a sham . 
  the greek gov are obviously unable to deliver on their ridiculous election promises and are going to pass the responsibility for that on to the people . 
  could the money for this whole thing not be better used elsewhere ? 
  i do n't think greece could be any more divided at this point . 
  welfare spending accounted for 90 % of the greek governments total revenue pre crash . 
  you 're missing the point , countries can spend what they , or reasonably expect to have in the future . 
  this is simply normal economic policy . 
  the reason greece , ireland , iceland and everyone else got into trouble is because they over leveraged themselves and when the markets went bad they could n't raise the capital to pay their debts . 
  greece ca n't even repeat the same thing because they simply do n't have any money left . 
  no it 's not . 
  how can the economic policy that got them into this mess get them out of it ? 
  if you think the excessive welfare system of greece did n't cause their financial meltdown you 're deluded . 
  but feel free to prove me wrong by beating your fists on the keyboard and down voting my comments . 
  yeah , itvwas so successful they ran out of money to spend . 
  his party were elected on the promise that they could pay the country 's debts without raising taxes or cutting services , which was always going to be impossible . 
  now he 's desperately flailing around for someone else to blame . 
   self-declared caliphate vows to conquer india and china you really have to admire their ambition . 
  cameron and the reformists will definitely win . 
  to be fair western governments do quietly put pressure on arab states to liberalise and reform , but the realpolitik of the oil business limits things . 
  there is some progress in muslim states , even though it 's painfully slow . 
  hopefully blatter might have been a unique case , he was clearly manipulating the system for the sake of his own ambitions , if not his bank balance . 
  hopefully whoever replaces him will have the sense to change the voting rules . 
  is there really any other option at this point ? 
  well pretty much the fact that the whole article is comparing britain leaving the e.u to the last time britain and france were at war with each other . 
  seems like the writer is implying that if britain leaves france will go to war with them . 
  russia empire 3.0, 
  it desperately needs reforming and until it is it 's very debatable if it 's in the u.k 's interests to remain . 
  there is no united common whole at the moment , there just political parties and politicians at the national level using it for their own gain, 
  a mate of mine joined the irish army a few years ago . 
  i asked him why since they do n't ever do anything , he said that was why he was joining . 
  mobility 's going to be limited until our sean gets his tractor fixed . 
  new laws aside have we not heard all the rhetoric before ? 
  how about the ones who brought down mh17 ? 
  do n't know who downvoted you , that 's clearly the best answer in this thread . 
   july 6 , 2006 update : the pew global attitudes project conducted a 13-country study of muslim and non-muslim attitudes , and british muslims are included in the study . 
  the survey was conducted by telephone between april 4-26 among an oversample of 412 muslims . 
  it finds :  think of myself first as a briton , rather than as a muslim : 7 percent . 
   think of myself first as a muslim , rather than as a briton : 81 percent . 
  http://www.danielpipes.org/blog/2005/07/more-survey-research-from-a-british-islamist for once guardian clickbait bollocks is correct . 
  lads , if you 're going to be fussy eaters ... 
  maybe not inventing it but definitely for popularizing it . 
  like concentration camps . 
  richard the lionheart . 
  all of the best ones i 'm sure . 
  the mullet . 
  we have a statue to a man who committed genocide outside of the houses of parliament . 
  you clap your hands , sing about unity & not being afraid , post a french flag on facebook and think that all the problems will somehow magically go away . 
  yes , isis has gone on for too long .
