  but as others have said western governments have been pussy footing around the issue of islamic terrorism & fundamentalism in their countries for far too long as well . 
  beheads them more often . 
   council members  nnamdi o. chukwuocha  ernest congo ii  darius j. 
  brown  hanifa g.n. 
  shabazz  new sweden, 
  and fucking awful reality tv shows . 
  trump 's anti-immigrant rhetoric would go down well in the east . 
  marmite on the toast m8 . 
  sorts the men from the boys . 
  it 's hard to make fun out italy , they do n't really care . 
  you get all stroppy about it . 
   * ` the french liberated themselves . 
  china is not a democracy and it was colonised in part by the japanese and western nations . 
  whether india could have become what it is today with or without the british empire is irrelevant , the fact is that it is what it is today because of ( amoungst other things ) the british empire . 
  colonialism is no a black and white issue . 
  everyone was invading everyone back in the day , as you yourself point out . 
  as colonial empires go british india was n't bad at all . 
  when britain took over the indian sub continent there where ( something like ) 50 million inhabitants , when we left 200 years later there where five times that number . 
  population explosions like that are not a sign of a society that is struggling , and india as it is today , a united , democratic , industrialised country , would simply not exist if it was not for the british empire . 
  if they vote to let them in they lose votes on the right , if they vote to keep them out they lose on the left . 
  as it is they elected to do nothing and everybody lost . 
  is nationalism not its own form of solidarity ? 
  that good old red , white and/or blue colour scheme, 
  i 'm pretty certain the faroese are people . 
  if the stereotype was true you would n't be having a party , you 'd be at home , in the dark , with your axe . 
  i do n't think it 's that at all . 
  there 's a cultural thing in some countries about accepting the linguistic dominance of english . 
  in japan hardly anyone speaks english but in s.korea it 's virtually the second language . 
  it 's easy , the danes are the ones who eat boiled pork fat , the norwegians are the ones who eat boiled lambs heads , the finns are the ones who eat alcohol , the icelandic 's are the ones who eat rotten shark and the swedish are the ones who are somalian . 
  canadians . 
  what the french are to us the canadians are to americans . 
  ~ ~ turkey or ireland ? ~ ~ ignore me , i 'm on my phone so i ca n't see flags . 
   it is n't simplistic to say that universities should be a free and open space for learning , but when students are forced to act as consumers yes it is . 
  if you are the one benefiting from your education you should be the paying for it . 
  if you 're training to be a nurse or a teacher you might have a point but if you 're studying law and could be heading towards a six figure salary before you 're 40 the idea that the tax payer should be paying for your career is unbelievably arrogant and selfish . 
  if britain leaves france and spain will call the shots and germany will be paying for everything , and germany wo n't be far behind britain . 
  replied to the wrong guy , sorry . 
  how many world cups have you won ? 
  they are all terrorists . 
  the syrian people love assad . 
  unless they 're terrorists . 
  and anyone who has a problem with that is also also a terrorist . 
   however , it is generally accepted that modern golf developed in scotland during the middle ages, 
  replied to the wrong guy ? 
  is that not the lyrics to a morrissey song ? 
  not going to use the trains germany ? 
  golf . 
  plenty of people do deny it . 
  are you saying that does n't happen already ? 
  if the eu wants to keep its big economies it needs to continue existing it 's just going to face the reality that it needs to give them incentives to join and stay . 
  the amount of votes each member state of the eu gets should be based on is net economic contribution as well as the size of its population . 
  europe was warming to russia until they started annexing bits of the ukraine . 
  you 're missing the point , the only reason it 's celebrated at all in the west is because of our christian heritage . 
  we might be secular now some people might have changed the meaning but it 's still a christian tradition . 
  it really does n't . 
  i lived in asia for quite a long time and even though it 's being pushed as a retail opportunity it 's really just another day . 
  not outside of the middle class in big cities n asia , with the exception of s.korea which is a majority christian country . 
  but what about valentines day ? 
  pancake day ? 
  the amount of crosses on european flags ? 
  western culture is formed by christian belief . 
  i said this elsewhere , that 's semantics we do n't celebrate christmas because of our pagan heritage . 
  i think it depends on the country , not every middle eastern country is saudi arabia . 
  turkey and jordan are relatively tolerant for example . 
  and what about india or east asia ? 
  where there are christians christian traditions are a thing , but obviously where there are not they are not . 
  and why are they western holidays ? 
   because the middle-east is notoriously intolerant and xenophobic of anything with foreign religious roots . 
   foreign religious roots . 
   christian culture . 
  partially at least but i think it would depend on a lot things . 
  if they were secular why do n't they celebrate christmas in the middle east ? 
  we might have a secular christmas these days but we have it because of our christians traditions , which is what ` culturally christian ' mean . 
  we do n't do them because of our pagan heritage , we do them because of their relationship with christianity . 
  we 're still culturally christian , we still all do christmas and easter . 
  so more people rent rather than accumulating wealth in their homes ? 
  why is germany so low ? 
  i did n't know you guys got that as well , fucking kids ay ? 
  i think it 's only fair that bozza apologises by allowing a sumo wrestler to sit on his face for 20imutes . 
  some people like their jobs and people are competitive , people work long hours to get ahead and they 'll still do that however much you want to work less . 
  for that to work everyone in the world would have to also start working shorter hours , do you think that 's going to happen ? 
  the market will not . 
  expensive items like designer clothes , white goods and electrical items are kept at a certain price wherever they are to stop people going abroad to buy them cheaper . 
  if there is such a decreased demand for labour then why are western countries taking so many immigrants ? 
  that economic theory only works with certain cheap items . 
  expensive things wo n't change in price . 
  car prices for instance are consistent everywhere in the world . 
  but since i have no problem working i should n't complain because i 'll be richer than everyone else . 
  are you going to be happy being paid less ? 
  i was talking about the japanese & koreans more than the chinese , but otherwise dodgy working practices do n't take anything away from the fact they work much longer hours than we do . 
  go to asia and say that . 
  there 's a reason why asian economies are taking over . 
  i would not want to be a pole in glasgow tonight . 
  how are they measuring it ? 
  putin made a huge mistake in refusing to play ball with the west , russians are going to be suffering for it for generations . 
  it 's the hours more than anything else , not even teaching hours , just box ticking and meaningless admin . 
  i was thinking of getting into until i talked to a few teachers and heard their horror stories . 
  * literally demanded by god as punishment as well * here 's what a modern , moderate muslim has to say about it : http://islamqa.info/en/20327, 
  seems reasonable since they 're the ones those shops would most likely be firing at . 
  you pointed it out with your original post .
