as seen in the historical documentary `` braveheart '', 
  she 'll be raising the jolly roger matey, 
  happy birthday little eurobros !, 
  hope to visit you someday !, 
  on the other hand , it 's hilarious that the italians see themselves as the least thrustworthy eu members . 
  italians hate italy apparently . 
  i 've been there ( giardini-naxos ) around this time of year , in a year etna did n't erupt . 
  it 's a beautiful little village around 25-30 km away from etna , [ but with the current wind direction ] ( http://www.yr.no/kart/#lat=38.31378&amp;lon=14.80647&amp;zoom=7&amp;laga=vind&amp;proj=900913 ) , it 's one of the first places to get hit . 
  hope the people i met there ( and everyone else of course ) is ok ... 
  result : denmark well we are quite similar , in the us people always confuse us . 
  russia has leased baikonur cosmodrome until 2050 . 
  it is larger than western europe , but has the same population as the netherlands . 
  last country to leave the soviet union . 
  they have many unexploited natural resources and are becoming extremely rich incredibly fast . 
  after their independence , they moved their capital from almaty ( historic capital and still the largest city ) to astana , which is basically in the middle of nowhere . 
  there was a small city before that , but it has since become a modern day planned federal capital city , like brasilia , canberra , and washington d.c. . nazarbayev has been in presidential power since 1991 . 
  in astana , the largest observation tower features an observation deck with nazarbayev 's handprints . 
  couples who marry there ( but also individuals who touch it ) are promised good luck for their entire lives . 
  the film borat was condemned by the government at first but has now been accepted as it has boosted tourism . 
  also in 2012 , the fictional anthem from the movie was played during a world championship . 
  the technical team had downloaded the wrong anthem from the internet by accident . 
  one of the countries that borders the aral sea , which has been badly damaged and is rapidly disappearing ever since the soviets started installing dams in the main river to irrigate fields for cotton production in the 1970 's . 
  only uzbekistan has been hit worse . 
  kazakhstan also was the site of the soviet union 's main nuclear test site ( together with nova zembla ) , where they also tested the su 's first nuclear weapon , rds-1 , known in the west as joe-1 . 
  rds-37 , the su 's first hydrogen bomb , was also tested here . 
  unlike nova zembla and the nevada test site , the area is open for visitors . 
  the americans , russians and kazakhs have been cleaning the site for 15 years in a joint secret project . 
  hell , you even imported your monarchy from germany . 
  the big argument is gon na be is that they 're too exposed to the rest of the world . 
  even if hypothetically the us will stop ( .00001 % chance for this ) , the british , french , russians , anyone will just continue spying on the world 's citizen 's . 
  this is depressing but it seems like a lost cause . 
  it sometimes feels like only a revolution which will no doubt lead to even bigger horrors than we have now will solve these problems . 
  what the hell are we going to do about it . 
  meldpunt oosteuropeanen 2 : electric bulgaroo, 
  if there 's anyone we can trust , it 's neelie kroes . 
  i 'm more interested about the high rate of hong kong, 
  obama is a bad president who ca n't handle korea !, 
  if bush was still president , the american flag would have flown over bangkok weeks ago !, 
  have you read `` kongo : een geschiedenis '' ( congo : a history ) by david van reybrouck ? 
  it 's a great book , it goes into deep detail into congo , from pre-stanley to the contemporary era . 
  i 'd highly recommend it to everyone , as it is fascinating to read . 
  an english translation is due unfortunately only as late as february 2014 . 
  if you speak dutch or manage to find a translated version , pick it up . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  [ do n't forget this version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-49jlla3n4 ), 
  i posted this last week somewhere else but i will post it again : [ most accurate polandball ever ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ismlg.png ), 
  yes . 
  the dutch constitution refers to the monarch as `` the king '' . 
  since a king outranks a queen , but a queen outranks a prince , this system was implemented . 
  so queen beatrix was actually `` king '' beatrix , but claus could n't be king since he would outrank beatrix , the monarch , so he adopted the next royal title , prince . 
  because there was an 8 year gap between willem iii and wilhelmina . 
  when willem iii died in 1890 , wilhelmina was only 10 years old . 
  according to the constitution , the monarch needs to be at least 18 years of age . 
  she was eventually crowned in 1898 . 
  from 1890 to 1898 , the acting monarch or queen-regentess was queen emma , the wife of the late king . 
  although she was n't a true queen by lineage , many people regard her to be one of the 4 in line . 
  so there you have it . 
  willem iii ( married to queen emma ) -  emma -  wilhelmina ( married to prince hendrik ) -  juliana ( married prince bernhard ) -  beatrix ( married to prince claus ) -  willem iv ( married to queen maxima ) . 
  draadstaal and the likes were funny , but oh god the horrors of boer zoekt vrouw ( who wants to date a farmer ? ), 
  monti : `` if this dick can run again , i do n't care anymore '', 
  well , kaliningrad exists . 
  though i have no idea why he would place the baltics west . 
  fun story - i was in troms\u00f8 earlier this summer , and i was talking to a soldier quartered at setermoen . 
  the guy mentioned how he was ashamed of half drunk conscripts running up and down the streets from bar to bar ( their mandatory service had just ended ) , and that they were n't presenting `` newspaper-worthy behavior '' as he called it . 
  at least we both could agree was that they were n't as bad as l\u00e6ffy , the guy visibly cringed when i mentioned that name :p . 
  mostly for consumption by the united chavdom . 
  nothing is as manly as permanent eye damage . 
  which gets it own source from blick/bild , the second worst newspaper in europe after the daily mail, 
  iirc , filet americain has nothing to do with the us , but rather with when it was invented , around the turn of the twentieth century . 
  back then , the us was the example of modernity and invention . 
  so the new way to conserve and eat meat was called `` american '' ( modern ) style . 
  take e.g. 
  also amsterdam 's hotel americain , at the time of opening the city 's most modern and luxurious hotel . 
  based , not biased . 
  this comes from the country that calls the netherlands alankomaat . 
  top kekkonen, 
  of course , we are very proud of you ( you have one of our two mountains after all ), 
  [ colonies do ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ), 
  seyss-inquart was austrian though . 
  i 'd go mussert or the soldiers who committed war crimes in indonesia . 
  i thought your diet was limited to pure bred irish babies ? 
  so you 're telling me greek satyrs do n't sound like danny devito ? 
  i think travelling with an id card is only for internal schengen travel , outside that you need a passport . 
  as openbare lichamen , do n't they fall under nl proper and therefore the eu ? 
  dutch politician , formerly pvda ( labor ) . 
  now leader of his own spinoff denk , which basically copies apk party doctrine . 
  they act like a turkish version of pvv . 
  they poll around less than 1 % , which still might result in 1 seat . 
  i think that flight has a stopover in la. 
  no that 's reserved for when may leaves office . 
  for some reason mobile wo n't let me edit my previous comment , [ but the great war channel did a good summary on why italy went to war in 1915 ] ( https://youtu.be/jzjjbql0fu0 ), 
  iirc , bih was a recent conquest of austria-hungary in the balkans , and the other balkan and slavic nations despised this move . 
  as for italy , this map was made in 1915 just after her entry to the entante . 
  it shows italy 's immediate war goals : south tyrol and trieste , austro-hungarian areas with sizable italian populations which had not join italy in it 's war of unification . 
  well hawaii and guam are unsinkable aircraft carriers , they are pretty important to the us . 
  ceuta is no pearl harbor . 
  [ i remember carcassonne looking more like this ] ( https://cf.geekdo-images.com/images/pic265353_lg.jpg ), 
  it was a joke , do n't take it so seriously . 
  sarcasm hardly works on the internet . 
  i like the map projection , gives us a whole other perspective on standard european geography but i just found it funny the only way it 's used is to show how far the wehrmacht advanced into the ussr .
