it 's normal to feel a bit awkward sometimes , everybody experienced it at one point in their life . 
  it becomes a real affliction when it 's a real hindrance on your everyday life . 
  if you start to feel chronically depressed because of it , and if you start to avoid social situations because of panic attacks , that 's your cue to seek professional help . 
  you 're just fine in my book . 
  fanny is a girl first name in french , 
  the worst feeling . 
  ragequit , restart a game on settler . 
  nuke everything . 
  maybe we should add a tag for the name of the model in the title to avoid unnecessary clutter in the responses ? 
  just messaged the mods , we 'll see if they respond . 
  oh come on , you 're full of shit , it has not been a disaster . 
  it 's the typical argument from right wing retards . 
  if the economy is shit it 's not because of the 35h work week . 
  if you really want to work more you still can . 
  35h is still too long imo , and except you work in the government or in a big corporation , you really never do 35h . 
  do n't believe what he says , it 's the typical argument from right wing supporters . 
  the reality is much more complex . 
  yep , too long . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love my job , but i do n't want to spend my life working , i 'd rather spend my day doing other things . 
  if you think that work is a requirement to happiness , i think that is you that have some growing up to do and get past the capitalist brainwashing . 
  in france that 's so typical from people from the private sector to shit on the ones working in the public sector . 
  the reality is that it 's the same everywhere , if you can get away with it everybody is willing to slacking off . 
  it 's not because everyone is doing the same thing that they 're doing the right thing . 
  i 'm happy for you if you find that what we 're doing is completely sane ; i do n't find working for 50 years everyday sane , on the contrary , it 's completely insane , and you 're the living proof that we 're truly brainwash into thinking that is the right thing to do with our life . 
  excuse me , but i 've worked in both sectors and i did n't see hardly any differences , i repeat : if one can get away with it , there 'll be slacking off . 
  3 months after a really bad break-up . 
  i do n't recommend . 
  this article provides no reference . 
  basically , all the author assumptions are based solely on her opinion . 
  that 's the state of web design right now , a bunch of wannabee human -- computer interaction engineers who love to follow trends and ca n't back their theories with anything . 
  hogwash !, 
  i wish i could upvote you twice !, 
  woosh ? 
  wow , a lot negative reactions in here , i 'm also astounded by the level of sarcasm and irony in the comments . 
  guys , take it with a grain of salt , he does not pretend to be a specialist in the matter , it 's just a well written and different opinion ... do n't shit on a post because the author does n't cite many sources and that you do not agree with him . 
  just because you 're maybe right does n't mean you have to be a dick about it . 
   ashkenazi men show low y-dna diversity within each major haplogroup , meaning that compared to the size of the modern population , it seems there were once a relatively small number of men having children . 
  some further reading : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_nature, 
  funny thing is that i 've been on reddit for 6 years now ( different accounts ) and i never saw this pic . 
  yeah , right , try this in a web agency . 
  you just can not afford this kind of expensive dev just for catering for 1 % of the users ( and i 'm really generous ) . 
  yeah it 's fun , but completely retarded when you have to deal with costs , delays and an angry boss . 
  is this considered canon ? 
  in my opinion he makes the argument about how pointless it is to judge people looks . 
  why blame someone for his looks ? 
  is it wrong to be `` ugly '' ? 
  are you a failure for being `` ugly '' ? 
  in a perfect society , no arguments should be made about `` weight and other voluntary issue '' , if one does n't want to pursue physical beauty , it is one 's right to not be judged for that . 
  i 'm only talking about judging people about their physical appearance . 
  it clearly does n't threaten us physically , but oddly we ca n't help to ostracize those people . 
  [ social deviance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deviance_%28sociology%29 ) is a very interesting subject if you ask me, 
   nicotine is not good for you , but it 's not really worse for you than any other stimulant ( like caffeine ) . 
  citation needed ... 
  you ca n't compare addiction to caffeine with addiction to nicotine , it 's day and night . 
  ( ok i 'm maybe biased as an ex-smoker ), 
  source ? 
  names should be mandatory in this sub !, 
  1347h logged on steam + 500ish on a cracked version before . 
  playing on emperor mostly . 
  played 2000h + on civ iv . 
  yeah i like civ ... a lot ... 
  - anything that have to do with spells and project image , it 's so lame ... 
  - mislead + mage/thief or uai = unlimited backstabs, 
  - backstab + staff of the ram = insane damage, 
  - carsomyr , so imba that imo it 's cheese, 
  - unlimited spells with wish, 
  - robe of vecna + amulet of power + improved alacrity, 
  - etc. . . 
  a [ good source of cheese ] ( http://www.sorcerers.net/games/bg2/spellsreference/main.htm ), 
  my latest playthrough was an insane difficulty run with tactics | scs2 and solaufein mod installed , and with these mods if you do n't use cheese you 're kind of screwed . 
  ( the eclipse and scs2 ust natha ( both optionals ) battles are insane ), 
  gained 20lbs in 2 months after i quit , ate like a pig , and did n't do any exercise . 
  it 's not magical , if you quit and start overeating and do n't exercise you will gain weight . 
  after 128 days [ i regret nothing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hlrgk0l.gif ), 
  a bit related :, 
  the german unique building , the hanse ( bank replacement ) , grants 5 % cumulative production bonus for each trade route your civilization have with a city-state , on top of the bank regular bonuses . 
  usually in the end-game you can end up with +50 % production in every cities . 
  not so powerful imo even with merchant confederacy and treaty organization combined , because in the end you ca n't use as much as you want your internal or foreign trade routes if you 're not willing to sacrifice the ub bonus , and these social policies are too deep in their respective trees . 
  tl ; dr : germany still sucks :d, 
  edit : they 're not anymore in the shit-tier , just in the meh-tier . 
  panzer come too late , and as i said the ub is a trade-off , not a bonus . 
  i do n't think it 's worth sacrificing some godly international trade routes for a 5 % bonus . 
  furor tutonicus is very situational , and the unit maintenance reduction is not so good . 
  - cancoillotte, 
  - mont-d'or, 
  - roquefort, 
  55 ... too much pressure :d and abi dazi ... abi dalsim ... abi-fffu !!, 
  his point is not really about loosing weight , but more about how to deal in an healthy way with an eating disorder . 
  eating disorders encompass many other things than binge eating ; it 's also about getting too much exercise , excessive weight loss , obsessing over food etc. . . 
  you 're not wrong on how to lose weight , you just do n't get his point that 's all . 
  ~ ~ hi , french here . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ blas\u00e9 means to have lost interest in something ... to be fed up ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ so in this context it does n't mean anything lol ~ ~, 
  ok i 'll show myself out ... 
  very nice write-up , thanks . 
  aztecs were really good in g & k , but i did n't use them in bnw yet . 
  if you have a natural faith wonder near you , and can afford to loose a faith producing pantheon , i guess that sacred path can be an okay pantheon to choose thanks to their start bias , but , as long as you can deal with the happiness hit , the aztecs really shine if you pick a food/growth pantheon . 
  combined with the aztecs ' ub , fertilty rites + sword into plowshares + feed the world sounds like a killer combo to me , maybe a bit too hard to leverage adequately on higher difficulties ( king and higher ) , but definitely fun on prince and lower . 
  but ... but ... it 's a gilded comment !, 
  i 've been off medication for 1.5 year now .
