  i 've been depressed as long as i can remember and i 've been seeing professionals too . 
  right now i 've been procrastinating therapy because of my s.a , and also because therapies are old-school ( no cbt , heavy medication ) in the small town where i live . 
  still , i 'm not 100 % suicidal , and if it gets too serious , i 'll get some help , do n't worry . 
  thinking about it , i 'm a bit better now since i 've stopped smoking , but i thought it 'll be way better , so that 's why i 'm a so disappointed and that 's why i 'm ranting . 
  lol , if you 're going with the nofap bullshit , i 'll have to stop you right here man . 
  i 'm clinically depressed , and i suffer from agoraphobia and sad and i 'm pretty sure it does n't have anything to do with my masturbation habits ... if you want to know more about sad and agoraphobia , do a quick search on wikipedia . 
  my favorite is the oracle , the ai rarely goes for it and 90 % of the time i get it on emperor . 
  one free social policy is huge as you can for example complete the tradition tree much sooner and get a significant growth boost with the free aqueducts . 
  second favorite is petra , the ais will always go for it if they have a desert start , so it 's best to beeline currency . 
  but riverside desert hills/sheep tiles with desert folklore are just insane this early in the game . 
  third favorite is brandenburg gate , for late-game warfare with a barracks/armory/military academy you get air repair right off the bat on your bombers . 
  oh god yes , that 's the first thing i noticed . 
  this is so out of place , totally destroying the mood of the site . 
  here 's a [ handy guide ] ( http://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/showthread.php?762022-whats-the-most-reliable-strategy-to-form-a-personal-union&amp;p=17063224&amp;viewfull=1#post17063224 ) . 
  looking at the screenshot , i 'm not sure , but i 'd say that you should n't claim the throne , you 'll gain nothing . 
  bought nicotine free juice for my e-cig 3 months ago , and i still have the odd cravings but i do n't think it 's because of my e-cig . 
  the e-cig is on my computer desk and i take a few puffs now and then . 
  i really do n't know if buying one will help you ... if you do n't already own an e-cig do n't bother spending money on one , because it 's a bit expensive in the long run . 
  it 's glorious !, 
  itt : people who do n't know about proportional response . 
  l'addiction \u00e0 la nicotine n'est pas anodine ( r/stopsmoking ) . 
  pas du tout d'accord sur la partie addiction . 
  etc, 
  i see several solutions :, 
  * release guyenne , champagne , auvergne , dauphin\u00e9 , normandy if they still have cores and feed them back their cores especially guyenne which is a huge chunk of france, 
  * do n't core and beat france again and again until you can vassalize them and then sell them back their cores, 
  * sell the provinces to brittany/provence if they have a claim or the same culture , then take them back when france is vassalized . 
  as a former civaddict now converted to grand strategy , i like to tell my friends that civ v is strategy for kids , whereas eu4 is strategy for grown-ups , 
  it 's ridiculous , just rage quitted my game with +100 k op rebels . 
  i 'm going back to 1.5 . 
  spam harsh treatment and accept demands ... tedious and not funny . 
  btw the paradox forum is up in arms right now , i wonder if pds 'll accept demands or use harsh treatment :d, 
  indochina was actually vietnam/laos/cambodia , it 's not really the same culture as india . 
  because it 's true and the word need to be spread . 
  with the video search , you can directly search for very specific scenes from movies and have an animated preview in the thumbnails . 
  no pop-ups , no ads , a wide array of sites being searched , best porn aggregator ever . 
  nailed it yesterday with a lot of restarts and a bit of save scumming . 
  a few notes :, 
  * if the palatinate or a country with more prestige rm bohemia , you ca n't put your dynasty on the bohemian throne , if it happens , restart . 
  * watch out for the coalitions , i had a nasty coalition war when i claimed poland throne , i had to hide my troops and hoped austria would n't, 
  white peace poland before i secured my victory for the succession, 
  * keep an eye on austrian wars , you do n't want them involved in a big conflict with burgundy , so do n't wait and keep them involved in your wars, 
  * watch out for pretender rebels , if they break your country , your king dies and your pu ends . 
  * i dow ` ed tver with no cb to break the alliance between lithuania and poland , took the stab hit like a champ and the war was easy :d, 
  nice guide , too much luck involved imo , but a great start if you succeed . 
  france is op if you let them grow in power . 
  you have to weaken them or deny them the opportunity to expand and hopefully shut them down . 
  in your game they obviously snowballed out of control . 
  [ here 's my game with brandenburg/prussia right now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r7igl6m.jpg ) . 
  and a short aar and tips . 
  first [ i pu 'd poland and bohemia ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/28nf1r/how_to_get_pus_with_bohemia_and_poland_as ) , then , i consolidated my position in the hre and became emperor very quickly while keeping an alliance with france , to keep them involved in my wars and at the same time stopping them from growing . 
  grab easy missions and let your vassals do the heavy lifting . 
  then i grew strong enough , grabbed key and juicy provinces ( antwerpen , lubeck , danzig ) and ate territories east of the hre ( to keep the ae at a minimum in the hre , and to be able to add those territories to the hre for easy imperial authority ) . 
  i kept my alliance with austria and i waited for france to rival me . 
  you do n't want to face france 's strong allies ( castille and naples in my game ) in a war , it 's best to face the french in a proxy war with an hre minor with a good cb if possible ( cleansing of heresy for example ) . 
  keep an eye on the ledger and wait for them to be involved in an other war , to be low on manpower or lacking troops , then go for the kill . 
  face them in the moutains , the lowlands are not a good terrain for a defensive war . 
  it 's best to keep small `` bait '' stacks in savoy , switzerland or b\u00e9arn with the rest of your troops waiting in an adjacent friendly province . 
  strike when your small stacks are attacked by the french armies , with the mountains and hopefully a river crossing , the french troops will suffer a nasty -3 malus . 
  also , keep an eye on your vassals and do n't let them be stack wiped . 
  do n't push the warscore to 100 % if you 're not confident that you can maintain a decent manpower ( 20-30 % of your max manpower ) . 
  do n't be afraid to take lots and lots of loans to hire mercenaries and carpet siege the french when you managed to stack wipe their troops , you 'll save precious manpower this way since attrition is a bitch . 
  before my first war i released burgundy to feed them their french cores . 
  i snatched a brittany without allies before the french too . 
  i took bearn in my first war , and released guyenne to feed them their french cores . 
  i grabbed also provence . 
  right now i have novgorod , guyenne , byzantium waiting to be fed before the dreaded november 11th 1594 . 
  i 'm about to integrate burgundy , styria and lithuania too . 
  my next wars are with a not so scary france ( 50k troops ) and a very weak ottomans at the same time , to release the anatolian minors and the french minors , then in the next wars with them i 'll finish feeding my vassals . 
  i went diplomacy  offensive ( mandatory to stand a chance against french troops as they will take this idea group )  religious ( religious turmoil is no joke ) . 
  i 'm at 150ish force limit , money is problematic while manpower is no big deal . 
  the colonizers are not on my priorities since i 'm not trying a wc . 
  i hope it helps . 
  russia is a pain in the ass in most of my games if i do n't shut them down early . 
  russian attrition , fast blobbing and endless manpower are really scary . 
  a lot of releasable nation 's cores disappear after this date ( all french minors , anatolian minors , byzantium , styria and more ) , and it 's much more problematic to weaken france without coring like mad . 
  personally , i like the challenge . 
  also it 's not mandatory to confront them , if you 're lucky and not too greedy they wo n't rival you and they can become an excellent guard dog . 
  right now in 1.6 , playing france is a bit ~ ~ boring ~ ~ easy , but crushing countries is a good way to wind up after work :d, 
  what was your strategy for passing reforms so quickly ? 
  ok , just the regular way , i thought you used some tricks like revoke electorate and appoint elector spam . 
  anyway , i 'm never able pass the reforms quickly , mostly because i 'm too greedy and the ae is always delaying the reforms . 
  personally i would n't recommend getting high on weed ( if that 's what you 're talking about ) , based on my experience , it can really exacerbate anxiety , and you 're going to have a bad time . 
  on the other hand , alcohol can be a marvelous social lubricant if one use it with moderation , the danger is getting too drunk and enter in a state of `` verbal diarrhea '' and spout outrageous stuff . 
  as for the anxiety , deep breathing , meditation and sports prior to the party helps . 
  too much exposure to social fears can be dangerous , keep that in mind , and pace yourself . 
  i wish you all the luck in the world , it 's really amazing that you step out of your comfort zone and go to this party . 
  tl ; dr : relax , pace yourself , and if you make a fool of yourself , ** it 's not a big deal **, 
  hi , loved your holy british empire world conquest and this one is very interesting too . 
  a couple of questions :, 
  * what 's your strategy about buildings ? 
  which one do you build ? 
  when ? 
  where ? 
  * how do you choose between full annexation and vassalization for minors ? 
  most of the time , you ca n't claim the capital , so it seems a better choice to vassalize , am i missing something ? 
  edit :, 
  i 'm not sure about the photoshop part , if you 're iterating through the design and need a complete overhaul , it still takes much more time in css imo . 
  photoshop has a too steep learning curve anyway , and i think it 's more suited to photo manipulation and illustration , not really webdesign ,, 
  fireworks is more suited to webdesign ; it 's simple , intuitive and fast , with kickass vector support , too bad adobe dropped support for it .
