  spraying against it , though , should definitely come back to the table next year . 
  i bet the polish governments of the time did n't even believe homosexuality was a thing , so they did n't bother enforcing laws against it . 
  seriously though , is there more info on that ? 
  polan is stronk , but i never had it as a pioneer-for-gay-rights kind of stronk . 
  plus , putin could sort of justify the annexation of crimea because of the majority of the population there being ethnic russians ( 68 % ) . 
  sadly for him , these numbers are n't in his favour in the baltics ( 4.9 % in lithuania , 27.6 % in latvia , 24 % in estonia , though the numbers of russian speakers is somewhat higher ) . 
  these guys were only a couple of hundred at most . 
  the way they answer is like they do n't even know what sharia law is all about . 
  they 're like : `` yeah , sure , i do n't see anything wrong with it , etc '' . 
  it 's obvious sharia is n't as demonised among muslims , but it 's still sad to see them be up for its establishment in a city in the middle of europe . 
  young people too . 
  i thought they descended from the fomorians . 
  same goes for greek and spanish ( towards japanese ) . 
  there 's a certain clarity in the vowels and syllable structure that makes these languages easier to pronounce among us . 
  racism and xenophobia are much worse in eastern asia than they are in europe , but due to low ethnic diversity in these countries , we get a lot more hate than they do . 
  hard to say . 
  on one hand , tourism is what keeps this city alive , but on the other , you ca n't have tourists behave in venice as they would in ibiza . 
  venice is a museum-type city . 
  you go there for the culture and the art , not the all-night partying and goofing off . 
  you need to be extra respectful and reserved while visiting . 
  i call it ` istanbul ' in english , ` constantinople ' in greek ( as all other greeks do ) . 
  i simply follow the most widely known name in both languages . 
  not making a statement here or anything . 
  ** advert in istanbul airport **  * you should n't be here reading this . 
  this place could blow up any second now . 
  it 's the 27th in greece . 
  it 's apparently an [ eastern christianity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st._stephen%27s_day ) thing . 
  til estonians are born in electronic digital form . 
  ^ look at this mountain guy over here !, 
  source ?? 
  once again , the hungarians are all alone . 
  and i do n't even know what the basques are trying to prove . 
  i can see that ... 
  he also reminds me of jim broadbent . 
  it was burhan kuzu , a high-ranking deputy of akp who tweeted :  `` the european parliament will discuss the report that will open europe visa-free for turkish citizens . 
  if the wrong decision is taken , we will unleash the refugees ! '', 
  if that 's not blackmail , i do n't know what is . 
   `` we must not give in to blackmailing and we do not need a plan b , but a decent plan a. 
  we need a strong europe that protects its own external borders , '' kurz said . 
  completely agree on both points . 
  no to blackmail ; yes to better border protection . 
   `` those who travel illegally to europe must be brought to islands at the external border and sent back to centers in safe third countries , rather than come in to central europe , '' he said . 
  also agree , as long as the refugee camps in these `` third countries '' are better at providing basic human rights than [ manus ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2016/aug/17/manus-island-detention-centre-to-close-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-agree ) and [ nauru ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2016/aug/17/naurus-president-says-abuse-reports-cooked-up-by-detention-centre-workers ) have been for australia . 
  `` malta slam dunked for cash-for-passport program '', 
  human technology approaching closer to singularity . 
  that 's w\u0336o\u0336n\u0336d\u0336e\u0336r\u0336f\u0336u\u0336l\u0336 horrible . 
  / r/totallynotrobots /, 
  well , gulen and gulenists are erdogan 's major political and ( reputedly ) ideological opponents . 
  even though there 's barely any evidence gulen was behind the coup , erdogan was quick to blame it on him and his followers , setting off the largest purge the country has ever seen in the most direct and authoritarian way possible ( even bypassing the parliament by enforcing emergency rule ) . 
  erdogan 's opponents are n't just the ones in the parliament , where , since his party has the majority of seats and forms a single party government , he can do as he likes and pass pretty much any law he likes for better or for worse . 
  there 's no way for someone to power-check erdogan . 
  * that 's * what the west is raving about . 
  he can do whatever he likes now and , if someone dares to oppose him for whatever sane and democratic reason , he can point his finger at them and have them arrested as `` coup plotters '' . 
  there 's nothing stopping him from going full totalitarian now . 
   how long would it take to try 38.000 people ? 
  very long , considering over 1/3 of the criminal judiciary judges were dismissed , detained , or arrested . 
  unless erdogan wants to place gallows in the middle of taksim square and be quick about it . 
   `` if slovakia is to partake in the burden sharing of refugees , then the rest of the european union should take in some of our 500,000 roma in exchange . '', 
  so , this guy wants legal slovakian citizens who were born and lived their whole lives in the country to be treated as illegal immigrants/refugees just because they 're not likable ? 
   `` you can not have an open-door migration policy in a country where public opinion wants the exact opposite . 
  otherwise you 'll boost the fascists ' support ! '', 
  that 's true , but the eu 's article 18 ( right to asylum ) has been there since before slovakia agreed to join . 
  they were free to dismiss it back then . 
  i 'm sure this could n't have been decided sooner . 
  certainly , no european nation had to go under harsh austerity measures to see if it 's worth it or not . 
  austerity * must * work , right ? 
  probably . 
  it 's totally true , though more pronounced to the south than the north . 
  they 're even louder than us . 
  well , it has always been ` czechia ' for us . 
  i was mostly referring to more modern achievements in architecture , art , and design . 
   aggressive swag culture i picture hordes of the whitest , blondest teenagers dressed in mismatched baggy clothes and covered in cheap bling , trying to convince the old folk they 're gangstas from da ghetto . 
  sadly , athens ( or any other greek city ) does n't have the same appeal to europeans . 
  no matter the culture and the history . 
  four centuries of ottoman rule made us lose most of the renaissance years and connection with the rest of europe , so athens never had the chance to compete with other ancient cities like rome or florence . 
  similar thing went on with belgrade and bucharest . 
  almost everything beautiful about these cities comes before the conquest or ( occasionally ) shortly after independence . 
  that 's because our economies are tied to one another ( eurozone , eea , etc ) . 
  waging war against your neighbour is not profitable if you have to both waste a lot of money and resources to do it as well as lose a trading partner and multiple allies for years or even decades . 
  true , but you can not tell me that trying to work out our differences without killing each other on a nationwide scale is a bad idea . 
  let 's keep all european relations on the diplomatic side . 
  no need for pointless bloodshed . 
  an important reason to have a united army is to minimize the risk of doing what us europeans have been doing for millenia : wage war on each other . 
  this alone is worth the endeavour . 
  and it 's only 7 metres taller than mount olympus . 
  so close !, 
  having seen their temporary settlements with my own eyes , i can assure you that they drop bottles , plastic bags , and other garbage not 10 metres away from a dumpster . 
  and with our rivals in immigration being muslims and ex-communists , germans will practically force us into their country . 
   the ex-chancellor voiced his disapproval of merkel 's september 2015 decision to invite refugees from hungary to continue their journey on to germany . 
  kohl also criticised the fact that the current chancellor did not discuss the matter with her eu partners beforehand . 
  too bad he missed the little birch to the south of him . 
  ah , so * that 's * why you have such edgy surnames . 
  you got to choose them yourselves . 
  most of you at least . 
  no real rivalry , to be honest . 
  most greeks do n't take albanians seriously enough to develop a rivalry with them . 
  i 've no idea who `` skenderbeg '' , but i doubt he could be compared to alexander the great . 
  if he could , i would have known him . 
  and ... did you just call the entire greek population `` pedophiles '' ?!, 
  wow , just ... wow !,
