  let them be ready to reap what they sow , though . 
  i 'm done being affected by threats , to be honest . 
  let them do as they please . 
  we 'll see how things turn out in the near future . 
  so long !, 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  * ( every eu member state ) *, 
   turkey , a country with beautiful beaches , never ending night life ** ( in western cities ) ** etc. 
  i think that 's the catch . 
  turkey is obviously a socially/culturally divided country . 
  a person from izmir will be more similar to a person from milan than mecca , while a person from gaziantep is likelier to be the other way around . 
  eastern turks and western turks are like two different nations . 
  i 'd say turkey is definitely closer to greece than saudi arabia culturally . 
  but it 's closer to saudi arabia than , say , italy or france . 
  at the same time , i 'd say greece is closer to italy than turkey , though not by much . 
  it 's kind of a clusterfuck , really . 
  i actually quite enjoy it . 
   turkey , bastard child of west and east people keep repeating this , but i do n't think it 's true . 
  turkey is a fundamentally eastern country . 
  there 's nothing specifically `` western '' about it . 
  its ( ottoman ) culture is eastern , its ( islamic ) religion is eastern , and its ( turkic and iranian ) people are eastern . 
  the country may be part of both europe and asia , but that 's pretty much it . 
  there 's been very little influence of turkey ( and the ottoman empire before it ) on the west . 
  almost nothing pertaining to culture , arts , and sciences that made it past the balkans . 
  even on a political and social level , the west 's influence was never that triumphant in turkey ( the way it was to india or japan ) . 
  russia is a country that fits this `` bastard child of west and east '' a thousand times better than turkey ever did . 
  turkey can be considered a pretty unique country in its own way , but i do n't think there 's anything particularly `` western '' about it . 
  meanwhile , folks over at / r/asia / consider themselves lucky if they get one hour of peace . 
   `` far left '' you mean communists ? 
   where would you even get a claymore ? 
  18th century scotland , i hear . 
  it 's important to note that the current financial and employment issues of the uk have more to do with uncertainty over the future of the economy and less about it failing outside the eu . 
  it 's much too early to come to solid conclusions about the latter . 
  most europeans do n't want turkey to be part of the eu . 
  most turks do n't want their country to be part of the eu either . 
  so why do we continue beating this dead horse to a pulp ? 
  i know that the will of the people and the will of the governments do n't necessarily coincide , but strong opposition against turkey 's membership has officially met from both sides . 
  it mostly feels like a diversion , than an actual rhetoric . 
  that 's the joke . 
  isis will still claim responsibility . 
  hp reference ? 
  it 's more likely to be in a damp camp on the land border with turkey or an island overlooking asia minor . 
  do n't get your hopes up , though . 
  conscription is not getting away any time soon . 
  and it 's 9 months by default . 
  yes , but over 40 % of estonia 's entire population is concentrated inside the tallinn metropolitan area . 
  most countries around the world would beg to have such a high percentage of their people in such a small area ( when it comes to internet connectivity at least ) . 
  by comparison , helsinki 's metropolitan area hosts only about 25 % of the whole country 's population . 
  the us would certainly rather drag turkey 's heavy corpse than pass it on russian hands . 
  it 's all up to erdogan now . 
  both nato and russia will get to present something shiny to him and he 'll do the choosing for his country . 
  yes , i should have clarified . 
  i meant the fall to the ottomans ( 1453 ) , not the sack by the crusaders ( 1204 ) . 
  estonia is a very small country with a small and compact population . 
  boosting the signal and keeping it at high speeds for the majority of the population is much easier that in larger , more sparsely populated countries ( like finland ) . 
  that 's one of the main reasons cities/countries like hong kong , singapore , south korea , and japan have such high speeds and great connectivity . 
  lots of people living in large metropolitan areas with high density . 
  seriously , though . 
  most byzantines near the fall of constantinople ( including officials ) preferred ottoman over papal rule . 
  `` better the turkish turban than the papal tiara '' statement came from that time . 
  of course most would come to regret that , but there 's no certain way to tell what would happen to the city and its inhabitants under catholic rule . 
  may have been better ; may have been worse . 
  that 's really odd . 
  just about every country with conscription laws wants to get rid of them ( with israel and a couple of other countries being the exception ) , and swedes want to enforce it ? 
  is it some kind of swedish pride or are they afraid they might need the military numbers any time soon ? 
  care to tl ; dr translate ? 
  i do n't speak ikea . 
  * pay * them ? 
  they better know how to swim ... 
  that 's probably because finland has conscription , while sweden does n't . 
  provide education , yes . 
  but not integrate them . 
  keep them at personal classes in their own language and their own nation 's educational values , not greek ones . 
  i do n't know about other eu countries , but starting this september thousands of refugee children will attend greek schools where arabic , persian , pashto , etc-knowing teachers will teach them normally and integrate them into the greek system of education . 
  does this sound like they 're planning to send them back to their homelands once its safe for them to do it ? 
  i feel helpless because the current government has shown clear anti-hellenistic tendencies , but will gladly support foreign immigrants and refugees . 
  because this will only make greek people even more xenophobic due to the government 's approach and far right groups and political parties will gain more power . 
   they can be deported once the peace is back in their own country . 
  yeah , that 's easier said than done . 
  and once ( who knows how many years from now ? ), 
  peace is back in syria , good luck finding those former refugees . 
  or convincing the ones who got through a fast `` assimilation '' program to go back home . 
  refugees/immigrants do n't come to europe to feel safe . 
  the do that in lebanon , jordan , and turkey were it 's easier and faster to relocate . 
  the one who come to europe do so because they were stupidly invited by certain eu officials and because they try to make a better life out of the one they had in their countries ( even pre-war ) . 
  no , thanks . 
  many of these refugees are getting through integration programs . 
  greeks do n't want such a large number of people of an entirely different background ( culture , religion , language ) to be forced to stay , given citizenship , and slowly become part of the legal populace . 
  plus , economically speaking , greece could n't possibly afford it , even if its entire debt was wiped clean . 
  it * is * clever . 
  though , every time you try to talk about german matters , you would be dubbed as another hating pole . 
  you win some ; you lose some . 
  * meanwhile , an american * : do you have that in large ? 
  leave it to the ioc to convince any country to fuck itself over for the committee 's big pockets . 
  thank god it was the japanese mission and not the israeli one . 
  above all , i 'm sure the ioc will admit that . 
  well , you * could * give some ground and use the german flag . 
  it technically represends your whole country . 
  unless it 's somehow insulting to you . 
  [ or worse ... ] ( http://i.makeagif.com/media/4-29-2015/cnt7gr.gif ),
