  the dublin regulation should definitely be restructured . 
  it basically ensures that no member state in the north and north-west of europe will ever have any refugee asylum issues simply because of geographical convenience . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  sure , there was a stagnation period during the arab conquests and the `` dark '' years following them , but until the end of the first millenium , there was a great amount of progress by the byzantines . 
  science , medicine , architecture , astronomy , mathematics , art , law , etc were flourishing during the years of the empire 's expansion and the classical studies of the antiquity never ceased to be cultivated during the byzantine times . 
  and byzantine economy was the most advanced in all europe and the mediterranean for centuries . 
  its maritime trade was unmatched , exports were massive , and its place as the western terminus of the silk road gave the empire a great amount of wealth and prosperity . 
  it was during the 13th century where things started going bad for progress and the fourth crusade , the seljuk emergence , and the black death of the 14th century were the greatest nails in the coffin . 
  that 's true . 
  almost everything related to science , art , and economic progress fully stagnated during the ottoman rule . 
   she 's specifically excluding parliament and not offering a vote on it because * there will be public outrage and people will blame the government for obstruction of democracy * . 
  ftfy . 
   eu is fed up with the uk and glad to see the back of it . 
  why would eu want to lose one of its most powerful and prosperous members ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  eu officials and all kinds of members of parliaments from all over the eu were very vocal about their hopes that the uk would vote for `` remain ' before the outcome . 
  even after that , most wish the uk would stay , but still have to respect the british choice . 
  48 % of * the ones who voted * were pro-remain . 
  there was n't a 100 % turnout and , even like this , a 4 % difference is too low to clearly define britain 's case . 
  the uk as a whole has to exit the eu , while almost half of its population ( divided with brexiters through various levels of geography , age , and education ) voted against it . 
  theresa may was one of the most vocal supporters of the ` remain ' vote before becoming pm . 
  now , she only follows the referendum 's outcome because that 's why she was placed in that spot . 
  she has no other choice . 
  and the eu does n't want to let britain go . 
  it never did . 
  britain was the one deciding this ( as its free to do ) and eu officials need to be stern with the decision and possibly make an example out of it . 
  they do n't want britain out any more than may does . 
  they go with it to save face and not let the eu get harmed by it . 
  with anti-european feelings on the rise , pretty much anyone would tell that to get elected . 
  it 's basically free votes . 
  thing is that britain will never truly leave `` europe '' . 
  this anti-european sentiment has existed in the uk since time immemorial , long before the eu was established . 
  whether we like it or not , uk 's history is tied to europe in both politics and culture . 
  and its economy ca n't abandon it either . 
  if anything , but for geographical reasons only , it 's easier and more sustainable to trade with the rest of europe and enjoy freedom of movement with its states . 
  even with a full implementation of brexit , the uk will still be as involved in european matters as it currently is and be part of the single market ( because anything else would be an economical suicide that no government will pass ) . 
  it will just not have a voice in any decision , that 'll be the only true difference . 
  britons ca n't put a sail on st. just and ship their country off into the atlantic . 
  they 're europeans as much as germans , spaniards , or bulgarians are . 
  so , instead of jumping ship and hoping it 'll go down , britons should have stayed in and try to fix this european `` evilness '' for the good of all europe , including britain 's . 
  i did n't say it wo n't . 
  it most certainly will , primarily because the eu is hellbent on it . 
  i 'm just of the belief that it 's going to be a very slow and `` soft '' brexit . 
  the uk will eventually leave the eu , but its relationship with it wo n't drastically change and things will remain more or less the same . 
  i may be wrong , but - for now - that 's what i believe its gon na happen . 
  well , half of the populace ( maybe even more than half by the time it comes about ) does n't want brexit to happen . 
  the government does n't want it to happen and the eu does n't ( or did n't ) want it either . 
  people rallying against brexit wo n't change the outcome , but it will give a message of support to the future government who will eventually pull the art . 
  50 switch and go with it . 
  they 'll most likely end up having a situation where the uk will be outside the eu , but with similar benefits and obligations towards it , so it 'll be a sort of `` non-brexit '' brexit and most brits will ( probably ) be okay with it . 
  that 's my two cents on the issue . 
  who knows if it 's worth it or not at this point ... ? 
  it 's the top destination mainly for convenience and cheaper accomodation , right ? 
  will prora be able to sustain this , though ? 
  if prices are too high for middle income families to visit for a week or two , then most wo n't bother with it . 
  high income individuals already prefer travelling abroad since they can easily afford it . 
  maybe sweden should cut the subvention and let them see how quickly allah abandons them with it . 
  it will still be tough to enter the tourist business while lots of destinations in the mediterranean offer better climate/beaches with low prices in accomodation and activities . 
  the vast majority of germans would never put a summer vacation anywhere in germany over one in greece or turkey . 
  especially considering how cheap it is in comparison . 
  [ meleagrisphobia ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/76/f1/b2/76f1b27833158bc41c93ac7b2f541014.jpg ) is not a laughing matter . 
  if europe does a good job at integrating those arabs ( for a change ) , then most europeans of the 22nd century will have a great human rights record , stellar social development , and beautiful olive skin . 
  they also have a `` war room '' , but no fighting is allowed in there . 
  you mean ** t ** urkey . 
  unless you 're insinuating that a galliform domesticated bird is responsible for a [ nationwide massacre ] ( http://www.museumoftheweird.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/evil-dooms-day-turkey.jpg ) . 
  i 've never seen any other state ( barring the * most serene democratic republic of best korea * ) glorify war as much as russia does . 
  [ this ] ( http://russia-insider.com/sites/insider/files/users/508/22-jun-2015/150617154754-02-russia-military-theme-park-super-169.jpg ) is from the pre-opening of a planned theme park . 
  it 's not even a matter of `` pocket populations '' . 
  it 's a matter of russia having historical influence over some areas and maintaining it even outside the ethnic spectrum . 
  fewer than 1/3 of transnistrians are ethnic russians . 
  nagorno-karabakh is virtually ultra-armenian in ethnicity , and the russia-friendly eastern ukraine regions are largely composed of ethnic ukrainians who just prefer to speak russian and being under moscovite rule rather than kievan . 
  same thing is more-or-less true about south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  russia does not actually need to intergrate these regions into their lands . 
  just keeping them as puppet states while maintaining troops and power over them is enough . 
  it achieves the same goals without putting * annexation * into the title . 
  crimea was a special case , since the majority of the populace are ethnic russians . 
  but snatching it away from ukraine was n't for national reasons . 
  it was in theory , but in practice , russia wanted to make sure that influence in northern black sea waters would remain under moscow and the port of sevastopol would never be allowed to fall off russian hands . 
  it was mainly nato 's interest in ukraine that pushed russia to such extremities . 
  i 'm not justifying putin 's annexation , but there 's no way in hell he 'd let such an important to russia , warm water port become a naval base for a nato member ( if ukraine ascended ) so close to home . 
  russia is the one who punched first and they should be punished for that ( sanction-wise and whatnot ) , but they did it only after nato kept fake-punching and shouting `` i 'm not touching you '' to them for several years . 
  ukraine 's role as russia 's lapdog since independence also gives a strong sense of `` ownership '' on it . 
  it 's the same way with belarus ( which `` russia '' in all but name ) , since neither country was a thing before they were formed by ussr . 
  i 've spoken with many russians and they mostly have a `` ukraine betrayed us '' feeling after the country showed obvious interested in the west , even though - as an independent state - they are free to do as they please . 
  will this apply to eu corporations as well , or are companies like siemens and volkswagen free to localise production in russia like they 've always been ? 
  alexander * was * macedonian . 
  ancient macedonian ; which was a greek tribe ( they called themselves ` greeks ' ) in every conceivable way . 
  and your comparison is not even close to being fair . 
  south slavic languages have `` thousands of years '' of history ? 
  really ? 
  plus , i was only referring to the name of the language ( which is the same language ) and taking any non-historical nationalistic ideas out of it . 
  a croat and a serb will have a thousand different reasons to be citizens of their own respective countries even if they use the same name for their language . 
  `` yugoslavic '' is just an example . 
  it could be any neutral name that could be agreed upon . 
  can it be used as a paintball arena afterwards ? 
  fair enough . 
  wars , famine , plagues , religious persecution ... 
  these towns look much better than their history does . 
  damn , that 's the worst attempt at classical order columns i 've ever seen !, 
  there 's no fluting on the marble , no capital on top , no metope over it ...
