  which country and with what laws ? 
  / u/dancedor 's comment was cheeky , but apt . 
  sherin kankan is telling us how free women are in * denmark * while practicing islam . 
  and that 's because of denmark 's freedom of religion and women 's rights . 
  you ca n't mention a religion and its values without putting them in a society in the real world with real people . 
  and , according to the article , female imams have only happened in china since the 19th century , south africa in 1995 , and the women 's mosque of america in los angeles since last year . 
  these are three countries where the majority of the population * does n't * follow islam , and where islamic laws are n't present . 
  it 's only natural to ponder how female imams would be treated in countries like pakistan , iran , saudi arabia , or sudan . 
  and i 'm sure these countries ' religious and humanitarian laws will play the major role in the outcome ( which would most likely vary between detention and death penalty ) . 
  i do n't know what it means , but there are some vowels missing . 
  it 's the deadliest earthquake in italy after the l'aquila earthquake of 2009 where over 300 people died . 
  and this time it happened only a few dozen kilometres to the west-northwest of l'aquila . 
  the whole region is dangerous and there 's a large amount of ancient mountain villages in the area full of houses and other buildings built with old and non-safe materials . 
  that 's why the village of amatrice was almost entirely levelled to the ground . 
  obvious south-serbian/west-bulgarian troll is obvious . 
  down goes the sickle . 
  now onwards to the hammer . 
  all three of you are right . 
  they [ fight the is together ] ( http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/fr/originals/2014/08/pkk-krg-peshmerga-join-forces-fight-islamic-state.html ) to make sure kurd-populated lands in syria stay away from isil control . 
  it 's not like they go around chopping heads and raping teenage girls in unison !, 
  that 's what they 're trying to stop from happening . 
   nearing security deal with us just join \u0336t\u0336h\u0336e\u0336 \u0336d\u0336a\u0336r\u0336k\u0336 \u0336s\u0336i\u0336d\u0336e\u0336 \u0336 nato and be done with it . 
  no , they 're not sided with them . 
  they just have common interests . 
  interests that are against turkey . 
  pkk may be considered a terrorist organisation by multiple nations , but ypg is only considered such by turkey alone . 
  because * of course * it would . 
  the majority of ypg are kurdish fighters who want an autonomous rojava right on the border with turkey . 
  that 's practically inviting the kurds of south-east turkey to join their lands . 
  it 's not surprising turkey does n't want that and is ready to do anything to stop them . 
  christening them terrorists is the easiest way to do it . 
  and assad would n't really be against that . 
  plus , the greatest ally and military supporter of ypg is the us . 
  are you telling me the us - military ally with turkey through nato - would openly support a `` terrorist group '' against them ? 
  the ypg have given the bulk of fighting against the is and have been more effective than the government forces or any other rebel group in the whole area . 
  that 's because there barely is any . 
  greece may have a state religion ( like england or norway ) , but the church does n't really meddle in state affairs . 
  i do n't think there 's ever been a law that passed due to ecclesiastical influence . 
  the church lost any noteworthy influence over politics early on during modern greece 's history . 
  that 's my point !, 
  erdogan can try to use religion for his gain , but the majority of turks , even the ones fully supporting him , do n't want to let religion dictate their nation 's politics and law . 
  by proclaiming the dangers of a major religious figure ( gulen ) erdogan undermines religion as a whole ( at least on a political level ) . 
  one really good thing about this hatred towards gulenism is that turkish people have obviously shown that they do n't want islam taking part in their country 's politics and that they treasure their secularity . 
  whether you agree with one sociopolitical idea or the other , what 's important is to always keep in mind that religion and state must never under any circumstances be allowed to join their powers . 
   this absurd claim that people were free under the shah that 's because that 's not what i said . 
  i mentioned * social * liberties . 
  things like women getting outside in close-fitting clothes and their heads uncovered . 
  i never said the shah was not a shitty dictator or that he should have stayed in power . 
  i simply stated some facts the way i know about them and , if i offended you , i 'm really sorry . 
  must be a very flexible ` circa ' . 
  not by 19th century standards . 
  and romanians are quite tolerable towards tourists and a generally helpful bunch . 
  can confirm . 
  iran 's social progress is an oddity by middle eastern standards . 
  the people enjoyed quite a few liberties and social freedom under shah pahlavi 's rule , where people grew in a generally modernist and west-friendly environment . 
  and then the revolution of '79 happened and the country went back into islamist cultural ideals overnight . 
  but the social progressiveness of iranians did n't go away overnight as well . 
  that 's especially evident among iranians who emigrated to european states ( like germany and sweden ) after the regime change . 
  they had problems to adapt , but their children scored and continue to score very high in education and fields like engineering and medicine . 
  hopefully some of these remnants will continue to become stronger and change will come from the middle east too . 
  well , it 's true we do n't have the freedom to buy a semi-automatic at a convenience store . 
  but that 's a `` freedom '' i 'm willing to give up . 
  it certainly takes away the trouble of trying to figure out what to wear every day . 
  plus , it gives a sense of equality among students and can be used to boost up a feeling of pride for your school . 
  you can be a special butterfly if you want to , but do n't do it in class during school hours . 
  the way it 's worded is like a great number of muslims in athens waited for almost 2 centuries to get a temple of worship , which is not even close to being right . 
  athens got its first proper taste of islam only 25-ish years ago , and it only started building up a sizeable muslim minority during the new millenium . 
  the vast majority of muslims who are legal citizens in greece live in thrace ( turks , pomaks , and gypsies ) where dozens of mosques stand for centuries . 
  most of them were built during ottoman occupation . 
  it 's true that this mosque should have been greenlighted ( greenlit ? ), 
  a bit sooner , but not * 180 years * sooner !, 
  it 's not like european capital cities like london , paris , or rome were full of mosques in the 19th century and athens should feel ashamed for slugging behind ... 
  it looks and sounds better imo . 
  it 's the italian rendition of wien ( through french `` vienne '' ) with the letter [ w ] substituted with [ v ] to follow the original pronunciation . 
  the vowel ending seems to be older than the non-vowel ending . 
  i could forgive anything , but `` b\u00e9cs '' for vienna is simply monstrous . 
  i do n't szee why not . 
  it ` sz szort of edgy , to be honeszt . 
  chill ... 
  i used central asia as an example . 
  change that with south asia or western asia if it gets your panties in a twist . 
  my point is that modern south korea is so heavily westernised , both on a societal and cultural level , that it 's not that different from most european states . 
  at least not more than many other asian states , away from eastern and - apparently - central asian states . 
  that 's especially evident in large cities ( how different is seoul from london or berlin ? ), 
  where most people reside . 
  where europe ends and asia begins is totally arbitrary since both are part of the eurasian continent and there is a clear historical and cultural continuum between countries that surpasses the europe-asia boundary . 
  tbh , south korean society and culture is much closer to the ones in central europe than , say , central asia . 
  the whole idea that europe and asia are clearly distinct is not true at all . 
  continents should only be defined by geography and eurasia is obviously one contiguous continent . 
  russia wo n't chicken out the same way turkey would , though . 
  the problem is n't eu representation . 
  it 's * european * representation . 
  greying out european countries takes away from the point of euthanasia * in europe * . 
  it 's like the one making the map did n't care for them and made sure to convey that to us . 
  if there was n't any data on the subject , just colour-in the rest of the states and put a `` no data '' mark on it . 
  i know , right ? 
  these maps keep getting worse by the post . 
   according to keelpno data , 65 cases of malaria had been detected in greece this year as of mid-august , compared to 85 for the whole of last year :  - 4 cases involved infection inside greece  - 50 cases were among immigrants from the indian subcontinent or seven african states  - 11 cases involved travellers returning from malaria-affected countries seems like the problem cropped up from people coming over from malaria-stricken regions rather than infected mosquitoes jumping ship . 
  in any case , there are too few cases to worry about and since malaria is relatively easy to be prevented and treated it should go away soon . 
  greece gets too cold during the winter for mosquitoes to survive and , since most of the summer 's gone already , this issue ( alongside the preventative ban on blood donations ) should be obsolete in a couple of months .
