  no money for insurance either , so you would n't wan na crash that thing and have to pay for the repair . 
  why not split the difference and put it in newcastle ? 
   capital : anywhere but fucking manchester . 
  liverpool it is . 
  where i live , my `` new friends '' would be bulgarians and romanians . 
  i like how op did n't even bother taking actual state borders into consideration . 
  yeah , but we lose northern greece . 
  not worth it . 
  messed up people , as you said . 
  these groups of fucknuts were doing these things even before the refugee crisis . 
  it 's just easier to find their targets now . 
  wait wait wait ... 
  i thought the leaked memo was about rapists . 
  did they mean * child * rapists ?!, 
  are they purposely trying to appear evil ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with turkey 's government ? 
  because paying employees and imports in euros is more expensive than paying them in korunas . 
   no , it has nothing to do with that . 
  it does , according to the article . 
  seems like the lack of euro as your currency was an important factor in choosing your country . 
  too late for us for something alike . 
  great news for the czech republic if this ends up happening . 
  not bad at all . 
  i 'm just a bit of a joke-killer today . 
  sweden has a law protecting worker 's unions and allowing them to bargain their wages . 
  in a way , it 's a better than a minimum wage . 
  especially considering the average wage for a working individual in sweden which is significantly higher than most other countries of ~ ~ europe ~ ~ the world . 
  of course it 's bullshit . 
  as if britain went to war with germany to liberate poor poland !, 
  every country has always looked after its own interests above all , especially in times of war . 
  not the same thing at all . 
  crimea is a russian-majority region , so putin could at least pretend it was for the good of his people that it was annexed into russia ( which it was a part of until 1954 ) . 
  stirring up ( or maintaining ) conflict in eastern ukraine helps him keep the eyes of both ukraine and the international community away from crimea where the heavy conflict happens . 
  it also makes sense that putin would want to make sure that any current or future ukrainian government would n't oust the black sea fleet from the port of sevastopol ( which has always been a very important base for russia 's navy ) . 
  finally , although somewhat unlikely , a nato membership for ukraine was n't out of the question , but putin would n't let this pass and would vehemently try to keep ukraine under russia 's sphere of influence even if he had to force it under it . 
  the baltic states , on the other hand , have no russian majority , are already part of nato , and are of no considerable geopolitical significance to russia ( the country already has the ports of saint petersburg and kaliningrad on the baltic sea ) . 
  an invasion into any baltic state would be nothing sort of pointless and potentially catastrophic for russia . 
  china has a minimum wage ? 
  seems like fixing and modernising the city 's river port , train track system , and building more storehouses for trading products could greatly boost the region 's economy . 
  that 's not too much and there 's peace and stability for many years now . 
  as croatia 's overall economy keeps getting better , vukovar should follow suit . 
  just say former yugoslavia , because that 's what people mean 95 % of the time they say `` balkans '' . 
  especially when it comes to recent military conflicts and general hostility . 
   you mean like the netherlands and the koninkrijk der nederlande ? 
  you misspelled holland . 
  * pfalz * was actually known as `` palatinate '' in english long before the allied occupation . 
  badmouthing the government is like a national sport in britain . 
  there 'll be a country-wide outcry and bloody protests is they try to penalise it . 
  `` platonia ? '', 
  is this an alternative name for the palatinate or was it a spelling error ? 
  how much is 50 shekels in euros ? 
  yeah , until your own pm allowed for the people to oust the country from the union and lose your leverage in it . 
  talk about a sudden change in politics . 
  centuries of british interference in europe flushed down the toilet by a simple vote . 
   denmark - another truth according to statistics . 
  they were also considering `` largest consumer of anti-depressants ! '', 
  and `` better than sweden ! '', 
  i love how turkey plagiarised disney . 
  til that was a thing . 
  [ the british ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvyqb0utkle ), 
  that would be correct . 
  what other country has a parliamentary antimafia commission ? 
  you ca n't bribe anyone if you have no money . 
  oh , yeah , do n't get me wrong . 
  i think gaelic ( both irish and scottish ) is a beautiful language through and through . 
  it 's just that the spelling is really weird . 
  those letter combinations , as you said , are baffling to try and decode . 
  many first-world , progressive , and economically advanced countries * really * do n't pull their weight when it comes to refugees and accept almost zero migrants every year . 
  we keep trashing ourselves in europe for being anti-immigrant and not dealing with the refugee crisis ( which - do n't get me wrong - i know we 're doing a very bad job at fixing it ) , but we 're still so much more welcoming and accepting in comparison to countries like south korea or japan . 
  `` he may rule until the day he dies ... but he dies tomorrow '' - trollmaster, 
  plus , if you think europe is doing bad with immigrants , you should visit east asia and you 'll quickly have a change of heart . 
  is he gon na look straight into the camera and say `` do n't be afraid '' to the people ? 
  your case * is * racism . 
  but this only applies to individual cases instead of in a society-wide scale . 
  and when it comes to its application , minorities have been systemically * way * more fucked by racial discrimination than majority populations . 
  you ca n't put both cases in the same basket and treat them as equal . 
  racism as a term means that you use your position as a part of the powerful majority to offend and/or oppress any racial and/or cultural minority . 
  sexism is the same only against a gender minority . 
  being a racist towards white people is a non-issue because nowhere in history were white people oppressed by non-white people in any society solely because of their colour or cultural heritage . 
  you can use the same [ source ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2015/oct/31/moscows-metro-stations-in-pictures ) as op did . 
  well , the flemish would blame the walloons for starters ... 
  the more powerful people stay in power , the more they risk feeling entitled to it . 
  we need a russian redditor uploading moscow 's and/or saint petersburg 's metro stations . 
  you should check out gaelic . 
  the spelling is largely consistent but the letter choices for sounds are atrocious . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  portuguese and dutch are very consistent . 
  not everything is `` pronounced as written '' , but all words follow strict rules in their pronunciation . 
  if a phoneme or phoneme combination is present in a word , it will be pronounced as dictated by phonological rules applying to all words with very few ( if any ) exceptions . 
  now tell me why english `` break '' does n't rhyme with `` bleak '' . 
  is it because of the * r * in the former ? 
  then why is it that `` streak '' * does * rhyme with `` bleak '' ? 
  there are hundreds of cases like these ones showing very little consistency in english 's spelling-to-pronunciation ratio . 
  this is also evident by english 's different accents and dialects keeping the same spelling across the board , whereas all other languages modify their spelling of words to mirror the change in pronunciation . 
  maybe you should have tried english . 
  yeah , i think our english-fluency level is worse than germany 's , but better than poland 's . 
  definitely a `` high '' level . 
  defense minister is also delusional . 
   0.5 % gdp growth [ welp .
