  most of the village 's inhabitants still speak pontic greek ( called * rumca * in turkish ) today . 
  my parents who hail from the area of * trapezus * ( trabzon ) and * argyropolis * ( g\u00fcm\u00fc\u015fhane ) visited it a few years ago and they could easily communicate with the inhabitants of the village even though their grandfathers left pontus to mainland greece in the 20s . 
  oh , i agree , but i 'm not so sure putin would . 
  batska lukashenko is starting to get arrogant . 
  that 's what happens when you rule a country unimpeded for too long . 
  he sounds like microsoft sam . 
   * the majority of russia is still in asia . 
  * the majority of the populace is in the european side , though , and russians are still a culturally ( and historically ) european nation . 
   * nevertheless , after all those years of europeans getting closer with russia again , hoping that even though human rights were not exactly followed in russia , most hope for russia to become a part of the european society died when they went aggressive in the ukraine . 
  * the biggest mistake is that the west left russia on its own after the fall of the ussr . 
  europe and the us could have dragged russia from its weak spot in the 90s and integrated it into the democratic west . 
  russia could have been a richer poland if we seriously bothered to see it as a new ally that needs to be protected instead of an old enemy that should be left alone . 
  whataboutism incoming . 
   romania is not so big . 
  how can you have 18 mln voters on 20mln population ?? 
  the registered voters were about 18.4 million ( most likely including romanian expats ) , but with only 39.5 % voter turnout , which is still very low . 
   is romania even in the balkans ? 
  yes and no , depending on how you define the balkans . 
  do n't take it to heart . 
   ... * a man tried to attack a security patrol with a machete shouting `` allahu akbar '' * ...  ... * pm bernard cazeneuve said the attack was `` terrorist in nature '' * ... no shit , sherlock !, 
   no ~ ~ brakes ~ ~ horseflies ftfy, 
  who is this february and why are they 2017 % trustworthy ? 
  i think it has mostly to do with language acquisition rather than language relation . 
  people from germanic-speaking countries simply have more exposure to english than others . 
  german or danish do n't sound closer to english than , say , italian or french . 
   i think people were comparing him to trump . 
  that 's a big factor , yes . 
  it 's easy to view obama favorably when you compare him to trump or bush . 
  i would n't ever wan na drink stale water , but i 'm sure i 'd gulp it down if my other two options were vinegar and piss . 
  if greece made a habit of shooting down every turkish jet that violated its airspace , turkey would n't have any of them left . 
  these sort of violations have been happening at least once a week for many years now . 
   * the bora is the name of the furious north-eastern wind [ which ] in trieste it gets to speeds over 200 km/h . 
  chains are secured along walls of most buildings to make it easier for people not to be blown away . 
  * savage !, 
  who 's to say that there wo n't be any russian aggression extended to kharkiv or zaporizhia if that happens ? 
  oh , yes . 
  there 's a lot of blame to be had from both sides . 
  i 'm just expressing my views from my own side . 
  well , they 're obviously wario and peach , duh !, 
  at this point , i 'm convinced he just signs every piece of paper the reps are handing to him . 
  there 's plenty of blame to be had from all sides involved in this . 
  finger-pointing does no good to anyone . 
  we were foolish and corrupt , and now we 're paying for it . 
  i just hope the younger generations of greeks will be wiser than the previous ones and this cycle of mistakes wo n't be repeated once ( or * if * ) we come out of it . 
   * they might have an understanding for the us not to meddle there any more . 
  * what do you mean by `` any more '' . 
  the us has n't meddled with ukraine at all so far . 
  * the riders of rohan theme starts playing *, 
  what 's wrong with just * european union * ? . 
  it 's already present and catchy . 
  we just need to federalise the already established union . 
  no need for a name change . 
  no , it was n't . 
  it was * attested * as such during certain instances of the classical era , but the fact that there are n't attestations of homosexual activities during the ( christian ) middle ages only happens because they were outlawed and viewed as sinful ( and punishable ) by the law of the church . 
  same thing with the scarce mentions of rape . 
  women were seen as possessions of their husbands until recently ( still do in some parts of the world ) so it 's not like they 'd openly speak and write down all the times they had to endure being raped . 
  just because there is n't historical data on something , it does n't mean it did n't happen . 
  people with homosexual/bisexual inclinations have always existed . 
  they were n't `` created '' by modern societies . 
   until modern liberalism created the concept of sexuality til homosexuality was created by modern liberals . 
  french guiana is an overseas * department * , not an overseas collectivity ,, 
  seems like you 're right . 
  saint martin in the caribbean is the only french overseas collectivity that 's part of the eu . 
  no , but ukraine does n't have the military might required to go on a full-on war with russia . 
  not to mention that , if they did that , they would appear as the aggressor as russia would certainly play the victim . 
  also , france is single-handedly responsible for stretching the eu 's borders all the way to the middle of the pacific . 
  i know what you meant . 
  i was just clarifying . 
  you ca n't have ~ ~ a declaration of ~ ~ war between two states when one of them does n't even acknowledge it 's involved in it . 
  edit : correction, 
  orthodoxy does n't recognise the pontiff either . 
  does this mean it 's not `` real '' christianity ? 
  its doctrine preceded the pope by centuries . 
  plus , each pope is a human being chosen by a conclave of other human beings who are neither sinless nor infallible ( contrary to their own beliefs ) . 
  catholicism 's tendency to nearly deify the pope is dangerously close to heresy . 
  that 's true , but it 's because russia denies it 's involved in the conflict . 
  exactly . 
  different denominations have different biblical canons and develop different doctrines , all in the name of christ . 
  this is what makes them christian . 
  accepting jesus christ as your lord and saviour is literally the only thing needed to make you a christian . 
  most of everything else is disputed one way or another . 
  there are a lot of things mentioned in the bible that are n't followed by modern churches of each denomination . 
  by your definition , no church is christian , unless we commence cherry picking . 
   only because you 're all modern now !, 
  ancient greek used a `` hard th '' , which is much more like a `` d '' ... 
  it depends on what you mean by `` modern '' . 
  it 's believed that voiced plosives [ b , d , g ] were fricated to / v / , / \u00f0 / , / \u0263 / about two thousand years ago . 
  it 's not really a modern phonological change . 
  keep in mind that greek is a very conservative language . 
  the vast majority of phonological changes modern greek has were already in place since the 10th century ad or so . 
  a greek-speaker of that time would sound closer to a modern greek-speaker than one from the 1st century ad . 
  i 'm sure they 'll catch up in about a century or two . 
  or learn how to properly use . 
  the universal declaration of human rights is also very clear when it comes to the right to self-determination . 
  it goes without saying that * any * state would have a `` no secessions '' clause in its constitution . 
  does this mean no region/area in any country should ever be allowed to secede because it will violate its constitution by doing so ? 
  that 's like someone holding you tied to a chain and telling you that you have no official right to break free from it . 
  for the record , i believe that catalonia is better with spain and does n't have a serious reason to secede , but it 's still a very legitimate one . 
  no one should be able to deny catalonia - or any other region - the right to self-determination and independence . 
  i absolutely adore the purple roof .
