  it 's important to note that the hdp is openly pro-kurdish , but refuses it has any ties to the pkk . 
  furthermore , it 's very convenient for erdogan 's government to dub anything pro-kurdish as supporting terrorism . 
  aka the only joy you can ever get by the louvre . 
  i 'm more impressed by how empty the place is , than the painting 's size . 
  slovaks are lucky the american proposal of ` wilsonov ' or ` wilsonstadt ' ( from american president woodrow wilson ) did n't pass . 
  ` bratislava ' is much better a name for the city . 
  father of pepin the hunchback, 
  well , it 's the national anthem of another country . 
  i think you 'd get just as many strange looks if you played any other national anthem apart from the polish one . 
  plus , you can easily say you enjoy the musical works of tchaikovsky or rachmaninoff and be seen as rather cultured once again . 
  if it 's before the creation of the ussr and it 's russian , it 's usually viewed as something good to adhere to . 
  yeah , there are bad guys who are white ( saruman being the prime example ) , but there are no dark-skinned guys who are good . 
  not even one non-white creature of any race that is fighting alongside the good guys . 
  the bull is almost always killed . 
  it never `` wins '' . 
  it 's when the crowd thinks that the bull fought bravely enough , that 's when they can ask to spare him . 
  but that 's extremely rare . 
  in any case , even before the matador pulls out the estoque and pierces the bull 's heart with it , the other toreros have already shoved banderillas in the bulls back , drawing its blood and exhausting it in the process . 
  that 's nothing more than glorified torture . 
  a traditional * corrida * ( bullfighting ) is a barbaric `` sport '' that needs to be banned and thankfully more and more spaniards come to this conclusion every year . 
  a more humane * recortes * ( bull-leaping ) or * encierros * ( running of the bulls ) are better choices for bull-related spectacles , since the only ones in danger are people who voluntarily signed up for it . 
  most of the damage was done because the ottomans would simply refuse to progress . 
  things like sciences , arts , and letters were exploding all over europe mostly based on principles from the classical era of greece and rome . 
  the ottomans , on the other hand , would stagnate even during their best years . 
  their economy would be booming , but they would n't care much about living a mark in this world and reaching europe 's greatness . 
   ottoman empire did not have forced conversion . 
  [ ahem . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dev%c5%9firme ), 
  no , they never banned any religion , but they made any non-muslim pay crippling taxes multiple times the amount a muslim had to pay . 
  [ this tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jizya ) was abolished in the ottoman empire as late as 1856 under pressure from the allied powers after the crimean war . 
  and let 's not forget [ this tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varl%c4%b1k_vergisi ) from the new republic of `` totally-nothing-like-the-ottoman-empire '' turkey . 
  not to mention that all good guys are white , while if someone is described as having dark skin ( whether an orc or a southron or anything else ) , it 's always a bad guy . 
  yeah ... 
  the racist undertones are pretty obvious in lotr . 
  maybe , just * maybe * if the government tried to be a little less oppressive , they 'd stop doing that . 
  i mean , it 's not like we 're waging war against each other anymore . 
  a united european army will be used to secure the eu . 
  that 's something all member-states want . 
   ultimately your post points out that some bad feelings still do exist in europeans and i 've seen it myself but we are in a really difficult `` chicken and the egg '' ( which came first ? 
  the chicken or the egg ? ), 
  situation here . 
  do people have negative feelings towards migrant communities because of issues currently posed by them ( crime etc. ), 
  or was that feeling there already and partially contributes to marginalisation ? 
  i believe it 's mostly because of people already having the tendency to being prejudicial towards immigrants . 
  for example , when the population exchange of 1923 happened between greece and turkey , hundred of thousands of greeks were expelled from their ancestral homes in anatolia and were brought to greece proper . 
  most of them were settled to newly-abandoned villages and uninhabited areas near towns and cities . 
  these places were usually marshlands and bogs unfit for settlement and the native greeks were often prejudicial and even hostile towards the immigrants . 
  these people were forced to leave their homes and come to a ( to them ) foreign land , and even though they had the same ancestry , culture , religion , and language ( albeit , different dialect ) with the locals , they were still treated negatively and faced challenges in integration . 
  the immigrants , though , were good for each locale . 
  they were among the most educated and well-versed workers and businessmen . 
  they built villages and towns , made major contributions to greece 's economy , and still had to wait for generations before the local community accepted them . 
  now imagine how difficult it would be for people of different heritage to be accepted . 
  sure , 2016 is much better than 1923 in terms of social integration , but it 's nowhere near perfect . 
  i ca n't be certain , but i reckon it starts from the natives first , before affecting the immigrants and making a vicious circle out of the situation . 
  the concept of `` whiteness '' is way more prevalent in america than it is in europe anyway . 
  especially when it comes to racism and social prejudice . 
  europeans have been doing that long before bringing skin colour to the mix . 
  plus , a century ago immigrants to usa from poland or italy were n't considered white . 
  at least not the same white as the english or the germans . 
  and before them , it was the french and the irish not considered white . 
  seriously ... the * irish * !, 
  the concept of whiteness keeps expanding over time and it 's ridiculous to begin with . 
  or worse : borrowing . 
  the rich will pay more and the poor will pay more and receive less . 
  apparently they can ( for now ) . 
  greece in total has way more afforable housing than most other european countries . 
  i know for a fact that at least one of them is a confirmed polyglot with many years of studying multiple languages . 
  i 've also seen enough videos of him displaying his multilingualism to be sure he 's the real deal . 
  i believe the rest of them are as well . 
  on the contrary . 
  as an agglutinative language , hungarian is fairly regular , at least compared to indo-european synthetic & analytic languages . 
  it 's just not related to any other major european language ( apart from a distant relation to finnish and estonian ) , making its vocabulary more distinct . 
  i hear its grammar is a bitch , as well . 
  well , 1984 's eurasia was formed after the ussr annexed most of europe , so ... 
  - gives weather facts about europe . 
  - provides degrees in fahrenheit . 
  top kek . 
  if syriza did n't want to inherit this mess , they should n't have ran for the election . 
  if they did n't , the ( obviously delusional ) people who voted for them would n't even have that voting option . 
  well , even orwell 's closer-than-ever-to-become-reality [ dystopian eurasia ] ( https://writingasiplease.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/1984_fictious_world_map.png ) has them out of it . 
  it will also throw the people and the government into a judicial whirlwind once court cases start emerging in a few months from now . 
  the icj has already condemned the purges ( particularly of the turkish judiciary ) and many purged individuals and organisations in turkey will appeal to it . 
  not to mention that nobody asked them to take care of it in the first place . 
  obviously drinking too much alcohol makes you teleport , though it seems to make you black out in the process . 
  well , that was kinda rude ... 
  i 'm sure the toilet could do a little better . 
  i do n't know either . 
  there are certain islands that are several km ^ 2 in area , large enough to house some facilities , but they would get overcrowded quickly . 
  we could also do what australia does with papua-new guinea and nauru and pay other nearby countries ( maybe mena countries with similar muslim cultures ) to house them in camps built and sustained by the eu . 
  there are a bunch of ways to deal with mass immigration better than we have so far . 
  the problem is n't a lack of proposals , but a lack of will from a political level . 
  we 're mostly just yoloing through this serious issue so far ... 
  not harder than it is for you to realise that truth is not subjective and your opinion does n't affect it , apparently ... 
  if it ai n't a fact , it 's an opinion , not `` the truth '' . 
  i think this is largely true . 
  alcohol in the south is more of an `` extra '' to having a good time , but the more to the north you go the more essential it 's considered to enjoying any gathering or event . 
  the truth is that `` macedonian '' identity is a thing that did n't exist a century ago and that most slavomacedonians had no issue calling themselves bulgarians back then . 
  plain , simple , historically verified truth . 
  the usa does * not * have an efficient deportation system and once an illegal immigrant enters the country , the law does diddly-squat to locate , apprehend , and deport them . 
  it 's no wonder immigration has always been one of the major issues for political discussion in the us .
