   they say that there is no alternative . 
  how can they say that when they have n't given any other party apart from akp a chance to rule for the last 15 years ? 
  i 'd be surprised if even 0.001 % of greek people have ever tried skyr . 
  praise the north atlantic current !, 
  only ~ ~ 90s ~ ~ spain 's kids will get this . 
  it 's not as much a problem of the eu and the open borders as it is about germany 's generous welfare system , with which the eu has nothing to do . 
  that 's ze * e * land . 
  totally different thing . 
  i 'm shocked you managed to mix them up . 
  well , it 's in the hands of germans to not let this number grow bigger in the future . 
  well , gulf countries like uae and qatar have up to 88 % foreigners living in them and they thrive ( the countries , not the people ) . 
  the tv host has `` self-hating closeted case '' written all over his face . 
  russia has skipped stage 4 , but ( as the article proves ) they 're fully embracing stage 5 . 
  for what ? 
  you guys barely tolerate scania . 
  if you managed to occupy zealand you 'd spent the whole time complaining about the natives ' language , customs , faces , etc. 
   * annihilating * peacock term . 
  because throwing coins down strippers ' thongs is kinda crass . 
  who cares about future generations having to survive on a planet riddled with the outcome of climate change when present generations can still make money at its expense ? 
  did you just assume vilaine 's gender ? 
  and san marino trying to hide between pixels . 
  no , just empty promises . 
  ireland , cyprus , and malta . 
  see how the seats of their chambers are placed with one desk-island area in the middle and the rest of the seats across from one another . 
  cyprus and malta were n't just military bases , they were full-on british crown colonies before achieving independence . 
  big parts of both countries ' political and judicial systems are similar to the british ones . 
  gay marriage when ? 
  ^ ^ * laughs * ^ ^ * hysterically *, 
  is the frozen part of the river in europe or asia ? 
  it 's also easy to figure out which countries used to be part of the uk by seeing how their parliament/senate seats are placed . 
  austria needs more statues . 
  it 's easy to do , though . 
  we need more americans complimenting those rude , snobbish , surrendering , hairy armpit , beret-wearing , rotten cheese-eating , stinky frogs across the pond . 
  that 's nice , but the negative minority sure is vocal . 
  a large part of american independence is owed to france and the most well-known american monument was gifted to the us by france . 
  i find it odd how the average american 's opinion on france and french people is negative . 
  maybe france , but definitely not greece . 
  we do n't have clock towers like the one in the picture and there 's something off about some of the bigger buildings . 
  i think it 's the windows . 
  ** e.e.s.t.i. 
  ** -  electronic enterprise for safety of technology and internet, 
   it 's too late for the vlachs in greece too late for what ? 
  be re-romanified against their will ? 
   greece has a long history of not recognizing ethnic minorities and you know it * most * european nation states have a long history of not recognizing ethnic minorities . 
  especially the ones where 90 % + of the population have been part of the same ethnic group since the state 's conception . 
   you have this fetish of a uniform greek state . 
  guilty as charged , but we 're not the only ones standing on trial for this accusation . 
  i 'm sure many romanian politicians and citizens alike are jacking off to the idea of a szekely-free romania . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  lastly , i 'll leave you with this quote from the [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aromanians#in_greece ) . 
   * [ ... ] the pan-hellenic union of cultural associations of vlachs in greece , has repeatedly rejected the classification of aromanian as a minority language or the vlachs as a distinct ethnic group separate from the greeks , considering the aromanians as an `` integral part of hellenism '' . 
   for us , aromanians are as romanian as us . 
  for you , maybe . 
  but if you come to greece and call a vlach `` romanian '' , you 'll get your ass whooped by the vlach himself . 
  vlachs have a * long * history in greece . 
  they spent multiple generations in the same region and they fought wars among other greeks to the same benefit and for the same cause . 
  calling them anything other than `` greek '' is an insult to themselves primarily . 
   romanians generally do not know about how greece treats the vlachs you apparently do n't either , lest you would n't say that . 
  vlachs are seen as greeks as much as cretans , thessalians , or pontians . 
  `` greece '' does n't treat greek people in any oppressive way based on which part of greece they come from . 
  come to greece and ask a vlach if they are feeling `` ethnically oppressed '' and they would n't even know what you 're on about . 
   like you did with everyone else except for the turks in thrace . 
  and you only recognise them as minority only because they 're muslims . 
  because of the obsession with religion in greece , everyone of orthodox religion in greece is a greek no matter their ethnic backgrounds . 
  you 're not wrong , though this only applied historically to the greek state . 
  nowadays , we make clearer ethnic distinctions no matter someone 's religion . 
   almost everyone in the balkans recognizes vlachs as an ethnic minority expect you . 
  to be fair , though , you wo n't find any vlachs in greece not considering themselves greek and only greek . 
  that 's a fact whether that comes from severe assimilation or organically evolved over time . 
  if any government decided to recognise the vlachs as an ethnic minority , you 'd get * a lot * of pissed off vlachs protesting against it . 
   i dunno who came up with the `` women like the cut ones better '' argument . 
  it 's an argument you 'll hear often enough in the us ( though most women do n't actually give a fuck if you 're cut or not ) , but it 's pretty much non-existent in europe . 
   that 's like asking germany to stop sending money to greece . 
  first , germany does n't `` send '' money to greece , it * lends * money to greece . 
  secondly , germany and greece are n't part of the same country or under the same government . 
  back to the point , the precedent of the basque country and navarre is alluring to catalonia . 
  if madrid can make special cases out of * some * of spain 's autonomous communities , why should n't catalonia ( or any other community ) have that option as well ? 
  the basque country ranks first in spain in terms of per capita income and it has the lowest unemployment rate ( followed by navarre ) . 
  the control it has on its own taxes is crucial to its success . 
   madrid contributes 3 times more than catalonia despite having a smaller population . 
  madrid also has the lowest tax rates , while catalonia the highest . 
   it 's not still in use , is it ? 
  not since the mid-19th century . 
  i was n't . 
  i legitimately find that awww-worthy . 
  i may be talking out of my ass here , but i 'm pretty positive that if madrid gave catalonia the same financial autonomy ( responsibility for collecting and administering its own taxes ) that the basque country and navarre have , catalan independence would not be such a big issue , even during the crisis . 
   * built next to eachother as a symbol of religious tolerance . 
  * awww ... 
  i do n't think it has much to do with sex . 
  people who do it for traditional/religious purposes do n't do it for sex-related reasons . 
  people who do it to their babies for beautifying reasons are no different than the morons who get their babies ' ears pierced . 
  `` women prefer a circumcised penis , so i 'm gon na have my baby son 's foreskin cut '' is like saying `` men prefer a larger chest , so i 'm gon na get my teenage daughter to get a boobjob '' . 
  it 's sickening , barbaric , and completely pointless from a medical perspective . 
  i agree , but you should tell that to your eu representative ; not me . 
  worst thing this idiotic practice brought is a surge in bigoted , conservative alt-right parties all over europe , because the less disastrous left and right parties that rule are too incompetent/unwilling to deal with this issue in a non-moronic way . 
  if enough people want it , we can certainly discuss it . 
  you 're both right . 
   next we find some african country and pay them to receive them this practice violates eu law . 
  that 's why it 's barely mentioned by eu officials , even though it 's a sensible solution . 
  alternative title : * italy threatens to protect its own borders .
