  so , ethnicity is suddenly relevant in sweden when dealing with people from europe . 
  how so ? 
  is n't that a thing of beauty ? 
  why would they move to a perfectly safe nation , when they can go to the eden of germany/france/uk ? 
  jesus fucking christ , the absurd obtuseness these idiots have . 
  do they want the siege to last indefinitely ? 
  do they want the islamists to have their way ? 
  do they not read up on what happens when the civilians try to flee them ? 
  god forbid somebody to defend our borders !, 
  aleppo has like 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 hospitals and russia has bombed them all twice , you intolerant troll . 
  go back to / r/russia, 
  wow , aleppo must have like 99 % of the world 's hospitals . 
  b-but the washington post/ny times told me that walls do n't work . 
  did n't this guy die some time ago ? 
  except they do n't get the baton treatment and deported for being criminals, 
  i 'm sorry to break it to you , but the right to never be offended does n't exist . 
  it is almost like the blm folk that have a footing in the uk . 
  but hey , since they are christian fundamentalists , the case will be over and done with in an afternoon with all the perpetrators receiving life sentences and the victims appropriate help . 
   from persecution . 
  because they are persecuted in every single nation between syria/iraq/afghanistan / libya/algeria/morocco / tunisia/iran/sudan / nigeria/niger/whatever irrelevant subshaharan nations are left and germany ? 
  rochdale 's only redeeming feature is the incredibly cheap food . 
  i 've never seen so many mosques in one place . 
  why is everyone so obsessed over what politicians are shoving up their assholes instead of what policies they have ? 
  it makes me so happy to live in a place where the news will state that a muslim killed someone because they were drunk driving instead of being part of a death cult that the west bends over to . 
  gee , it is almost as if it were a fabricated controversy, 
  russia is getting them eu vibes . 
  keep it up !, 
  i wonder if angry italians are gon na gun down the remaining charie hebdo people ? 
  i do n't know where are you going with this . 
  soo , switch to the less censored social media like vk ? 
  how dare you corelate gypsy crime and suggest that there should be punishment you literal hitler !, 
  mean tweets are news now . 
  jesus christ , article after article of muslim apologia from uk publications . 
  do they have to fill a quota or something ? 
  you like to jump to conclusions when people joke around , eh ? 
  yea , arming other jihadists will surely help, 
  are you retarded or indoctrinated ? 
  this is how you create racism . 
  was n't he the president of the us in red alert 2 ? 
  damn it , russia is turning into the us . 
  zika virus , boko haram , the islamic attacks in europe , the coup in turkey , its supression , catalonian independence callers , the financial crisis , the migration crisis , breivik , hitler , 9/11 attacks , tax , big pharma , not having a universal power socket , eu being as toothless as the un , the japanese whailing industry , the far-right , antifas , cocaine , polution , subway 's footlong not being a foot long . 
  reported to the police for hate speech and islamophobia . 
  mean words on twitter do n't count . 
  considering how low the bar has fallen , i 'd reckon there are like 4 or 5 real ones . 
  i reckon every nation has their own krystal . 
  awesome !, 
  i always wanted overstretched police to deal with mean words on the internet !, 
  oh boy , those korean catholics are at it again !, 
   returning jihadists fought for the islamic state oh yes , because fighting for the islamic front/boko haram is pardonable . 
  thing is that , they will be martyrs fuelling their `` everyone is against us '' narrative . 
  it would be more productive if they vanished a-la prc and/or nk . 
  no radicalisation . 
  no martyrs . 
  no problems . 
  oh yes , `` the real victims are muslims '' article just came about . 
  odd , how the `` vicious islamophobia '' after muslim terror attacks never materialises . 
  i fear that this is n't related to crime , it is more akin to disarming the regular citizen in order not to oppose the superstate bureaucracy that is the eu . 
  rip in rip law abiding citizen of europe . 
  remember kids , modern sweden ( just like the rest of the western world ) is a women hating patriarchy . 
   most of the wars that we have started in africa be on the lookout for czech provocateurs and bombers . 
  your nation could be next !, 
  yea , i expected muslims throwing them off from buildings to be a far-right hoax , but alas reality wins again . 
  oh yes , so far right that they put a gay as their top editor . 
  oh my poor dear , but the bigger question is will huffpo and/or buzzfeed will report on hys incredible bravery facing incredible amounts of twitter death threats ? 
  but i thought that only algeria , morrocco , uae , chad , etc. 
  had a war ? 
  `` huge album of evul reyciss attacking poor opressed polish people '' is literally nothing more than undocumented twitter posts and 4 old farts holding a sign on a rainy day . 
  it is almost like the islamophobia after muslim terror attacks . 
  they could have used a russian tank instead of a ukrainian one . 
  hatespeak doubleplusungood, 
  would somebody please think of the wymyn !, 
  hatespeech doubleplusungood . 
  lovespeech doubleplusgood proles . 
  brb , gon na kill ur ass . 
  the legal life ruining substance is just as bad as the illegal one . 
  rev up that whataboutism . 
  also tobacco consumers are the most discriminated people in europe at the moment . 
  if this is n't the clearest case of discriminating doctors and engineers , i do n't know what is . 
  hi there fellow redditor . 
  it appears that you made several mistakes in copying the headline . 
  the correct one is : bigotted religious fanatic is ok with ultra-turbo-nazis in parliarment . 
  yea , but go ahead , continue exporting tanks , missiles and aircraft to the biggest cancer in the modern world . 
  doublethinking asshats . 
  i am more concerned with the fact that they have a stubble and are balding . 
  russian ones in fact . 
  protesters have : molotovs , shivs , whatever is lying around , occasional firearm , batons , knives , clubs , diy explosives , readiness to murder if you are in a group policemen have : water cannons , tear gas ( that does n't work anyway , since everyone and their dog has at least 3 3m filter masks & goggles combo ) , batons and `` do n't hit too hard , otherwise you 'll make them angry '' order seems fair , does n't it ? 
  ah , junaed khan , such a wonderfull british name . 
  he must have been a member of al-gebra . 
  for the first time in 10 years we finally got something other than the mi-17 and the infantry formations and you shat all over it . 
  it 's a miracle they are still flying . 
  both the army , air force and the hypothetical navy have been running on fumes since forever . 
  kind of embarresing that we do n't have a functioning fighter core . 
  we already have laws for thought crimes , very appropriately orwellian-ly named hate speech laws . 
  but i guess they do n't apply to brown people . 
  the same way you configure unguided bombs to hit hospitals . 
  geneva does n't apply to irregular forces such as insurgents , rebels , etc. 
  and you think the us , eu and israel ( especially israel ) would ' t notice ? 
  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/08/19/world/middleeast/syrias-chemical-arsenal-fully-destroyed-us-says.html what chemical weapons ? 
  assad surrendered his entire stockpile 3 years ago . 
  i wonder how the chemical attack happened after the us confirmed that assad 's stockpile is entirely destroyed 3 years ago .
