i have n't had something to eat all day today and i 've got around 90 # in my bank account . 
  do i get a free pass for that ? 
  oh no , a traditional family unit !, 
  quick , call the diversity police !, 
  reality maybe ? 
  washington never had anything to do with the caucasus ( that is not georgia ) . 
  maybe they should n't have been from pakistan , morocco , algeria & co. 
  fucking hungarians , you will never get away with shooting up paris !, 
  some hardcore thugs must have used that maxim . 
  the eu reminds me of myself too much . 
  so more uncontrolled masses of people entering europe to suck the delicious welfare state dry ? 
  maybe they should stop being such shitbags and maybe everyone will stop hating them . 
  why would a nation that is disadvantaged in every conceivable way against its opponent launch attacks ? 
  it is as if you almost want the scottish police to come knocking on your door . 
   imagine if correspondents in late 1944 had reported the battle of the bulge , but without explaining that it was a turning point in the second world war . 
  bad , bad , bad , bad journalism . 
  the massive migrant invasion actually opened up a few workplaces . 
  keep it up and we will have 100 % employment in no time !, 
  i wonder if normal people will react the same way if they are misgenered . 
  it is a miracle we still have a military . 
  iirc chinese pig farms feed their pigs one of the strongest , most kidney damagingest , most eyeball dryingest antibiotics out there to make them fatter . 
  edit : combined with the migration waves , we are gon na have a fun time . 
  should have added the disclamer that this only works in a functioning family . 
  how to prevent your kid from joining is in 2 easy steps : 1 . 
  say no from time to time 2 . 
  do n't let your kid be spoiled by following these 2 steps you will never be a parental failiure and your kid ( s ) will grow up to be normal people uninterested in jihad . 
  lets hope that it would n't be as disasterous as the previous one . 
  well , at least he is honest about it . 
  breaking : putin disguised as merkel welcomed all refugees . 
  and anime noises to you too , friend . 
  good . 
  stop watching cartoon porn , get out of your basement and contribute to society . 
  tl ; dw stereotypes about sweden and their immigrants with interviews and whatnot, 
  i like how the eu likes to give flack to russia , iran , syria , former lybia and the us ( that one time when a thug got shot by the police ) , yet are willing to cooperate with the biggest human rights violating dictatorial state . 
  i guess double standards go a long way when you have financial gain . 
  i feel no empathy for them as the actual refugees are already through . 
  western media be like : guys this is totally not an invasion srs , look at then childrens . 
  macedonia is the only nation that let in actual asylum seekers from iraq and syria , oddly enough . 
  talking against the people in power ist verboten !, 
  just like the old times !, 
  germany is the teenage girl who does n't know what she wants . 
  this would n't have happened if muslims did n't invade . 
  i 'm eastern orthodox . 
  why do you hate me so much ? 
  i hope we do n't get any of that around here . 
  the japanese government was very picky on who entered . 
  very picky . 
  imagine if no one watched the borders and thousands of pinarbasis just entered europe . 
  ah na\u00efvety , thy name is germany . 
  or what ? 
  deep concern me to death ? 
  dear mosque , you suck and i 'll get you . 
  sincerely ~ ~ antifa ~ ~ the nazis . 
  `` must go to the refugees '' why are non-citizens entitled to this money ? 
  should n't it be the other way around ? 
  there should be other embargos on the state whose next biggest export is islamic extremism . 
  did they tell the gays to stop being such bigotted islamophobic nazis ? 
  food , water , sanitation , medicine , safety , shelter and such freebies . 
  all across refugee camps , dorms and cruize ships . 
  if they are unhappy with what is provided then they are not refugees and should be loaded on boats and sent back . 
  slippery slope `` fallacy '' . 
  this is your brain on regressive leftism . 
  modern islan throws gays off buildings , treats non-muslim women as whores and is a-ok with pedophillia . 
  i really think that something should be done about that . 
  i hope the brit `` no border '' folk recieve some sweet baton justice . 
  imagine if the people had guns to fight back ... 
  it is the equivalent of lifting your shoulders `` eh , that happens sometimes '' instead of directly adressing it with its real name . 
  kind of like the feminists said `` well , european men rape all the time '' after that cologne business went viral . 
  they 'll be given the finger , unlike the thousands of non-european migrants . 
  unfortunately secularism goes out the window if you do that . 
  completely agree with the transparency . 
  un statstics have 1 in 5 people entering europe being actual refugees . 
  do n't know what kind of death jaws they have in morroco , algeria , egypt , tunesia , jordan , most of sub-saharan africa , albania , iran , pakistan and such . 
  while we are on topic , iraq has more syrian refugees than the entire arab peninsula . 
  why do n't they take some ? 
  brace yourself pearl harbour !, 
  bona fide refugees or `` refugees '' ? 
  i 'm sure as hell it has nothing to do with another certain dogma that forbids pork consumption and covers up their women . 
  nothing at all . 
  the people are better off without large civil projects like dams , water processing plants and such . 
  you ca n't stay indefinitely inside a nation that wants you out . 
  this will only put a strain on your own government . 
  remove dictator , country becomes a hundred thousand square kilometer terrorist boot camp every time . 
  do n't know why they insist on doing that every time.and instead of a autoritarian dictatorship you get a totalitarian theocracy . 
  please tell me when were islamic fundamentalists with a lot of military gear not a threat . 
  oh yes , a three-way civil war where is has a strong footing is a much better alternative . 
  i was in awe when i saw first hand how massive paris ' metro is . 
  how are you gon na fit more ? 
  i must have dreamed that moment where merkel hired ex-stasi operatives to monitor people who disagree with migration . 
  we are living in strange times , where leftists demand censorship , cover up feminist issues , treat people who wrote on facebook `` hey , maybe this whole immigration thing is n't so good '' as potential terrorists and conservative poland comes up with this . 
  bomb the shit out of a stable government . 
  intervene 5 years later . 
  bravo france !, 
  liberal media triggered over conservative imagery . 
  more at 9 . 
  i thought they were too busy monitoring anti-immigration posters on the social medias . 
  europe should solve its own damn problems , i completely agree . 
  too bad most of the eu politicians are remarcably indecisive . 
  the other swedish crime news mentioned nationalities , but this one did n't . 
  how odd , as if there is an adgenda in sweden preventing people from hearing the whole story .
