if arendt is to be believed , stalin 's regime did attain full totalitarianism , but it was rather hastily disassembled after khrushchev came to power . 
  the cult of stalin 's personality was repudiated by khrushchev and there were no antisemitic conspiracy theories ( such as the doctors ' plot ) or major purges after 1952 , which were all crucial components of a totalitarian regime . 
  of course , it depends somewhat on how you view the concept of totalitarianism . 
  i think it 's safe to say that post-stalinistic soviet union was still authoritarian and terrible , if not essentially totalitarian . 
  nazi germany and the prc before deng xiaoping 's reforms . 
   the target of the action , or whatever that means in grammartalk . 
  that 's generally referred to as the sentence 's [ object ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/object_%28grammar%29 ) . 
  it is the same thing with certain dialects of the karelian language . 
  there is no hard break between the karelian and finnish [ isoglosses ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isogloss ) , and many western dialects of the karelian language are mutually intelligible with finnish . 
  i partially agree , although what constitutes a fair share is highly debatable . 
  feminism , at it 's most basic , is the idea that women are people in all the same respects as men . 
  in my experience this is how most feminists see their movement . 
  granted , there are a few crazy types too , but they usually have personal problems or are doing it for shock value . 
   sex organs exist so that we can procreate . 
  there , you made the naturalistic fallacy again . 
  granted , reproductive organs have evolved to facilitate reproduction . 
  that does n't indicate what they should or should n't be used for . 
  to argue so would be fallacious in the aforementioned way . 
  now you gave me synonyms , which all happen to be very different words . 
  can you give it any meaning that is distinct from ` natural ' ( ` useful ' , ` principal ' , ` main ' ) or ` ordinary ' as in the most common ( ` expected ' ) ? 
  define ` normal ' . 
  if someone points out that homosexuality exists in nature , they are refuting the premise of your earlier , fallacious argument , not making a fallacy themselves . 
  you are clearly dodging a question now . 
  before , you stated that homosexuality is unnatural and therefore wrong . 
  what do you think about this claim in light of the links and the quote i posted ? 
  we 'll get to homosexuality being a disorder after that . 
  there is no ` biological viewpoint ' to ethics . 
  there is no particular ` purpose ' to life , and attempts to derive ethics from nature are innately futile . 
  what you made was an [ appeal to nature ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_nature ) , the rhetorical application of a [ naturalistic fallacy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturalistic_fallacy ) . 
   even if we can agree that some things are natural and some are not , what follows from this ? 
  the answer is : nothing . 
  there is no factual reason to suppose that what is natural is good - or at least better - and what is unnatural is bad - or at least worse . 
  from whose viewpoint ? 
  pseudo-darwinian vulgarity ( ie . 
  we must propagate since the species must survive ) does n't count . 
  and , dog breeds are the result of intentional breeding that is aimed towards producing maximum physical variation . 
  comparing them to human variation is a * very * bad analogy . 
  in fact , subspecies or other species-specific groupings do not really exist in the wild because of constant gene flow . 
  natural population always vary dynamically if there are no hard geographical borders . 
  this is obviously the case with humans too . 
  when you hear a biologist talk of ` subspecies ' , they will be referring to a fictional abstraction that helps them in labeling things . 
  just like race . 
  except that with humans , labeling based on fictional categories does n't help anyone . 
  dogs are a * very * bad example since dog breeds are result intentional breeding . 
  natural populations within a species vary dynamically . 
  this is also the case with humans . 
  defined subspecies do n't exist in the wild . 
  they are fictional abstractions that help biologists in labeling things . 
  and labeling based on fictional abstractions is not a good thing when applied to humans . 
  this is basically a nordic thing . 
  although i agree with the statement that race is a meaningless , unscientific concept , many other countries define racism as ` discrimination based on race ' . 
  it 's sad , but it 's true . 
  the usa , for example treats the existence of ` race ' as a simple fact . 
  it 's shocking how racial ideology permeates their society so deeply they do not even see it themselves . 
  you 'd prefer the * ancien r\u00e9gime * , then ? 
   how people live their personal lives is none of the government 's business . 
  it 's a big deal exactly because of this . 
   abnormal behavior yes , because ` abnormal ' ( statistically underrepresented ? 
  nonconformant ? ), 
  is the same thing as * bad * . 
  i think you mean islamists ? 
  they do n't have the organization , the motivation , the chance to political hegemony , the industrial base or the numbers . 
  so no , i do n't think so . 
  those seem like fair points , and i agree with you that everything should be done to combat the threat of extremism . 
  i do think the radicalization of muslim youths is a problem , and a serious one . 
  enabling islamism is probably a huge problem for the islamic world at large . 
  the point i made was that ` muslims ' as an unchanging abstraction is n't sufficient explanation for islamist extremism , as you probably agree . 
   perhaps you 've missed the fact that violent islamism actually exists . 
  i think you 're the one who 's stubbornly refusing to comprehend anything i do n't spell out in front of you . 
  did you read the second paragraph of the last message i just wrote ? 
  yes , i 'm questioning whether violent and organized islamism exists in the extent you and anti-jihadists claim . 
  yes , i 'm comparing eurabia to the elders of zion , since they are both conspiracy theories made possible by the malleability of factual knowledge in a postmodern , information-rich society . 
  no , i 'm not claiming anti-jihadism and anti-semitism are wholly analogous . 
  no , i 'm not claiming violent islamism does n't exist . 
  no , i do n't like you either . 
  behave like a product of the four thousand years of western civilization you are and do n't bring name calling into a civil conversation . 
   * of course . 
  * why did you make such a generalization , then ...  * they did n't do anything in the name of their religion . 
  * ... especially if it so much contradicts this ? 
  the funny thing is , that from a common early 20th century viewpoint , the jews actually * did * . 
  the stab in the back and the conspiracy of the elders of zion were facts in early 20th century europe , just like the violent nature of islam and the eurabia conspiracy are considered to be in some circles today . 
   * i made no analogy at all . 
  * arguably , you made a counter-analogy by negating his . 
  a bad choice of words , perhaps , but my argument stands . 
   * hyper-pc * this is just a common mantra that shows your desire to denounce me as some kind of political * bien pensant * . 
  stick to real arguments , please . 
  just like germany denounces every swastika scribble anywhere ever . 
  right ? 
  the * vast * majority of muslims would never do anything like this . 
  the jews were n't accused of terrorism - they were accused of soiling european blood , of being rich and greedy , of stabbing germany in the back . 
  any anti-semite could produce copious amount of evidence for this , pretty much like every gates of vienna reader can today against muslims . 
  your analogy just does n't hold water . 
  or drunks . 
  or pretty much anybody else , since we have no way of knowing , as you pointed out . 
  yes , i agree that the hungarian hypothesis seems more credible . 
  that does n't outright mean some kind of back formation was impossible - etymology is often * very * complex and seemingly irrational . 
  my original statement was basically just a wild hypothesis . 
  as i said , i 'm not particularly versed in hungarian or romanian linguistics . 
  and i 'm not arguing from a political perspective at all . 
  yes , i 'm aware of that .
