  we 've seen smaller versions of this every now and then . 
  putin has demonstrated he is willing to take the economic hit just to make a point . 
  finland can not afford to lose russia as a trade partner . 
  much of the current wellbeing was built on good trade relationships with soviet union . 
  for annoying stuff , they can start harrassing and arresting finnish citizens living in russia , maybe under suspicion of spying or such . 
  like trade ? 
  diplomatic relationships ? 
  you 'd rather have an openly hostile nuclear power across the border ? 
  also , no . 
  russia is not going to full-on invade and they ca n't wage an ukraine-style hybrid war in finland . 
  finland has good relationship with russia those should n't be abandoned just because our politicians would like to sit at the big table . 
  the system might be pretty good , but i also think its success was somewhat accidental . 
  finland never set out to create a world-class educational system , the goal was equality . 
  the same quality of education for every student . 
  in that sense , it 's a good system . 
  if there are no private schools and the rich send their kids to the same schools as the poor , someone 's going to make sure those shcools do n't suck . 
  but it 's also important to remember that there are n't just two or three easily exportable practices that make the education system . 
  it 's not just the structure of a school day or the legnth of a recess . 
  how do you export the desire to become a teacher despite pretty average salary ? 
   washing machine do we make washing machines ? 
  amateur hour here . 
  want some real cringe ? 
  how about a washed-up finnish singer deciding he 's going to launch an international career in his later years , sing about las vegas and euthanise the english language ? 
  here we go : [ kurre - las vegas ] ( https://youtu.be/zfyi8osfge4 ) . 
  well , do n't worry . 
  our new government will make sure only the poor people will suffer from the shrinking economy . 
  we have more saunas than private cars . 
  why you not come to finland ? 
  we have reindeer , a statue of a runner and [ kouvola ] ( http://www.seuraavanakouvola.fi/wp-content/gallery/loytis/kouvola2_panorama1p.jpg ) . 
  it does n't look too good for [ helsinki ] ( http://emptypipes.org/supp/isochrone_helsinki/ ) . 
  apparently you can not get anywhere north of kajaani in under 24 hours . 
  navalny before yeltsin , kasparov after , right ? 
   navalny good thing putin has n't gone after him . 
  oh , wait ... maybe they have bad reputations because the russian media is controlled by the government ? 
  you do realize that sentence includes two instances of ` may ' ? 
  so it 's not exactly a medical diagnosis . 
  i 'm not saying he was definitely poisoned , but considering the life expectancy of putin 's critics , i would n't rule it out either just because some faceless doctor ( who is n't even directly quoted ) speculated something about antidepressants . 
  as the saying goes : the finnish summer is short , but barely any snow . 
  helsinki is further east than tallinn , riga , prague , warsaw or any of the capitals of former yugoslavian republics . 
  it 's quite clear we are western and they are eastern . 
  on one hand , every economist seems to agree that austerity does n't work . 
  also , finland could borrow money very cheaply . 
  on the other hand , we 've been chiding greece for living on borrowed money , spending more than they can afford . 
  at least we are consistent , whether it leads to a disaster or not . 
  that 's the finnish spirit . 
  when i was 12 , kids had the good sense to drink * kilju * . 
  none of this es bullshit . 
  [ is this you ? 
  ] ( http://static.naamapalmu.com/files/zb/medium/napk9331.jpg ), 
  as an added bonus , the estonian cans are not recycled . 
  and i guess that 's why ther article is about russia going towards fascism , not necessarily being there yet . 
  well , two points : 1 ) the us shows many signs of fascism , be it either their insistence of ` american exceptionalism ' , the erosion of democracy or the ever increasing power of police 2 ) of course we can agree that all labels are relative . 
  so let 's not label anything ? 
  you are welcome guys , we are happy to ship our jobs there . 
  if you look at this definiton of fascism , russia fits basically every bullet point : http://www.rense.com/general37/char.htm, 
   hungary is problematic cause they didn \u00b4 t follow the orders against russia ... and why should they ? 
  i do n't think hungary 's problems are so much related to russia as they are to the authoritative streak of their government . 
  there are questions about freedom of press , independence of the courts and certain aspects of human rights . 
  read more here : http://www.hrw.org/news/2015/02/18/hungary-outstanding-human-rights-concerns, 
  no , hungary is not a big problem . 
  however , eu should strive for democracy and freedom . 
  it does n't seem like hungary is too interested in those concepts . 
  i think everybody sympathises with ukraine and would like to see more co-operation . 
  however , i do n't know if a country that corrupt should be a member of eu . 
  in the [ corruption perception index ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2014/results ) , ukraine is the worst european country , scoring even lower than russia . 
  i think eu should have closer ties with ukraine and encourage its development towards a possible membership . 
  but we already have hungary and whatever is happening there to deal with . 
  why do you need gender pronouns on a driver 's license ? 
  and if they are so concerned , just speak finnish . 
  we call everbody ` it ' anyway . 
  by your logic , finland is twice as lawless as sweden and has double the rapes . 
  i 'm not sure if i buy that . 
  first rule of eurovision : do n't be so serious . 
  a friend of mine lived in the uk and complained that it was bloody cold inside . 
  triple-glazed windows , district heating ... if it drops below 20 c , you are doing something wrong . 
  finno-ugric voting block !, 
  if only komi could send their representatives , we 'd vote for them too . 
  i thought suur-suomi was supposed to sterch all the way to the urals . 
  for most reservists , the letter is some pretty gripping stuff : * `` you are part of the reserve . 
  in a crisis situation , we 'll probably figure out something for you to do . 
  cheers !, 
  french dogs ftw !, 
  finnish operator saunalahti will give you unlimited 4g data , [ starting at 25 $ / month ] ( https://kauppa.saunalahti.fi/#!/matkapuhelinliittymat ) . 
  the speed is restricted , so faster connections cost more . 
  if you only want data and no calls or messages , the price drops to 15 $ . 
  i wonder if they are married . 
  labeling is somewhat problematic . 
  on one hand , it 's good to inform customers and tell them what they are buying . 
  on the other hand , labeling suggests that there is a need to label these products . 
  let 's say you have potatoes that are modified to fight pests : the end product is the same , you just need less pesticides because the plant can produce needed proteins itself . 
  if you do n't label it , it just tastes the same , but is easier to grow and better for the environment . 
  if you do label it , consumers will avoid it because it 's ` unnatural ' . 
  oh , gripens have started to crash again ? 
  perussuomalaiset are a right wing party when it comes to their values . 
  but their economic model is very leftist . 
  i find the ` number of items lacked ' to be quite stupid . 
  the items include a ` family car ' and an ` own room ' . 
  neither one of those have anything to do with potential happiness . 
  you live in a city and do n't need a car , share a room with a sibling or two - why would you be less happy ? 
  also access to computer , mobile phone , internet and tv are quite overlapping these days .
