shut your mouth . 
  we are talking about historical enemies here . 
  for centuries , finns paid taxes to the swedish crown and provided men for the army . 
  that 's not a rivalry . 
  there was [ a revolt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cudgel_war ) once , but it was crushed in something like five minutes . 
  i guess finns used same stuff as germans , a metamphine called * [ pervitin ] ( http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/science/assets_c/2013/05/pervitin-thumb-570x392-123230.jpg ) * was particularly popular . 
  the only nickname i found was * h\u00f6\u00f6kipilleri * , a ` go pill ' more or less . 
  finland has a glorious tradition of amphetamine use all the way from trenches of war . 
  but the goal of speed cameras is not to catch people speeding , rather just lower their speeds . 
  you prevent accidents if people drive slower . 
  if we had cameras every 5km , the traffic would be safer . 
  there 's also been proposals of systems that would measure your average speed ; the time it takes for you to get from one camera to next . 
  the goal is the same : make people obey the speed limits . 
  excuse my ignorance , but are these fellows part of the ukranian army or the ` rebels ' ? 
  i assume ukrainian army because of the trident , but who knows these days . 
  i would assume european developers sell more games than japanese developers . 
  be it gta or angry birds . 
  there 's a perception that finns are heavy drinkers , but at least [ statistically ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xtd2w57.jpg ) , we do n't drink all that much . 
  as a finn , i want to apologize for starting the great patriotic war . 
  we were wrong in having a russian village in the area of your artillery barrage . 
  what is going on ? 
  i ca n't believe finland is one of the slimmest countries in europe . 
  we are some fat bastards over here . 
  interesting list , thank you !, 
  maybe the barbed wire should go through finland , west to east , limiting immigration to lapland . 
  plenty of space there and lots of opportunities for all the reindeer herders from iraq . 
  it 's almost as if food , money , houses , cars , jobs and so forth did n't actually pop out of thin air !, 
  looks beautiful . 
  are russian muslims mainly tatars ? 
  how crazy !, 
  i have n't thrown up since last saturday . 
  well , why would it ? 
  unless they find out that every single manufacturer is deceiving the customers and the authorities , and diesel was actually hitler , i do n't see why people would stop buying diesel cars . 
  yeah , i remember , [ great times ] ( https://icyseas.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/737px-weichsel-wc3bcrm-glaciation.png ) . 
  a bit long winters , but at least no mosquitoes . 
  i 'd buy a card from one of the large operators in europe , such as vodafone or orange . 
  you should be able to use it in multiple countries and the roaming charges are n't that big within eu . 
  i 'm sure i 'm forgetting plenty of stuff , but here are some : - dice ( battlefield , mirror 's edge , star wars : battlefront , frostbite engine ) - avalanche studios ( just cause , mad max ) - overkill ( payday ) - machinegames ( wolfenstein : the new order ) - ghost games ( need for speed ) - dennaton ( hotline miami ) - frictional ( amnesia , soma ) - coffee stain ( goat simulator ) and a shitton of mobile games , such as candy crush . 
  i really do miss these sorts of funny little posts over at r/europe . 
  nowadays it 's all migrant news all the time . 
  i do n't know if any country in europe produces as many video games as sweden . 
  watch an ea press conference and 80 % of people on stage have the silly accent . 
  well , except for germany . 
  but i do n't know if we can count all of the * lawnmower simulator 2016 * 's . 
  but poland does seem to be a rising power in this sense . 
  and gog seems to be fairly popular as well . 
  well , tornio is a bit south from the arctic circle , so not quite . 
  but if the day lasts for three hours and it 's overcast all the time , you can easily go through a december without seeing the sun . 
  just wait for winter to arrive in tornio , a stone 's throw away from the arctic circle . 
  i do wonder : if you decide to ditch your former life and move to another country , how do you not do even the most rudimentary research ? 
  i get that the smugglers tell them tall tales , but i assume these people are not idiots . 
  there 's something very , very wrong about moomins talking american . 
  do polish women visit neighbouring countries for abortions ? 
  as a finn , i 'm insulted by this infographic . 
  we * do not * drink absolut . 
  poles read reddit too much and think finland does n't exist . 
  russians ca n't get enough of his hit single * krokodil rock * . 
  a couple of years ago , besiktas came to helsinki to play hjk . 
  for some reason , there was a guy in the stands draped in a kurdish flag . 
  not surprisingly , a fight erupted . 
  but what was really something , was that someone spotted the fight from the other side of the stadium and decided to join in by running across the pitch , while the game was still on . 
  or at least tried . 
  the police tackled him down quite violently . 
  finland did n't look half bad against france . 
  overtime and all . 
  considering the talent the french have available , one must be quite happy , even with the defeat . 
  this is definitely a classic . 
  i always enjoy the screaming uk the most . 
  they are throwing grenades ? 
  do they think they live in sweden or something ? 
  russia really fell because of the big doping mess . 
  i wonder if kenya is next as it 's apparently a wild west out there : rampart usage and minimal testing . 
  did n't know that italy was the only country in southern europe . 
  tastes like toothpaste . 
  but if you start feeling sick and need to throw up , minttu works very well . 
  the elevator starts right away . 
  then you need a beer or two and you are back in the game . 
  one could , but it does n't necessarily make the argument true . 
  iran could quite quickly become the most powerful nation in the middle east and the us does n't have the usual hooks of military bases , foreign aid or weapon contracts in place . 
  iran is free to do business with europe , russia and china , it has a strong military and a well-educated population . 
  also , a strong and wealthy iran would diminish the power of important us allies , like saudi arabia . 
  this should be good for the stores in lappeenranta and imatra : russians already like to buy that sort of stuff in finland as they feel like the quality is higher , even on products of the same brand . 
  now they can start really hoarding all that sweet fairy . 
  so a long tennis court ? 
  my understanding of the southern dialects is a bit lacking : what are they going to do with the lake ? 
  build a lake-fence too ? 
  pretty common here in finland . 
  and what follows is heated arguments between these `` singing-at-tv fans '' and the supporters of the dometic games . 
  op mentioned inter as a popular team in serbia . 
  how much of it is because of stankovic ? 
  i like how angry dutch people get when someone mentions helmets . 
  like you yourself tell that helmets help in case you hit your head , but are still useless . 
  because only people who do n't know how to cycle are hit by cars . 
   it 's perfectly safe . 
  there are still fatalities . 
  and those usually involve a car . 
  and in those cases , i 'd personally be wearing a helmet . 
  it 's a pretty good wave , but a little too much motion . 
  i guess she 'll master the restrained royal wave when she turns 18 . 
  also , how does she go to high school as an 11-year-old ?
