they have a right to self determination where they come from , so algeria morocco iraq etc the land purchases are n't void but that 's a tiny portion of the land . 
  the jewish state proposal by balfour was the uk giving away land that was n't theirs to give . 
  as for the jews who `` fled '' most did n't `` flee '' they left for messianic ambitions or in the case of iraq , zionist agents agitated a pogrom with the intention of driving the jews to palestine that map you showed me was palestine and transjordan, 
  it 's their land . 
  you came to it . 
  the place where the kurdish people live, 
  it worked for us irishmen, 
  except for the fact that your forefathers built a state on someone else 's land . 
  i 'm irish i know what that is to have someone else take your country . 
  btw , if you do n't give up kurdistan it will all be kurdistan - they 're outbreeding you, 
  they 're like the ira and eta - fighting for freedom, 
  i would support catalan liberation, 
  maybe they should leave kurdistan then, 
  you ca n't crush an ideology, 
  what 's `` zus '' ? 
   everything [ they have n't been offered everything - this is palestine ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/map_of_mandatory_palestine_in_1946_with_major_cities_%28in_english%29.svg ) people said the same about us irish , once they get their state the violence will stop, 
  they have n't been offered piece they 've been offered pieces of their land , imagine if a foreign country came to scotland , colonised it , oppressed indigenous scots and then offered you inverness and kept the rest, 
  if you 're from britain you 're british but if you 're born in gibraltar you 're spanish yes, 
  i did n't know corse had immigrants from the arab world, 
  did n't say i loved the guy but i kind of want to be him, 
  u/tayaravaknin is a crusader against gentiles , do n't mind him he hates everyone who does n't bow to israel, 
  it 's great britain , someone from great britain the island housing england , scotland and wales is british . 
  someone from island called ireland is irish . 
  just because they say they 're british and think of us `` taigs '' as subhuman beasts who should be their slaves does n't make them british just like i could say i 'm cuban it does n't make me cuban . 
  make it a trip to marbella and we have a deal, 
  it 's my island too , they live in ireland - they 're irish and they oppressed the indigenous irish for centuries and treated us like dogs, 
  they are n't british since they do n't live on the island of britain, 
   thats not what i am talking about at all , you have no knowledge of the '' kurdish struggle '' , the kurdish people are people you 've learned about after the syrian civil war , you did n't know about them at all . 
  then you saw a few posts on reddit , and got yourself a biased view of things . 
  i actually knew about it way before . 
  the ira has long contacts with the pkk and as an ira supporter i know of their struggle . 
   and anyway , for your last sentence , many people fought for their country , and lost . 
  so i 'd love it if you do n't depict this war as one of humanitarian reasons against the brutal barbarian turks . 
  that 's what it is though , a right to self determination is universal . 
  i ca n't believe how zionist this place is totally unreflective of real life in europe . 
  israel is an illegitimate terrorist state colonising a population but i 'm sure as an englishman you do n't mind that 's what you lot are all about . 
  britain gave my country up after an armed struggle , and they had to negotiate a settlement in the north that will lead to reunification down the road . 
  kurds will literally be a majority in the turkish state by 2040 , then they can legislate their independence . 
  the ira worked , the pkk will too, 
  i know that they 're are n't all \u00fcber feminist seculars . 
  but regardless of what they are they deserve an independent place of their own . 
  my people fought for our country and we got it , they should too, 
  but they still do n't have their own country, 
  nope , still a shinner , still support physical force republicanism , still oppose the good friday agreement, 
  i went to havana last year and loved it . 
  i want to see iran next . 
  the snp is n't blowing things up . 
  the only brits there are soldiers , the people there are irish protestants who hold onto some idea of britishness that 's been dead for 50 years . 
  it 's ireland . 
  less bigotry and more our country has gone mad, 
  the pkk is a product of the turkish state denying kurds self determination . 
  and before you say that the kurds do n't support the pkk , they voted for hdp which is to the pkk like sinn f\u00e9in is to the ira, 
   ` tis the season to be a miserable cunt tranananana, 
  they 're still repressing kurdish freedom in the southeast . 
  if i was a kurd i would never trust the turkish state just as i as an irishman can never trust the british state to live under because i know anti irish and anti catholic sentiment is just under surface , inside they hate us and want to repress us, 
  italians are n't nearly as catholic as the polish , i know poland itself has a low birthrate but maybe because there 's more money here they have more comfort in popping em out, 
  i despise the orange order , such wretched people . 
  i lived in belfast for college ( from leitrim but went to qub ) and they destroy north belfast every year, 
  i 'm sure it 's beautiful , i 'm a catholic i would love to see nazareth and and jerusalem but i ca n't give my money to them . 
  south africa is amazing too but i would n't have gone there in the 80s . 
  the orange order is in scotland ? 
  national embarassment . 
  first we have no queen we fought to get rid of that . 
  second , this confirms why i voted no and why i 'm proud my constituency ( leitrim-roscommon ) was the one that voted no . 
  i 'm a one stater too . 
  have it be one and each community be autonomous to be hebrew or arabic etc. 
  a take on bookchin 's libertarian municipalism . 
  i 'm pretty anti zionist/very pro palestine and i also thought it was odd to see someone call a pro israel post `` stormfront '', 
  there are plenty of nazis still in germany . 
  now that time has passed since the war if you push the guilt too hard it will backfire . 
  wow that 's interesting , must be the good catholic values . 
  as for romanian , it 's impossible to know if that high rate comes from people of romanian background of gypsies from romania, 
  as someone who comes from a formerly ( and still partially ) occupied nation i ca n't support what they do . 
  however i was talking about albania i was planning on visiting but now no way . 
  boycott divestment sanction like south africa . 
  kurds were abused and denied an identity from the beginning of the modern turkish state . 
  they were n't allowed to speak kurdish in public and they could n't call the self kurds , only `` mountain turks '' . 
  hopefully they 'll be free soon . 
  also they wo n't be an ethnic minority for long , western turkey has european birth rates and kurdistan has birth rates of 4 , 5 so it 's estimated by 2040 kurds will form a majority in turkey . 
  pro zionist screeds are pretty much the opposite of stormfront, 
  kids are rebellious - i grew up being told to hate the ira ... i became a fervent ira/sinn f\u00e9in supporter . 
  you do opposite of what your parents tell you . 
  maybe i 'm not explaining it right but it does n't read like a memoir , it reads like a speech . 
  best example , a play can be well written but it 's hard to read because it 's made to be spoken not read . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a moving book , i am saying that it does n't flow well like a book should . 
  i wonder the birthrates broken down by demographic . 
  i know here in ireland eastern european women have a lot more babies than us to the point where a quarter of babies have a foreign mum ( mostly polish ) . 
  i read it as a youngster , i can see how it 's better listened too because it 's basically a long screed - written like a rant . 
  mein kampf is n't a hard read , it 's just badly written . 
  and i agree if they push an agenda too hard it will go the opposite way . 
  albanians migrated from albania to kosovo , and from kosovo to other areas . 
  just like english people went from england to the ne of america and then settled westward, 
  southern serbia , nw macedonia , and the parts adjacent to kosovo is montenegro in the sandzak, 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 've told you repeatedly that you have given me nothing . 
  your location is of course relevant . 
  if you 're from the baltics , ukraine or poland you have an implicit bias against russia , if you 're from serbia you have a bias for russia . 
  i 'm irish , i have a bias against the uk ( i would like to see it dismantled ) and against the united states . 
  i would like to know if you have an implicit bias , please state your nationality . 
  i 'm not using excuses .
