  i believe tolkien also used it when he named characters like theoden ( him being a professor of anglo-saxon , there 's little doubt , really ) . 
  we never tried to conquer you , we only tried to re-conquer you !, 
  ( and it was a rather half-assed attempt ), 
  if that happens , either after 1 or 2 losses , labour will move more towards the right , or the conservative party splits into a left ( now right ) and right ( now very right ) wing , as it almost already did . 
  of course we are , but who can resist showing off that airplane ;p . though i guess we have better looking airplanes to show off since recently . 
  gb as dorne ? 
  clearly it is the storm lands ... as for casterly rock and the [ lannisters ] ( http://imgur.com/nkzfsti ) ... 
  you did n't know ? 
  the netherlands and denmark used to be one country . 
  until the great throat infection came along in 1020 ad . 
  the northern part of nedermarken found out that the symptoms can be alleviated by stuffing a potato in the throat , whereas the southern part just accepted the disease and its guttural sounding symptoms . 
  since then , we have had trouble communicating and the country split up . 
  i was under the impression that the us national guard contained a lot of ` part-timers ' ( a reserve ) . 
  people who have other jobs , but are called in when there 's an emergency . 
  i believe that some of the groups you mentioned there are not reserve , but are mostly staffed by full-time positions . 
  for example , the royal marechaussee ( which are dutch , btw , not danish ) are mostly staffed by full-time professionals . 
  they also serve as the military police . 
  there 's a different group in the netherlands ( just called ` reservisten ' ) which act as reserve military . 
  i 've been at some ( north ) german parties where they did the same . 
  it was equally boring . 
  yes , but the meaning in dutch is different than what was just described , though . 
  if someting is ` op de voorgrond ' ( = ` on the foreground ' if we use this odd direct translation ) , it means that it is highly visible or a priority . 
  it does not mean ` things you are planning to do ' . 
  prohibition is generally not a very effective policy , and babies are also born outside of marriage ( including in ancient times ) . 
  that 's present day statistics , though . 
  i 'm not sure what they would 've looked like back in the day . 
  i know at least a few greek people ( and balkan people ) who claim they only now have black hair because of centuries of turkish influence . 
  the turks have mongol ` ish origin iirc , and did n't arrive until after classical greek times if i recall correctly . 
  de facto are n't you already being excluded by the eu from the trade talks ? 
  that 's putting it rather simplistically . 
  the eu also wants a good trade deal with the uk . 
  while obviously the uk is less important to the eu than the other way around ( simply due to size reasons ) , many german , dutch , french , etc. 
  companies are trading with the uk and the uncertainty regarding future trade relations are already hurting these businesses . 
  change comes slowly , we ca n't expect individuals of the past , even ones who made important changes for the better , to have all the progressive values that we have today . 
  and the ending is pronounced like a ` t ' instead of a 'd ' , as is common for dutch words ending on a d. 
  quick question , now that you mention it . 
  are the people from niedersachsen and sachsen-anhalt also referred to as saxons , or do you actually call them differently ? 
  dutch nobility usually spoke french . 
  the prussian court , at least , also spoke french for a long time ( i guess roughly up to the defeat of napoleon , when anti-french sentiment was high ) . 
  was this not also the case for other german lands ? 
  you ca n't form frankish empire without the [ core regions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrasia ) present . 
  netherlands , belgium and luxembourg send their regards . 
  money helps , but it does need to be spread reasonably throughout the population and used to help its population ( e.g. 
  by investment in infrastructure , healthcare , education ) . 
  if it was just money , the usa with its high gdp per capita would be in the top 10 as well . 
  last i checked , mountains were n't made from clay . 
  indeed , glad you know this !, 
   charlemagne : france vs. germany the netherlands , belgium and luxembourg could certainly also claim charlemagne/karel de grote . 
  borders between some of the other countries can be seen as well . 
  it may be because either the mapmaker ( or the source the mapmaker was using ) used national geological information , and different countries may still classify differently even if there 's a standard . 
  but the opposite can also be true , as of course the borders of countries were often natural boundaries and that may mean different soils on both sides of the natural boundaries . 
  sorry , case you give me the location of this abomination ? 
  my buddies at * ruimtelijke ordening * would like to know . 
  anything with this level of elevation ca n't be allowed to exist . 
  unless it protects against the water of course . 
  that did n't sound snippy at all ;p , i was just being dry in my response  . 
  i thought you brits would appreciate some dry humour . 
  for the location of luxembourg , please click [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjzuxdhuxig&amp;t=5m7s ) . 
  that 's exactly the part we do n't want you to aim for . 
   hard simply because luxembourg is on both countries borders belgium is n't real confirmed . 
  try to avoid dutch birthdays , unless you 're a fan of ` circle parties ' . 
  he purposely speaks with an english ( ` ish ) accent , whereas most of us speak with a more american influenced accent ( because of greater exposure to american media ) . 
  you 're completely right . 
  i was making a joke of course . 
  though , then again , we have a similar issue with the thalys in the netherlands : it stops at amsterdam , schiphol ( right next to amsterdam ) , and rotterdam . 
  so it does n't go at full speed until it starts heading towards brussels . 
  similarly , i guess with this particular track the vactrain would not be able to go to its theoretical speed either . 
  however , you would need cooperation from denmark and sweden , since the track would likely cover its territory . 
  which means they would negotiate stops there . 
  of course , annoyingly , even if you can get a train to do hamburg-helsinki in 12 minutes , it would still stop at odense , copenhagen , malm\u00f6 , stockholm and turku , waiting 10 minutes inbetween . 
  so that your daily business commute still takes an hour ... 
  america would have needed a tr even if trump had n't come into power . 
  we could also use a tr here in europe , for that matter . 
  but i 'm afraid the nature of politics has changed too much to allow someone like that to rise to power . 
  i doubt you travel much more than others . 
  it 's probably a combination of your population size , loudness , and easily recognizable language . 
  so people notice the german tourists more often than they do other tourists . 
  did someone say patat ? 
   well , that 's not surprising given that those are the bits where i expressly disagreed with you . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
  in your reply you were disagreeing with u/new-atlantis . .  the uk did n't take a back seat . 
  i always have to roll my eyes when these sentiments about the uk come up in this sub - its like you guys keep saying these things without thinking about why you 're saying them . 
  your civil tone does a good job of hiding the snide remark there . 
  in any case , the uk was already extremely sceptical from the get go , before continued integration became a strong force in eu politics . 
  you joined in 1973 and already in 1975 had a referendum regarding continued membership . 
  you also act as if federalism is the only force that matters in eu politics , it really is n't and there are more than enough sceptics of federation . 
   well yeah , who 'll do the divide-and-rule now ? 
  poland , maybe . 
  i think you 've got it the wrong way around . 
  we were supposed to [ divide and rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland ) poland . 
  not for centuries . 
  they were the dominant power after the defeat of napoleon in 1815 . 
  their power was already waning around 1900 when they could hardly beat a few farmers in south africa , and finally was broken as a consequence of wwii . 
   we tried that . 
  it failed . 
  the leadership of the eu is already sown up between france and germany , mostly germany . 
  we were never wanted in that role , and were told for decades to shut up , pay our money in , and stop being a pain . 
  and  i partly agree , but we were never ever going to be anything other than a `` junior partner '' in the eu either . 
  i do n't believe either of these statements . 
  the uk took a backseat because the uk did n't believe in europe .
