unfortunately , most european intelligence agencies are on the nsa bandwagon . 
  almost certainly an artefact from wwii + cold war . 
  the dutch service is actually so small , that they depend strongly on receiving american intelligence , and so they would usually respond positively to any american request , even if it is against direct dutch interests ( but the overall deal obviously still in dutch interests , because we can also use * their * intelligence ) . 
  the same might be true for germany , though there are likely other factors at play as well , since germany can afford a good service . 
  supposedly only the french are independent enough . 
  go france !, 
  you could transport from rotterdam via waterways as well , see [ here ] ( http://www.bureauvoorlichtingbinnenvaart.nl/assets/images/over/bvb_01l.jpg ) . 
  or do you mean something else ? 
  i hope you guys keep your accent , though , even if you lose the language ( which i also hope you do n't lose ) . 
  the welsh accent in english is by faaaar the best accent i have ever heard . 
  it 's absolutely beautiful . 
  much better than the ` flat ' received pronunciation . 
  i 've lived in belgium for a while ( it was very pleasant , thank you ) . 
  i 've had some discussions with belgian friends on this topic . 
  in short : dutch in belgium was standardised at a much later time than dutch in the netherlands , as french was the only official language in belgium for a long time ( ? ) . 
  so you guys still have a lot more regional language , even some of it bleeds into your standard dutch . 
  you 've probably learned to understand each others ` belgian dutch ' , due to tv and such , but we are really only used to one standard dutch , so it takes a while longer for us to adjust . 
  it is true that it is a government institute , but the top minds part certainly not ;p . i 'm very happy with them , and they provide great service , but in the end the are an ` ambtenaren organisatie ' . 
  their purpose is to produce official statistics , but not to think about those statistics too much . 
  hence they do n't attract top minds . 
  the official english translation of cbs is `` statistics netherlands '' . 
  i do n't know why they chose that name , but that 's what it is . 
  not to blame you , though : even among scientists there are lots who get it wrong , even on official publications ... 
  could you rephrase ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying . 
  in either case , editted since two people seemed to disagree . 
  mostly older dutch ( 95 % ) , with also some other influences . 
  it says at the beginning that the reader is [ sebastian sobecki ] ( http://www.rug.nl/staff/s.i.sobecki/cv ) , who is not a native dutch ( though he does live in the netherlands nowadays , he spent a long time in england ) . 
  and the rest of the royal family is german ;p . 
  if that is really a problem , they could just get a new passport . 
  it 's not such a big expense . 
  indeed , air support was promised but not received . 
  besides , the dutch forces were operating under un flag , so if you want to blame that side of the conflict , blame the un in general . 
  considering you helped make that problem ... 
  looks like we found the solution , then . 
  the united kingdom of nedernorge . 
  netherway ? 
  good man , i 'd make that comment myself if it did n't mean i 'd be busy for hours every day to correct people . 
  in the netherlands , most large research universities ( utrecht , amsterdam , groningen , maastricht , etc. ), 
  are quite on par with one another . 
  for technical fields or life sciences it would be delft or wageningen . 
  it really depends on the field in question . 
  however , the royal family usually studies in leiden . 
  i think leiden is also our oldest university , and is where einstein taught for a while , among others . 
  so i guess that could be most prestigious , but really it is anyones guess . 
  do people from luxembourg usually study abroad for higher education ? 
  ( e.g. 
  in belgium , germany or france ), 
  see the [ shanghai rankings ] ( http://www.shanghairanking.com/arwu2015.html ) ( considered one of the best rankings ) . 
  ghent is at 71 , while leuven is at 90 . 
  it was similar in 2014 . 
  edit : i 'd like to quickly note that 71 and 90 are really very close together . 
  so ghent would n't be that much better , and clearly it is dependent on the academic field you 're in . 
  was n't it more or less on even standing with ghent ? 
  difference being that leuven is a bit older . 
  in fact , ghent is ranking higher currently ( but i understand , that is not the same as prestige ) . 
   i could care less what your opinions are . 
  quite clearly , you care a lot , 
  i do n't think american politicians pay much attention to europe , certainly not the gun toting imbecil types who support the death penalty . 
  it 's ridiculous that you call us idiots for opposing something as cruel as the us ` justice ' system . 
  why does n't the us condone the actions of north korea ? 
  maybe it will make them change their system too !, 
  ah , glad to hear they made good use of it , at least , 
  completely agree . 
  though , in a way , the rampjaar ( disaster year ) could also be considered a point of pride . 
  the netherlands were attacked by england , france and munster ( germany ) all at the same time , yet it survived !, 
  and hein got very little of it , if i remember correctly . 
  the states general took almost all of it . 
  the threat is very small , but that is n't the same as statistically insignificant . 
  statistical significance ( or rather , the p-value , which we use to determine significance ) is about how probable findings from a sample are if the null hypothesis about the population from which the sample is drawn is true . 
  no , nowadays its a ` normal ' name , so i do n't think it is actually johannes peter balkenende or so  . 
  jan is itself the informal name . 
  while these days , lots of people are just called ` jan ' ( pronounced ` yan ' in english phonetics ) , originally it was short for johannes , johan , etc. 
  fun fact : the name yankees actually comes from dutch settlers in new york ( new amsterdam ) , since lots of them were called jan-kees . 
  i 'm now curious about hearing a ` soft ' and a ` hard ' d , but i 'm also a bit apprehensive about asking for the d on reddit ... 
  the finnish accent is also quite nice . 
  double ` oo ' is pronounced as ` oa ' ( using english phonetics ) , though . 
  so stroapwaffle . 
  given his response , he clearly does n't want wallonia and realises wallonia ca n't exist by itself . 
  we should just take wallonia , because it gives us a good excuse to retake luxembourg as well . 
  luxembourg makes up for the walloon stuff we 'll have to deal with !, 
  what about godmiljaar ? 
   kabouter wesley seems to like it . 
  the numbers are n't entirely clear , it depends on how you count frisians . 
  people living in frisia ? 
  not all of them are ` ethnically ' frisian , and even among the ones who are , some do n't speak the language very well or at all . 
  and outside frisia there are ` ethnic ' frisians , but no registry of them . 
  if you count by the number of people speaking frisian , then there might be more turks in the netherlands than frisians . 
  nah , i think mentallimit assumed the joke was wwii related . 
  so it went over his head . 
  please share the story . 
  we 'll make our move during the next world cup . 
  you ca n't remove bicycles from play when you 're too busy being weltmeister . 
  when i was a young kid , i thought bosnia was in africa for quite a long time . 
  the reason was that i knew there was war in bosnia , and i thought wars did n't happen in europe ( i still had a lot to learn  ) . 
  i have no clue how the rest of it works , just going off of the news article i read on it . 
  the girls were arrested on charges of fraud ( not for the terrorist part ) . 
   i like the french , prefer continental beer , and i despise tea i 've visited britain many times , and when i order ` tea ' , they do n't even ask me what kind . 
  the kind they do give me is so horrible , it can only be drunk with milk ( which , indeed , the brits do ) . 
  it 's like hating beer after having only tried german beer and not having tried belgian beer !,
