while i do see myself as relatively liberal on immigration , this was a huge concern of mine . 
  i felt frustrated because , no matter how left wing or liberal a person can be , it should never be ignored that a cultural blend will have areas of friction . 
  no matter how small or brief in the event , the impact is huge . 
  it 's all very well saying , `` let them all in , look at how liberal we are !!, 
  '' , variety is not always a positive . 
  though , due to my stance , it holds more positives than negatives . 
  i prefer human compassion , understanding , thoughtfulness , and these things should be actioned as often as possible . 
  jut not without risk assessment . 
  not all refugees are going to commit crimes , and it is equally foolish to assume they are all guilty , as it is to assume they are all innocent . 
  they are people , a mixture of good , bad and pretty much average . 
  do we judge the innocent because of the guilty ? 
  where ever this has been the case , no one has been happy . 
  in regards to the rape , i have yet to read an english copy of the article . 
  nonetheless , while i know rape unfortunately comes in different forms , i have assumed forceful sexual intercourse on this count . 
  my primary concerns are the welfare of the women involved . 
  are they getting treatment ? 
  are they even ok ? 
  are they going to get the support and help they need ? 
  i am happier to know how we would support the victim before we punish the criminal . 
  that 's not to say we should ease up on these people , i want to see justice , but saying `` i told you so '' , `` send them all back '' , `` this country is going to shit '' does nothing to heal wounds , nor does it reverse or improve the reality of what is currently happening . 
  i agree . 
  this is the highest example of a 1st world problem . 
  i hate that i 've memed it , but it 's the easiest way for me to get over this whole piece . 
  i 've read so many articles about how difficult it is to just live in london , let alone live in a # 4m house with a family , taxis , restaurants and whatever else . 
  unbelievable . 
  i want to say , it looks pretentious if forced . 
  but i see it as a personal education tool . 
  passive education , but i like it . 
  i try to read the languages out loud as well . 
  for fun !, 
  this is beautiful . 
  polish gf . 
  i hear it a lot !, 
   i could really go for some tea right now ... google has brought me different results !, 
  i do n't know what to believe !, 
  i feel bad as i 've not been at my computer the whole time , but now i am i can do it back !, 
  i guess you 're right there . 
  that language privilege !, 
  either way , i do n't want to lean on my laurels too much !, 
  sometimes people do n't need a reason to hate on something , they need something to hate . 
  i try not to get in their way . 
  not my cup of tea !, 
  you and me both . 
  german , and latin no less . 
  i could technically know at least 4 languages , one dead , but still good to know !, 
  how i hate my former self !, 
  how do i reach these kids ?!, 
  dass li'er ` uh ` lee fackin ' it ' m8 . 
  * yes . 
  you hit the nail right on the head *, 
  no , we have to use google translate which does n't always translate very well . 
  do n't underestimate your powers !, 
  mobile , innit doe blud . 
  `` the itallics did n't work out and i do n't know why ... '', 
  well that 's poop !, 
  i do n't want to become a sage of advice . 
  do what you think is right . 
  i 'm sure your friends mean well !, 
  you wan na go , son ? 
  `` is there something you appear to have a problem with , sir ? '', 
  i guess that 's kinda cool of you . 
  you do n't want to exclude anyone right ? 
  thanks for typing all of that out twice !, 
  in the rare scenarios i 've been in such a situation , i tend to either acknowledge those who are outside of the conversation or politely explain that i would rather not exclude said person/people . 
  that 's kind hearted of you , though . 
  oooh , talk dirty to me !, 
  at least until i. ... ... ... finnish . 
  i do n't care if you 're a man or woman . 
  german is , as we say in england , `` well fit '' . 
  to me anyway ... why ? 
  seems a shame !, 
  das ist kleine ... cool ... what 's `` cool '' in german ? 
  haha !!, 
  * haha !!, 
  that was awkwardly comforting !, 
  oh , you !, 
  give us a cuddle !, 
  i shall hunt them down . 
  i 'm sorry for betraying you !, 
  please forgive me , and us . 
  i feel i am current representative in this thread . 
  makes no difference to you , huh ? 
  that 's ... not really what that says . 
  right ? 
  i feel that way . 
  i guess we do n't really see how other countries communicate on the ground level so maybe it 's the same for everyone . 
  i do n't often feel european , but i 'd love to !!, 
  i need to visit northern europe !, 
  definitely !, 
  i have seen people , not here , share their opinion of britain as the us of europe and ... well , it hurts . 
  yeah , sure i get that . 
  it wouod look like a 5 year old 's homework !, 
  it makes / r/europe more appealing to me i have to say . 
  i actually love german , and germans !, 
  also , i 'd love to visit sweden !, 
  i enjoy trying to read the languages out loud , though i have little frame of reference . 
  if the poles turned up i 'd be screwed . 
  my gf has tried to teach me to read it and my whole mind fries !, 
  oh no you 're going to hate me . 
  they 're both cheap and cheerful .
