one more reason to hate tankies . 
  source ? 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  no it just means racists wont be able to spin this . 
  got it . 
  i agree, 
  of course he is going to have a higher rating . 
  all other presidents had 4-8 years in office . 
  kennedy only had like 2, 
   became one of their most popular politicians ever . 
  only because he was assassinated . 
  if he would have survived i dont think he would be loved so much . 
  freezepeach : ^ ), 
  favorite meme of 2016 is calling everything socialism, 
  i meant in general . 
  like free trade has pretty much fucked up the us but i can see how it might be different in europe . 
  with your communism and all, 
  what 's wrong with protectionism ? 
  did n't the minister of education just say that they are n't getting rid of pork from the menu in schools ? 
  triggered, 
  not really . 
  communists were censored here in the us for awhile and they are pretty wrong . 
  get a not shit ideology ? 
  why does that matter ? 
  are greece germany and spain funding terrorists ? 
  she was white so you can stop with the low key racism . 
  that is true . 
  but knowing trump he 'll do whatever he wants , he doesnt really have a filter . 
  putin and trump are buds so idk if you guys would like that . 
  no they should n't . 
  they should just stop . 
  they have done enough damage in syria, 
  source ? 
  sounds more like trump, 
  why specify her being white ? 
  race doesnt really matter in that case . 
  unless they murdered her for being white ? 
  but that sounds sorta crazy . 
  woosh, 
  i 'm thinking of going to college for a degree in political memeology, 
  [ here you go . 
  rarest pepe i got . 
  dude i have the exact pepe for this . 
  thing is , is that hernia legit was a nobody . 
  no one had heard of him until he started to do shit . 
  and most people still do n't know who he is . 
  ( maybe now with the debates and shit ) , but yeah . 
  like he legit did grassroots shit . 
  more like pisis, 
  you would be surprised what people do to get a chance at a better life . 
  they sell pretty much everything, 
  to the world brah, 
  it 's not a big deal tbh, 
  liked i feel not good at all on the inside . 
  thank you very much . 
  loving the claims being made with absolutely 0 sources . 
  that definately makes me change my mind, 
   anti science what . 
  the inly candidate you can say that about is donald, 
  thats what im saying . 
  just because he ran under the republican party doesnt make him a conservative . 
  roosevelt was a progressive though right ? 
  belgium shouldnt be a country . 
  lmao says someone who has never read a word of marx, 
  `` asshole who is slowly destroying my country '' is what we call him over here . 
  alcoholism, 
  i mean he isnt wrong . 
  i would be scared if i was lgbt and in those countries , not saying its perfect here either but they deadass kill those people . 
  sadly . 
  i hope the green party can get its act together by 2020 . maybe get rid of the old hippy wing of the party . 
  then i could support them, 
  isnt trump supportive of the lgbt ? 
  he said so at the rnc right ? 
  the entire world economy is stagnating . 
  whats your solution there ? 
  give more power to the capitalist class ? 
  `` new labour '', 
  its not our shitty first past the post system ? 
  or the immense gerrymandering in favor of the democrats and republicans ? 
  or the massive amount of money being poured into our elections by companies ? 
  we dont have a democracy b we have a system that was set up to enrich a specific few . 
  except the democracy 's in europe didnt all fail because of internal reason , external factors probably had more to do with that . 
  also wow we had mild conservatives , a neoliberal , and a social democrat . 
  thats not very large and this was an anomoly , normally we dont get this far left, 
  i never said change wasnt happening just that it wasnt meaningful . 
  in america at least our shitty handout to corporations we call a healthcare system is close to being replaced by a even worse alternative . 
  and its like this with everything since trump got elected . 
  whats the point of trying to change anything when all of the hardwork over 8 years can be overturned in a few months, 
  our system was designed 300 years ago and is outdated . 
  the electoral college is a joke . 
  the overton window in your country is a lot larger than mine . 
  im not saying amerikkka is the worst or whatever , but it definitely kinda sucks, 
  for 1 decision . 
  and its currently being mismanged like hell, 
  my mistakes im from the us so my perspective is different . 
  we tried to pass a shitty conservative form of healthcare and its currently being debated to the point its tearing apart the republican party . 
  if we tried to do an nhs type thing it wouldnt get to the floor for debate . 
  and we dont vote because there isnt anyone who represents my interests over the interests of special interests \u2640 \u2640, 
  except it only serves to keep those in power stay in power . 
  meaningful change cant come from a ballot box,
