  as far as i 'm concerned , the situation in syria and iraq is fubar and the law really comes secondary to who there has the most guns . 
  if more of them are in the hands of sane people than radical islamists , i 'm fine with that . 
  a left wing party that actually makes sense ? 
  i never understood how the left could both be about helping the poor and about bringing in immigrants when the poor are always the first and most negatively affected by large-scale immigration . 
  you guys blow my mind . 
  the worst has already happened and you 're still calling people hysterical for telling you it 's going to happen again . 
  when you say something publicly to the press you become a public figure . 
  when you are a public figure , people will shit on you online . 
  usually for no reason . 
  this is not news . 
  which is why it 's confusing they released it as `` mein kampf '' rather than something like `` commentaries on mein kampf '' . 
  it 's pretty clear this re-release is n't about giving hitler a platform . 
  yeah , we get unchecked migration by non-muslims . 
  they make it more difficult for wage worker citizens to compete in the job market , exacerbating income inequality . 
  that 's pretty much the worst of it . 
  as i 've heard , the challenges presented by your muslim migrants are a bit different though ... 
  public figure abused online ? 
  stop the presses . 
  those annotations must be super interesting . 
  there were two other options . 
  set up an american controlled satellite state . 
  ( america is evul empire coming to dominate the world ! 1 ! 11 !!! ), 
  or install a new dictator . 
  ( america made iraq worse , they want to enslave the world ! 1 !! ), 
  the bush administration opted to try to facilitate an iraqi democracy because it seemed like the most ethical solution and most in line with our values . 
  did n't work though because , in all honesty , iraq probably should n't be a country . 
  those borders were obviously not created by the people who live there . 
  well , it certainly was n't about getting oil unless you mean for the saudis . 
  so what you 're saying is , invading iraq and toppling saddam hussein was the right move . 
  thanks , germanbro !, 
  yeah , after the war started did n't stalinism basically turn into national socialism ? 
  were six million accounts really * banned * ?? 
  if you want to know who gms you , simply find out who you are not allowed to flame in trade chat . 
  that 's conformity in modern europe . 
  the movie , the sound of music . 
  then schwarzenegger , then hitler . 
   how about not refusing care for pre-existing conditions ? 
  is that bad too ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  insurance companies do n't offer deductibles on pre-existing conditions since they would just lose money . 
  usually you would just go to the er and settle the debt later . 
  nobody is refused care . 
  if you developed a chronic condition with no insurance , it would make insurance more difficult to get but there are plans for those situations as well . 
  well it 's not mine . 
  no idea who to attribute it too but it seemed true and relevant . 
  we disagree . 
  it was only 5.3 % who said supporting so it would be more like 3 million and change . 
  well , i mean . 
  they do control territory . 
  just because you do n't consider them a terror organisation in the same way as al qaeda does n't mean you validate them . 
  i think this whole stupid propaganda tactic of trying to make everyone dismiss their legitimacy as a state is going to backfire . 
  isil is a real state with a real location . 
  now let 's destroy them . 
  huh . 
  yeah , i guess that makes sense . 
   because yeah , you have elected leaders that refused money because it 's dirty socialist money . 
  smart ? 
  very very stupid . 
  the federal government has been using categorical grants to bully state legislatures ever since this socialism shit started . 
  standing up to them is very stupid ? 
  was rejecting the tea act and stamp act very stupid ? 
   are you trolling man ? 
  because france has waaay better health care than the us and it costs less ( half as much iirc ) . 
  i never said anything about french healthcare but in my experience , europeans vastly over-estimate the cost of insurance here . 
  pretty much if you make over minimum wage , you are covered under a company insurance plan which usually gives very favorable rates , especially at a big company . 
   a step closer is better than a step further . 
  no it is n't . 
  we have all the burdens with none of the free medicine . 
  nobody won except the insurance giants and the federal government . 
   yeah . 
  we call that individualism . 
  why do you say ` individualism ' like it is a bad thing ? 
  most americans would call themselves individualists even on the left . 
  firstly , obamacare is not a good bill . 
  for as many people who got coverage from it , you 'll see stories of people who lost coverage and had to settle for a worse/more expensive plan . 
  nevermind the fact that the only reason healthcare is so expensive here in the first place is artificial inflation due to federal subsidies from earlier healthcare bills ( medicare and medicaid ) . 
  instead of putting out the fire , obama set fire to everything around the fire so it would be equal . 
  we still have nothing close to socialized medicine . 
   for the most part the us sees europe as socialist and europe sees the us as individualist i think both of these things are true . 
   well what do people vote for ? 
  small government , fewer taxes , state 's rights , less government interference in people 's personal and professional lives . 
   temporarily embarrassed millionaires . 
  this meme needs to die . 
  there are plenty of american conservatives who would not be considered rich or middle class ( farmers , rural small business owners , blue collar workers/tradesman ) who are perfectly happy with the wealth they have . 
  they just want the freedom to spend it as they choose . 
  it 's unfortunate that the republican party has become a front for corporatist interests but that 's not why the majority of republican constituency votes for them . 
  is every white nationalist or anti-immigrant gang neo-nazi ? 
  do you have to actually believe in national socialism ? 
  holy shit !, 
  nordaboo socialists btfo . 
  thank you , based dane . 
  i will use this article to shut down all my annoying lefty facebook friends . 
  european suffering has served to enrich america once again . 
  they can get rid of all the journalists who report it and restrict the fourth estate to only government loyalists who will obey any arbitrary dictum . 
  i like that he 's starting to show his hand . 
  pope francis is such a politician . 
  moreso than any of the previous popes i remember . 
  the nearest human being to god is not meant to change his positions to gain the majority 's approval . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  yeah man .
