[ finnish man ] ( http://www.dejimachan.org/images/spurdo.png ), 
  sweden no, 
  dangerous opinion, 
  that 's just after they started using the term `` terrorist '' . 
  throughout history , muslim terrorists would typically be seen as pirates . 
  you should force us all to wear clover armbands to identify us as 4chan users, 
  now that 's what i call ameriposting . 
  i do n't understand why people act like defeating isis is a distinct goal for anyone who does n't live in iraq or syria as if that would solve the problem . 
  as if there was no such thing as islamic terrorism before 2013 . 
  \\  implying the far right is always the same people . 
  the current far right is mostly ex-liberals and centrists who became disillusioned with multiculturalism . 
  the reason for that is that multiculturalism is fucking stupid . 
  i have no problems at all believing that . 
  antifa seem like social justice warriors except they actually commit literal violence for their crazy ideas . 
  this is what it looks like when the government is worried they 're losing control of their people . 
  i wonder how many actually have siblings in britain . 
  no taxation without representation !, 
  less than 50 % of london is white british so i would be skeptical that it is but regardless , the distribution of these populations are clearly focused in different areas . 
  that 's the important part . 
  one district does not need to be entirely the same color to be segregated . 
  it goes up to 94.8 % . 
  did you look at all the maps ? 
  it literally is segregated though ... 
  otherwise the ethnicities would be evenly distributed . 
  see ? 
  i am just like you commoners . 
  come , let us make the cheers . 
  does n't this trigger the feminist government ? 
   itt you trigger americans, 
  not at all surprising . 
  jpmorgan has had a strongly and openly globalist agenda since it was founded . 
  people died in the trains too . 
  what will happen if while you are deporting them , you ca n't source food to feed them ? 
  it 's not that hard to imagine given the bureaucracy 's failure to understand and respond to reality thus far . 
  what will happen if the migrants start attacking armed guards ? 
  people call the cherokee relocation in america an ethnic cleansing as well . 
  every time you remove a certain people from a certain area , it becomes an ethnic cleansing . 
  historically , that 's just what happens . 
  maybe there are still few enough of them that the state could keep it under control . 
  i hope so . 
  they remind me of americans . 
  we would abuse social systems like that just as much . 
  that 's why conservatives are so against them . 
  unless you actually did run into a rapist , in which case you get raped and pepper sprayed instead of just raped . 
  i 'm sure they 'll expand the definition if this keeps up ... 
  you do realize that 's the same rationale every totalitarian regime has used to deny a voice to the marginalized , right ? 
  this is literally the complete philosophical antithesis of the principle of freedom of speech . 
  but if the government does n't want to do that , saying it could end up inciting violence against the government . 
  everyone with political aims engages in propaganda . 
  i think most of what the european right says is true but some of it is always exaggerated , cherry-picked , or thrown in for dramatic effect since there are many members in these movements with their own agendas . 
  truth is really a utopian ideal at this point . 
  we just choose the narrative we think most conforms to reality . 
  what worries me is that when you try to deport a ton of people who do n't want to leave , historically it has become a forced march . 
  the turks mass-deported the armenians in wwi but history does remembers it with a different word . 
  is n't merkel cracking down on people for posting that stuff online ? 
  it was my understanding the cover-up is not over . 
  simply put , they think european governments are stupid and easy to take advantage of so they do n't respect them . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  that might be the ethos that allows people to rationalize it but the motivation for moving the refugees in is pretty directly a push into globalization . 
  they want to dilute the cultures of these areas such that the people are no longer able self-segregate or organize themselves and all become citizens of the world , bowing to the power structure of the nwo . 
  this century , the great political struggle will be between the globalists and the nationalists . 
  uhh . . 
  i mean , fuck iran !, 
  shia is worst muslim !, 
  that analogy makes no sense . 
  a proper comparison would be if we went back to afghanistan after the war was over and grabbed random people from villages that had hosted al qaeda or taliban members in 2001 and charging them with accessory to the murder of 3000 people . 
  that 's lawyer-speak for `` he was there so he was guilty . '', 
  seriously . 
  being a hospital worker is not a crime no matter who you do it for . 
  we would have killed him during the war but the war is over now . 
  because he personally did nothing wrong . 
  so ... they 're charging an orderly as a war criminal . 
  to me it almost looks like a bunch of state governments confronted with a problem that requires an actual country to solve . 
  like if america had no federal government and a migrant crisis , we probably would have reacted in a similar fashion . 
  the poll was asking normal english people , not english redditors . 
  i 'm sure the responses would have turned out differently otherwise . 
  definitely the iranians . 
  because if it did n't happen , there 's a good chance you would n't know how to speak english now and then how could you come onto reddit to bitch about it ? 
  if you were n't proud of it , you would n't have any incentive to keep it up and would be conquered by someone else . 
  so it 's literally just the bureaucracy ? 
  who is accusing him ? 
  who is prosecuting this ? 
  i do n't know if it says in the article but i did n't see it . 
  knowing sweden , they 'll resolve it by deporting native males until the ratio is back to normal . 
  because the government should n't believe that . 
  holland has been friendly to the kurds in the past and strongly opposes isis along with the rest of the eu . 
  if the government opposes an independent kurdistan , then there 's probably something fucked up going on behind the scenes . 
   their government is free to spotted the non-american . 
  what a disgusting sentiment . 
  the government is not free to do anything . 
  governments owe their existence to their people , not the other way around . 
  why should they ? 
  what they care about is winning iraq for kurds , not the government 's opinion . 
  hahaha . 
  wow , that 's melodramatic . 
  the european union has been mired in controversy since the start . 
  that more people are starting to value their national identity over membership in the eu is not a * return to the medieval * . 
  the eu has been the most reckless push into globalism to happen anywhere in the world and given the sheer amount of anti-eu sentiment to come from many of its member-states most outside europe did not see this situation going anywhere . 
   why not just join the most elite fighting forces in your national military . 
  and if they get rejected ?
