low bar . 
  why are you going on about how it should be ? 
  we are talking about reality . . 
  actually sovereignty in the uk went straight from the crown to parliament , the people were never sovereign . 
  if it is ruled that it is in the purview of parliament then parliament can pass whatever they want and the government can do nothing . 
  the government does n't have power over parliament beyond in theory commanding a majority of votes . 
  ultimately the government does n't get to pick the question no matter what . 
  grandmothers are universal . 
  is it weird i knew my great grandmother as oma ? 
  solar roadways still ca n't be done . 
  i think you missed something . 
  it 's a nation in the same way ireland was , both were unified by england . 
  they chose it . 
  gang violence ? 
  that will make them popular . 
  organise for what ? 
  you missed calling a pub a bar . 
  they get their specific name . 
  neither am i ? 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  that really has nothing to do with what i said , a non binding referendum confers no power . 
  that 's totally how non binding referendums work . 
  ford does very well here , my family have 3 . 
  know how that feels . 
  watergate ? 
  what a cunty attitude , `` gave '' implies you are our master gifting us things . 
  not equal people is the same sovereign state . 
  they could do it with a simple majority of they wanted . 
  that is n't my impression of it at all . 
  it 's very important to crush all opposition . 
  something something stupid yellow card rule , something something ramsey . 
  of course they refuse to guarantee the outcome of talks that have n't started yet , how is this news ? 
  exactly . 
  as you say , it just sounds natural . 
  that 's not what it shows at all . 
  you said because it 's more accepted , but it is n't . 
  not in this country . 
  i did n't butt . 
  i would say you are wrong , singular they predates your country , and is by far the most common usage in the uk , and is considered preferable by oxford lexicographers . 
  it 's also the form the standard caller id in the uk uses . 
  i do n't disagree with him at that point , it 's the final sentence that he loses me . 
  by what authority are you placing gender neutral he above singular they ? 
  how can this be good pr ? 
  `` stay in the european empire or we break you '' . 
  not even pretending it 's about equal cooperating nations at this point . 
  i 'm pro europe but i find this attitude very distasteful . 
  singular they is the accepted form in the uk . 
  yes minister already exists , maybe a reboot ? 
  singular they has been used for centuries , get a grip . 
  `` contagion '' , do n't blame us for your problems . 
  you seem certain . 
  ca n't they call it something else ? 
  you ca n't have a celtic union without the welsh . 
  the english wo n't be split into regions , so the uk can never be federal . 
  that 's basically it yeah . 
  is n't this literally their whole thing ? 
  the pm ca n't call elections anymore . 
  the pm also is n't elected . 
  the prime minister is n't an elected position , they are literally that , the prime minister in parliament , first among equals . 
  the tories will just pick a new one . 
  is it surprising that the poorest and worst educated part of the uk voted leave ? 
  they never did , because they are n't . 
  or english even . 
  i liked it . 
  welsh ai n't foreign son . 
  just as opposed to `` northern ireland '' , obviously . 
  it has been less than 20 years . 
  that 's what cardiff has . 
  we are taught other languages pretty young , we do n't learn them though . 
  i did french from 10 until i was 16 and i would be surprised if more than 10 % of the people in my year could hold even a basic conversation , i know i ca n't . 
  the guy who does n't represent the government ? 
  someone was asked a hypothetical question , gave the only answer you can give `` we will protect our territory if attacked '' . 
  what exactly is wrong here ? 
  at best you can blame the journalist for bringing it up , but journalists do n't represent a nation . 
  this sub has become disgustingly anti-british , the government saying , when asked , `` we will defend our territory if attacked '' is not warmongering . 
  the cromwell that had been dead for 200 years ? 
  there was no intentional attempt to wipe out a people , so it was shitty , but not genocide . 
  probably because it was n't a genocide . 
  a national disgrace caused by a misguided adherence to capitalism for sure , but it was not a deliberate malicious extermination of a people . 
  thanks !, 
  that was pretty interesting . 
  we called the game kit , and the safe zone was kree/cree ( ? ), 
  i have never encountered anyone from anywhere , including nearby schools , who followed that naming system so i have no idea where it originated . 
  also , what is with the germany tendency to say `` how it 's called '' instead of `` what it 's called '' ? 
  i assume it comes from something in the german language as no one else seems to do it . 
  a bit traditional , i like that . 
  these are n't medieval you dipstick . 
  i 'm pretty confident i could get it . 
  a lot of armenians i imagine . 
  it should also enable us to be able to buy less stuff . 
  did you miss the part where we have a dragon ? 
  where do you think her children came from ? 
  i agree , it 's a constant reminder though . 
  then what ? 
  move back ? 
  who is going to make that kind of commitment in those circumstances ? 
  for now . 
  you really do n't see how us not knowing if people living in europe will be able to stay there makes moving to europe more difficult ? 
  are hi serious ? 
  it 's going to .
