right ? 
  sure we were rich but over the backs of pretty much everybody else on the planet . 
  the euro government would n't have absolute power . 
  it would have clearly defined competences , just like the eu has now except more . 
  it would also be more democratic . 
  the government could actually be held accountable for their decisions , unlike the eurogroup who can decide on austerity for greece without needing support for it in a eurozone parliament . 
  i like the idea , although i am not sure a separate parliament would be necessary . 
  would n't it be possible to have the members of european parliament that we 're elected in an eurozone memberstate represent the people of the eurozone . 
  you could also formalize the eurogroup by having the council of the eu also gather in smaller configurations with only the euro members . 
  any legislation for this ` european federation ' would than have to be approved only by the meps from the federation and the government officials from the federation . 
  you could also move some of the competences the eu currently holds to the federation , as a solution to the new deal that the uk wants . 
  by doing that you would basically be creating the full and associative memberships that guy verhofstadt proposed . 
  i really do n't understand serbia . 
  if frysl\u00e2n would declare independence from the netherlands , i would literally give zero shits . 
  [ gouda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gouda ) is a city in the netherlands , probably best known for the cheese that was named after it . 
  it has a medieval city centre , with a 15th century city hall right in the middle of it . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/uk-general-election-2015-labours-historic-bind/ what do you think about this article , do you think it could happen ? 
  no really , it 's not a mistake . 
  the article says that germany insists on a banking union being second the a european ministry of finance or whatever it would be called . 
  meanwhile in the real world , the banking union has been in place since 2014 . 
  that may be so , but that 's no excuse for this article . 
  it 's almost a literal repost of 4 year old news . 
  the publishing date this shitty south african site gives is today whilst the article actually refers to late 2012 as if it 's in the future . 
  it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  this article is from 2012 ??? 
  i hate facebook a little more every day . 
  so you mention that you think the nation state is the best international organizer and that you are opposed to the eu as it is now as well as being opposed to federalisation . 
  if i 'm understanding you right , the main thing you do n't want in europe is political integration ? 
  no central organisations like the parliament and commission ? 
  since you do mention being open towards economic integration . 
  would that look more like a conventional fta where there is an open market but no centralised legislation ? 
  so then how do you see europe 's position in the world ? 
  again , you mention the nation state as the best organizer , but we both now that europe 's nations are very small in terms of population compared to nations like china , u.s.a. and russia . 
  one of the reasons i think political integration is very important is the need for a common foreign policy . 
  something i simply can not see working well without a position akin to minister of foreign affairs ( like the current high representative , but with more powers ) that gets their mandate from a european parliament . 
  so without a common foreign policy how are europeans going to have a say in what goes on on the world stage . 
  i know i made some assumptions and if my comment breaks down half way because of it i 'm sorry , just ignore the rest . 
  what kind of unity do you envision and what about a federal superstate seems unappealing to you ? 
  so that it could n't be hijacked by eurosceptics/populists to reject the the new treaty . 
  i hope this is the first step in some serious reform for the european union . 
  personally i hope treaty change will be on the table now , hopefully a treaty that recognizes the different levels of ambition but also makes democratization a key point and does n't include any significant further integration . 
  i think a treaty change like that might have the support of the peoples of europe and perhaps could serve as a starting point to restore some trust in the european union . 
  so nothing more was said about the german-french plan for a two speed europe ? 
  i kind off agree and not at the same time . 
  i 'm definitely not an opponent of european federalism , but  `` it 's still a europe of nations , of nation states , '' i agree with to some extent . 
  i do n't like the idea of a european nation and do n't like the concept of nation building . 
  government should be made to fit the people , the people should n't be made to fit a style of government . 
  so at least i share that sentiment . 
  but i also doubt that a treaty change that puts more emphasis on nations works well with  she vowed to `` try to guarantee that polish citizens living in britain keep the rights they enjoy now . '' i imagine in an eu that recognizes the important role that nationality still plays in peoples lives would no longer have rules that require memberstates to supply social security to people from other memberstates . 
  instead i image social security would be something that nations organize for themselves regardless of where the people of that nation live . 
  that would remove one of the issues that the british had with eu immigration . 
  i just do n't think people are willing to provide things like social security to people of other nations . 
  as much as i 'd like to have people be willing to do things for each other on the basis of them being fellow human beings , i do n't think we 're there yet . 
  i think that largely has to do with language , i have to admit myself that i find it more difficult to sympathize with people that i ( literally ) can not understand . 
  it 's quite difficult to explain , anyway ramble over . 
  woah , it actually became better after the beginning . 
  what a united states of europe would be depends on the person you ask . 
  if you 're asking whether i think europe should become a federation that largely resembles the united states of america then no way . 
  if you 're asking is a new step in political integration necessary , then i would say yes but only for the eurozone . 
  for example i think the way austerity was forced onto greece was far from optimal from a democratic standpoint . 
  sure the decision was made by elected ministers of finance , but i think a decision like that should be made by a person that can be directly held responsible for it . 
  in other words a eurozone finance minister that way a decision like that can only be made if a majority of the people in the eurozone think it 's necessary . 
  i think the eurozone should have their eu commissioners be replaced by a government that gets its mandate from the meps from eurozone memberstates . 
  the head of the government should be a directly elected president . 
  this president will be the head of that government and the commission , that way the direction the eu moves is determined by its core . 
  in this new system any legislative act specifies whether it applies to the eu as a whole or the eurozone only . 
  in the latter case it needs only a majority among the meps representing eurozone memberstates and only needs a majority in smaller eurozone configurations of the council of the eu . 
  this would create a two speed europe not unlike the idea presented by verhofstadt . 
  why can these people not get it through their fucking skull that this will do nothing to prevent terrorism . 
  terrorists will simply start using homemade messaging apps that use e2ee . 
  the subreddit is mostly a platform for discussion , we do not have an official vision or manifesto . 
  absolutely , my definition of federalism is very formal . 
  i just wanted to refute your claim that federalism is about doing only a few things at the federal level and make the point that it works with both a centralist and a regionalist approach . 
  i think i speak for all of / r/europeanfederalists when i say that we do n't want to force anything . 
  the aim of the sub is to increase healthy discussion about the topic , whilst supplying information to people who wish to also discuss it outside of the sub . 
  so convincing rather than forcing people . 
  & nbsp ;  it would n't work what makes you think that ? 
  you 're right in saying that many european federalists are also centrists , but federalism does n't say anything about the exact relationship between the federal and state governments . 
  all that it really means is that the equality of both is guaranteed in a constitution ( al treaty ) that neither can amend without the other . 
  / r/europeanfederalists welcomes all kinds of federalists including those who think the eu institutions should have less power . 
  edit : changed federalists to european federalists, 
  technically they are obliged to join the euro , but effectively they can postpone it indefinitely . 
  i think this is a year old , the netherlands had presidency from january 2016 . 
  that 's exactly my point though , it should n't be matter what random people * feel * to be best . 
  the german nation has already democratically decided what would be an appropriate punishment in a case like this , so just let the authorities do their work . 
  a [ citizen 's arrest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizen%27s_arrest#germany ) might 've been more appropriate . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/acteuropa/comments/610vrf/french_presidential_elections_what_the_main/dfaw6na/ this was made leading up to the elections . 
  i think it 's direct translation from en marche 's program . 
  perhaps it can help guide the discussion on further details . 
  these threads pop up every month or two and my response remains the same , depends on what you mean by united states of europe . 
  if you mean to model european cooperation after the united states of america then no thank you !, 
  i 'll tell you what i * would * like to see : * a two-speed europe as described here : http://www.politico.eu/article/an-eu-for-full-members-only/ * a european senate where the full members of the union are represented . 
  this senate would replace the function of the council of the eu in matters that regard the full members only . 
  * mixed-member proportional representation for the european parliament . 
  * the commission president to be directly elected . 
  * to have matters concerning only the full members handled by a small cabinet that is part of the commission but that gets its mandate from parliament rather then the member-states . 
  * for this new more democratic union to integrate us further in terms of defence and create a european pillar of nato . 
  [ this ] ( http://basdemeijer.nl/fotos/bdm-20100303-0009-stembiljet.jpg ) is what a dutch ballot looks like . 
  this particular one is for the municipal council of utrecht . 
  but ballots for the `` tweede kamer '' out house of representatives looks similar .
