  greece will be poorer but still richer than some of its creditor countries . 
  which is a bit of a scandal in itself . 
  i doubt that . 
  i 'd imagine their pharmaceuticals come from export nations that manufacture those goods . 
  to the point where the council of europe said that the greferendum met no western standards for a plebiscite . 
  there was n't an irish genocide . 
  unless the potatoes were the ones who had it in for us . 
  three things : i 'm thrilled that we apparently have a land border with iceland - one of my favourite countries . 
  germany is a much shorter flight , which will be convenient for schauble when he visits to count our bank deposits . 
  norway is doing an admirable job of shielding us from the atlantic . 
  sweden is still europe 's penis . 
  and turkey . 
  and hungary . 
  there used to be a game played by the irish travellers at shannon airport during the height of the iraq war : how drunk can you get american servicemen passing through the airport . 
  really ? 
  our industrial development authority ( one of the world 's oldest ) will move heaven and earth for foreign companies . 
  the brits stole all our lamb , y ` see . 
  congrats , both !, 
  unless this is a subtle hungarian plan to dissolve trianon , 
  success ? 
  but it 's also `` we do n't know if you fuckers are even literate . '', 
  that is almost impossible . 
  the guardian does decent summations at the beginning and end of every day 's liveblog . 
  that 's your best bet . 
  the fact that the french have had to help write the greek submission is an indictment of syriza specifically and the greek civil service more generally . 
  i would n't give the greek people a red cent after the carry on of the last few months . 
  our constitution is fundamentally a catholic social document . 
  it 's one of the oldest european constitutions still in effect and it 's showing its age . 
  it 'll make the marriage equality referendum look like the seanad referendum by way of comparison . 
  i would rather that the tide of european social progressivism in the 90s had done away with our domestic abortion legislation . 
  much like with the decriminalisation of homosexuality , it would 've taken the echr to cut through the bullshit and bring down a ruling from on high . 
  it may still . 
  easily half the active electorate . 
  though a vital case was made recently that no woman of childbearing age has ever had the chance to vote for or against abortion liberalisation . 
  oh , it 'll have to be a referendum . 
  but this will be so much more difficult . 
  if it was n't for poland and malta , the echr would 've ruled against ireland 's abortion ban years ago . 
  we 're no longer the outliers that we once were , unfortunately . 
  agreed . 
  liberals need to cool their jets . 
  marriage equality won the day by couching their arguments in terms that the uninvolved majority could agree with . 
  abortion is an incredibly emotive topic and ripe for an inflammatory national `` debate '' that obscures and derails the actual issues . 
  that 's actually our speciality at referendum time . 
  the constitution currently protects the life of the unborn at very close to the same privileges of a citizen . 
  there 've been cases where pregnant women have sought leave to travel to england for an abortion and the unborn child has been given legal representation by the state . 
  not only would we be legalising pregnancy termination but we would be taking away rights that the unborn currently enjoy . 
  religious or not , that 's a thorny subject to overcome . 
  it 's a very emotive subject because it either involves the taking or prevention of life , depending on your perspective . 
  i 'm pro choice but i do n't view abortion as anything other than a critically serious decision . 
  bill clinton 's description of termination was quite apt ; namely that it should be `` safe , legal and rare '' . 
  ah , sure . 
  we love the gays . 
  i was worried this would be the case !, 
  i hope you enjoyed your stay . 
  you first , nige . 
  that 'll shrink when it comes to specifics and when the scaremongering erupts over the course of a referendum campaign . 
  i fully expect a referendum in the lifetime of the next d\u00e1il but i 'm not sure it would pass . 
  renzi is being polite and making polite noises in the absence of anything concrete . 
  the eurozone has to make it to the weekend with greece as a member . 
  renzi is quite good at turning the screws on tsipras when he feels like it , do n't forget . 
  renzi 's reforms are making slow but measurable progress and there appears to be * some * political consensus that change in the way italy governs itself is necessary . 
  borrowing costs have noticeably declined and italy remains ( remarkably sometimes ) a g7 nation with strong export industries . 
  the problem is that greece needed to reform the most and still has n't made notable progress . 
  for christ sake , this is a country where taxation is still basically voluntary . 
  i 've run out of patience and i come from a country that is very sympathetic to greece 's plight . 
  and ireland 's * western * european !, 
  the balts and romanians are right to be livid . 
  delaying the inevitable , it appears . 
  the guardian has reported that the topic of conversation at a full eu summit will be grexit . 
  there 's no other reason to drag non-eurozone leaders to brussels . 
  unless the poles and danes want to lay a punch or two on tsipras or the swedes want to offer him asylum . 
  interesting article and an entertaining study in contrasts but i disagree with the premise that merkel needs tsipras as much as he needs her . 
  i would argue that merkel has always been very lucky with her opponents . 
  tsipras is a leftist caricature and syriza has done nothing so much as unify the eurozone behind merkel 's admittedly fuzzy leadership . 
  if greece exits the eurozone , i sincerely doubt there will be much domestic political backlash . 
  it may even bolster the cdu at the expense of populists like die linke . 
  if merkel was the type to seize the bull by the horns , she would use this crisis as an opportunity to reinforce teutonic monetary discipline across the eurozone and deepen the bloc 's financial interdependence and newfound fiscal conservatism . 
  she 's not . 
  the best that we can hope from merkel is a muddling through and maintenance of close-to status quo . 
  as for tsipras ? 
  avoiding a coup in the next 12 months might count as success . 
  i do n't know if i 'm being hyperbolic or not . 
  $ 300bn worth of vuvuzelas . 
  hey , cyprus . 
  wan na consolidate our loans into one affordable monthly repayment ? 
  guardian is also reporting that such a summit would be held to table grexit . 
  some say that / r/greece should never have been allowed join / r/europe . 
  greek mods colluded with / r/goldmansachs to distort the true nature of their flair . 
  it all depends on / u/angelamerkel and / u/francoishollande . 
  edit : reddit no like c-cedillas . 
  i hope they wo n't end up being expelled from / r/europe . 
  sounds much more effective than private negotiations . 
  maybe he could man a barricade while he 's at it . 
  but the ep is n't party to the bailout talks . 
  does the ep have any role whatsoever in this debacle or is tsipras indulging once more in greece 's # 1 export : grandstanding ? 
  i have the guardian 's exceptional live blog open in work . 
  just read this . 
  how , greece ? 
  * how * ?!? 
  tensions between greece and germany are hardly at an * all time * high .
