  the red referendum ? 
  in ireland , we just expect $ 50s and treat more useful notes as a pleasant surprise . 
  i ca n't remember the last time a $ 10 came out of an atm . 
  and dropping . 
  proper order . 
  kinda sums up negotiations thus far . 
  deus * grex * machina . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-33404881 http://gu.com/p/4ad5y, 
  how many acts can one greek tragedy have ? 
  now that this tantrum is over and done with , it 's time for the grown ups to respond . 
  bring those lovely fat sterlings with you . 
  we 'll meet you at the airport . 
  he should stay in athens . 
  schauble will kill him if he comes to brussels . 
  with his bare hands !, 
  the greek government is ludicrously out of its depth . 
  this is the flailing and splashing of drowning men . 
  tsipras has blustered his way into a cul de sac and the rest of the eu is happy to blockade him in there until his continued premiership becomes untenable . 
  neither he nor anyone else in syriza constitutes a credible interlocutor in future talks . 
  it has become abominably clear - if it was n't already - that the greek electorate made a terrible mistake at the last elections . 
  style undercut substance . 
  i have never in my life seen the like from an eu government . 
  not only can they barely talk the talk , when it comes to walking the walk , they 've fallen off the fucking stage . 
  have they just accepted the terms of an agreement that no longer exists that has n't yet been ratified by referendum ? 
  indeed !, 
  part 2 appears to involve going back in time . 
  of course , there 'll be precedent for that come the weekend when the greek people are asked to accept or reject terms of an agreement that no longer exists . 
  tsipras definitely knows what he is doing . 
  he has the eu right in the palm of his hand . 
  well , time for part 2 of the greek government 's master plan . 
  as usual , an exceptional live blog . 
  no-one does it better than the guardian . 
  i have to * presume * that the greek state guarantees deposits up to a certain amount . 
  i think it 's $ 25,000 in ireland . 
  sort of the same in ireland . 
  the president can refuse to dissolve the d\u00e1il if the government loses its majority ( but has yet to face a motion of no confidence ) . 
  it 's only happened once , though . 
  constructive no confidence motions are very good ideas . 
  there kind of is . 
  a lot of nato arms and ammunition and equipment are standardised for obvious reasons . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  the contributions of irish protestants to the collective genius of irish society has been underplayed for almost a century now . 
  but to claim that wolfe tone 's appeal to catholics , protestants and dissenters equates to support for republicanism from across the spectrum ( as contemporary republicans might try ) is nonsense . 
  true but their roles in irish republicanism are * overplayed * given the long sweep before and - especially - after 1798 . 
  that video is probably the most concise summation of irish constitutional history across the centuries that you 're likely to come across . 
  it 's exceptionally and objectively researched and presented . 
  the most important fact it reinforces is that ireland was partitioned along religious and political lines long before the advent of southern independence and the formal division of the island . 
  because the north remembers and wants its money back . 
  no-one really has time for greece 's diplomatic pettiness of fyrom 's name but this is mental . 
  this is fantastic !, 
  we want derry too , though . 
  i do n't much care about the county but the city would be a neat addition to the republic . 
  and donegal needs an infusion of marginally less crazy people next door . 
  and your country will no longer look like sweden 's balls . 
  please no . 
  we ca n't afford them . 
  they 're all civil servants or call centre workers . 
  there 's no economy up there and their pride and joy is the * titanic * . 
  if india is diversifying away from russian planes , this could be the beginning of a beaaauuuutiifffulll friendship . 
  i love our presidential standard . 
  `` coat of arms of ireland '' on @wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_ireland?wprov=sfti1, 
  the flagship has a helicopter pad but it 's never used . 
  a parallel economy is already going strong . 
  25 % of greece 's gdp exists outside the tax net . 
  enjoying the party ? 
  jesus , this is what happens when we let the germans organise a party . 
  share your fish , we 'll send our beef . 
  * forever *, 
  the exact opposite is the case . 
  i do n't have studies to hand ( because it 's late ) but eu supranationalism has strengthened the peripheries in member states at the expense of the centre . 
  spain and belgium are the two most visible examples but you can see this play out in the uk with regards to scotland in particular and also the republic of ireland , which was an economic appendage prior to 1972 . 
  sell 'em to the south koreans . 
  solid western ally who would put the vessels to good use and who would n't upset the chinese inordinately . 
  the koreans might admittedly be reluctant to buy a ship that they did n't build but * still * . 
  the population of the uae is about twelve people and they 're all oil trillionares . 
  be grand . 
  yeah , it 's fairly regular for nail salons to get torched . 
  if i were the police , i 'd start my inquiries with some beautician business rivals . 
  the old one was a bit 90s alright . 
  i just hope that the new one did n't cost $ 600m to design . 
  if it was n't racism , it would 've been sectarianism . 
  some * provinces * just ca n't stop being cunts . 
  if it 's not the troubles , it 's fuel laundering or flag riots or silly marches orrrr just widespread racism . 
  i have no idea whether they are guilty or innocent but this has long since passed the point of farce , even by italian standards . 
  only those with dual citizenship . 
  citizenship of * a * country is a human right . 
  `` official '' , eh ? 
  the leader of sinn f\u00e9in in ni uses brexit to push the united ireland agenda . 
  i 'm not opposed but this title is burying the lede . 
  i find hausmann paris quite bland and the monumentality is overpowering but it 's still a very elegant city . 
  the old erdogan bait and switch . 
  irish times article from * years * ago , i 'm afraid . 
  dublin has similar population density to la and its footprint ratio is the same ( if dublin had 11 million inhabitants , it would be the same size as la ) . 
  the city is used by the eu as an example to eastern europeans of how not to grow a city . 
  even without high rises , we need to get our heads around successful urban density of the kind that paris and barcelona epitomise . 
  this is the correct submission . 
  it 's the single worst building i 've ever seen . 
  there should be a controlled detonation to bring it down and a citywide public holiday so people can gather to celebrate . 
  this is bad but it 's not hawkins house bad . 
  ah now !,
