  that was n't the entire victorian era !, 
  labour and the sds are indeed the same thing . 
  it 's just that one was in government and the other formed in opposition . 
  now they 're both in opposition ( as will be the greens ) so some coalescing should be expected . 
  and just in time for the 1916 centenary . 
  it 'll be a centre right semi-grand coalition . 
  they 've been an awkward member state since joining alright . 
  most jewish communities in the west are relatively liberal and vote predominately for social democratic parties . 
  can we have wales instead ? 
  we 'd be good together . 
  please no . 
  18th/19th century . 
  the brits had britannia , the americans had columbia and we had hibernia . 
  well , you can be a unionist and quintessentially irish at the same time . 
  carson played hurling at trinity , sure . 
  they 're the same harp . 
  the * brian boru harp * in trinity college to be precise . 
  we have . 
  we sent you dara o'briain . 
  are # 1 and # 2 the north of england and the irish midlands ? 
  ireland is a small country with a reasonably effective domestic intelligence agency ( special branch ) and a broadly homogenous society that most immigrants over the last 20 years have assimilated into . 
  most muslim leaders have very good relations with the police and the state has worked hard to build good relations with the country 's various , relatively small muslim communities . 
  i am really not worried about the threat of islamist domestic terrorism . 
  i was taken aside for extra questions when travelling through heathrow as recently as 2010 . 
  there are still the odd spot checks on young irishmen at uk airports , surprisingly or unsurprisingly . 
  give us back the damned paintings !, 
  you can keep the north . 
  this is a ludicrous idea . 
  where does turkey need to project power ? 
  the black sea , the crowded neighbourhood of the eastern med and on its borders with its awful neighbours . 
  none of that requires an aircraft carrier . 
  galway is the correct answer . 
  half the city 's population are college students . 
  city has a wonderful vibe . 
  cork is grand too . 
  do n't visit limerick . 
  fifth place !, 
  otherwise known as a decisive irish victory . 
  you need n't worry . 
  the moon 's mass is goliath . 
  the moon is the size of asia . 
  private companies are going to have to post actual returns soon enough , though . 
  ferrying stuff to the iss and day tripping tourists to the edge of the atmosphere does n't cut it . 
  part of me hopes that we get all the way to storm rhonda . 
  rhonda , of all names !, 
  the british isles named this storm frank . 
  if you want to know his name !, 
  hundreds of billions . 
  the storm that 's warmed you up is the same storm that drowned the british isles . 
  friend of mine is in reykjavik for new year 's . 
  he timed it right !, 
  it 's raining in ireland as well . 
  it 's been raining here since the start of november . 
  it 's been raining here since the birth of christ . 
  1\u00a01/2 , i think . 
  mir was purpose built . 
  skylab was a bit of a mongrel . 
  it 's the everyone getting their ass in gear part that look unlikely . 
  i really think that space travel will remain underfunded until resources can be extracted and monetised from it . 
  i know that we can make rocket fuel on the moon and that the escape velocity is negligible but would do you reckon an orbiting base would turn out more or less expensive than one on ( or beneath ) the surface ? 
  i think most of us would support a permanent base on the moon . 
  i also think that most of us believe it 'd take longer than the 2030s for this to become a reality . 
  how so ? 
  the u.k. and irish met offices held a joint competition to name about 15 storms . 
  we 're already at number 6 !, 
  i can not believe that orban 's party is still in the epp . 
  i 'm quite surprised !, 
  thailand and turkey are infamous for cracking down on insults to their heads of state but poland is a mature european democracy ( gritting my teeth , given its current government ) . 
  op , we still have hawkins house . 
  let 's not get too big for our britches just yet . 
  it 's an elephant that got into the orchard . 
  are those eu sanctions biting , vlad ? 
  they 're the largest minority south of the border as well . 
  the island 's gene pool thanks you , poland !, 
  go home , russia . 
  you 're drunk . 
  we 're laughing * at * you . 
  that 's an aerial photo of fog . 
  skopje unconfirmed . 
  the angriest about this are demographically the least likely to vote . 
  pretty standard , no ? 
  even without an extradition treaty ( * how * do italy and the vatican not have one ? 
  ) , a crime in one jurisdiction has to be a crime in the other in order to permit arrest . 
  and the russians can just spin this as a reaction to abe 's loosening of restrictions on the japanese self defence force . 
  in fact , that 's probably exactly the reason . 
  politico exists to stir shit . 
  greece is doing the most because it 's on the frontline . 
  until we have union-wide policies and funding , they and the italians ( and to a far lesser extent the spanish ) will have to front the expenses . 
  is it even worth asking whether or not this is constitutional ? 
  plays to the base and exasperates russia . 
  solid politicking . 
  it 's just as well !, 
  can you imagine trying to store sewing materials in one of those plastic roses boxes . 
  thank god for ireland and our heirloom tins . 
  it 's the blue and red of paris hemming in the white of the bourbon monarchy . 
  this is a very straightforward story . 
  the irish aviation authority was n't responsible for enforcing airworthiness standards on this plane . 
  that fell to their russian equivalent or a russian company . 
  given the number of planes worldwide registered with the irish * ei * , the story is about distancing us from the crash . 
  the diaspora is an interesting addition !,
