the eu 's neighbourhood policy is in ribbons . 
  with the exception of morocco and tunisia , every other country it encompasses is falling out of europe 's orbit . 
  i have a feeling that the eu will see more to gain from a north atlantic free trade pact than there is to be lost from turkey . 
  run a few gas lines over your territory and we 'll talk , erdogan . 
  y' know , i really miss the irish banknotes . 
  euro coins are fine ( except the useless 1c and 2c ) but the notes are so drab and the fake architecture is dull as ditchwater . 
  looking forward to the series b , whenever it 's designed !, 
  we have a history of travelling to america to get away from potatoes . 
  let 's send them some ukranians . 
  i 'm on alien blue and at a bar but let me dig it up for you later . 
  the economist wrote last week that turkey 's interpretation of its refugee statutes only obliges them to offer true refugee status to europeans . 
  the syrians in the country are more externally displaced than they are true refugees . 
  we have our share of scumbags and there are parts of town that i 'd recommend avoiding but on the whole it 's a very friendly city and locals are instinctively helpful to visitors . 
  come to dublin !, 
  english speaking , beautifully located between the sea and mountains . 
  good air links , especially to the uk and u.s. 
  friendly locals , cheaper than london , wonderful countryside and rich cultural heritage . 
  bring money , please . 
  * dismisses parliament *, 
  america 's civilian honours are more tightly circumscribed than many equivalents in europe . 
  can confirm , edi-thor is irish . 
  i have no idea who the irish lad is . 
  * `` exhibit a , your honour ... '' *, 
  it 's not difficult to dislike russia , is it ? 
  you 're thinking of msnbc . 
  cnbc is straight financial reporting leavened with madness . 
  it 's like a parliament of unruly teenagers . 
  i want to visit so badly !, 
  direct winter flights are hard to come by , unfortunately . 
  i reckon preventing a massacre on a train is absolutely grounds for a knighthood by any definition of service to the realm/crown . 
  then again , i 'm a citizen of one of europe 's few countries not to bestow any honours on its citizens . 
  imagine if someone had managed to prevent one of the suicide bombings on 7/7 . 
  cows get tipped , not overthrown . 
  source : irish, 
  who here is confident about european power ? 
  the non-us nato partners ran out of bombs over libya and resorted to dropping bricks . 
  we behave like a pacifist planet from star trek . 
  reuters and war is boring had a good podcast episode about the f-35 this month . 
  i get the strong feeling that forcing the need for ctol and stovl from the one jet is asking a lot , even from a cutting edge airframe . 
  it 's like a small paris with friendlier locals . 
  love the place . 
  did n't it lose a dogfight to an fa-18 recently ? 
  i believe the indians put a 3rd generation mig up against one too in a war game and won . 
  the great fall of china . 
  beware * frenchmen * bearing gifts . 
  my guess is that the british do n't want calais back jast right now . 
  the french state is n't capable of embarrassment . 
  that fairly flat area of finland is also a glacial landscape . 
  our sovereign debt ? 
  ah no , the mountains are great to look out without trees getting in the way . 
  now , roscommon ... 
  and train isaf in car bomb disposal . 
  the brits ca n't teach everyone and both armies have developed a certain , umm , set of skills thanks to the troubles . 
  whose cash ? 
  we 're up to 11 % ? 
  and only 1 % behind britain ? 
  i 'm a little surprised . 
  protestants . 
  sure , nato would want to be preparing for war !, 
  it is a military alliance after all . 
  jesus christ , if this is true . 
  * asian * is a strange british code for the subcontinent fyi . 
  in this case , as in almost all cases , it 's referring to britons of pakistani descent . 
  i 've always assumed that they were lost in ireland 's largest lingerie department . 
  raglan road for me as well . 
  indeed . 
  bluegrass is descended from ulster scots folk music . 
  worth pointing out that michael d. was invited to the uk as `` the president of ireland '' by the queen . 
  officialdom has recognised the name of the state . 
  the media is playing catch up . 
  this is one of my favourite stories from modern irish history . 
  everything about it is just so quintessentially irish . 
  the republicanism , the chicanery , a `` gallant ally '' in europe , the new york connection , and the mammy . 
  yes , but those people are idiots . 
  there will always be a polish diaspora in western europe . 
  speaking as an irishman , no country could wish for better newcomers . 
  at the height of our economic boom , 5-10 % of the country was polish . 
  it 's still very high . 
  they 're great people . 
  op-ed pieces are signed by pseudonyms such as bagehot , charlemagne , lexington and banyan . 
  departing writers sometimes get bylines . 
  significant reports also get bylines on occasion as well . 
  source : economist subscription . 
  serbia 's sense of self regard is equivalent to that of russia . 
  it 's population and power , however , never have been . 
  europe remembers the wars and milosevic and kfor . 
  poland is * the * european success story . 
  other countries have blossomed under eu membership and tutelage , my own included , but there has never before been a member state like poland . 
  after germany , france , uk , spain and italy , it is the blocs largest economy . 
  politically , poland is punching above its weight , largely due to warsaw 's strong atlanticism . 
  tusk and sikorski have done so much to embed poland in the heart of the european project . 
  we are lucky to have poland . 
  the irish naval service is flying counsellors in to talk to the crew of the l\u00c9 niamh . 
  ah , the north korean method . 
  or educate together if they 're very lucky . 
  everyone wants into an educate together school . 
  relatively well integrated , possibly closer to the north american experience than that of the rest of western europe . 
  leaders in the muslim community , particularly imams , have excellent relations with the police and have reported suspected extremists in the past . 
  apparently we can never blame electorates for their leaders . 
  he 's a clown .
