  he * was * an utter failure as finance minister . 
  it 's not siberian separatism that russia needs to worry about ; it 's china . 
  siberia 's population is maybe equivalent to that of scotland ( using the most generous definition of siberia 's borders ) and there are 1.3 bn chinese immediately to the south . 
  bagehot 's piece was about an academic debate in britain that has been caught up in the upcoming referendum . 
  he himself comes down on the european side . 
  it 's a good column . 
  it 's an almost certainty that we 'll have a referendum on liberalising abortion within the lifetime of our next parliament ( probably 2016-2021 ) . 
  it is going to be a ghastly campaign . 
  i wish the echr would just rule on this from on high but they have sidestepped the matter for decades . 
  the greens tend to straddle the divide between left and right . 
  most of their weight is on the left but it 's the soft left of the upper middle classes . 
  the european left is in crisis if this circus clown and his `` some assembly required '' party are being held up as the vanguard of new socialism on the continent . 
  labour in the uk appears on the verge of going down the drain as well . 
  the snp is ideologically out to lunch . 
  the centre right needs a centre left to keep it honest and vice versa . 
  amateur hour populism has failedz, 
  what is with this guy ? 
  actually , could we interest you in a couple more counties ? 
  cavan is a lovely spot and adjacent to your own property . 
  not * all * of them , like . 
  we 'll take the stem graduates , though . 
  we do n't produce enough of them ourselves . 
  you just need to show your passport at a port of entry . 
  at least , that 's how it works for ireland but * islands are different * . 
  we just got agreement to introduce a credit card-sized passport for the travel to the schengen area , which is just fantastic . 
  russia has a funny way of showing it . 
  what is this , `` abusive boyfriend '' diplomacy ? 
  the canniest thing my government could do right now is introduce legislation to let them work over here . 
  less than an hour from london and we speak english too . 
  ireland inc. is a real thing . 
  the whole country has been geared towards fdi since , jesus , the 50s maybe . 
  i know our industrial development authority is one of the oldest of its kind in the world . 
  intel practically owns a small town outside dublin . 
  we 'll move heaven and earth to aid investors . 
  that it takes years to enforce a contract in greece is baffling . 
  funny you should say that because , as a southerner , the only part i would like back is derry . 
  hey , britain . 
  psst !, 
  you can keep it . 
  dublin is doing well too but the major eu competition is indeed in london , copenhagen and stockholm . 
  angela merkel is far from the worst . 
  if you want to see what an abdication of political leadership on marriage equality looks like , visit italy . 
  * why * was she elected speaker ? 
  i thought she was retiring before the next election , no ? 
  poles are our brothers and sisters after c. 300,000 moved over here . 
  a lot of them are literally our brothers and sisters now !, 
  we won the immigration lottery . 
  a nation of european catholics who like to drink ... how could they possibly assimilate into irish culture ? 
  the iron mutti . 
  d'awww !, 
  just for that , you can keep the north . 
  no , i insist . 
  totally . 
  would the greeks like it if the rest of the eurozone got to vote on this too ? 
  they 're lucky that referendums are unconstitutional in germany . 
  if mosney 's full , we could repurpose the national aquatic centre . 
  that said , our apparent policy of putting asylum seekers in water parks might look a little thoughtless this time around . 
  the arab spring is deemed a complete failure everywhere . 
  with the exception of tunisia , every other country is worse now , not better . 
  morocco and jordan sidestepped the issue almost entirely due to some deft reforms just as grumbling began . 
  no one 's forcing greece to take this money . 
  well , i mean , not * exactly * . 
  critics accusing her of a * coup * are n't the kind of critics that are worth listening to . 
  god , the left is uninspiring these days . 
  sorry , guys . 
  we 'd kick in more but i really do n't think you want us spending money that we do n't have . 
  umm . 
  a second time . 
  send them our way ( again ) , 
  i hate to be * that * / r/europe commenter but the entitlement on display is astounding . 
  if the camps are that dispiriting and the italian state wo n't let you work , fucking leave . 
  sure modern greeks are basically just turks anyway . 
  maybe we could boot them out  edit : getting some quality angry pms for this one !, 
  greece is the only democratic country in europe , do n't forget . 
  they just held the only referendum in human history and tsipras is pericles reborn . 
  i thought the vatican used the swiss guard for that , 
  as opposed to the fucking do what we fucking say eu that emerged in the last fortnight !, 
  i do n't have an opinion about romania ( aside from the awesome untouchables that are kicking ass and taking names in bucharest ) but i really want poland in the eurozone . 
  with the increasing political withdrawal of the uk from the eu , there is an apparent power vacuum at the top . 
  poland is a large european economy with a large population and a political leadership whose star is in the ascent at present . 
  i know that sikorsky divided opinion domestically but the man was in the right place at the right time for a rapprochement with germany . 
  no other country could have demanded german leadership and have it mean quite so much . 
  tusk is n't as beloved in poland as he is respected abroad but he showed some serious mettle over the past week and i 've long admired him as a safe pair of hands . 
  poland is a prime example of a sensible , cautious and relentlessly modernising european country . 
  few others have thrown themselves into the eu project with such enthusiasm . 
  the deeper that integration grows and the stronger poland 's diplomatic and economic muscles become , the better off the eu will be . 
  also , the poles are generally awesome and their eagle will look fantastic on euro coins . 
  edit : i should add , not till you think you 're ready of course . 
  just please do n't pull a czech republic and essentially declare that you 'll * never * be ready . 
  you can probably extrapolate the greek-specific answers for the netherlands , austria , finland and the eastern eurozone members . 
  her duelling reputations as the most liked and disliked politician in the eu . 
  merkel is unquestionably the leader of europe and she will be missed tremendously when she retires . 
  not perfect by any means but i envy germany in their head of government . 
  irish here !, 
  the uk-roi loans were bilateral and will mature in the next 5ish years . 
  ireland and the uk are among each other 's largest export markets . 
  a sinking irish economy would 've been detrimental to british interests so osborne wired us some cash to help plug some holes and keep the ship afloat . 
  despite the fact that it was purely pragmatic , the loan programme was well received by public opinion and has been of the contributing factors - albeit a relatively background one - to the rapidly warming relations between our two countries . 
  we put rockall up as collateral , 
  no we 're not .
