lol , nice spin . 
  your heroes were taken into custody by the swiss police who were doing what they could . 
  both groups were probably misbehaving badly but the fact that you 're trying to act like it 's perfectly normal to drive into a crowd is insane ( attempting murder , attempting manslaughter , causing injury , ... ), 
  because the police in europe is just as partial as the one in turkey ? 
  [ resurgence of turkey 's far-right street movements ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/increasing-tensions-see-resurgence-turkeys-far-right-street-movements-923266627 ) not just in turkey . 
   until they acknowledge that kurds were the ones that massacred armenians `` they were the ones '' seems to imply it was only them , which is untrue . 
  but even the southern kurds ( the parliament of the kurdish autonomous region ) who now are part of iraq and did n't participate in the genocide have acknowledged it . 
  there is no national attempt of burying this as there is in turkey . 
   is this because turkish immigrants in europe tend to be from the southeast they are not though . 
  if that was the case most of them would be kurdish and akp would be much less popular . 
  here in the netherlands most turks are from central anatolia ( konya , sivas , etc. ), 
  and those place also happen to be the turkish areas where akp is the most popular . 
  i 'm not against referenda or consulting the public . 
  on the contrary . 
  i just think we should be aware of people voting out of spite just to annoy the government . 
  they did n't win the elections for nothing and are not always wrong . 
  let 's be real , the treaty with ukraine would n't have changed our lives in the netherlands in any way , but we voted on that for completely irrelevant reasons . 
  i can already imagine what 's going to happen with ttip : `` this will only benefit the corporations . 
  why would i care ? '', 
  without thinking of the bigger picture and actually investing time in understanding it , people will go vote . 
   who cares muslims . 
  who are and will remain a minority and have to put their faith in a majority that does n't care about mosques and will never visit one . 
  the government is also there to sometimes just do what 's best for the country , even when the people do n't realize it . 
  i do n't understand this unquestioned faith in democracy . 
  do you ever talk to fellow voters outside of reddit and realize how uneducated they are ? 
  how the hell are they going to understand ttip . 
  it 's even more difficult than the treaty with ukraine ( which already almost nobody read ) . 
   no religion was banned just strong symbols which do n't mix well with the surrounding architecture . 
  i 'm sure that was the actual reason behind that referendum . 
   people with a university degree had some of the lowest turn out rates . 
  that 's actually significant , as in other elections they usually lead in the turn out numbers . 
  do you have a source so i can share this with some friends ? 
  agreed . 
  the anti-treaty group changed it into an anti-eu referendum and the government changed it into a pro-putin referendum . 
  disgraceful and my motivation to not participate in this nonsense . 
  actual reason :  according to investigations by ndr and wdr , peshmerga fighters sold their weapons after not being paid for several months due to the iraq 's difficult economic situation . 
  governor of kirkuk province , nadshmeddin karim , confirmed the claims , telling the two german broadcasters that the kurdish government is short of funds to regularly pay civil servants - including peshmerga fighters . 
  from what i know , the majority of turks supports receiving syrian refugees and giving them aid . 
  but the majority also opposes them becoming citizens because `` the cultural gap is too big '' . 
  it 's really an awful situation . 
  everybody who follows this knows it is highly unlikely that they will return to syria or that they will reach europe . 
  their future seems to be in turkey but that future is n't hopeful . 
  and note that the syrians living in camps are a minority in turkey . 
  the majority lives in cities and they get less financial aid and most of the children do n't go to school . 
  they all work illegally for ridiculous wages . 
  but despite living in cities they are completely excluded from the rest of society because of language barriers and people not mixing . 
   turkey ratified the 1951 geneva convention on the status of refugees with a provision granting it the option to apply the convention only to persons who have become refugees as a result of events occurring in europe . 
  when turkey acceded to the protocol of 1967 protocol , it expressly maintained this geographical limitation . 
  accordingly , turkey has no international legal obligation under the geneva convention towards refugees who have fled as a result of events occurring outside europe . 
  non-europeans are thus not eligible for refugee status or permanent residency in turkey . 
  for non-european nationals , asylum in turkey is temporary by nature . 
  those who are recognized to be in need of international protection are only given `` permission to seek asylum in another country '' . 
  http://www.refworld.org/pdfid/515010a42.pdf it talks about syrians under 2 . b, 
  true . 
  putting turkey on the safe country list just so you can kick refugees back to turkey from europe would really be a disgrace . 
  you might as well put them in camps here then . 
   my question is , how are the migrants integrating in turkey , a muslim country . 
  they are not . 
  turkey has an exception status in the geneva convention . 
  turkey only recognizes people who have fled from countries which are member of the council of europe as refugees . 
  people from other countries ( like syria , iraq , afghanistan ) ca n't ask for asylum in turkey and do n't have refugee rights . 
  until 2012 they did n't even have official protection , but now there is something like a temporary refugee law ( only for syrians ) . 
  syrians can get access to some basic services thanks to this law but that 's it . 
  they ca n't ask for asylum , get work permits or become turkish citizens . 
  meaning there is still no future for them in turkey after years of staying in camps . 
  unhcr and other organizations ( including the eu ) want turkey to cancel this exception status but so far it refuses . 
  for people outside of the camps it 's even worse . 
  the majority of the children there does n't go to school at all and they get less financial help . 
  i do n't see how those events are related to this event . 
  it 's like you 're saying they did this so this dragging of the body is perfectly acceptable . 
  ( nor do i know turkish by the way . ), 
   heavy aetillery is not used in cities . 
  i give you a german source saying it is and you deny it . 
  if pkk killed those civilians and not turkey , then why did davatoglu initially deny it saying `` only pkk members were killed '' ? 
  i did n't know pkk had these kind of weapons . 
   he said that he was `` shocked '' by the damage that the military operation caused , saying it implied an all-out siege of the town . 
  `` there 's nothing that could possibly justify the use of heavy artillery against civilians , '' he said . 
  `` the people here have had to endure terrible things . '', 
  and it is also said that he was a film maker . 
  a lot is being said . 
   and you are using misleading title . 
  again , it 's not my title . 
  i just copy pasted it . 
  it 's confirmed . 
  and as you can see in the article , pm davatoglu already commented on it . 
   `` it is unacceptable to treat any corpse this way , even if it is a dead terrorist '' although there is no proof whatsoever that he was affiliated with pkk . 
  but it 's turkey so why not call a dead person simply a terrorist , like all the other civilians killed in this conflict . 
  it 's a worthless title but i did n't want to editorialize . 
   according to turkish media , the victim was haci lokman birlik , a kurd with family ties to the pro-kurdish hdp party . 
  i can explain to you why i disagree with you but it is entirely irrelevant . 
  the fact is that there is a war and asylum procedures will have to take that fact into consideration . 
  syrians are not getting asylum because of a lack of rights but because their lives are under threat . 
  just because turkey is safe for syrians does n't automatically mean it 's safe for kurds . 
  european asylum law takes religion , ethnicity , sexual preference , and even gender into consideration when that 's relevant . 
  it 's not that kurds can claim citizenship . 
  but through this visa deal they would get a legal way to visit let 's say sweden , and request asylum once they 're there . 
  and if the kurdish region in turkey is unsafe , which it is now and might remain for a long time , then sweden ca n't send them back even after the 90-day maximum stay expires . 
  this does n't mean they will get citizenship , but they can stay in sweden for years and citizenship might follow later ( if you have a rule like `` living in sweden for this amount of years = citizenship '' , or when a political party promises citizenship ) . 
  sweden trying to deport them will probably mean going to court ( and losing because it is actually unsafe ) . 
  [ finally fitting .
