  the refusal to accept the quota system is just common sense , you should know this already after what has happened this year in some countries . 
  central european *, 
  its rather that italy is in stagnation since early 2000 's i guess, 
  european union is not a country so its quite irrelevant . 
  well , shit if russia turkey and china are to make closer alliance we are fucked . 
  easy there ukraine or we will get back lviv, 
  its american what did you expected, 
  no shit sherlock , next step is to grant visa - free regime for turks . 
  it will work perfectly trust me . 
  and president of poland already said that every person who is escaping from war will be granted asylium but not the person whose is simply the economic migrant , we dont want to make the same mistakes like germany or france . 
  i can see much sense in what he said in this interview , and i can bet that most part of the society in poland thinks the same , i can also understand why people in other countries in europe thinks different . 
  lets the game begin, 
  real, 
  really polish politics is now the most important issue in the world or what ? 
  what about turkey there everything is fine ? 
  what about muslim invasion on europe ? , i think this is what should be solved in the first place . 
  if he lived whole life in uk as you have said thus i can assume that he assimilated into the society like other indians in uk and is british citizen , so yes he is . 
  the briton is person whose share the same traditions , faith , ethnicity and history as the rest of the nation . 
  he can be ousted only by third revolution but after that ukraine might really start to desintegrate . 
  1683 never forget, 
  lmao, 
  not left-wing politician = nazi ? 
  it would not happen because po are morons and they think that european union matters more than poland thats why i hope that they will never again return to power . 
  example of solving the problems which were created by own actions, 
  but its clearly said that there wont be any active combat units involved only recon . 
  and training, 
  i think our team was playing their best and considering that we have high chances of qualyfication to 1/8, 
  very good match, 
  implying that nationalism is a bad thing when its not . 
  and btw polack is offensive word . 
  at the same time in france there are huge protests in place since few months back , government used the executive order to bypass the parliament to pass the new law and everything is okay . 
  good job eu . 
  was n't this kind of thing tried in the past ? 
  some time ago i found on the internet the article about sanctions which was inposed on austria in the past when right-wing chancellor was elected . 
  well its nothing unussual , today european union is not the same which it was 10 years ago , they are now trying to make it as european superstate like the usa where particular countries will be something like states in the us, 
  the same is with poland , remember you do not have to accept any of them , the germans invited them to their country so its their problem . 
  yeah 240000 soon they will say it was 1000000, 
  in poland everything is broken so even economic crisis failed . 
  what a great tradition . 
  believe me poland is nowhere near to become an authoritarian state . 
  just use your navy to send them back to libya whats the problem ? 
  his father died, 
  make poland great again, 
  im in poland so im not worry about it but in western countries you can have problems , i remember when kaddafi said that they could occupy europe without even one bullet fired before they killed him , i throght it was conspiracy theory but now i know he simply said what is going to happen, 
  brace yourselves for islamic invasion, 
  like germany , france or spain because of too high debt to gdp level ratio, 
  they are saying that poland dont want to accept any refugees , but somehow some refugee is trying to send poland into space http://www.alzahrani.pl/space, 
  we has not been in the recession since 1992, 
  geographical location and size of the country i think, 
  i dont understand somethig , if government pushed back from that law about corruption so why are they still protesting ? 
  or while shouting allahu akbar, 
  what do you want more ? 
  referendum is the strongest mandate given by the people, 
  and now they even dont have proper military, 
  he seems not happy about it, 
  your government said that your country will be better without european union so now you are on the dark side of force my friend , get used to this . 
  after what the opposition has tried to do the commision has no right to tell us what to do . 
  finally stalin 's gift will not be the tallest building anymore , its sad that we had to wait 28 years since the fall of communism to change that . 
  england is not the issuer of pound sterling ? 
  78 years too late but better now than never . 
  do you really think that after world war 2 russians were so much technologicaly advanced compared to rest of central and southern europe ? 
  sometimes i heard from some people from poland that russians helped us to rebuild and modernize the country after the war . 
  but on the other hand some people from older generation say that after soviets entered eastern poland they were behaving like some things such as toilets was from other dimension , they did n't know how to use it and so on . 
  and when the news are bashing the government its not propaganda but normal opinion . 
  now we have good government for less earning peoples but in the west they are portrayed as populists . 
  it could be war of ideologies or religions, 
  yes ... remember how the first world war started ? 
  what you are asking for is the riots on the streets an d bloodbatch of innocent people , tommorow the contitutional court issue will be gone from the news so the opposition needed new one to talk about , about 2 houres ago there was info that the occupation of sejm which is taking place now is illegal according to law signed by komorowski in 2008 . 
  maybe you dont remember how the euromaidan has started in ukraine but i can see that what is happening now here is exactly the same what has happened there . 
  edit . 
  i see the sarcasm you posted so nevermind . 
  and they are deploying the troops to poland just for fun ? 
  try harder ivan . 
  propaganda alert , these chechens first appeared in the polish news few months ago , the problem is that if government was to let them pass trought the border , there was the danger that this would be new immigration route added to already existing routes in italy and greece . 
  http://wyborcza.pl/1,75398,20738464,czeczeni-na-polsko-bialoruskiej-granicy-ze-sladami-tortur.html and why this news appeared again today ? 
  because the government of poland and slovakia said that they will not allow european comission to force the allocation of refugees on them ? 
  he was polish , but his parents lived on the territory of present day lithuania . 
  yeah maybe we are to nationalistic but in the long run i thing its the idea that will prevail , we even have joint military structure with ukraine and lithuania witch is due to be fully operational sometimes in 2017 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian\u2013polish\u2013ukrainian_brigade, 
  visegrad four for the rescue, 
  typical , when someone have different political views lets call them facist , you are affraid of lepen in france but this is current government who is expanding state of emergency in fear of upcoming elections and that they can lose them in democratic way and in my opinion this is more facist . 
  everything is going according to plan, 
  he is known on wykop.pl, 
  according to some european politicians we have dictatorship now and we are arm to arm with russians, 
  and poland dont forget poland, 
  wow czech republic can into space , im jealous now, 
  well i think op think that the 100th anniversary is this year since for him october revolution = creation of soviet state, 
  according to bodnar who is loyal to previous government, 
  there are some attacks on foreigners in poland like in every other country on earth , also the fear that there can be terror attack in poland and that polish authorities do not want this to happen is racism, 
  they should not have started fucking war in the first place , they could have east prussia but noo they wanted whole world , so your argument is invalid because the partition of germany was their own fault and they can not demand to return prussian territories . 
  does that mean that there wont be dashcam films from russian road rages anymore ? 
  such privilage in our glorious iv reich ?!, 
  you mad mate ? 
  yes it was ok but thanks to kaczynski poland could join esa in 2012 and not in 2020 , futher more in 2012 government has to decide if they want poland to join or to prolong the pecs agreement this `` liberal , pro european '' tusk and finance minister decided not to join because for them it was waste of money , it was the online petition to government signed by few hundred thousand people that got tusk and co. and they signed the agreement and poland joined in 2012 . 
  and it was this facist pis government under that dictator kaczynski that made poland to accept pecs program and raised the amount of money spending on space-related activities back in 2007, 
  its propaganda because they want internal affairs minister to resign and dont have any other ways to do it other than making fake news, 
  yes its german propaganda done by someone who has no idea about poland at all , i hope that repolonisation of media in poland will be done soon, 
  what is your problem again ? 
  the reform wont come in the form which triggered you so much so please stop spread german propaganda about polish internal affairs , keep it to you and do something about refugee crisis in your country in the first place . 
  send them to madagaskar, 
  hungarian prime minister pal teleki said that he 'd blow up hungarian train rails rather than let the germans pass trough hungary to invade poland from south .
