or they just showed that russia has annexed poland . 
  this shit is bigger case than snowden 's revelations . 
  in the near future ther could be real political earthquake in several european countries . 
  france , usa, 
  hold on it will be only possible with the hightest level of anti-terror security in place but come on it is common practice nowadays in europe and usa, 
  if i was ukrainian i would start to cry ... seriously what is going on in ukraine is insane . 
  you may call me russian troll but its very clear to me that ukraine has been since the last revolution the colony of the usa . 
  in the near future there is very high possibility that the citizen of usa will be new prime minister , current authorities like president and prime minister are consulting the most importatnt issues of the country with us ambassador , they have introduced some kind of consorship and for example the movies from russia can not be shown in public television , there is ban for some political parties to attend in the elections ect . 
  its sad . 
  illuminati comfirmed . 
  welcome to the dark side slovakia , please grab some popcorn and prepare for shitstorm from the west . 
  its possible that in near future everything we know about the fall of communism in poland and about the people who get power in that time is not true , many politicians whose are active now can be revealed as agents of sb . 
  its time to grab some popcorn, 
  in usa they in the begining were using the remaining nazi v-2 rockets in the tests of technology . 
  i wish some day poland would have its own capabilities to put own astronauts in space , just look at the example of india , their beurocacy is even bigger than in poland yet they managed to develop their own space technologies and now they sends probes on mars and are participacing in various international space projects . 
  world war 3 is near , who could imagine that to happen in 2013 or 2014 , its time to build my own anti-nuclear shelter . 
  thank you brothers , hungary and poland are true friends no matter what is happening . 
  countries in the western europe should sometimes listen the voice of politicians from the former comunistic countries because after decades of opression there is some common sense in the behaviour of peoples whose in their almost entire life had very little of freedom . 
  after the recent events in germany i think that there is no doubt that orban was competly right about the refugees from the very beginning and in next elections the germans will show merkel that her stance about this mess is literally destroing her own country and the rest of europe . 
  so where is european comission ? 
  why european politicians arent shouting about end of democracy in france ? 
  is angela merkel still sure that mass immigration to europe a good thing ? 
  5 . profit 6 . rebirth of poland 7 . poland is world new superpower, 
  just inpose the sanctions already , its boring when you only talk about it . 
  the german who is insulting poland because current government is literally taking away the country from germanys sphere of influence , how typical . 
  and what the wealth of any country have in common with the accesion to any international organisation ? 
  former communistic countries adopted laws that allowed them join to european union . 
   without international help , poland 's democratic future may truly be in danger . 
  is this the beginning of the process of sending `` ally '' military force without authorisation of polish government to poland . 
  if yes then it would be an invasion . 
  i dont know what this graph is about but its wrong i think . 
  poland since 1992 was never in recession . 
  this is hardly true , in 90 ' and in the first part of 00 ' polish economy was doing much better than now , and its not because eu funds but because of condition of world economy . 
  there are a lot of ukrainians in rzeszow , lublin , przemysl etc. 
  and putin said that it would happen but nobody has listened . 
  and now you can downvote, 
  he can not be charged because he is not polish officer , the authorities can send him back to slovakia where he is from . 
  but this facility was not under jurisdiction of nato and other issue is that one officer was probably a spy . 
  and how do you know that it wo n't happen in the future ? 
  stop watching propaganda on tv and start to think by yourself , pis is in power little more than one month and everyone are loosing their minds like there is going to be civil war or something . 
  please end this already , everyone now knows that taking in the refugees is very bad idea the examples are in germany , france , sweden and uk . 
  even merkel said that it was mistake to take all of imigrants to germany . 
  decisions about economic policy of the country , decisions about foreign policy decisions about refugees decision about constitutional court . 
  yes i am happy when i see that new government finally started to think about poland on the first place . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  he and his party won the elections because we are dissapointed with the previous government when they were doing everything what european unions beurocrats had said them to do even if something was clearly very bad for poland . 
  you dont know what will happen in the future , its hightly possible that germany and russia want to weaken position of poland in the region , they are simply affraid that there could be real alliance between v4 countries , baltic states , romania and bulgaria because it would change geopolitical situation in europe . 
  they already are trying to impact on public opinion in poland , they are saying that now we have dictatorsip , they are treatening us that poland will lose eu funds because we dont want settle the refugees . 
  im affraid that they can oganise the coup like in ukraine in 2013 to overthrovn the government , you will say that its impossible but i think they have aready started to organise the people to such operation the expample can be the estabilishment of democracy defence comitee or in polish komitet obrony demokracji the members of this organisation ore openly saying that germany should on european level effect polish politicans so they would change their behaviour . 
  so in the end i think poland should have nuclear weapons on its soil , what is more i thin that we should develop our own nukies . 
  here we go so now we have together witch our brothers hungarians the dictatorship in our country because we dont want to settle regugees ? 
  come on be serious . 
  such change occured in poland since last elections so now people are starving or something is wrong here ? 
  i approve this because of ghost in the shell . 
  merkel, 
  beautiful butthurt , you can take your money if you want , but i think it is good that they are opposing this deal because poland have very small contribution to climate change globally . 
  you know some measures which was undertaken by him might be controversial but i think in some areas it is simply nessesery to implement . 
  in poland for example almost all country-wide media such as press and private tv stations are foreign owned , i think it is wrong because it might lead to situation when foreign governments can affect on public opinion in the way which is convinient for other countries . 
  what ? 
  i think that orban is the last sane politican in european union futhermore hungarian economy is doing quite well as i see . 
  you should be proud of him and i hope that in near future poland will follow in that metter . 
  you should know that in the reality countries like germany want poland and other countries in central europe to be weak and to do everything what they are saying us to do . 
  so im not suprised that journalists in the west are screaming about `` coup '' in poland , this is signal that this government will be more independent in domestic and foreign policy . 
  everyone should know how to defend his or her self when ojczyzna is calling for duty, 
  the thruth is that our government is not anti-eu but eurosceptcal , they want deeper cooperation but they also want to remain as mutch national power as possible , they are in favor of confederational european union instead of european superstate where the strongest nation has the most power above others . 
  he was not . 
  high five chinese brother . 
  government in poland is seeking to get more cooperation in military field with usa but also is trying to cooperate with china and other countries in the region in economic field witch is good in my point of view . 
  usa is no better, 
  very good , china is to be the future global superpower so its important to have prepared everything now . 
  hurr take refugees , you have not enought refugees durr, 
  you are more than welcome here . 
  for us its not the problem but for you i think it is . 
  well the current party has high approval because more or less they are doing what they said in electoral campaign last year , on the other side is opposition with their non-stop criticism of current government in the situation where the political program is very similar to pis . 
  so when european comission is going to take action when the democracy is in danger in germany ? 
  meawhile in my home town we have only 1 internet provider so they can downgrade the speed whenever they want and at thee same time demand more money , for example teoreticaly i shoul have ~ 5mb/s but when im writing this post i have ~ 512kb/s . 
  i feel like im in 2004 again . 
  the truth is that none of them want to end this war . 
  `` lechia empire : the revenge of space hussars '', 
  its rzeczpospolita time, 
  so what should be done ? 
  should we close all islamists in prisons or on some island ? 
  kill them all ? 
  we can start to spread propaganda about evilness of sharia law but unfortunatly people in western europe wont see the danger , maybe after one generation there could be change in mentality but this will be difficult to accomplish . 
  this is how it should works . 
  well said , yet they are not going to change anything until its too late, 
  what have immigration policy in common witch climate policy ? 
  i can hear little butthurt here . 
  no because there is no connection between development funds which were agreed by every eu state and one sided decision about refugees made by germans and forced on others , but for your pleasure i can tell you that v4 countries agreed to allocate more funds for `` new europeans '' from africa a couple of days ago . 
  no i didnt i just dont want to see what already happened in france or germany . 
  you are lame in geography arent you ? 
  not in central europe fortunatly, 
   transfirmers  hitler wow, 
  euromaidan and what is happening now is the example of what happened to poland and other countries in the region after the fall of communism . 
  we had many industrial plants and enterprises which could compete with western european counerparts after modernisation , we could still produce own passager cars , own computers and electronics , we could earn much more money by now but our corupt politicians decided to sell everything for 1/4 or less of the value . 
  yes , my bad, 
  your welcome europe . 
  poland stronk, 
  slovakia invaded poland along witch germans the same day, 
  locals who dont want to assimilate into the society,
