makes me think i forgot to slash my yesterday 's paintings in a dramatic way this morning . 
  oh it 's the guy from black books !, 
  i love him , he is so fucking funny . 
   everyone here learns english because we all know we need it if we want to communicate with the rest of the planet . 
  no one ever said the opposite . 
   there 's no shame in admitting your language has no place internationally - it has one at home , and that 's where you should leave it . 
  why ? 
  no reason except that you personally do not like people doing bilingual posts for some reason . 
  i certainly like seeing other people speaking their language . 
   but if he wants to show respect to the rest of the planet , he can convey that culture in a way that others might understand what he 's talking about . 
  hence why he translates his comments . 
  if he did not put the english version just under his french language comment i would understand that you got upset but here sincerely i have a hard time discerning the reason why you attack him . 
  he likes to translate his comments , i think it is funny and i would like other people to do it as i am really interested in languages in general . 
  i met / u/dclauzel irl a couple of times and he certainly did not strike me as the overly arrogant nationalistic type . 
  sure everyone uses english as a lingua franca , does not mean we have to forget the diversity ue is based on . 
  `` united in diversity '' is the ue motto , not `` let 's all put our different cultures to the trash and become american clones because english language '' . 
  anyway you are getting your panties in a twist over nothing . 
  we know english is a great common language . 
  i prefer the farmer than see bono 's face . 
  god this guy is annoying . 
  yeah , such a tame , average country ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvtr9gu7rsu, 
  and apparently you are a great poof . 
  360 no scope, 
  at my last work one of our english partners once told me he always was a bit ashamed that everyone would speak english in international meetings with partners from various countries while he was only able to make small bits of sentences in french . 
  i told him we all learned english not for his comfort but because it is what everyone talks today and that he should not feel bad about it . 
  without english i would never have been able to hold meetings with german , italian , spanish , english , swedish people and so on . 
  it would be a pain in the ass . 
  with putin ? 
  the guy who kept dogs with himself during a meeting with merkel knowing merkel was afraid of dogs just for fun ? 
  i would not expect him to respect anyone 's choice or preference . 
  http://foreignpolicy.com/2007/06/14/putin-uses-dog-to-intimidate-merkel/ merkel 's famous quote on this :  `` i understand why he has to do this -- to prove he 's a man , '' merkel said . 
  `` he 's afraid of his own weakness . 
  russia has nothing , no successful politics or economy . 
  all they have is this . '', 
  this guy is all about taking advantage of any weakness in others , i would totally expect him to pressure sarkozy into having a drink with him knowing he will be easily inebriated . 
  knowing sarkozy i actually think pressuring him into having a drink would not be too hard . 
  yeaaaah !, 
  raffarin during the european constitution referendum !, 
  this is legendary stuff how could i forget : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda to be fair raffarin is known for making surreal statements like this but generally it is in french language only . 
  we call that the `` raffarinades '' and they even have a wikipedia page : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/raffarinade , a nice list of them : http://monsu.desiderio.free.fr/curiosites/raffarinades.html, 
  what in the living hell is this shit ? 
  from an american person it is pretty funny . 
  you want us to unearth some w bush gems ? 
  depends who the person is , if it is someone in the street sure . 
  but politicians should be able to have a conversation in english without sounding like a total idiot , not because it is your language or anything but just because it is supposed to be the common language a bit everywhere . 
  not being able to hold a conversation in basic english is often seen as a sign of poor education , which is cringey when it is a politician . 
  come on , that is actually pretty cool . 
  no one , it is generated automatically . 
  the subtitles do not make any sense here . 
  if a fellow head of state offers you a toast as an act of `` friendship '' ( or at least under the pretense of it ) during negociations you just accept it , you wo n't risk offending by refusing it . 
  i am pretty sure putin totally took advantage of this . 
  [ here too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3t9f6vk6rl4 ), 
  ex-president sarkozy is a great source of cringe but one of the worst is probably when he showed his total lack of culture to queen elizabeth : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x4vfi5_it-ize-magnifical_fun godamnit , the queen of england speaks perfect french and this moron ca n't even put three words together in english without making a fool of himself ... also there is the time putin got him drunk at the g8 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvcpwfwexbm a french president should be able to hold his liquor and stay dignified doing so !, 
  you are right but resistance movements were never meant to liberate said countries , they were meant to facilitate the job of the allies ' invading forces , giving intelligence , sabotaging stuff , stealing equipment , forcing the germans to involve troops to hunt them down etc. . . 
  they would not have won without us equipement and british intelligence . 
  that 's what people are hinting at when they say the soviets did not win the war . 
  no one won the war . 
  the allies , in a collective effort , won the war . 
  each and every one of them contributing in an essential way to the war effort . 
  you seem to be under the illusion that manpower is the only thing that ever counts in any given war , it is weird . 
  manpower is important sure and definitly a big asset but you need other things to get victory . 
  funny , `` pidgeons '' are supposed to be gullible in france . 
   i think the french people on here should ask themselves if their `` non '' was really respected or not . 
  we do n't have to , it has been adopted a few years later under a different name so we know it was not . 
  this is a very simplistic view . 
  you cite the french army for example . 
  under napoleon one of the top marshalls of the empire was a son of innkeepers , napoleon also had a black general that was son of slaves and the examples of high officials being promoted on merit over bloodline are legion . 
  this did not exist at all during the monarchy . 
  during the monarchy you had to be noble to be an officer and you had to buy your rank . 
  that was all . 
  you could be a perfectly incompetent halfwit , if you had the title and could pay you could become a captain and lead men in combat . 
  sure napoleon made himself emperor and had quite an ego but he still changed a lot of things in society and these changes were basically only improvements . 
  i know he is seen as basically hitler abroad but in france we do remember that without him the revolution would have degenerated into anarchy and chaos . 
  when he took power france was attacked on all sides , the taxes we not collected , most of the administration was corrupt and inneficient and france was on the verge of civil war . 
  within a couple of years he basically fixed every single one of these problems while managing to defend france against half of europe . 
  he may have been an emperor but he stood up for the original values of the revolution much better than most dirigeants before him . 
  also it 's really tasty . 
  it will never be accepted . 
  it is a bit as if you banned turkey in thanksgiving dinners or something like that . 
  barbaric as it is , it is a key element of our culture and contrary to japanese whaling for example it does not concern any endangered species so for better or for worse i think it is going to stay . 
  only at the mep canteen . 
  it will never be banned in france . 
  not in 1000 years . 
  i do n't have any idea who this is but i am not really following sports to be honest . 
  yeah i guess buttery stuff is bad for you but i do n't really see how it is any worse than sausage and beans ( do n't misunderstand me , i love british breakfast too ) . 
  yes we do , i do n't understand what the joke is supposed to be ? 
  taste a real croissant some day . 
  not the shitty dry as fuck carboard thing you guys call croissant , the delicious buttery thing we call croissant . 
  good day to you mate !, 
  edit : just to specify i do n't have much against specific surveillance of individuals that may be up to something if it has been vetted by magistrates . 
  i am just very wary of the concept of mass surveillance , especially since it has been proven to be ineffective at best and counter-productive at worst in the fight against terrorism and big criminality . 
  i think we are talking about different things . 
  you speak in general terms and i speak specifically about the law recently passed in france . 
  i am not being emotional . 
  i informed myself which is not the case of 90 % of people who just watch tv news and call it a day . 
  most people in france know vaguely about this law but do n't know much about it past that , including once again that the most prominent french antiterrorist judge spoke out about it ( among many others ) . 
  this guy called marc trevidic said :  `` these exorbitant powers will not have any judicial control . 
  let 's not lie to the french by pretending it is an antiterrorist law . 
  it opens the way to the banalisation of intrusive methods , outside of control of any control from the judges which are supposed to be protecting the personal freedoms in our country . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/projet-de-loi-sur-le-renseignement-les-reserves-du-juge-antiterroriste-marc-trevidic_1662838.html ) this is coming from one of france 's top antiterrorist judges and he is not alone to say it .
