  others say the same thing : amnesty international , reporters without border , the human rights league , lawyers and magistrate unions etc. . . full list at the bottom of [ this page ] ( https://sous-surveillance.fr/#/ ) . 
  calling short-sighted someone who is short-sighted because they make short-sighted remarks without being properly informed is not arrogant , it 's calling a cat a cat . 
  now i know you were not talking about this particular law and meant more in general but sincerely i do n't think democracy and our freedoms are something written in marble , we could very well lose them and when we do it wo n't be because of a coup mussolini-style , it will be gradually through proper legislative process . 
  once again i am strictly talking about the law that recently passed in france and that authorizes without any control the mass surveillance ( so not just criminals ) of internet communications through `` black boxes '' installed at the isps . 
  this also concerns mobile phone datas , once again in a massive way , you just have to live on the same rough area as a criminal to have all your communications monitored ( it works through a system that works like kind of a mobile data trap that intercepts all communications in a given area ) . 
  the problem is what they will do with these information . 
  suddenly someone has the power to know your kinks , who you sleep with and so on . 
  now imagine you are a vocal opponent to your government , you regularly organize demonstrations , maybe you have political movement . 
  who tells you this information is not going to fall into the hands of your political opponents that are currently in power ? 
  this is but one of the dangers of this kind of law . 
  not just criminals need their privacy to exist , political opponents , union leaders etc. . . need it too . 
  people without whom democracy just does not exist . 
  people who say `` i do n't care , i have nothing to hide '' are just incredibly short sighted . 
  several prominent antiterrorist judges actually spoke out against this law , just to put that in perspective . 
  it is not just a leftist hippy thing , this shit is actually terribly dangerous . 
  it may not make france a police state but it gives tools to the government that we should only see in police states . 
  the freedom to have privacy ? 
  to not have files made on you by people you do n't know and which you have no idea what it will be used for ? 
  privacy is important and valuable . 
  i do n't get why people would be so willing to let it go like that . 
  sure but we should not let them make the law . 
  the fact they are on the field makes their opinion valuable but there are a lot of other things to take into account , personal freedoms being one of them . 
  if they say they need something , this should definitly be considered sure . 
  if that thing is endangering too much personal freedoms then they will have to do without it . 
  as good ole benjamin franklin put it : `` they who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . 
  i agree with you , i was mainly referring to to the internet & phone mass surveillance law recently passed in my country . 
  i should have been clearer . 
  cctv does have its use but i think the `` french patriot act '' 's damages to personal freedoms far outweighs the potential benefits . 
  what isis wants is follow muhammad 's prophecies about the apocalypse actually . 
  sauce : http://www.theatlantic.com/features/archive/2015/02/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ sure they make the occasional grand speech about spreading their caliphate to the whole world but these speeches are not directed towards us . 
  these are directed towards potential recruits , towards uneducated youth from middle eastern countries who grew up resenting the west . 
  i would actually wager my right ball none of the is leader actually believe for one second that they could take on the west and have the slightest chance of making a worldwide muslim caliphate . 
  not when they ca n't even manage to beat assad and the kurds . 
  they are not stupid , they have former iraqi generals , pr people etc. . . 
  they know a dozen abrams and a couple hundreds technicals just wo n't cut it by far . 
  there is basically no way to stop a `` lone wolf '' attack . 
  even intelligence agencies will tell you . 
  if tomorrow a guy wants to build up a bomb out of common chemicals and put it in a mall , no amount of government surveillance can stop him . 
  if terrorists really wanted to hit us , they absolutly could and no one could do a thing . 
  yet you rarely hear about terrorist attacks , because they do n't happen but if you think they do n't happen because we have government surveillance you are wrong . 
  they do n't happen in europe mainly because terrorists are busy targetting middle eastern muslim countries like they always did . 
  strategically europe is just not an interesting target for them , contrary to what politicians want you to believe . 
  they know our countries will not become radical islamic countries anytime soon while middle east countries can actually realistically become radical islamic countries . 
  the worst enemies of al qaeda and the likes are not us , there worst enemies are moderate government in muslim countries . 
  you are poorly informed . 
  is does not care about us , they mostly just want to be left alone while they kill and terrorize people in lybia and syria . 
  their goal is to make their dream islamic country in the middle east and that every `` real '' muslim joins them there . 
  you have more chances to fall in your shower and break your neck than be a victim of is in europe . 
  sounds suspiciously like you are trying to summon cthulhu . 
  weapons and tanks are part of the armed forces , we could hide them or not make them appear in the parade somehow but that would be a bit hypocritical . 
  it would be a bit like the `` deathless '' wars the us used to sell in the 90 's . 
   i mean , if you 're not , say , a woman and talk about a woman 's experience , then i kinda agree with the `` check your privilege '' thing in spirit . 
  you ( and i ) do n't know what it 's like to be a woman . 
  that 's what `` check your privilege means . '', 
  so if a woman tries and talk about men and their experience i can tell them to check their privileges ? 
  this is completly ridiculous . 
  if a cause is really fair and has nothing to hide it does not need to shut people up this way . 
  sjw is to my knowledge the only group of people that actually created a system where you can shut someone up without using any argument . 
  it really tells something about their cause . 
  truth is in our societies there is nothing a man can currently do that a woman can not . 
  that 's why sjw are now basically inventing issues such as manspreading so they can use the `` check your privileges '' privilege and complain and moan that life is unfair . 
  yeah there are social expectations for a women ( be pretty , do n't be fat , have big boobs , be able to cook ... ) , but there are for men too ( be strong , be tall , have a big dick , never complain , never be emotional , be able to fix the car ... ) . 
  in both cases it is toxic . 
  what if as a man i do n't want to be strong or i want to be emotional or i have a small dick ? 
  i would be just as screwed as a ugly girl without boobs yet for sjws my experiences and suffering would be worthless , because i am a man ? 
  what the fuck man . 
  fuck them for trying to create a culture where we are no longer human beings but where the importance of what you say is defined solely on your colour or gender . 
  whether we like it or not , armed forces are an essential part of any sovereign state and it generally involves lots of danger and a fucked up family life for those involved . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with having a day a year to honour them . 
  the fact you personally associate parades with autocratic governments is completly subjective . 
  [ germany ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=16&amp;v=pswy412ntti ), 
   i see no difference between people choosing to believe in a guy in the sky and people who chose to believe they are a vampire , wolfslayer or whatever in some mmorpg . 
  out of all the comparisons you could have made , you picked the most ridiculous . 
  no one playing rpgs actually believe anything is real , it 's just a game ... 
  they do n't play to find a meaning to life , they play to entertain themselves with friends or alone . 
  you may think it is stupid but that is your opinion . 
  who does n't ? 
  do n't you guys produce enough cider already ? 
  do you really need to produce all the cider ? 
  putin is doing the only thing he can do to nato : posturing . 
  it 's not in itself . 
  but once you begin letting your enemy take your lands where does it stop ? 
  falklands belong to the uk , therefore uk will defend it with all its might . 
  as simple as that . 
  exactly , the falklands are ours , gib back the clay filthy rosbeefs . 
  apparently the spanish inquisition was actually very much expected as they gave the accused 30 days notice before coming to take him to be tried . 
  why are a lot of people here treating direct democracy as if it should have no boundaries or limits ? 
  sure , too much direct democracy would quickly turn into a dictature of the people but we can totally make an hybrid system . 
  if you really think your politicians are well-informed and smarter than you you may want to reconsider . 
  they are not in most cases , they just have more connections or money but they are certainly not smarter than the average person . 
  there are simple things that can be easily added to the french system for example ( i am not as familiar with the others ) without needing to make another constitution or anything : * referendums and petitions . 
  * possibility to recall elected people , it should not be too easy of course so we keep some political stability and so elected officials can make mildly unpopular laws . 
  it should not be too hard as to be impossible to reach though . 
  * bonding electoral programmes . 
  currently in france our constitution clearly states that election programmes have no value whatsoever . 
  that 's completly scummy in my opinion as we do n't really have any other source to make our choice on where the country should go . 
  so in the end the elected government does pretty much what they want and promise to us anything we want to hear at the moment . 
  there is no democracy if we have no way to make an informed choice . 
  of course we have to take into account that you ca n't always reach every objectives so i think we should require that elected officials reach at least 50 % of their programme 's objectives or they would have penalties on the grants the state give them for running elections . 
  it would hit the parties where it hurts and force them to make realistic programmes .
