  we could scale the penalties according to the budget of the party to make sure the big parties have no advantage over small parties . 
  * small parties that have nearly no air time should have a time accorded to them to talk about their ideas on public channels at a time when people are actually watching like before or after the everning news for example . 
  i do n't know in other countries but we never ever see or hear about minor parties in france . 
  they have some allocated time during the elections but never the rest of the year . 
  i think public channels should also be about educating people on what choices are available to them . 
  * allowances of parliamentary should be scaled according to their actual presence time at votes . 
  i am deeply ashamed when i see that on 577 parliamentaries , only 30 were present in the parliament to vote for the french patriot act . 
  what kind of representation is this sincerely ? 
  parliament should be at least two third full for every session . 
  of course these are raw ideas that can totally be added to , improved and modified but i think they give an idea of what i would like to see . 
  `` vato , you wo n't believe what i saw ! '', 
  french is my mother language , i also speak english ( by necessity ) and italian ( for pleasure ) fluently ( my italian is a bit rusty as i do n't practice as much as i would like but i can easily hold a conversation ) . 
  i try to learn russian . 
  i am not yet very good at it but i am confident . 
  i may try to learn german or polish one day if i get the courage . 
  they used to be the king 's standard but they are n't anymore . 
  i shower everyday . 
  i do love garlic . 
   well tell me some stereotypes ? 
  that you are basically german ? 
  i know there was such a stereotype in france during world war 1 , apparently some german soldiers in the occupied area would smear french peoples houses with feces to humiliate them and the french civilians understood that as `` german are into shit '' . 
  french propaganda quickly took on that and made sure to make it known everywhere in france that germans liked playing with their own shit . 
   the f\u00fbhrer of the third reich says jewish genocide recognition is `` european racism '' . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong but i thought marriage is a religious thing , so the representatives of the religion have full right to decide what they believe is right , so i do n't know why people are so pissy about it . 
  in the comment you answered to :  also the concept of marriage existed under one form or another way before christianity began . 
  why is this concept suddenly belonging exclusively to religions ? 
  in france marriage is not religious . 
  the only marriage recognized by the state is civil marriage . 
  people are free to marry religiously but religious marriage in itself has not legal value . 
  religions decided unilateraly that the concept of marriage belonged to them . 
  they are wrong . 
  they have the right to have their own version of marriage if they want but the concept does not belong to them . 
   i suggest the state-regulated relationship with the same laws as marriage , just without being married . 
  in france anyway the only marriage recognized by the state is the civil marriage in front a representant of the state . 
  religious marriages in front of a priest have absolutly no official value whatsoever . 
  the marriage that has been opened for gay people is the civil one , religious authorities are entirely free to not marry gay people , there is therefore no oppression of religious freedoms . 
   whole western europe is doing everything to make muslims feel like in home , they do everything to `` care about religious rights of muslims '' but when someone is trying to protect the national religion he 's described as fanatic ... quote me please . 
   i mean i do n't want religion to take over my country , but people deserve to have some rights , as we live in a 98 % catholic country . 
  yet you want to refuse the right to marry to a part of the population because it is against the religious beliefs of another part of the population . 
   i 'm strongly against gay marriages , because it would hurt in the religious feelings of catholics ( if we care so much about muslims , lets care about other religions too ) , i support other kinds of law-regulated relationships personal freedom  feels in my book . 
  also the concept of marriage existed under one form or another way before christianity began . 
  why is this concept suddenly belonging exclusively to religions ? 
  scotland . 
  yeah i know they are not a neighboring nation yet . 
  just wait till we take on england in a pincer movement . 
  last time we heard about animal cruelty in france it was because a guy convicted for it got so much harassment he offed himself . 
  http://tempsreel.nouvelobs.com/faits-divers/20141016.obs2344/il-avait-torture-un-chat-harcele-sur-facebook-il-se-suicide.html ( in french ) seriously , four months of jail and constant harassment / death threats for months , even if you love being cruel to animals for fun at least do n't do it for your sake ... 
  my bad !, 
  there is a pilot . 
  he is just not in the plane itself . 
  there is still a human controlling it . 
  german guy : only knows how to say `` whore '' and `` beer '' . 
  you are 5th and france is 6th , sometimes it 's the opposite but i think right now you guys are slightly ahead . 
  ah good ole motorola , i wonder what his friend givi from the somalia batalion is becoming . 
  long time since we saw him mistreating prisoners for fun . 
  if it is for eating it is not a crime , a man got to feed his family . 
  apparently it was just lucky . 
  they raided an islamist base and found him . 
  they did not expect to liberate an hostage . 
  `` the head of state ( fran\u00e7ois hollande ) has annunced that the special forces were suprised to discover the hostage as `` we had not intelligence on the presence of this hostage '' . 
  http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2015/04/french-commandos-free-dutch-hostage-in-mali-held-for-3-5-years/ an article in english . 
  once you are in a country , learning the language is easy and natural . 
  the only way i can conceive not to do so is to willingly separate yourself from the others to remain among people speaking your language . 
  mother languages shape the way you think . 
  it is a pretty admitted fact . 
  https://edge.org/conversation/how-does-our-language-shape-the-way-we-think http://www.linguisticsociety.org/content/does-language-i-speak-influence-way-i-think http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/29/magazine/29language-t.html so yeah , language has a huge influence on the way a culture develops and the way people growing up in this language think and behave . 
  i am sorry but to say that languages can be easily be interchanged without much cultural impact is just plain wrong . 
  what is an asshole move is coming to a country expecting it to adapt to you and not even make the effort to learn its language . 
  if you want to speak another language you are free to do so in your country of origin . 
  are you suggesting that the only alternative to the right wing is communism ? 
  there is a middle ground . 
  `` suffer not the alien to live '', 
  yeah . 
  this habit of putting `` nazi '' label only achieve two things : it banalize nazism and it allows these parties to make it all about themselves being persecuted to hide their retarded programmes . 
  they are far right and overly patriotic . 
  they are against euro , against eu , anticommunist and for a strict control of immigration . 
  are they nazis ? 
  some militants definitly are , the party itself it is harder to say but i would tend toward no . 
  they definitly have a problem with islam in france ( they do n't care about islam abroad ) and the way it is practiced by some muslims but they do n't call for murder or deportation either , only for deportation of foreigners who commit crimes in france or are there illegally . 
  the second in command got outed as gay by a tabloid recently and no one seems to really care in the party , he is still representing his party on tv and elsewhere and is still a prominent figure of the party . 
  before i get accused of it , i am not a sympathizer . 
  i think leaving the euro and ue is a retarded project . 
  i just like to try and make unemotional assessments the best i can . 
  the french d\u00e9partements are still basically the same https://educadom.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/dc3a9partements-franc3a7ais.gif, 
  i would expect nothing less from france24, 
  interview themselves to get a scoop . 
   my mum even turned to me and calmly said `` at least we 're all together '' damn , makes a chill go down my spine, 
  no i am not . 
   can you read ? 
  i am questioning you , how can you link our budget deficit with the fiscal policy of luxembourg . 
  give some figures , back up your claims . 
  explain us how all the other luxembourg neighbors do n't have the issues we have ? 
  i showed you a state is willingly robbing us of money and you do n't see the link with france needing more money to no be in deficit ? 
  woot ... every country is different , we are still being robbed blind . 
  concerning the number as with anything of legally questionable nature there are no numbers , even estimations are fucky at best but when we see that france claims about [ 1.25 billion just for google and amazon ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/tax/10622933/france-will-not-tolerate-tax-avoidance-says-francois-hollande.html ) , we can imagine it would be a pretty hefty sum and that recuperating it would be a good way to at least diminish greatly our deficit . 
  from there it would be much easier to check what reform is actually needed . 
  seems much more honest than just pointing at the average person 's benefits and claim they are responsible for our deficits when we have probably billions that are taken from us unduly . 
   so juncker wants to `` bully us '' into `` becoming like the us '' because of tax avoidance ? 
  does juncker pays his taxes in france ? 
  who are the others ?
