  you really are putting a lot of efforts into pretending not to understand . 
  i applaud your efforts but the only person you are ridiculing is yourself , sorry . 
  if you read the medias a bit , you would know that juncker is responsible for the tax avoidance policy of luxembourg while he was prime minister of luxembourg . 
  he is now at the head of the commission [ blaming france for his deficit and foreshadowing sanctions if it does not reform `` it 's labor law '' ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/conjoncture/2015/01/28/20002-20150128artfig00441-jean-claude-juncker-pas-question-de-supprimer-la-dette-grecque.php ) . 
   as i 've showing to you , your initial post is just a rant with nothing to back it up . 
  nope , still showed nothing sorry . 
  feel free to try again though it is funny . 
  they are not . 
  i still think we are being screwed ( among other countries ) of dozens of billions euros each years and that it is unacceptable . 
   what you are talking about are european rules that the previous french governments ( from the right or the left ) have agreed to apply . 
  you are blaming the horrible europe that want to destroy the poor french people , but all those rules and laws were also agreed by french meps , french governments , ... no ... 
  seriously i am tired of repeating the same things i wrote in my first comment because people wo n't read my comment entirely before responding . 
  i am blaming people who give us lessons in good budget management with one hand while encouraging practices that damage the capacity of france ( and other countries ) to respect the objectives with another hand . 
  i never criticized the eu rules themselves even though they probably could be criticized it is not the debate i am having right now . 
  please read the comment you answered to , it is becoming really tiring . 
  sure , the problem is the only way to do that through the votes is by voting fn which i refuse or by voting for the communists which are ... communists . 
   your post is arrogant in the tone it is subjective , i do n't think it is and some people seem to agree with me ( i do n't doubt some people will agree with you too )  you are accusing luxembourg for internal french issues ( or maybe you could provide figures correlating luxembourg fiscal policy with our budget deficit ? ) . 
  are you seriously that ill informed ? 
  this made a huge scandal a few months back and every major newspaper talked about it at length . 
  basically luxembourg has a state policy of encouraging tax avoidance in neighboring countries and has been doing so for about 20 years while juncker was at the head of the country . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2014/12/09/luxleaks-35-multinationales-montrees-du-doigt-dont-skype-et-disney_4537635_3234.html http://www.lemonde.fr/economie-mondiale/article/2014/11/05/evasion-fiscale-tout-sur-les-secrets-du-luxembourg_4518895_1656941.html http://www.lepoint.fr/economie/le-luxembourg-au-centre-d-un-scandale-d-evasion-fiscale-06-11-2014-1879148_28.php  you mention `` some people '' bullying us into becoming `` like the us '' . 
  those that spend their time blaming france for its deficit are generally those who actually benefit from tax avoidance . 
  jean claude juncker is an excellent example of that but he is far from the only one . 
   you simply uses the fallacious rhetorics that in your last post turned to ad hominems . 
  good job . 
  the joke on your username was an easy one , my arguments still stand whether you like it or not . 
   sarcasm is a proof by contradiction and is great to show how absurd an argument is . 
  like claiming france is willing to reform ... 
  except i said none of those things . 
  i said i am not against reforms in itself when they are done in a spirit of equity . 
  what seem to be the consensus among our beloved `` elites '' nowaday is more `` oh the rich do n't want to pay their taxes ? 
  right , instead of doing much to force them to pay what they owe , let 's cut the benefits of the poor sods who break their backs all week in manual labour to get our money back '' . 
  it is my own opinion , i do not speak for france as a whole . 
   and is better with its people than the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't think whether we are the best or not at taking care of our less fortunate is relevant . 
  whether we are good or not i certainly do n't want our capacity or willingness to help the poor decreased in any way . 
   sarcasm is a proof by contradiction sarcam is proof of nothing except of one 's ability to caricature the other person 's arguments . 
  being sarcastic about arguments that totally make sense is actually a great way to make them seem like they do n't . 
  this is propaganda 101 . 
  i was merely pointing out that being sarcastic did not make you right . 
  i love how your post is just poorly done sarcasm to avoid argumenting . 
  i never said i am against reform . 
  i am against cutting the benefits of the most vulnerable parts of the populations to compensate for a part of the most wealthy who do not want to pay taxes and would rather use semi-legal ways to hide their money abroad . 
  reform may be good or bad , stop pretending that the act of reforming is good by nature . 
  are we talking about france or about french politicians ? 
  french politicians are among those who hide their money abroad , of course they wo n't push for anything preventing them to line their pockets . 
  i think the absolut priority would be to get the fiscal evasion money . 
  from there we would have a good idea to what we should reform and to what extent . 
  saying `` france has deficit so it surely does something wrong '' may be an accurate statement but it is currently completly biased by dozens of billions euros that should be in the pocket of the state and is currently not . 
  funny how i actually say the exact opposite . 
  i say france should try to respect the deficit rules , what i disagree on is how it should do it , ie not by cutting on benefits for the poorest people but by actually getting back the dozens of billions euros of tax evasion it should have yearly if there was no fiscal paradise . 
  i love how you completly missed my point and grossly misrepresented my arguments . 
  i think your username suits you pretty well . 
   your post has everything i despise , our french arrogance not wanting to get screwed = arrogance , ok ...  accusing others for our problems ( and insulting them ) a state that has made an open policy of encouraging and promoting tax avoidance in neighboring countries is a parasite state this may be an insult , it is still the best way to describe this process ( to live at the expense of someone else without bringing anything positive in return ) . 
  this is not just an accident , this is a willing and voluntary policy of the state of luxembourg . 
   the `` evil '' us . 
  you are being plain dishonest , i never said that . 
  i do n't think the us are evil but their model does not suit me personnally and i absolutly do not want it for france . 
   if you do n't trust polls , see how the macron bill passed so easily in the opinion , especially considering the use of the 49-3 !, 
  you are actually citing the use of an article of the constitution preventing the parliament to oppose a bill to draw conclusions about what the people want ? 
  no the people are not happy , they just stopped demonstrating and started voting fn . 
  what i see in this article is a great lack of adressing the piss poor democratic records of the eu . 
  trying to adress the rise of nationalism in france ( and other countries ) without talking about that is just pissing in the wind in my opinion . 
  you want france to respect the deficit rules ? 
  start by making a true anti-tax avoidance policy at the european level . 
  and not a joke one headed by fucking juncker . 
  stop pretending cutting on benefits is the only way to level a budget , actually fighting parasite states like luxembourg in our midst would be much more effective and humane . 
  but of course someone like monti would rather see the humble factory worker pay the bill . 
  french will always refuse to cut on their benefits because they are smart enough to know it is not necessary at all and that some people are just using the european rules to try and bully them into becoming more and more like the us . 
  of course . 
  last week i trimmed my beard a little and the local cleric whipped 20 times for that . 
  and i think i got off lightly . 
  do n't you know , france is basically a third world country ... 
  if that is one critic we can not make about ss uniforms it is that they are bad taste . 
  they have been designed by hugo boss and still today they just reek of the most absolut class . 
  i guess the way they see themselves it is about discipline and look intimidating to their enemies . 
  i am all cool with the us but i think now more than ever we should increase military collaboration within europe itself . 
  you do see [ that kind of shit ] ( http://actupol30-blog.fr/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/phoda7ad936-ce92-11e2-9950-5abcea2b313a-805x453.jpg ) on the 1st of may which , for nationalists , is kind of a `` joan of arc day '' ( not official ) . 
  it is worth noting that it is still a well known figure among the general non nationalist population and you see a lot of statues of her in french cities . 
  i would say the nationalists work hard to make her theirs but that they have not really succeded so far . 
  i think it is just a representation of the reverse of the dollar bills . 
  dieudonn\u00e9 definitly has something against jews but the fact that it is a nazi salute is pure speculation that have always been denied by the comedian . 
  fuck juncker , this hypocritical prick who organized large scale tax evasion in europe for 18 years as prime minister of luxembourg and now gives lessons and pretends to be part of the solution . 
  i actually laughed on this one !, 
  i guess some people would do just anything to have the last word . 
  words have a specific meaning . 
  pointing out that that the sky is blue and not green is not splitting hairs . 
  where did i say it was better ? 
  hey , i went there !, 
  we got a tour by grizzled ranger [ tom wolf ] ( http://i.imgur.com/seao9pu.jpg ) . 
  no , the french royalty flag has been abandoned since 1830 . 
  not that i expected you to know anything about history of course . 
  oh my god , i love it !, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y26ny/overly_patriotic_collages_post_come_on_reurope/ done !, 
  we could do a ridiculous overly patriotic collages topic . 
  it could be fun . 
  as peoples we are still considered as something you can easily bypass . 
  sure we are not north korea but that does not mean there is not a huge room for improvement . 
  that awkard moment when you are realizing that none of us actually live in a democracy . 
  nationalism did not get 6 millions jews killed , racism did .
