kinda proves they are n't asylum seekers then and invalidates the entire reason they are here in the first place . 
  eu should not be remotely involved in the region at all . 
  implying the eu is n't backed by corporate donors who love the supply of cheap migrant labour in the eu . 
  it 's more isometric warfare without clearly defined objectives or rationale . 
  no but we should have a referendum on these huge issues and see what it is and then act on it . 
  as awful as it sounds how is one devastating picture representative of this issue . 
  it 's fucking grim sensationalism at best and it just distorts this whole thing . 
  i expect their family will keep their property in their home country . 
  it 's likely 18-30 year old men will be the main `` asylum seekers '' because that 's the prime demographic for economic migrants . 
  i very rarely see families or women crossing to italy or trekking across hungaria on the news . 
  it 's largely men . 
  everyone from syria gets a free pass right ? 
  wonder how many syrians will come and just say they 're seeking asylum ? 
  you really think they are n't just going to let everyone in ? 
  and those few that they wo n't will not just burn their passports and claim asylum or abscond ? 
  well that a centre like this is little more than a rubber stamp for a policy on immigration that has basically already been decided . 
  whatever happens or how valid these people are you 're going to be taking huge numbers of them . 
  has n't merkel already committed germany to taking 100s of thousands of these people ? 
  disliking illegal immigration does n't make you a nazi . 
  that attitude will get your children living as a minority in their own country . 
  the moral highground is going to taste bitter as hell in 50 years time . 
  and if they do n't get it they 'll go home ? 
  the eu and un are a joke . 
  it should be about national , accountable , democratically elected governments deciding how their country should be run . 
  it 's not a court of law and i 'm not prosecuting anyone . 
  they should prove that they are asylum seekers on entry by going through proper legal channels . 
  i do n't get to go to america or japan and assume automatic right of entry because of a claim i make . 
  http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/they're citation needed for the claim ` they 're ' almost entirely asylum seekers . 
  they 're almost entirely economic immigrants . 
  and when countries like germany admit them they encourage more to come and enlarge the crisis . 
  it 's only a crisis if you continue to let them get in . 
  i think we 're atleast 16 % shitter than that . 
  judging by what happened in the uk i 'd be more worried about schools being near large numbers of muslim men . 
  when people say multicultural they really mean multi-racial . 
  well i 'm just talking about what your first minister is saying . 
  you 're the people who voted for them after all . 
  or the complete opposite also applies . 
  it 's a bit rich for the scots to complain about the uk wanting brexit when scotland wants to seperate from the uk . 
  and nothing is done ... just letting them do it in record numbers with no attempt to stop it . 
  all the top positions in the eu commision are assigned not voted on . 
  it 's about not judging a whole group by the actions of a discrete minority . 
  is it intentional self-satire ? 
  does it ? 
  you ask people about immigration in the uk and about 70 % want a reduction in non eu immigration . 
  no you do n't . 
  the news will report sadness and misery before it will report positive actions . 
  i 'm sure these christian missions and charities improve the quality of life for locals in the long run . 
  it 's simple just go to a rally ... risk being photographed in attendance ... ruin your own life . 
  ye but you never hear about the good things they do either . 
  sweden denied him entry . 
  what did he do just scrawl abuse and crudely drawn cocks all over his application ? 
  racism is priviledge + power . 
  ok so your goal is to systematically undermine white power and influence . 
  that 's heartwarming . 
  good . 
  he 's right . 
  does n't mean it 's going to become children of men over night though . 
  also he 's mentally ill so he 's a double minority . 
  i think that means he needs a high profile job in the media or role in the labour party . 
  the eu does n't care about whether they really are asylum seekers or not . 
  story seems to be poorly titled . 
  would n't it be more accurate to say `` tiny minority of wealthy angolans invest in portugal rather than their own country '' ? 
  in the uk the social services actually removed a child from a couple who support ukip . 
  this is a translation from hungarian . 
  might be better in the original tongue . 
  i think it 's emotive rhetoric . 
  at a certain level your just exploiting the human element in this drama to get support for an incredibly unsound immigration precedent . 
  i 'm not saying this man on a personal level is n't doing good deeds . 
  but my concern is the broader picture of what this means for europe and i think that 's why people down-vote it . 
  i do n't see them as refugees by and large . 
  i think the problem is libya in it 's weakened state can no longer prevent refugees moving north . 
  this has encouraged the mass movement of economic migrants a lot of whom look like african men aged 18-30 . 
  i think they 're suggesting it may be less than optimal . 
  another vampiric tax haven then . 
   90 days, 
  you got ta laugh . 
  i wish we had a pan-european political union that could deal with international tax fraud like this . 
   92 % how can people defend this . 
  it beggars belief, 
  i think 1250 is how much your house price fell during the period . 
   since my comfort has been paid in blood . 
  let 's just ignore several centuries of scientific progress , parliamentary democracy , medicine and engineering . 
  yes our prosperity was built purely on backs of the 0.25 % of men involved in the slave trade and the awful acts of colonials . 
  i think that 's a great idea until she dies and we get king-emperor charles . 
  i honestly think it 's one of the worst things on british tv . 
  i do n't get how with a straight face and allowing the situation to get how it is today he can turn around and make a remark like that . 
  what a greasy man . 
  exactly i believe in murder and heroin legalization . 
  no jussice no peas . 
  do n't let cheap labour obsessed business interests dictate immigration policy . 
  probably a reason why you should n't let them in . 
  makes you wonder does n't it what groups are putting pressure on her . 
  it was a double decker blt and a glass of milk . 
  it was n't a threat of violence . 
  both because she never implied she was going to harm anyone and because she 's an 87 year old woman . 
  it 's not the 12th century and this should n't be considered heresy . 
  you should be allowed to have opinions that are misinformed and wrong . 
  the right word is xenophobic . 
  when i mean crime i mean organised crime . 
  french organised crime is basically north africans and eastern europeans ; same as most of ne europe .
