well , yes and i do disagree with subsidies to car transport for a multiptude of reasons . 
  though i 'd argue its less so a middle class subsidy - more low income people commute to work by car than by train i 'd wager , though obviously the cost of running a car in britain is very high . 
  some of this is valid - one must always be suspicious of private companies with inbuilt monopolies . 
  regulatory agencies must be vigilant on pricing and must work to ensure new competititors are able to enter any industry as easily as possible ( though this will always be hard in monopolistic situations ) . 
  however quite a lot of the high prices we pay for these services in britain is because of our decrepit infrastructure . 
  in the case of water and railways we are talking about infrastcructure that was first built 150 years ago . 
  add in decades of government neglect after wwii ( for various reasons britain failed to re-invest in its infrastructure ) and you have a very expensive mess . 
  the decision was made to transfer these costs from taxpayers to users ; which is theoretically a fair system . 
  take railways - expensive as they are to use , and getting moreso because all taxpayer subsidy for day-to-day costs is being wirthdrawn , is it right for taxpayers to subsidise a resolutely middle class form of transport ? 
  the difficulty in making ends meet for worse off people in this country is a travesty , but it should be tackled at its source - low wages and an inadequate welfare system . 
  the privatisation of utilities is at best perpiheral . 
   i cry because earnings based unemployment benefits are largely paid by taxpayers . 
  so as a high income earner i pay more taxes , and if i become unemployed i get much less back and have to get a new job as soon possible . 
  yes but all systems of this type have to be redistributive to some extent , otherwise there 'd be no point . 
  you could just have private unemployment insurance just like you might have private health insurance . 
  the problem is that poor people would be unlikely to be able to afford it , yet it is them who need it most . 
  wow , britain 's rate is falling quite rapidly . 
  guess rapid economic growth is probably the key to getting that rate down . 
  do you hear that ecb and european governments ? 
  if i had to guess , i would say that it is because turkey has been a candidate state for so long , their statistics are probably up to eurostat standards , but serbia perhaps does not produce the correct data to create comparable statistics . 
  how do you read the map ? 
  see , that 's the real reason we have common law - to ensure that the legal profession is made up completely of memorisers ( or is that memoris * or * ? ), 
  rather than silly analytical thinkers . 
  it 's the only way !, 
   i never figured out what 's supposed to be so great about precedent based jurisdiction . 
  the idea is that certainty is in some cases more important than particular justice . 
  it has been most important in the development of english contract law i 'd argue - and this is why the english commercial courts , and other common law jurisdictions , are where international commercial contracts are usually adjudicated . 
  it also allows the sharp edges of statute law ( the actual laws written by legislatures ) to be rubbed away by judge-made compromises . 
  it is impossible to write a law that takes account of all possible circumstances , so judges can essentially `` write in '' new bits of law for the particular circumstances being considered . 
  the downside of this is that for some statutes , simply reading the text will not tell you all you need to know about what the law actually is . 
  it has many flaws - not least complexity - but i think in general using precedential arguments is ( maybe counterintuitively ) a good way of elucidating the principles at play in a legal case . 
  in reality , most cases * are * decided on their facts , it is only the rare ones where a point of law is in dispute . 
  this is interesting - learning eu law as a british law student , it all felt a bit alien to me . 
  how so ? 
  no * stare decisis * - what madness is this !, 
  i think it suffers from the fact that ` common ' is not a very informative descriptor , though i suppose nor is ` civil ' . 
  though no. 3 ; normally when you 're referring to the part of the law that is not equity you just say ` in law ' - which i guess is even more confusing !, 
  that has more to do with federalism and constitutional textualism , neither of which we have had much part in promoting . 
  in britain judges have not been involved in the granting or revoking of rights for same sex couples . 
  but but but ... the common law is england 's greatest gift to mankind !, 
  rabble rabble rabble, 
  there have been cuts in real terms , you are giving a nominal figure . 
  err ... 
  i believe we 're in the common market and we do n't need to tie ourselves into a sub-optimal currency zone to do so . 
  coming from a former supporter of my country 's entry into the euro ( i can admit when i 'm wrong :p ) . 
  yeah sorry there was a typo that made that more difficult to understand . 
  as other have said , it 's any town that had the right to hold a market . 
  most ( including mine ) still do . 
  except now they mostly sell knick-knacks and pirated dvds . 
  i love both hobsbawm and anderson . 
  i think * postwar * by tony judt is one of the best works of history i have ever read . 
  it pulls together so many disparate strands , covering pretty much every country in europe , west and east , giving a really brilliant ` story ' of europe 's journey from wwii to the present . 
  [ the view from my window ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i8u3max.jpg ) in an unremarkable mid-sized english market town . 
   yeah , any coverage of muslims doing bad things is highly covered up errr ... not what i see . 
  actually britain does n't get any russian gas at all . 
  i do n't really understand your point ? 
  is it not obvious that eu financial sanctions against russia will affect london disproportionately by definition ? 
  that 's a really beautiful tune . 
  very poignant given the circumstances of the creation of the gdr and how much of a lie those words turned out to be , particularly the second verse :  to germany , our fatherland . 
  all the world longs for peace , reach your hand out to the peoples . 
  if brotherly we unite ourselves , we shall defeat the people 's enemy . 
  let the light of peace shine so that a mother never more mourns her son , mourns her son . 
  you say no-one believes in god anymore , but the problem with jerusalem seems to be about jesus creating paradise on earth and saving us from the horrors of industrialisation . 
  also i think its faintly associated with the ridiculous victorian trend of british israelism . 
  it 's a cool song but i wonder if it really would make a good national anthem ? 
  also there 's the problem that its only about england . 
  i have always felt that [ land of hope and glory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_rolkmol9s ) ( sorry for the cheesy video ) would make the best anthem for britain . 
  got ta say , for a patriotic song , you ca n't beat star spangled banner . 
  lovely signs , but is n't the last one a rather impractical shape ? 
   i live , polish and asians have built up a community that does not like white people i do n't know if you 've noticed , but polish people are white . 
  maybe they just do n't like you ? 
  ah , i see , thanks !, 
  since when were they fighting isis in iraq ? 
  ha , i imagine its the same problem that we have in britain ? 
  i think people always hate large and important capital cities because they think it obscures everything else . 
  i like the netherlands because i 've been a few times and i always find it welcoming and fun . 
  the hague is lovely and amsterdam is one of the world 's great cities . 
  after that italy - because everything . 
  maybe also croatia because the dalmatian coast feels a bit like italy but marginally cheaper :p, 
  when you run a business you waive that right - you are providing a service to the public not inviting them in for tea , their beliefs are no business of yours . 
  that being said , if i were jewish i would n't be rushing to visit this establishment . 
  you would have saved yourself a lot of time by actually * read the article * . 
  it says very clearly that the turkish text says ` jews ' but in french it has been replaced with ` zionists ' as a weasely way of avoiding trouble . 
  fuel to the fire for the ` antizionism and antisemitism are the same thing ' brigade . 
  a disgusting display , i hope they throw the book at him . 
  it 's because those belgians have [ a lot of secrets to keep ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salamander_ ( tv_series ) ) . 
  the ecsc and later eec were unprecedented ; they were not mere trade agreements . 
  they had a civil service and a court , which decided as early as 1963 that european law was superior to national laws - that is not a mere trade agreement . 
  the purpose of european unity is simple ; as the cold war beckoned , the postwar aim of punishing and deindustrialising germany now looked shortsighted . 
  france needed german coal and iron , and we all needed germans to buy our goods . 
  europe needed the motor of the german economy to return to prosperity , and punishing germany looked sure to push them into the arms of moscow , or even a renewal of authoritarian dictatorship . 
  the question remained though , how to strengthen germany without threatening the hard-won peace ? 
  the idea was that by binding europe together economically , and then militarily , there would be less chance of war . 
  so yes , the european project is a direct descendent of wwii and the cold war . 
  whether it is responsible for western europe holding strong against the ussr , or for the absence of renewed war on the continent can never be 100 % certain , but that was surely the aim . 
  i for one would definitely credit european integration as a large factor making a new war unthinkable , particularly in those early years . 
  we 've just had it so good for so long that we 've forgotten what europe used to be like . 
  i believe he meant that sarcastically - in that this is how `` the media and the politicians '' regard their readers and voters . 
  i am not suprised by this after hearing what has happened [ to anna lo ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/northern-ireland/anna-lo-to-quit-politics-due-to-ongoing-racist-abuse-by-loyalists-30314364.html ) . 
  it disgusts me that the first person of chinese descent to be elected to office in the uk has been hounded out by racist scum .
