  there 's a lot that 's wonderful about northern ireland - but this sort of thing makes it hard not to be depressed about how troubling the place is . 
  i remember my grandfather ( who is asian and a nutter ) complaining about `` the black welsh '' . 
  i was never sure if he was using `` black '' in the old fashioned sense of `` no good '' or whether he was talking about shirley bassey . 
  for some reason this really amused me more than his racism irritated me . 
  also funny because coal . 
  this was incredible . 
  ive never seen anything like it . 
  that goal off the head from van persie was sheer artistry . 
  and goal no5 from robbens was like magic . 
  oh to be a dutchman tonight . 
  well done chaps , have fun tonight !, 
  thank you !, 
  no one has posted any data proving this , only that male prisoners vastly outnumber female ones . 
  charles ii , for putting the country back together after the civil war . 
  ... do you really think people travel thousands of miles , risk a horrible death , dying of thirst in scorching deserts or drowning on ricketty rafts in the mediterranean so they can claim money on benefits ? 
  people like you really make me sick . 
  sitting there on your fat , well-fed arse , spitting on the world 's downtrodden . 
  i hope there 's a civil war in whatever country you live in so that when you flee , some foreigner can spit in your face and tell you to fuck off back where you came from . 
  also you do fucking realise that they ca n't claim benefits in any eu country ? 
  they are not citizens and have no history of social welfare payment . 
  so what does that tell you ? 
  um , we 'll leave what you 're saying about islam aside for a moment and point out that not everyone who 's non white is muslim ? 
  no one 's choosing this . 
  but guess what , we 're human beings and we live in the world so the problems of other people have an effect on us . 
  i bet there were people in america ( indeed there were , and a lot of them ) in 1941 who said `` so , europe 's getting blown to smithereens by a crazy fascist dictator ? 
  not my problem , buddy '' . 
  tell me , why should anyone ever give a shit about you in that case ? 
  it 's pretty interesting , as an english speaker i wish we had to do this more as it sucks to have poor language skills . 
  i was very into borgen and though i did n't pick up much danish a friend who studied german said he found it quite easy to pick up from watching it with subtitles . 
  all i think i picked up were the danish for `` shut up '' and `` for fuck 's sake '' , and possibly `` yes please ! '', 
  thats why the netherlands feels so much like home , 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_free_trade oh the ukip types love that shit , and so does a certain type of tory . 
  theres about as much chance of this as a successful conclusion of the doha round of trade talks . 
  yeah the echr gives a lot of leeway in certain sensitive areas - particularly regulating morals and also in security measures ( where you 'd think rights need the most protection ) . 
  sorry , thought the key was in the image . 
  it shows how many people answered `` someone of a different race '' when asked to pick groups of people whom they would not want as neighbours . 
  it 's from [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ls4bwfa.jpg ) thread . 
  ha , so like british people at oktoberfest then ? 
  for me that is one of the most hilariously ironical outcomes of that whole saga . 
  a libertarian advocate of freedom from surveillance and freedom of speech runs away to ... putin 's russia ? 
  that would be like solzhenitsyn choosing to go to francoist spain after he was expelled from the ussr . 
  look i do n't want to get into a stupid argument here . 
  i 'd never deny that the british empire was racist , but so was every other european empire to varying degrees . 
  and i 'm sorry but belgium does * not * have a good track record here - belgium 's one and only colony has been described almost universally as hell on earth . 
  what i am saying is that britain , today , is not a racist country or a racist society . 
  indeed i would say it 's one of the * least * racist societies on the planet . 
  and as someone who is of mixed race and who was born and grew up here i 'd like to think my opinion counts for something . 
  i see , but the two should be combined - fiscal restraints at the centre combined with mutually backed debt . 
  spain and ireland were not spending excessively before the crisis ; instead their economies were battered by rapid outflows of capital , and interest rates on their government debt shot upward - the fiscal restraint requirements on their own could n't prevent that situation . 
  vlaams belang has been more successful in belgium than the bnp ever were in britain . 
  ahh thank you !, 
  i did take a stats class in university but i kind of bunked off and so now have a very patchy knowledge of statistics . 
  you know what they say about a little knowledge :p, 
   the way some of you think the commonwealth is just dying to be led by the uk again is kind of irritating this is * really * irritating for those of us who favour european integration as well . 
  `` oh we 've got nothing in common with these europeans , we 're much better off trying to form a free trade area with a disparate collection of states , the only thing we have in common with which is that we used to rule them , sometimes brutally '' . 
  it is not only arrogant but retains that rose-tinted view of empire which i thought the postwar period had gotten rid of . 
  i wish the fogies supporting ukip would hurry up and pop their clogs . 
  i know it 's partly based on stereotype but i 've always thought that i have felt most at home in the netherlands compared to anywhere else in europe , i 've been several times and i love it there . 
  maybe it 's to do with the fact that even though i do n't speak dutch , when you 're surrounded by dutch speakers it kind of sounds like you 're surrounded by really drunk english-speakers . 
  your mayonnaise is better than anywhere else - also raw herring is lovely !, 
  woah there , as a mixed-race briton i 'd say that 's really not the case in most of the country . 
  i 'd even go as far as saying that i think non-white people have had a better time in britain than a lot of continental europe . 
  i guess - just thought it was odd that they decided to ask roughly the same number of people from each country given the wide variations in population . 
  of course - i totally agree . 
  it just does n't seem to me that the european political class is capable of the sort of leadership this requires ? 
  what we have seen is cowardly proposals of deflationary remedies for the crisis countries - economic moralism straight out of the 1920s and 1930s which has not worked and has set back the eurozone economy by years . 
  the level of economic disaster visited on spain and greece in particular should disgust every european . 
  a ) that is the % of european citizens , not % of voters - the percentage of voters was much higher . 
  i suspect if you asked these questions at a national level and gave the answers as a percentage of the total electorate rather than voters you might be surprised by the results . 
  b ) i am very sceptical of a poll which gives absolutely no data on margin of error ; i note the sample size is about 12,000 for europe wide - also they have asked 800 people in each polled state which i would have thought would really skew the results . 
  800 people is probably a more than adequate sample in luxembourg - but i do n't think it would be in germany or the uk ? 
  ( i say this as a euro enthusiast ) but the difference is that saxony and bavaria do share a common fiscal policy to some extent - the german federal government is happy to allow net transfers from richer states to poorer states via federal government programmes , as in the united states . 
  equally , saxony and bavaria have a federal government which effectively guarantees the debt of the lander . 
  whilst the european union has many flaws that we must collectively resolve , whilst our elites have been tin-eared to the people 's concerns and whilst economically we are far from providing the best opportunity for our citizens or defeating poverty , i think this anniversary should be remembered as it should help us focus on what we have been working towards as a continent since the treaty of paris in 1951 . 
  in 1989 the iron curtain was a scar across europe , and millions lived in single party dictatorships where they had few choices in their daily lives and lacked basic freedoms or human rights . 
  these regimes ranged from the merely menacing to the truly terrifying under leaders such as ceausescu . 
  half of europe was a land of secret police , newspapers stultified by the party line and workers deprived of a good standard of living . 
  before the 1970s greeks , spaniards and portuguese languished under a dictatorship of a different banner but ones which acted out exactly the same crimes on their own people . 
  in 1945 this was a continent in ruins , after having killed millions in indiscriminate slaughter , after an attempt by a horrific regime to eradicate an entire people from the face of europe . 
  fast-forward to today and we are now in a europe which is one of the wealthiest societies the world has ever known , and a spaniard , a briton or a pole can make his home any city he likes . 
  he can take a job anywhere , he can start a website in his own language advocating any politics he likes , or he can start a business using his genius to sell his wares to more than 500 million people on equal terms . 
  american presidents have spoken of creating an empire of liberty - we have created one that spans from the port of lisbon to the mouth of the danube . 
  could we have made this continent as free as we have without co-operation , and dare i say it , without the eu ? 
  i think if we look to belarus , russia , ukraine and moldova we can see how important the european union has been in helping democracy in eastern europe onto its feet . 
  look at what happened in the balkans when europeans failed to take a proactive interest in what was happening on their doorstep . 
  i remember in history seeing my teacher shed a tear as we watched video of berliners tearing down the wall - it says something that in 25 years that moment seems , to a young person , like a completely different world . 
  it means a personal poll asking whether people approve/disapprove of their leadership . 
  the result was ( i think ) something like -1 % or -3 % , so it meant that the number who disapproved was already larger than the number who approved . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was more marx-y, 
  yeah 90 % opposed seems crazy ? 
  where is the source for these figures ? 
  in what world is that what this article is saying ? 
  he is not comparing anyone to the nazis , he is referencing a well known quote that is interesting in the current context . 
  you clearly have no interest in giving this article a fair hearing . 
  thank you so much for this . 
  as i always say to gays who 've drunk the right-wing kool aid - `` look around you , were n't these people expressing their disgust with gays not so long ago ? '', 
  * cough * did n't realise they had already been subject to a deportation order and appealed it all the way to the echr * cough * god , this cough i 've got is really weird . 
  actually it would be a shitton in english weights - a shittonne in metric :p, 
  to me its generally a northern european thing - i sometimes wonder if they get us all confused !,
