last i checked france had no legal obligation to stop the migrants in calais getting on ferries and trains bound for britain . 
  but they do ... 
  i wonder why ? 
  because they signed a treaty saying that they would ... 
  the eu does n't , but some of the member states do ... 
  i do n't see why the eu should have any role in telling us who to accept or not , and what quantities to do so in . 
  last i checked our policy on economic migrants was n't decided from brussels . 
  _ why _ should britain feel ` solidarity ' ? 
  no one has ever explained this to me ; the uk 's relationship with the eu is purely transaction , not emotional . 
  _ even if we have opt outs ? _, 
  i 'm surprised that it is that low . 
  edit : so if myself and the 5,999,999 other brits eligible for citizenship got citizenship then 60 % of ireland 's citizens would be british & eligible to vote . 
  reunification referendum anyone ? 
  it wo n't exist - the majority of eurozone countries will form the federation of europe while the rest leave . 
  i 'm dissappointed that as many as one in five brots supported this . 
  laaaaad, 
  if the eurozone cocks up , the eurozone should pay for it . 
  those nations clever enough to see how stupid the idea is should n't be forced to prop it up . 
  ngl , some of the comments to this post are stupider than what you get on comment is free , and that is impressive . 
  that could make the british eu referendum rather fun ... 
  one reason why the uk wo n't be part of the use without some major fudging : queenie ; federalising permanently would almost certainly mean getting rid of the monarchy . 
  i disagree with porn filters , but why the hell should this be decided on a eu level ? 
  there are good bits , but unfortunately there seem to be more and more bad bits every day . 
  you 're still not pointing out the bad bits & why we should n't want whatever 's best for britain ... 
  but not a beneficial one for the uk ... :p, 
  the possible implications of this are massive , because this would break the agreement that the efsm should not be used for eurozone rescues . 
  this will show eurosceptics and undecideds that agreements with the eu are n't worth the paper that they are written on . 
  dc 's negotiation will be irrelevant unless enshrined in treaty change . 
  we do . 
  and why should we want anything different ? 
  our relationship with the eu is a purely transactional one , we ca n't give a fuck about the * ` european project ' * , we have this strange notion of wanting the best for our country . 
  to be fair , we had a major advantage : no euro . 
  that meant that we could increase/lower inflation and interest rates etc to best suit out country whereas the euro was adjusted to best suit germany , screwing over other countries in the process . 
  why should britain feel any solidarity towards the eu ? 
  it 's not like there 's any going the other way * cough * ftt * cough *, 
  i really do n't get this . 
  the uk 's relationship with the eu is transactional , not emotion , so why should we fund a mess created by a club that we 're not even in ? 
  i really do n't get this , why should we have any ` solidarity ' towards other countries just because we 're in a club with them ? 
  the uk 's relationship with the eu is , and always has been a transactional one , and i 'm sorry for being such a bad person that i want * british * taxpayer money to be spent on the nhs , british pensions and infrastructure in britain . 
  no , this is a problem caused by the euro - so eurogroup countries should sort it out instead of pathetically trying to raid foreign countries . 
  they could do that , but they know that the british membership is worth more than getting rid of a few hundred immigrants to france . 
  ( moreover it 's in their interest not to because then even more immigrants would try to get to italy . ), 
  i certainly hope that that is the question on the referendum . 
   you join the eu , but you bicker about it constantly . 
  i do wonder , if the ` european capital ' was in london , would the brits bicker about it this much ? 
  we joined the eu but fought against joining the eurozone . 
  this is a eurozone matter not an eu one so why should we be forced to pay for it ? 
  that 's a fairly common line of thought right now . 
  this time last year i wanted marginally more integration , but things like this have chipped away until i am at the point where i 'm planning to campaign for boo . 
  why should we feel any solidarity with the germans and wider eu ? 
  i want my politicians to do what is best for the uk . 
  also , why should we have to foot the bill for a failed project that we 've spent 20 years opposing ? 
   * uk : * do n't do the euro , it 's a mistake  * eu : * fuck off , we 're doing it  * uk : * but it will fail and collapse !, 
  it 's collapsed . 
  give us # 1bn to save it . 
  yeah , i 'm gon na join better off out now . 
  i would n't be surprised if there was n't already a new set of plates for the $ 20 ( the only one greece prints ) or even plates for an entire re-denomination . 
  you mention the use of the military , i wonder whether the army would coup if things fell into anarchy . 
  yes . 
  any same person or party would n't even consider it . 
  but this is ~ ~ sparta ~ ~ syriza . 
  although over the last few years the eurozone have tried to isolate themselves from this sort of thing , and as long as the greek govt . 
  are sane this crisis should have little impact on the ez . 
  however there are two very unlikely situations that may be an existential risk to the european project - tspiras going fully mental and using the $ 20 note template to print millions of 20s to keep banks open , and will not stop until they physically ca n't print anymore , this would force the eurozone to re-denominate and possibly mortally wound the currency ( while this sounds crazy , remember that the people running greece are hard-left student politicians with no great love for the euro ) . 
  the alternative , more likely but not as bad event would be if france et al start ignoring germany and appease spain/italy/greece causing contagion . 
  you cite ... 
  polls ? 
  this far out people are anything but decided and there is plenty of potential for a scottish style swing against the eu . 
  until we have a date and the campaigns have begun , anything could happen . 
  so there is a slight silver lining . 
  and the ftt would n't be much better , yet the eu is still going to force it on the uk none the less . 
  at least if we left the eu we 'd actually be in charge of our own country & future , and we would not have one of the main pillars of our economy in the hands of people who want the best for the eu , not britain . 
  however with the sheer amount of inertia required to change it , from a uk perspective it 'd just make sense to just get out and form free trade agreements as that would be an awful lot quicker , easier , and more successful . 
  it 's tonnage is 150 % of the de gaulle . 
  that 's usually what they 're judged on . 
  ( 65k to 45k iirc ), 
  the annoying thing is that if they made just a few more sensible cuts they 'd not only have a primary surplus , but an overall one , from there it should n't have been too hard to climb out of this trouble . 
  well they do have a lot of socialists ... 
  huh ? 
  as a brit i 've never even heard of name days . 
  yes . 
  that 's exactly what i want - the best for the uk . 
  why opt-in to things that would harm us ? 
  then the eu is too divergent to be a single union . 
   the necessary reform that would make eu more democratic would be the one that transfers more powers to the european parliament at the expense of national governments ( the council ) . 
  the eu parl is there on a turnout of 45 % , the council is there with 65 % + . 
  surely it would be better to give more powers to the council and abolish the parliament ? 
  besides , everyone has different definitions of democratic . 
  personally i think that transferring powers to a body which had an average of 42 % turnout ( with it being just 13 % in one country ) would arguably be less democratic . 
  i favour a double stamp approach , where after something is approved at a eu level it then goes to the national parliaments ( which had much higher turnout ) to approve . 
  eh , my bad . 
   the uk is in favour of further political integration in the eurozone ermm no we are n't . 
  if there was a referendum on political integration with the eu it would be roundly defeated . 
  the uk on the whole does n't want to leave the eu , just reform it so that it is democratic , cost-effective and only gets involved in things that need to be decided on a transnational level . 
  joining the circle-jerk would n't help anything . 
  the problem with that is that when there is little economic fallout , the rest of europe will see that they do n't need to be ruled by the germans , then it will be open season . 
  on a more general note , it 's quite ironic that so many people are speaking more english in lieu of their native language when you consider that english itself is a massive mixing pot of languages from the times when we 've been visited , invaded or gone on an extended summer holiday . 
  i do n't mind american words so much , for me it 's the spelling . 
  my english teacher hated me because whenever she cut out a ` u ' or ` i ' or substituted in a ` z ' i made sure to always correct her . 
  i really do n't get what is wrong about wanting the best of something , and not having the worst .
