the turret is too far back to look like the typical [ rubber ducky contour ] ( http://www.clker.com/cliparts/o/b/1/m/k/z/cartoon-duck-md.png ) , and the bill ( in this case , the gun barrel ) is too long and flat for that as well , but once you know what to look for it makes more sense . 
  no , this is : ` yurp !, 
  it 's both , sarcasm aside . 
  he thinks you 're trolling him and is replying by grading his perceived quality of your troll . 
  he 's implying that your views seem so ridiculous to him that not only must you be trolling ( hence him not mentioning it ) but you must be doing a bad job of it because of how obvious it seems to him . 
  so you have all you need to turn your country into part of russia ? 
  learning a few alphabets is n't so hard , especially since people know greek letters somewhat from the sciences , but learning abjads and syllabaries is orders of magnitude harder . 
  very nice !, 
  i see that romanians and sicilians are united in liking / au / . 
  while what you say is true , i would n't go around applying late republican countercultural norms to gallo-iberian romance language development , especially since clodius was a one-off and , as is mentioned here , au - did n't disappear from the east . 
  your behaviour does n't line up with your political views then . 
  ah , so you 're just using right-wing to mean bad . 
  this clarifies quite a few posts in here . 
  my point is that by looking at traceable local gene markers from populations inside and outside this geographically defined area at different points in history and mapping out patterns of migration and assimilation , you can produce a genetic definition of `` european '' that can serve as functional taxonomy . 
  this would therefore make it not a necessarily nonsensical proposition . 
  it 's hardly a whoosh if the point you 're trying to highlight sarcastically is wrong , is it ? 
  you can define it in several ways since we already have the geographic definition of europe to start from . 
  consider your position for a moment . 
  if richard dawkins himself came here and answered you with an exact sourced empirical answer ( aka gypsies 22 % european ; hungarians 73 % european ) , would it matter to your argument or your opinion ? 
  that 's because he was n't all that bright , and a lot of his design decisions were made while he was angry or embarrassed or horny . 
  ali was the one who salvaged the religion into something * kinda * admirable if you squint a lot . 
  :p but that 's really my whole point , that they did it badly . 
  they made mistakes , the biggest ones being ( like you pointed out ) making it the literal , eternal word of god , and their intolerance of apostates . 
  we should study these things and learn , so that we may do it better . 
  theology should be made into a real science : the study of mass mind control . 
  that 's because there was no game theory and behavioural psychology around in jesus or mohammed 's times so that when they designed their religions , they could 've included a system for escaping it through testable rational means . 
  this way you can keep the simpler elements of society from killing and raping each other all day , while preventing dogma from destroying creativity and free thought for those who could enjoy these things . 
  surely if you want to design the best religion for achieving this , you have to look back , dissect and analyze what previous religions did wrong , and correct , improve and expand . 
  of course you can take it metaphorically , look at catholicism or even ironically orthodoxy . 
  you can take the unchanged text metaphorically , therefore changing its meaning without altering a single letter . 
  this way , the command to be taken literally may not be taken literally , defeating its insidious dogma once and for all . 
  christianity did this , but it 'll take a few neoislamic ecumenical synods to standardise the interpretations . 
  oh i 'm not saying it happened in catalonia 's case , i was just pointing out that historically , not even mainlands were immune from colonisation . 
  mainland russia got bent over and colonised . 
  hell , ask louis ck about certain populations that find themselves in transylvania . 
  i think there used to be old prussians around at some point too . 
  what if i have a slightly above-minimal idea of those things and still hold that opinion ? 
  are you trying to imply that coming to a pro-defense conclusion is wrong altogether ? 
  [ here 's a good example for your point !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/8f/boston_celtics.svg/1024px-boston_celtics.svg.png ), 
  yeah but who defines the classes ? 
  what are the most relevant factors in slave-holding countries when it comes to comparing them ? 
  most countries allowed slavery in the last couple of centuries , but slaves were n't equally common in all these countries . 
  it 's much easier to abolish slavery when it does n't have a big impact on your economy or culture . 
  our principalities had plenty of gypsies to enslave , while the same ca n't be said for most of europe . 
  just compare the dates of abolition in mainland european empires to their respective colonial abolition dates . 
  * portugal : 1761 - colonial 1869 * france : 1794 ( reversed by napoleon 8 years later ) - colonial 1899 * spain : 1811 - colonial 1886 * belgium : 1831 ( i assume it was outlawed from the get go in their constitution ) - colonial 1890 * england : 1772 - colonial 1834 what you 'll notice is the main relevant difference between the enlightened lawmakers in europe and the same enlightened lawmakers in colonies is that there were a lot more slaves in the colonies and they were a lot more vital to local economies ( read : local lords ) . 
  it 's the same principle in our lands : the main enemies of abolition are slaveholders , more slaves mean more slaveholders , therefore having more slaveholders tends to push back abolition dates . 
  can confirm , transylvanians and southerners say it like io pretty often , but the more north-east you go , the more you hear ieu . 
  you guys sure love those ie sounds . 
  it seems pretty clever , though , to showcase the two ` extremes ' of what architects can do - from older romanian styles to the modern glass prisons . 
  crowley and brzezinski are a start , but they do n't tell they whole story . 
  read through plato 's * republic * , marcus aurelius ' * meditations * ( extra relevant since he was roman emperor - all the wealth and power you could ever aspire to at the time ) , john rawls ' * a theory of justice * and iain king 's mouthful of a work , * how to make good decisions and be right all the time * . 
  this should give you a clearer idea of the importance of justice and virtuous action . 
  next read machiavelli 's * the prince * , hobbes ' * leviathan * and nozick 's * anarchy , state , and utopia * . 
  this 'll give you a more comprehensive view of the advantages of subjugating society under a benevolent invisible hand till it can thrive on its own . 
  next read dawkins ' * the selfish gene * and nozick 's * the nature of rationality * for some insights on the purpose and advantages of altruism for the social system . 
  this way you wo n't be wasting your life hoarding resources . 
  your descendants will also probably thank you somewhere down the line . 
   `` my goat died , i hope the neighbor 's goat dies too , so they have it as bad as i do ! '', 
  this phrase began ringing in my head as soon as i started seeing my butthurt countrymen whatabout their way out of feeling sympathy for a populace that 's about to go through economic hell . 
  no empathy from us despite going through the same shit within living memory . 
  since we do n't have a national motto anymore , might as well change it to * s\u0103 moar\u0103 capra vecinului . 
  iirc , those people did n't diversify their savings and put all their 100 000 + $ into one account . 
  if you had 1 million $ spread over 10 bank accounts , you 'd 've been unaffected . 
  i think it was epictetus that said that if you can laugh at yourself , you 'll never run out of things to laugh at . 
  rom = republic of macedonia, 
  good choice . 
  i 'm pretty pro-unification , but lem me just play devil 's advocate with you for a moment :  can people like you , for one second , have one inch of empathy instead of spewing their self-serving , wannabe - `` rational '' rhetoric ? 
  you 're assuming it 's self-serving . 
  perhaps i do n't want my neighbours to suffer for 20 years because of a potentially poorly-informed choice . 
  let 's be real here , there 's no going back once the unification train starts rolling and you want off this wild ride . 
  i think there 's no reason we could n't impose eu-style conditions on a union , basically set certain requirements that moldova would have to meet before being allowed to join , and offer as many guidelines and expertise as we could in good faith . 
  this would be a win-win , as moldovans would develop a `` the secret was inside us all along ! '', 
  mentality and a feeling of having earned unification instead of being a damsel country in distress , and of course the economic burden on romanian taxpayers would be kept minimal . 
  in my opinion , a truly rational approach would to weigh the altruistic and selfish motivations at play here and plan to maximise happiness and satisfaction over a longer period of time , instead of throwing our wallets over the prut and hoping it 'll work out . 
   the racism against moldavians within romania ( and beyond the prute ) is getting pretty ridiculous , especially considering it 's mostly spat out by comfortable , privileged hipsters from bucharest/transylvania who just had the luck to be born somewhere with more infrastructure . 
  by that same token , would n't the ones born into good infrastructure know better about what 's best for maintaining it ? 
  and would n't they have a better understanding of its value and what 's at stake by losing it than the ones born far away in poorer areas ? 
  here 's an analogy : if you were to ask a nicaraguan farming village or silicon valley which was more important , bountiful harvests or the internet , you would get different answers . 
  and it 's no mystery why . 
  here 's another , perhaps better analogy : i live with 2 other flatmates , and one of them is a total germaphobe . 
  i have a friend who lives in a shithole , and i know he would be happier living with us , and i know we have enough room . 
  however , my friend has lived so long in filth that he does n't care much about it or notice it . 
  me and my flatmates bring it to a vote , the germaphobe votes against and the other flatmate votes in favour . 
  the tiebreaker vote is mine , and now i am left with the choice of privileging my current flatmate 's happiness , even though i know my friend is miserable where he lives , or i could privilege my friend 's happiness , even though i know my germaphobe flatmate would absolutely hate living with my friend . 
  there 's no right or wrong choice , but the way you attacked the original poster as if he * must 've * made the wrong choice did n't sit well with me . 
   moldavians are , by all ethno-cultural and even judicial norms , ethnic romanians , and the fact they are not romanian citizens is a soviet anomaly that has to , and will be corrected sooner or later . 
  this is very dangerous thinking . 
  ask yourself why many russians are in favour of pan-slavism and you 'll find the answer to be eerily similar . 
   why do you have to think in solely selfish materialistic terms when you see so much will for unification ? 
  it 's easy to get jaded when you see super-religious , regressive hyper nationalists touting about unification . 
  but just because they 're wrong on many issues , does n't automatically mean they 're wrong on this one . 
  we agree that even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  but what if our clock is the broken one ? 
  would n't we need to use rational means to find the correct time then ? 
   think of how much progress millions of romanians would undergo by being part of the eu and nato . 
  and maybe , heck , even have a tiny bit of peaceful national pride . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that despite what a postmodern circlejerk like reddit would have you believe . 
  a crux in this argument is that maybe i did think of all that , and * still * decided to vote against it .
