  edit : i have deleted this comment accidentally . 
  good luck with that . 
  dangerous for the world . 
  especially if it is in hands of a kid like kim jong un . 
  since when the sun started to rise from east and dawn from west . 
  same for basques , catalans , kurds , northern irish , etc. 
  it could be hilarious and absurd if catalans ask for independence in bilbao or madrid . 
  you are welcome . 
  it was fun to discuss . 
  i have heard some separatist movements like sandzak and some of hungarians . 
  but i still do n't think independence thought is opinion of majority in the region . 
  because an independence movement of serbs in the region will weaken the vojvodina . 
  when people start to call themselves `` i am a vojvodinian '' instead of serb in region , vojvodina will ask ( fight ? ), 
  for independence . 
  i am sure it wo n't happen though . 
  very low ... to get independence for a region , you will need an ethnic majority and that majority should be another race . 
  vojvodina is already a location of serbs ( 80 % of population ) and i do n't think that they will want to claim independence . 
  serbs are use to be patriotic people . 
  they wo n't want to break relations with their motherland . 
  there are also hungarians living in vojvodina but they are not many . 
  just 15 % of population . 
  i think independence thoughts are generally coming from other ethnic groups in the area . 
  ( not sure though , just a guess ) ba\u010d is a place with many ethnic minority . 
  there can be independence thoughts there but i do n't think that will happen . 
  vojvodina 's current position is not like other countries which has claimed independence against yugoslavia . 
  good thing he is losing supporters . 
  i do n't know when will we get rid of him though . 
   turks change their mind in politics when economics get worse . 
  and it is getting worse . 
  ( erdogan has been already elected after an economic crisis in 2001 ) poverty threshold is 5000 tl ( monthly ) , hunger threshold is 1500 tl ( monthly ) in turkey now and minimum monthly salary is 1400 tl . 
  i think some of my opinions are just thoughts of some percentage of turkish people . 
  i do n't think my answer is valid for whole muslim world since we have very different views with arabs . 
  eu and rest of european countries are important allies of us . 
  current politicians are damaging our relations seriously with their xenophobic politics at the moment . 
  it damages reputation of my country more than religious incidents . 
  somehow i believe that it will be fixed some time later . 
  we believe that we will have just that alliance for economical interests , tourism , etc. 
  eu & turkey will never have strong relations ( like relations between eu countries ) honestly we do n't care about what other people think about our reputation in the world . 
  especially if it is about religion . 
  we know these incidents you have told are not relevant with our religion . 
  if you think otherwise , we have nothing to do with it . 
  we do n't intent on demonstrate ourselves for recovering reputation or regaining something . 
  because well-educated people already know there is nothing with islam in terrorist attacks . 
  we have nothing to do with ignorants . 
  you can tell anything to an ignorant , provide any proof him but he will just believe what he want to believe . 
  i believe european & islamic countries already lost reputation for each other when they have started to fight ages ago . 
  hrm ... travelling alone in bucharest with female butts ... 
  i have heard females who have gone bucharest alone could never turn back . 
  yes . 
  they are trying to create some enemies for gathering more supporters . 
  that 's what they were trying to do against netherlands too . 
  they have done something similar to germany and some other countries . 
  when they strike to russian plane ( before election ) , they ( erdogan 's party ) have told `` we ordered it '' , a few months later they told ( after election ) `` gulenists have done that '' . 
  people who are living in central & eastern anatolia loves bullies . 
  in meeting they tell people `` we have enemies at abroad . 
  netherlands is against us !, 
  russia is against us !, 
  usa is against us !, 
  germany is against us !, 
  we stand tall against them . 
  etc. '', 
  and they get the support of people . 
  somehow this remind me something : https://youtu.be/gga3s1thhuo?t=45s, 
  we generally watch engineering vehicles not police chases . 
  :d not kidding . 
  that 's the sick of the whole country . 
  i do n't know if it is same company but there are some reviews on amazon for some of their products : https://www.amazon.co.uk/s?me=a46o0qw4cdi4u, 
  lithuanian beer is making this world a better place . 
  i have met with a serbian in airport in istanbul about 15 years ago while i was waiting my friend . 
  i can not recall what we were talking about but i can remember a sentence that he told me `` we do n't like anyone because no one like us '' . 
  then we became friends though . 
  we are still calling each other at times . 
  lol . 
  he was surprised that i am still alive after incidents that happened in turkey . 
  still more than andorra :p have a good night , 
  lol . 
  actually it is 3 % means 2.1 + million people, 
  more than andorra :p, 
  thank you for praises but i am sorry bro , i am already married . 
  may be in my next life . 
  there are many atheists living in turkey . 
  you can find some . 
  somehow this amused me . 
  is there anything else other than we can easily amused ? 
  rumi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sewjm-rphne, 
  the answer of your question is `` we are not european '' but yes , we are in europe . 
  you have ( your govs ) already accepted that turkey is a european country with some international agreements and treaty . 
  you should n't blame us for that . 
  ask your governments and diplomats . 
  we are not also middle eastern nor a middle east country nor we have strong relations with a middle east country . 
  actually eu countries have better relations with arab countries than turkey . 
  believe me you can even hardly find 10000 turks who wants to get closer to middle east and arabs . 
  you mentioned about 40 million here :d nowadays i see too much complaints about turkey `` why turkey is in nato , kick them out '' , `` we do n't want turkey in eu '' , etc. 
  you even came this subreddit and post something rubbish and ask `` turks are muslim , they are middle easterns , kick turkey out of / reurope '' with your illiterate brain . 
  i would also want to mention about these a little bit . 
  firstly i would like you to know ... 
  if you think that turkish people are very religious , you fail about that . 
  because always arabs complain about us that we are not living with a real islam culture . 
  actually they complain about we do not look like arabs and we do n't live like them . 
  i have argued about that with a saudi face to face .
