  it 's very hard to figure out that in that way . 
  i do n't know if i recall right by dna studies turkish people are almost 24 % mediterranean . 
  since huns moved to europe before turks , that will be impossible find out that from hungarian 's dna . 
  the other problem is finding difference between turkic/mongolian tribes very hard . 
  both tribes had similar body forms , same culture , they were believe in same god , they were keep making alliance , they were marrying each other , they had similar languages , etc. 
  actually historians and philologists think that there are only two possibilities , they are mongolians or turkic . 
  it is not certain though . 
  german historians thesis are generally based on turkic possibilities . 
  ( asian historians also thinking that they were turkic . ), 
  i do n't know why but i like this word . 
  :d i was interested with history of czech people but i had no chance to work on that . 
   huns are another turkic tribe . 
  we were really quite troublemakers . 
  the only thing i know about texas : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iyjgmygiag, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pths71w13ps the child who sells water on the road . 
  it was a bank advertise . 
  darth vader - akp ( erdogan 's party ) i know i know ... 
  he is even too good for them . 
  some parts of eastern europe with entire balkans , caucasia , north africa , all arab peninsula , northern part of iran . 
  this is not a political issue though . 
  [ modu chanyu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modu_chanyu ) ( aka mete han ), 
  i wo n't let anyone else to do this . 
  it is the thing i always wanted to do ... * coughes * my answer : because of invader , barbarian , ruthless ( all bad adjectives here ) turks . 
  they have invaded slovakia and slovakians have really bad memories about them . 
  slovakians had very hard times with islam . 
  north america : canada central america : panama south america : chile europe : sealand africa : tanzania asia : cambodia oceania : fiji, 
  turkey : $ 2.60 i prefer big king xxl menu though :p, 
  yes , i already thought it is the reason . 
  actually the thing i do n't know was ireland is very related with celtic despite of i know many celtic supporters there . 
  i was thinking like , there are not any good team in ireland and they support celtic . 
  lol :d i always had sympathy to celtic because they had henrik larsson . 
  interesting . 
  hrm ... 
  but i think i know the reason . 
  yeah i just figured that after you told me . 
  hehe . 
  btw i have n't seen any irish who is supporting rangers though ... 
  there are some ? 
  drogheda united have some supporters here . 
  no the guy who have beaten all shopkeepers . 
  many of us were already hating those shoopkeepers . 
  ( they use to be bullies ) after irish guy beat them all , he became our second national hero after than ataturk . 
  thanks . 
  agreed , i think the most expensive country of europe . 
  need a good budget for having a holiday there . 
  we make food for others after 40 days later of the death . 
  the food is generally a kind of dessert or rice . 
  when my wife gave birth , we had many foods from neighbours though  they do the same at surgery . 
  we have good neighbour relations . 
  we have just orange version . 
  i love it much but i generally prefer schweppes though . 
  blue colored fanta is blueberry . 
  we do n't have it in turkey yet . 
  i believe a person with normal intelligence standards should be more creative than this . 
  and i understand that . 
  it is not my point ... actually blaming turks for ottomans behaviour does n't make any sense to me . 
  there are several reasons of that . 
  i will edit this tomorrow may be ... 
  it is too long to tell . 
  but i still do understand when people tell `` i hate turks '' . 
  i do n't blame anyone for that . 
  my point is using the `` turk '' name bad in every subject if you can . 
  even out of subject . 
  i am not very nationalist really but it 's getting boring anymore and it is becoming cliche . 
  1 - ) almost all of you call `` turkey is not european '' country . 
  as you wish . 
  it is not . 
  so why do you use name of `` turkey '' in this subject ? 
  is it european country or not ? 
  if not , can you explain me why do you make turkey a current issue ? 
  2 - ) this subject is about leftovers from world war 2 or the cold war . 
  can you tell me when did turkey join to ww2 and when did we fight against slovenia in ww2 ? 
  what did we do against slovenia in cold war ? 
  3 - ) is n't it a double standard to mention about turkey like an european country in subjects which is about enmity but doing the otherwise at other subjects . 
  i seek for three facts in locations before i travelling . 
  these are architecture , history , sea . 
  i do n't think everyone will agree this but the history of locations makes me more excited than anything else . 
  this is what i understand from adventure in tourism but it 's only self opinion of mine . 
  shortly : palermo , naples and rome have these facts strongly . 
  ancient empires and kingdoms located in these cities . 
  there are many historical locations and lots of stories . 
  i would certainly want to visit messina if i ever been in palermo . 
  copenhagen & stockholm are also historical locations . 
  if someone asks me a place that you can relax in europe , scandinavia or switzerland come to my mind . 
  i like architecture of buildings on these both cities . 
  if you are also seeking for romance things will change though . 
  then i would prefer what julably 's told . 
  paris & barcelona  i do n't mean these cities have only these facts . 
  almost every cities of europe have a deep history and different beauties . 
  however these options have attracted me in the first look . 
  have a good trip . 
  oh i was kidding . 
  hehe . 
  do n't ever go there . 
  well , from the options i would pick : copenhagen -  stockholm or palermo -  naples  rome, 
  if you want to have adventure and see odd things , i recommend southeastern part of turkey . 
  guranteed adventure , very different culture and odd stuffs there . 
  i do n't know if you can relax there though . 
  actually i did n't do anything but have an interesting story about that . 
  he was a german and i was soldier at troops of guardsman of presidency .
