  about 20 + million people living behind/close of hunger threshold in turkey . 
  turkey is going to be serious economic problem of europe . 
  when you think that 80 million + 10 million syrian population here , yeah it will be a huge economical problem . 
  this will also effect turkey 's economics because eu requires serious developments from participants before the joining . 
  ( especially from turkey . ), 
  can we do it ? 
  i do n't think that we can do it next 100 years . 
  if turkey joins eu , there will be a serious migration to european countries from turkey because of unemployment in the country . 
  many people who supports to joining eu idea think that there will be a good job opportunity for them in europe and they will live somewhere like paradise . 
  i guess almost 15 million people ( actually more than that ) will try to emigrate to europe , if turkey ever join to eu . 
  most of these people will be uneducated and non-skilled workers . 
  believe me most of them wo n't even know english but they will go abroad ... well , we faced with syrian refugee problem in recent years . 
  we want them to turn back their countries as soon as possible after the war ends . 
  it is because arab culture is very different with ours and we complain that they are uneducated and non-skilled . . 
  while we are thinking like that it will be double standard if we want turkey to join europe . 
  security is another serious issue ... turkey 's terror problem will never end ( not mentioning about the religious one ) . 
  the terror causing turkey to spend serious amount of cash . 
  that is also important barrier against development of turkey . 
  if i was a eu citizen , i would n't want a country in the union which is fighting against terrorism for years . 
  because terror can also effect my country and other union countries with freedom of movement , politics , etc. 
  terrorists can easily come in and go out from south eastern border of turkey . 
  why except turkey ? 
  i am also against turkey 's joining to eu . 
  however i would like to know reason of that though ... 
  it is about religion or politics or turkish people or cultural ? 
  you can not spell * turkey * without * turkey * . 
  now i have enlightened about an energy issue about the past . 
  you know i was living in thrace , very next to bulgarian border . 
  we were importing energy from bulgaria to thrace in about ... may be 20 years ago ... not sure ... 
  i have heard it 's stopped after some time bulgaria joined eu . 
  i have thought trade politics of bulgaria has changed after they joined union . 
  it seems the situation was quite different . 
   there was no referendum in my county if we want nato/eu i understand your point in this word well . 
  i do n't know about nato but almost 70 percent of turkey does n't also want to join eu . 
  however our politicians do n't give a fuck about that and go on to run after join eu . 
  however i do n't understand why do you feel you are invaded though . 
  joining eu effected your economy or culture ? 
  where is your country ? 
  eu or europe ? 
  if cyprus was n't an eu member , i could agree . 
  berlin has one ... 
  but can not remember its name . 
  i am sure one of german friends can though . 
  oh yeah , they do n't . 
  i just asked a friend . 
  hehe . 
  i have heard italians are using horse dick for swear/insult too . 
  til : according to islam , if a muslim woman marry someone outside of her religion , she is no longer muslim . 
  their whole relation is going to be fornication . 
  i do n't know the reason of that . 
  since muslim men allowed to marry outside their religion . 
  when someone tell me about belarus i just recall my neighbour and his mysterious belarusian love . 
  he was 70 years old retired colonel . 
  retired colonels are famous in turkey with being idle and seeking for adventures . 
  he has met a belarusian girl on internet . 
  he was keep knocking my door while he was talking her on msn messenger since he did n't know english . 
  ( he knew german instead ) so i was talking to girl instead of him . 
  he was keep nudging me and say `` what 's she saying ?!, 
  what 's she saying ?! '' . 
  one day he sent a gold necklace to girl and we did n't hear from girl again . 
  he has even bought tickets for go to minsk . 
  : / things we do for love ... :d, 
  i just understand the last sentence from the whole story . 
  at yarra\u011f\u0131 = horse dick ( aka at kafas\u0131 = horse head ), 
  well , we could n't win world cup but this is celebration after turkey got 3rd position in 2002 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7zit3jv7d0, 
  * highfive *, 
  ah , thank you for the info . 
  domzale and koper are nice locations . 
  where are you from , if you do n't mind ? 
  there is no white nationalism . 
  there is not a white as a nation . 
  there is only white racism . 
  white nationalism idea has been came from those who could n't identify themselves with a nation . 
  like americans and australians . 
  i do n't agree the idea though since it does n't make any sense to me . 
  i do n't think refugees are americans concern . 
  because europeans are facing the refugee problem at the moment . 
  this is not a common concern of americans and europeans . 
  otherwise i would agree about that . 
  americans are already accepting a hundred of thousands of asians , arabs , africans their country every year legally . 
  why are you concerning about europe ?!, 
  :d i believe americans should worry about themselves first . 
  [ hrant dink ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_of_hrant_dink ), 
  i go italy very often because of business . 
  we import leathers and export leather products there and i visit there for multiple fairs . 
  i was sad because there is not archaeology in cities where i have interested . 
  especially i love messina , when i go there i feel like i am in turkey . 
  the new is here : https://onedio.com/haber/ciktigina-pisman-ettik-2700-yillik-stel-plastik-firca-ile-araba-yikar-gibi-temizlendi-769577 shortly they damage the artifact with the crane and then they cleared the artifact with plastic broom . 
  i will try find other tragicomic incidents . 
  i know there are many examples of that . 
  yeah i have heard of it about 2-3 days ago i think . 
  the full version of mosaic art ( that you have shown in the picture ) is very nice . 
  thank you very much . 
  thank you very much . 
  thank you very much for the list . 
  was quite informative . 
  we generally find historical artifacts after we crush them hard with cranes in turkey . 
  haha . 
  thank you very much . 
  to be honest i am very confused with universities in uk .
