  it was easier to find some better universities at other countries . 
  however uk universities are very close in quality . 
  i hope you wo n't laugh at me but we liked university of leicester . 
  ( also birmingham . 
  thanks to hailthegoblinqueen ) we do n't know how good it is and could n't find many info about leicester . 
  can you please tell me your opinion about leicester ? 
  thank you for the information . 
  i have n't heard about that institute before despite of i am also very interested with archaeology science & news . 
  if you do n't mind , i have another question , cifa is needed everywhere in the world or for those who are working in uk ? 
  it seems birmingham is very charming . 
  thank you very much , we have heard about uppsala and lund from various resources . 
  i think lund has only master degree though and we are not eligible for it since they require a bachelor degree from archaeology ( we just studied history , tr language and economics ) . 
  uppsala is really a good option . 
  i heard they both ( uppsala & lund ) are funding researches & studies very high . 
  i really envy swedish universities . 
  thank you . 
  we feel same for those whoever supports secular stance of turkey . 
  does n't matter which religion they follow , which nation they belong , which language they speak . 
  yeah and i missed that times . 
  turkey is not in europe - . -, 
  japanese cars very popular here . 
  however i prefer to use hyundai ( korean ) for going to my garden and rural areas . 
  i prefer european cars for long distance . 
  i think i will use volvo forever ... 
  i am really big fan of it . 
  nah , she is daenerys . 
  erdo was n't president or prime minister when we were using these moneys though . 
  oh yes . 
  haha . 
  i think he meant scandinavian countries . 
  embassy web pages already give too many information on immigration . 
  just check one of eu countries embassy website . 
  he is mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk . 
  breaker of chains , father of turks and conqueror of anatolia . 
  domalan village in turkey : domalan means something like `` had position in doggy style '', 
  i like the blue one . 
  albania, 
  neutral , 
  bulgaria : i love them macedonia : i love them greece : i love them serbia : i love them montenegro : i love them bosnia and herzegovina : i love them croatia : i love them kosovo : i love them romania : i love them moldova : i love them polond : i love them ukraine : i love them hungary : i love them slovakia : i love them albania : i love them georgia : i love them azerbaijan : i love them a part of russia : i love them iraq : i love them syria : i love them jordan : i love them israel : i love them lebanon : i love them palestine : i love them kuwait : i love them saudi arabia : i love them qatar : i love them bahrain : i love them yemen : i love them oman : i love them west iran : i love them cyprus : i love them egypt : i love them libya : i love them algeria : i love them tunisia : i love them sudan : i love them eritrea : i love them djibouti : i love them somali : i love them morocco : i love them east ethiopia : i love them niger : i love them chad : i love them kenya : i love them uganda : i love them armenia :, 
  clarification : western countries did n't involve to yemen much but only saudis . 
  may be usa a few times but it was a few attacks which was n't change things in the region . 
  while usa has bombarded syria 12.000 times , it was only 32 times for yemen . 
  opinion : if you do n't have any important mineral reserve or if you do n't have any geopolitical importance , european countries ( nor usa ) wo n't involve about freedom of african countries . 
  as same as they do n't care much about yemen . 
  and saudis do n't involve the yemen war because of bringing freedom to yemen . 
  it is because they do n't want iran & shias in the region . 
  usa did n't bring peace to iraq , they divided to whole country , use their oil reserves , brought a chaos instead , etc. 
  they have also attacked to afghanistan for not to bring peace . 
  afghanistan will be an important base for them near china and there is an important amount of gas and oil reserve there . 
  self opinion : every citizens of countries should be responsible with their own faith . 
  this is how african countries find the freedom and their own peace . 
  no one will give freedom to african countries without a benefit and it wo n't be a real peace . 
  i have heard that some libyans are even hanker for qaddafi nowadays . 
  according to statistics of a turkish foundation , 25 percent of turkish population is using guns , however only 2,5 % of population are using guns legally . 
  i do n't think i need guns though . 
  they are not exist anymore since police has made serial of operations against them . 
  well , some of them were attacking people . 
  i ca n't recall well but i think they have also murdered a few people . 
  according to my memory they have sacrificed those people to satan and they were girls . 
  some of them were also murdering cats and drinking their blood in the ceremonials of them . 
  a few couples have suicide and they were thinking that they will meet in hell and satan will protect them against fire . 
  yeah ... 
  such foul things . 
  i agree . 
  we call miller as women 's drink in turkey . 
  because a real man should drink a bitter drink like efes pilsen ( it is very windy ) and should break wind whole night . 
  [ two seater version of this . 
  there are some wrong info in your reply . 
  turkish influenced persian culture only 11th and 12th centuries . 
  however they were only residents of turkish chamber . 
  ( only rulers and their family ) but people did n't ... 
  otherwise we could be shia at the moment . 
  you compared turkish people with lebanese ( may be because they have similar politic stand ? ), 
  but it was another thing wrong ... 
  there are too much difference between arab ( also persian ) culture at the moment and in the past . 
  turkey is not a me country nor european . 
  turkey is turkey . 
  i do n't know other but there are many rumours about location of turkey . 
  it is said `` it is in middle east '' , some other tells it is in `` asia '' , some tells `` no , it 's in mena '' , some tells `` it is in europe '' and some other tells `` it is in west asia '' , some people also says `` it is just a bridge in a random place '' and another some other tells `` it is in arabia '' . 
  we are just everywhere bro ... 
  now we added west asia to the least . 
  i recommend saint-petersburg state university for mathematics . 
  swiss scientists are popular here because of product ads on tv . 
  `` confirmed by swiss scientists ! '', 
  the trouble with usa is that it is full of muricans . 
  my wife does n't know english ... is it grounds for divorce ? 
  * chins thoughtfully *, 
  this is not turkish but this is what [ laz people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laz_people ) 's song in turkey & georgia . 
  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk2lh9eo7ks, 
  fighting for freedom does n't explains who was right for massacres . 
  things you have told does n't make any sense or trying to manipulate the subject which we were talking about . 
  i am done with this subject though . 
  hehe . 
  no you did n't . 
  tips were even very common in those years , it was my own ignorance . 
  it 's an actual model in picture , may be that 's why . 
  lot 's of lights around the house already . 
  i have been worked as waiter in a cafe & bar while i was student in university about 17 years ago . 
  i needed cash for my studies and it was my first job . 
  i have grown up in a very little town and there were n't even cafes there .
