  however men like erdogan damages the reputation of my country more than isis . 
  there are lots of things he has done really ... 
  threatening countries with refugees , bargain with europeans on people lives , violated human rights , his own men ( once ) made the coup and caused death of many lives , threatened countries with things which he can not do , made usa & russia enemy in the same time , etc. 
  ( there is not such a country in the world where can get enemy to russia & usa in the same time ) . 
  not ethic at all and i am sad for this incidents . 
  i do n't think erdogan is a threat for tourists though . 
  hehe . 
  was just kidding :d agreed with your opinion though . 
  well , i am muslim and i live in a muslim country . 
  since being fair i will let others to answer your first question . 
  if i answer it , i think it will be one sided . 
  i do n't know if you guys count turkey in asia or europe : / these european guys are trying to palm us off to asia - . - and asians are saying that we are european . 
  i recommend you to visit turkey & egypt . 
  i do n't think iraq is very safe to go though . 
  if you ever visit turkey , when you need help tell someone ( who knows english ) that you are korean . 
  you will get lots of helps , tea/coffee/launch / breakfast offers and such . 
  there are many ancient ruins , things about seljuks , ottoman empire , oddities like cappadocia in turkey . 
  there are more than that of course . 
  https://www.quora.com/what-do-turks-and-koreans-think-of-each-other https://www.quora.com/why-are-koreans-so-fond-of-turkish-people, 
  lol . 
  kebab will work . 
  haha, 
  oh hehe  like it . 
  firstly heard of it , should make one for my self . 
  however i do n't think turks will understand that . 
  : / oh well , i am already weird enough for most of my friends :p we are at close ages . 
  i think 80s guys are easily amused :d, 
  lol . 
  i do n't know what is that . 
  i hope it is something tasty :p, 
  know the feeling . 
  i was town football team 's goalkeeper when i was 17 . 
  in a match , 5 gypsies ( opposite side 's supporters ) came back after goal/me and they threatened me several times with cutting my throat after match if i do n't concede goal . 
  i have conceded 7 goals in that match . 
  nothing happened in the end but i retired football . 
  ellan vannin ( i know only english version . ), 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3o6gv64wsm somehow this song reminds me times i have been in army . 
  hahaha !, 
  well , there were many people who has believed it though . 
  when i see something about tetris , it still comes to my mind . 
  well , one of interesting one was `` tetris is a russian game '' legend . 
  it 's the legend from times when tetris was quite popular . 
  according to legend tetris was actually a game which praises to russia with cryptology . 
  if you play it for a long time , it will brainwash you and you will be servant of ussr . 
  another one is about secret formula of coca cola . 
  according to legend , there are only two people know about secret formula of coca cola and they are not allowed to plane trip by the company . 
  because if there is a plane crash , formula will disappear forever . 
  i am not trying to prove you something though . 
  i am showing you an example about anti-thesis . 
  i do n't think haplogroup g is that rare in hungarians ( 8 percent i believe ) though while it is 11 percent in turkish . 
  8 percent is not very little in probability . 
  `` a y-chromosomal comparison of the madjars ( kazakhstan ) and the magyars ( hungary ) . '', 
  american journal of physical anthropology 139:3 ( july 2009 ) : pages 305-310 . 
  some of the lineages within y-dna haplogroup g are shared between the madjar people of kazakhstan and the magyar people of hungary . 
  ( mirror ) abstract :  `` the madjars are a previously unstudied population from kazakhstan who practice a form of local exogamy in which wives are brought in from neighboring tribes , but husbands are not , so the paternal lineages remain genetically isolated within the population . 
  their name bears a striking resemblance to the magyars who have inhabited hungary for over a millennium , but whose previous history is poorly understood . 
  we have now carried out a genetic analysis of the population structure and relationships of the madjars , and in particular have sought to test whether or not they show a genetic link with the magyars . 
  we concentrated on paternal lineages because of their isolation within the madjars and sampled males representing all extant male lineages unrelated for more than eight generations ( n = 45 ) in the torgay area of kazakhstan . 
  the madjars show evidence of extensive genetic drift , with 24/45 carrying the same 12-str haplotype within haplogroup g. genetic distances based on haplogroup frequencies were used to compare the madjars with 37 other populations and showed that they were closest to the hungarian population rather than their geographical neighbors . 
  although this finding could result from chance , it is striking and suggests that there could have been genetic contact between the ancestors of the madjars and magyars , and thus that modern hungarians may trace their ancestry to central asia , instead of the eastern uralic region as previously thought . '', 
  i also studied history bro . 
  i want to meet your lecturers and want to slap them with large history books now . 
   besides if we will mention about traces in dna here , there are central asian traces in hungarian dna in dna analysis  well i am done with subject here since it is getting boring . 
  as a colleague of yours , i recommend you to be not to comment certain about things which is not proven strongly . 
  1 - ) if you had authority to talk about that , you never talk about that certain . 
  historians do that , bro . 
  they suspicious everything if there are too much anti-thesis about a subject . 
  so with today 's dna analysis turkish people are mediterranean . 
  hehe, 
  i did n't say you can not find hunic dna in hungarians . 
  i have told it 's impossible to call that they are completely huns with dna analysis since huns were existing ages ago . 
  1 - ) you do n't have enough authority do make a judgement like that while many historians thinks that hungarians ancestors are huns ( especially some hungarian philologist and historians included this group . ), 
  and while there are still researches about that . 
  as i have told you , you can not prove things with today 's dna analysis . 
  2 - ) section 1 is here . 
  1 - ) i do n't know if you have read the whole subject but we were talking about origins of huns . 
  :d not current ethnics of magyars or turks . 
  2 - ) gerrit8500 asked if huns origin can be found with hungarian dna and i already told him it is impossible . 
  however you told it 's uralic . 
  so you also called `` huns '' as uralic which does not make any sense . 
  hahaha . 
  :d nice find out ... 
  hahaha . 
  :d nice find out ... 
  i am already talking about origins here not current ethnics . 
  it is already known that hungarians are uralic since 1885 ( or 95 ? ) . 
  no need dna for that . 
  by the way it is already known that current hugarians are uralic since 1885 . 
  it is not something new , 
  yeah , i already meant about their ancient origins at all in this discussion . 
  i am not discussing about their current ethnics . 
  so according to dna analysis turks are mediterranean . 
  look at above for find something relevant . 
  it is just the example of course . 
  they both are very different cultures . 
  however this is an example of how dna changes . 
  hungary did n't but huns ? 
  because when turkic and mongol tribes capture an enemy tribe , they add their people into their army . 
  and common thought about huns that they have mixed with uralic tribes . 
  some of my friends from hungary were n't thinking like this though .
