yes , i have been there too and gjikorester ? 
  they both were very beautiful . 
  should n't ... 
  almost 68 percent ( 9 percent do n't have an idea ) of population do n't want to join eu but our politicians are still running after eu . 
  erdogan is using eu politics for increasing xenophobia in the country and getting more supporters with that . 
  ( that was what he has done against holland and germany before elections recently ) turkey is located europe . 
  ( or somewhere like that . 
  i am not even sure where is that anymore . 
  so many rumours . 
  some people tell it 's in asia . 
  some tell it 's in mena , some tell it 's in europe , some tell it 's in middle east , some tells it 's just a bridge ... 
  but we are not european and we wo n't be ... 
  neither we will be an arab country . 
  there is a serious culture difference between european countries and turkey . 
  if eu accepts turkey to union , there will be a serious immigration from turkey to europe and that will change demographics of countries . 
  many of us do n't want syrians in turkey with similar reasons . 
  vlore was quite nice place and i also like kruje much . 
  there are many nice cities like that . 
  i did n't like tirana much though . 
  i do n't know why tourism has n't developed in albania . 
  there is a great potential of the country . 
  the problem is 68 percent of turkey population ( 9 percent has no idea ) do n't already want to join eu ( and stop negotiations with eu ) with 2016 statistics . 
  erdogan 's men do n't know what they want really . 
  edit : actually they do ... 
  they use eu membership issues for their xenophobic politics . 
  some albanians, 
  you need an umbrella . 
  pfft . 
  what 's your purpose with love them all ? 
  we owe them ... 
  if they were n't exist , we could n't be here ... or somewhere else . 
  yeah ... 
  written with fu ` lan prosody . 
  that makes sense now . 
  generally we do n't change arabic words that comes into turkish or only small changes . 
  however still turkish got it from french though . 
  this is the official webpage of turkish language association : http://www.tdk.gov.tr/index.php?option=com_gts&amp;kelime=ma%c4%9eaza, 
  a small clarification . 
  somehow i sensed that there is an opinion that turkish loanword in persian too much . 
  that 's wrong . 
  persian is only about 0,05 % in turkish . 
  arabic is 3 % and french is 3 % . 
  there is 500 greek words in turkish . 
  1 word from albanian . 
  30 words from slavic languages . 
  i believe there should be some romanian words but can not recall atm . 
  yeah , do n't poke the snake . 
  meydan is also originally arabic . 
  actually magaza or magasin or magatzem is in 100 % french origin and we got it from french language . 
  most of other countries too . 
  magaza is already is not a word which suits to arabic . 
  huge differences between east and west . 
  unfortunately turkish business men and politicians always invested western side of the country . 
  even before pkk terror has started . 
  actually this was one of reasons of the terror . 
  additionally people did n't want to work in east . 
  people couldnt find doctors in hospitals , there were no teachers at schools . 
  there were no water at some locations for years . 
  so the east regions remained undeveloped , uneducated and unhealthy . 
  we never want to admit it ourselves but we left them to face their own destiny without helping them . 
  now some people from west humiliate easteners ( most of them kurdish ppl ) with being uneducated and savage . 
  australia ? 
  i wanted but could n't . 
  i have been in perth . 
  then i understood i am not a type of person who can live in abroad . 
  i had many friends in melbourne with turkish and irish origin . 
  if i could move there may be things would be different . 
  in my opinion if you are skilled , australia was the best place i have seen for a foreigner though . 
  ( opportunities , jobs , freedom , lifestyle , social and friendly people ) they made me sing a song which i can not recall now . 
  lol . 
  i am , you are , we are australian ? 
  i have been in europe for only business . 
  agreed, 
  yes , they ( and the location ) is very famous in turkey and a good place for vacation . 
  hehe . 
  baklava then !, 
  you know i was kidding :d, 
  hehe . 
  thank you bunch  i already feel the same , 
  i already do n't like him and i thought it is not even worth to mention about him though . 
  they are not too much . 
  they have just a village in turkey . 
  yes i found a small information , i am still looking for it though . 
  according to turkish resource that i have found : kars ( a city in turkey ) has been captured by russian forces in those years . 
  a little estonian group have been forced to migrate to kars from prussia by russian forces and they have created a village for themselves there . 
  now it is called karaca\u00f6ren . 
  it seems i have met all people in the ethnic list of turkey but only one . 
  that group has surprised me . 
  i did n't even know they even exist in turkey : estonians . 
  yes ... no :p, 
  pfft . 
  i recommend you to try australia or nz nowadays instead of europe . 
  turkish : https://eksisozluk.com/ https://www.uludagsozluk.com/, 
  norway & sweden `` fjord & ice hotel tour '', 
  i do n't think turkey will ever have similar culture & economic values with europeans . 
  i am thinking good of both sides ( eu & turkey ) about that . 
  turkey is a large country which still pays back what ottomans have done in collapse age . 
  turkey 's industrialization is better than most of eu countries but it 's limited with some parts of turkey . 
  if you have seen differences between eastern and western parts of turkey , you could understand what i mean . 
  i believe a eu country 's rate of development should be similar for each part of the country .
