yes , let italy and spain sort it out for themselves . 
  well , i 'd rather have you dishonest then ... 
  english i left that out . 
  why , because i think that english is like the whore-language of the world . 
  simply everybody tries to speak it , and everybody is just plain horrible at it . 
  as long as they stick to writing , it goes well . 
  but as soon as they , french , german , dutch alike , open their mouth , it is a strange mix of own-language structure , imitated american accents and blunt disrespect . 
  horrible . 
  only when i hear some of the british , who speak with their classy british accent , i think : ' o my , english is a normal and respectable language . 
  and i am horrible at it . ', 
  it really depends on what i want to do . 
  if i want to swear , i think german is the best language . 
  if i want to sound arrogant , i prefer french . 
  if i want to sound romantic , i would like to speak spanish . 
  i like the hippitie-hop sound of swedish . 
  and my own language , dutch ? 
  that is about the harshest and most vile sounding language in the world . 
  this is a very poor representation of the facts in the netherlands . 
  the reason the coalition fell had little to do with brussels , wilders just needed a scapegoat . 
  and the strict ( 3 % ) rules were just that . 
  the reason the coalition fell ? 
  poor design to begin with . 
  the freedom party lacks experienced politicians , and was a ` tolerating ' partner in the coalition , without any ministers . 
  at any point , they could pull the plug . 
  and that is what they did . 
  result : unrest . 
  a lack of aestethics ? 
  i thought the dutch ( at least the men ) were among the best dressed in the world . 
  second only to the italian ... but i guess it is a matter of taste . 
  first question : do you have any skills which will help you make a living in europe ? 
  if you have valuable skills , people just might hire you - if you are allowed to work . 
  second : which languages do you speak ? 
  if you only speak english ... well ... a lot of europeans speak english , their native language , and maybe 1-2 more . 
  sure , you can come to europe , but will remain a tourist unless you speak the language . 
  third : depending on which part of europe you plan to move to : europe is expensive . 
  fourth : healthcare is almost everywhere cheaper than in the united states . 
  however , that does n't mean it is free . 
  if you plan to use healthcare , check your options . 
  fifth : chances are that you will be unable to escape your debt ... there are lot of treaties between europe and the us . 
  best : public transport . 
  cheese . 
  healthcare . 
  worst : rules/regulations/licenses . 
  housing prices . 
  populism in politics . 
  edit : what foreigners have a hard time understanding dutch tolerance . 
  yes , weed is legal - but few dutch actually use cannabis . 
  because we understand that we allow harmful substances in society , yet there is an individual responsibility that you should n't drink too much or blow too much . 
  well , they just are the biggest economically healthy country . 
  as a dutchman , i agree that the netherlands should be drawn as supporting europe as well . 
  but the dutch economy is less then a quarter of the german economy . 
  yes , they exaggerate the differences by playing with the axis . 
  true , in the netherlands it is common to have a 1.5-income household . 
  usually the man works 5 or 4 days , and the woman works 2-3 days . 
  in that way , the children only need 2 days of care out of home . 
  yes , i was just demonstrating the conservative way the dutch behave . 
  the discussion on lgbt in the netherlands is already on the other edge . 
  there is - as far as i can see - hardly any lgbt discrimination in the netherlands . 
  but there are people who are morally ( usually because of religion ) objected to gay marriage . 
  so , if they are a wedding official , they refuse to marry gay people . 
  marrying is quite the ceremony in the netherlands . 
  you do n't marry in the church , but at the town hall . 
  it is a state marriage , where you first get to know the official who is going to marry you , several weeks before the ceremony . 
  but the debate is whether you should be free to refuse to marry gay couples . 
  ( of course the gay couple gets an alternative wedding official . ), 
  this is a kind of no discrimination/freedom of beliefs-debate . 
  the question is : how much of your own moral code can you display in your work ? 
  personally , i think freedom of beliefs should prevail in this matter , permitted that the couple still can get married . 
  the dutch are pretty open minded , but yes , it will be difficult to build good friendships . 
  although a lot of people speak english , for hanging out and having a good time , they prefer dutch . 
  and what i have seen among foreign students is that they stick together . 
  in the netherlands , the french drink wine on their ` french student society ' . 
  the chinese stick together , talking chinese and the germans stick together to drive back to germany every weekend . 
  perhaps this is caused by the fact that a lot of people coming over do n't know dutch - which makes it unattractive to introduce them to a group of friends . 
  in a way the dutch are very tolerant towards substance abuse , gay rights , religion . 
  however , do not bother other people with your personal preferences . 
  i do n't mind if you like to take a joint - but you should n't smoke ( not even normal cigarettes ) in my house . 
  doing that is considered extremely rude . 
  and being dutch , we will say something about it . 
  yes , even in the pouring rain we will put you outside on the balcony to have your smoke . 
  much the same for gay rights . 
  i have gay friends - they know i am straight . 
  if they would hit on me , while they know i am straight ... that would be rude . 
  and yes , we would say something about it . 
  being religious is almost the same . 
  of course you can go to a church , and everybody is ok with it . 
  if you need some time for prayer before lunch , people will be silent for a moment - that is the respect you get . 
  but if you thank god out loud for each small thing , people will think you are freaky and even call you out on it . 
  there is a big social security , but it is mostly based on the cultural notion : `` werk naar vermogen '' - meaning `` work to power '' . 
  so if you are in a wheelchair , there is some fitting work . 
  if you are mentally challenged , there is some fitting work . 
  other cultures may have little inclination to work . 
  dutch people are very reluctant to pay social security for people unwilling to work . 
  this can be native dutch , immigrants , but in the current circumstances , the greek italian and spanish are considered unwilling to work as well . 
  in that way , the dutch are n't very accepting of others . 
  on the other hand , the dutch are practical-conservative . 
  this is most clear in the gender-defined jobs . 
  of course , there are some women in it . 
  of course there are some male elementary school teachers . 
  but in general , it is a man 's job - and teaching is done by women .
