does n't mean that they wo n't in the future , an issue that the finns want to avoid, 
  not the first time this sub has been unrepresentative . 
  the common finnish mentality is that we do n't want to get caught up in all this syria shit . 
  we would be perfectly happy if we were n't dragged into anything . 
  also it slows down the rotation of the earth ( only relevant in a billion years or so though ), 
  i think its smart to wait a while to see the effects , if brexit turns out to be horrible , i do n't think denmark would follow, 
  the article clearly states it was increased from 200 miles to 350 miles . 
  your sarcasm gives an intelligent tone to the following discussion . 
  estonian , 
  under previous kemalism i would 've believed turkey would be very close to eu membership , but with the current regime , i see no future of turkey in the eu , without the eu having to compromise on some of its requirements . 
  merkel 's plan is to speed up the process if they help the eu with refugees but i oppose this because of oppressive government that is in place in turkey . 
  of course you estonians would say that :p but i actually like talsinki more anyway, 
  ofc isis = / islamic pshhh everybody knows this, 
  the eu ... 
   very generous condition hardly , it is the current and factual condition . 
  3 of the top 5 by growth are in the eu which is nice . 
  although the current situation may be unsatisfactory , there is upwards progression . 
  greece is greece cyprus is cyprus poland is poland luxembourg is luxembourg malta is malta what is this, 
  if uk does n't leave the eu now , in 2080 it will have control of 16.4 % of the parliament followed by a large france and italy . 
  germany will have decreased to 4th with only 65 million inhabitants . 
  nordic areas and certain nations in central europe like ireland , belgium , luxembourg , and austria increase in influence , other nations wither in population decline . 
  eu stays strong economically although having a slow increase in gdp . 
  dependence on fossil fuels go down drastically through the initiatives of western europe . 
  english will increase everywhere becoming the main international language for students . 
  parties of economic right and social left will rise to the top as secularism increases gradually first through the nordic and western regions . 
  government revenue is extremely important and if the companies dont pay , then you will , someone must or you wont get your roads or health care, 
  sipil\u00e4 is quite naive, 
  so basically common knowledge, 
  seems like a really reasonable guy , +1, 
  what happened to kazakhstan ? 
  yeah but the government also subsidizes oil companies so ... 
  well it molded my opinions at least . 
  that is true , i ca n't feel the consequences either . 
  i just thought it was funny . 
  i was just referencing the highest `` ca n't decide '' answers for estonia , latvia , and lithuania . 
  know-nothing baltics , 
  i am afraid of population decline in europe, 
  cool, 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  our priority should be action on the issue of overwhelming refugees . 
  arguing and bitching about the current situation will achieve nothing as it will not change unless we do something about it . 
  goddamn these international students at it again, 
  [ damn ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/2/2b/apply_cold_water_to_burned_area.jpeg/revision/latest?cb=20121007165231 ), 
  novice of the topic here : what are the issues with nord stream ? 
  i hear it undermines eu energy policy , but i also understand how it can decrease the vulnerability of the current energy supply running through the ukraine ? 
  i 'd argue that the sdf is the best of 4 . 
  fsa is not a group i would entrust a nation with . 
  i do n't disagree with you , but i would like to know your reasoning for this . 
  it was n't shot down by the russian army , it was shot down by pro-russian rebels . 
  still only 4 % believe this . 
  areas ? 
  yes key ? 
  yes , turku is looking nice , let 's see tomorrow however, 
  well , it 's the world 's deepest for now . 
  i 'm sure there are thousands of caves yet to be uncovered stretching down farther . 
  i do n't know if it is technically `` friendly-fire . '', 
  i would classify it as `` non-friend who is fighting the bad guys-fire . '', 
   i do not understand why the eu has to become militarized i understand your viewpoint even though i wish for a more militarised eu . 
  this is the issue of a proposed eu army . 
  different nations have different views on how it should be used . 
  i chose japan as it had the lowest percentage of people willing to fight for it . 
  i admit it perhaps was not the best nation to choose . 
  my new question for you is , `` is the netherlands not allowed to exist ? '', 
  that 's not what constitutes the right for a nation to exist . 
  [ is japan not allowed to exist ? 
  rare exports was true, 
  why do n't they fight pkk in turkey then . 
  no reason to break international law and invade another country . 
  it was , now that jarabulus is under turkish control and isis has been expelled west , kurds have become the main target of turkish aggression, 
  and cyprus, 
  that is an extremely odd definition of the european union, 
  do we get our own continent as well ? 
   west-coast has fared better than most other parts of the country tell that to turku, 
  its really a catch-22 , the only way to make the euro work better is by pushing towards federalism, 
  no nordics or new zealand , no wonder italy is second, 
  without us access to incirlik , isis has already ( in the past 24 hours ) been shown to carve territory from the kurds in syria, 
  hey , we do n't look like balls anymore, 
  most gibraltarians speak a special dialect of spanish tho, 
  eurozone had a greater gdp growth than the uk in q1 of 2016 , who knows but maybe the eurozone is becoming healthy again . 
  perhaps that has a marginal effect , but i blame kokoomus anyway :p, 
  hah , not even started, 
  no estonia tunnel , ok :'(, 
  iunno madrid ? 
  `` so you dont want to talk to me '', 
  this is ridiculous, 
  1 ) putin-cameron-merkel 2 ) obama-erdogan-hollande 3 ) assad-tusk-jong un 4 ) tsipras-ilves-juncker, 
  it 's shit , but we listen to it cause we like shit, 
  spicy !, 
  another reason could be that the voter base is very much tied to timo soini 's charisma , and with him resigning from party leader their popularity would decrease . 
  the greens are said to be very close in helsinki . 
  this could be the first time some party other than the ncp controls the helsinki city council . 
  i do n't know about 1 ) and 2 ) so you very well may be right about them . 
  sources would be great however . 
  3 ) the eu ca n't have anti-free market ideas . 
  the eu is an institution . 
  the eu itself should not be blamed for these . 
  instead i would blame the populace of the 28 member states who vote these politicians with these views into the eu . 
  4 ) so how do you feel about the eu giving funds to less-developed member states . 
  that , in itself , is helping decrease the inequality between member states . 
  first past the post has its place in some systems , but it is by far not the best system .
