  look at the uk election in 2015 . 
  that was an unmitigated disaster thanks to first past the post not being able to represent the peoples ' vote . 
  i agree with you . 
  what boggles me is why assad would allow this chemical attack . 
  assad is slowly winning the war and given a couple of years could be looking at having the whole nation back under his control . 
  why would he jeopardise this by a chemical attack ? 
  flair doubly checks out, 
  believe it or not , you ca n't actually build a wall between the uk and romania . 
  the wall that / u/stuijfsande is referring to is a metaphor for the common sentiment amongst the british populace that immigration from eu countries is harmful for the uk and that brexit can , in effect , solve that . 
  yes , but you also have to redesign current passenger aircraft , teach pilots how to land on these runways , for safety purposes you can have only one aircraft on the one runway but with many runways you can have many aircraft , and you have no way of expanding an airport . 
  the advantages of this are greatly overshadowed by the limitations in my opinion . 
  well , this is a state election . 
  i believe that in the federal election the `` schulz phenomena '' will be much more present . 
  many people will vote for schulz but not necessarily spd . 
  action on climate change perhaps ? 
  purchasing power has nothing to do with gdp . 
  purchasing power is how much you can get of tangible goods or services with a specific amount of money . 
  this shows that a coffee in finland will cost two times more than a coffee in romania . 
   just because something is democratic does n't make it right . 
  so 51 % voted to leave the eu but they should stay in the eu because it is `` right . '', 
  i really do n't understand your position here . 
  it 's like captain america all over again . 
  according to a poll , 80 % of young people in kaliningrad have been to europe whereas 15 % have been to other parts of russia . 
  i 'm not saying its gon na happen , but feelings might change . 
  the us also supports these following authoritarian regimes : bahrain , brunei , chad , djibouti , morocco , oman , qatar , saudi arabia , uae who happen to not recognise israel . 
  so , why would the us install a puppet government in israel if it supports so many of israel 's opponents . 
  if you 're so into puppet governments i 'd look towards russia . 
  and no , i 'm not talking about trump . 
  i 'm talking about abkhazia , donetsk , luhansk , south ossetia , and transnistria . 
  to add to that , funnily enough , the first country to recognise israel was in fact , the soviet union , lead by josef stalin , the puppet-master . 
  now , i want to state that i do not condone many of the things the israeli and us government have done , especially the treatment of palestinians under the current israeli administration , but i heavily question your belief that israel is a us puppet government . 
  you should n't compare apples to genocides . 
  i am really dumbfounded that he even has 20 % of the french population 's appeal . 
  [ no , it 's a thing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radical_centrism ), 
  i came here expecting results like denmark . 
  now i 'm baffled by the results and both of your comments . 
  well she 's not locked up so is that uneuropean ? 
  i think we should be gaining on the danes though, 
  canada is the world 's tenth largest economy with 70-80 % of the economy being in the service sector . 
  it does export primarily to the us but it clearly is not the `` north american norway '', 
  so what ? 
  at any given moment mr. farage may be saying something about demolishing the eu project . 
  now i 'm not taking a stance either way , but i want to show you that there is hostility on both sides . 
  me too, 
  1st rule of leading a country : do n't patronise the people . 
  the preamble, 
  what do you mean by height ? 
  the territorial height of the roman empire was in 117ad . 
  sigh ... netherlands, 
  tfw in 2015 you thought the centre party and sipil\u00e4 would be fresh air to the government, 
  probably a dumb question , but how can the total people unemployed be seasonally adjusted ? 
  i understand how rates can be seasonally adjusted but not total people . 
  this was done before the oulu municipality additions , so these maps might be different now, 
  this morning i went to the christmas peace and there were army trucks to block off roads and policemen aplenty, 
  there was a finnish salient into soviet territory . 
  they shelled over the salient to even show that the artillery was coming from finnish territory . 
  you must consider the views of the aleepoans . 
  let 's just say the inhabitants of rebel held east aleppo were more than happy to eradicate such factions . 
  this however could change as there have recent ominous reports of wrong doings by the regime as they reentered aleppo, 
  even the a350ulr ca n't make it , ca n't really expect any other commercial aircraft to be able to operate these distances . 
  r/finland does n't even exist tho, 
  is r/the _ schulz working ? 
  its a joke about russia 's imperialistic tendencies . 
  as the russian land increases so does the population . 
  whats up netherlands, 
  the new plan decreased costs somewhat but i would wish for some clarity on this project . 
  the back-and-forth is ridiculous . 
  i thought he was na\u00efve when he first got into office . 
  maybe he 's learning . 
  i was not aware . 
  thanks, 
  `` moi '' is short for `` moikka '' which can be used interchangeably . 
  regardless of how knowledgeable you are about the turkey-pkk conflict , you can acknowledge turkey 's violations of international law with their forces in syria, 
  rip georgia, 
  grab em by the fitta, 
  sensibility has no place in fashion, 
  it 's bbc 's title , if you want to complain , aim it at them, 
  how ironic, 
  i like you :d, 
  in my opinion , their behaviour should n't excuse their beliefs . 
  but we wo n't commit to zero deforestation cause we got ta get that toilet paper money . 
  they wo n't even annex greece , the most likely is that turkey will try to keep what syrian soil they have in the aftermath of the syrian civil war . 
  got ta get my \uff33\uff2f\uff32\uff2f\uff33\uff22\uff35\uff38, 
  what about our friend the spinach ? 
  i definitely understand that viewpoint . 
  however , according to polls , sweden seems much more ready to join nato than finland . 
  as a swede , do you have any context and/or insight into the swedish position considering the distaste towards a common eu foreign policy and the warming up to nato ? 
  the last time the us won , was in 1960 . 
  does your club consist of mediocre national hockey teams , cause i do n't think sweden belongs there . 
  whats the deal with modem and en marche , if anybody could clear that up for me ? 
  that 's why `` climate change '' is preferred over `` global warming '', 
   vulnerable to demagogues and con men after 9 years of reddit , you become a troll , why did it take you so long ? 
  she was fleeing from the uae so it is an upgrade in that regard . 
  as a finn , i would rather us tackle russian issues rather than with a common eu approach . 
  in regards to other issues i would definitely like a common eu approach . 
  this is nice, 
  also there is a clear distinction between pkk and sdf that turkey is unable to grasp, 
   we are just too different from the rest of europe kinda like estonia is really similar to portugal and bulgaria is really similar to belgium, 
  i think losing petsamo was more key as it gave finland access to the arctic that it currently does not have .
