  the assistance lifts ( 2nd lift ) have a progression scheme of 3x10 , 3x8 , 3x6 . 
  both the main lift and assistance lift are compound movements . 
  the accessory lifts ( isolation moves ) in gzcl programs go something like 3-5 sets x 12-20 reps. 
  so for bicep curl example you would be doing bicep curls for something like 3x20 and then add weight and work your way back up there . 
  first of all , please show me the research . 
   the problem when counting volume with sets is that if you do let 's say 10 total sets , you can do 10x5x 300 which gives you a total volume of 15000, 
  i do n't follow . 
  10x5x300 so you 're doing 10 sets of 5 reps at 300lb/kg ? 
  or you 're doing 10 sets of ( 5x300 ) 1500 reps ? 
  it would make sense , but many people do n't want to put in the effort . 
  you have to learn what the lifts are and the possible programs and all else . 
  if you look at this thread it already has some misunderstandings . 
  you 've never lifted before and just are trying to learn what the different lifts are and then you get to choose to either do the cookie cutter program or are you going to do the program you do not entirely understand ? 
  many would comment and ask for help . 
  many lurkers would n't and would just choose the easier one . 
  perhaps , but there are many in this subreddit who have done ss/sl for months/years who have not already switched to do something better although these programs exist . 
  why do people keep pushing on in ss/sl even though they make almost no progress and many people even in this subreddit could and would and do recommend way better programs ? 
  they simply ca n't be bothered . 
  true , but people still ca n't be bothered to learn about it . 
  5/3/1 and other good programs are already heavily recommended , but people still choose ss/sl . 
  while i would love for gzclp to be the most popular beginner program i do n't think it will happen . 
  if you read my posts i am all for gzclp . 
  i wish it would be recommended more often . 
  the people who ca n't be bothered to get on better programs are the ones praising ss and they are the majority in this subreddit which means ss will probably stay the recommended program for a while . 
  e : also damn dude your downvotes are super-quick, 
  yeah , this applies to lp aswell . 
  okay so by that logic :, 
  let 's set the tm to 100kg, 
  3x20 @ 50 % is 3x20x50 = 3000 volume points for 1 workout, 
  while doing 60x1 @ 95 % is 60x1x95kg = 5700 volume points, 
  so even though you do 60 reps both workouts the second one has almost double the volume points by your logic which means all reps are not equal , no ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ research ? 
  you mean the t1 , t2 , t3 ? 
  they 're tiers . 
  tier 1 - this is where the main lift of the day belongs . 
  ( s/b/d / ohp ) [ 1 movement ], 
  tier 2 - assistance movements ( variations of t1 at higher reps ) [ 1-3 movements ], 
  tier 3 - accessory ( isolation movements ) [ your other exercises ], 
  yeah you can keep the pendlays for sure , the magic about gzclp is that it 's not a program per se , but a framework to build your own program on . 
  on that topic if you want get visual results i advise adding a few ( 1-2 ) exercises to the t3 . 
  bicep curls , tri extensions , lateral raises etc. 
  this is not meant for intermediates either . 
  you keep doing it until the gains run out or get tired of it and switch to something else or personalise it further making it an intermediate + program . 
  the video you included in your edit :, 
  right at 1:15 he says changing 3x3@100kg to 3x3@110kg would increase the volume without increasing the reps. 
  so the total volume changes based on the weight . 
  so you can either undertrain or overtrain on 60 reps a session depending on your weight used . 
  which basically means using reps per week without setting out a % of tm is useless . 
  i did n't only watch the first minute , at around 33:30 he is concluding the whole video . 
  basically if your goal is strength go for 3/4ths of the volume ( 40-70 on the whiteboard ) at 1-6rm . 
  this is perfectly good as the volume decreases as the intensity rises . 
  but you ca n't just say 60 reps without taking the intensity into account ( which he does take into account ) . 
  yeah , add t3 exercises . 
  cody said in his blog that he 'd not add too many at first , so do n't go overboard , add like 1-2 a day and see how that goes . 
  the author 's reddit name name is gzcl , this is gzclp or gzcl linear progression . 
  the cl in gzcl stands for cody lefever ( his name ) and gz has no meaning . 
  yeah , that 's pretty common, 
  1 ) definitely work on grip strength , but also you should not let it hold you back so go for one of the other ones as well ( straps , hook or mixed ) . 
  2 ) you 're not training grip strength while using straps . 
  that 's all . 
  5 ) no single best exercise for anybody . 
  do what you like farmer walks , suitcase carries , wrist curls etc. 
  rippetoe claims another victim . 
  stop victimshaming your lip . 
   it 's much more of an intense preworkout than adderall could ever offer . 
  no way dude . 
  basically nothing beat amphetamines in getting you pumped with the exception of meth . 
  you do n't get pumped because of the small doses . 
  if you took 100mg i would guarantee you it 'd be very intense . 
  amphetamines ( what adderall is ) are the original ped . 
  they 're very effective , but when you take amphetamines all safety programs made by your body can easily be ignored and it 's not hard to push yourself till collapse . 
  does 10mg affect you in such a dramatic way ? 
  i do n't know , man . 
  weak anterior delts and triceps limit the weight you can put on the bar . 
  some people also are born rich enough to not worry about budgets and stuff . 
  so i 'd say around 99 % + chance of lowering your qol . 
  you could try nsuns 5/3/1 4-day variant . 
  tng deadlifts are a thing . 
  the higher your bf % is the more fat you get by bulking . 
  cut down and then bulk . 
  well you could try running gslp 4days/wk , but what most likely will happen is that fatigue catches up with you then you overreach and your lifts go to shit if you keep it up . 
  if you want a powerbuilding program that you can run 4-5x a week check out jacked and tan 2.0 or uhf 5wk . 
  mdma is a sub-group of amphetamine that is literally much more neurotoxic than regular amphetamines . 
  just found it odd that 's all . 
  yeah gslp , gzclp are better than sl/ss . 
  i 'd say replace the pushups with bodyweight dips ( which i assume you can do since you can do pullups ) . 
  e : unless you 're going to do pushup variations to make them harder . 
  also / r/reallywackytictacs nsfl btw, 
  touch and go deadlifts are a thing, 
  i do n't think this is a very good idea . 
  with payment hobbies turn into jobs and you eventually come to dislike them . 
  but to each their own , if it works for you then that 's great . 
  decreasing rom = / = less effective workout . 
  one could limit rom to practice a certain part of the lift ( block pulls , spoto press etc ) . 
  also limiting rom means you can use more weight thus making some muscles work at their full capacity and not being limited by weaker muscles that would have to be used to complete full rom . 
  while being overweight with muscle is not as harmful as if it was from fat it still takes a toll on your health . 
  having more mass means your heart has to work harder ( which is not good for extended periods of time ) . 
  if you care to hear about our personal recommendations i would say you could lose ~ 20 pounds or more of bodyfat get pretty shredded . 
  are they necessary ? 
  are they one of the best exercises for strength , hypertrophy and back health ?
