  salaries wo n't grow immediately . 
  but if this keeps up things will get better . 
  eventually . 
  i doubt they 'll take it . 
  they 've been moving troops and equipment to crimea for a while now . 
  there are rumours saying that putin plans to unite donbass , crimea and lugansk in march . 
  we 'll see what 's really going to happen - i am no expert , i am just speculating . 
  yes , but i also feel like he is n't moving more and more troops and equipment to crimea for just shits and giggles . 
  i am unaware of how that would be a financial suicide , would you be so kind to enlighten me ? 
   russia 's economy is already circling the drain, 
  that 's true . 
  are you certain that taking donbass would be so much of a strain on the economy though ? 
  the place is smaller than crimea , and russia did n't collapse because of rebuilding that . 
   military operations and occupations are expensive, 
  that is kind of subjective , do n't you find ? 
  yes , you could spend hundreds of millions on comfort of the soldiers , but russia is n't really known to do that . 
  propping up and rebuilding separatist `` republics '' post-conflict will be enormously costly, 
  as i said before , crimea is bigger than donbass . 
  it will hardly cost any more than crimea does . 
   overt military action is likely to incur actually significant sanctions, 
  they already occupied crimea , why is donbass where fighting is going on anyway a breaking point ? 
  also , why would russia be * hiding * weapons in citites and towns ? 
  here 's a link ( in ukranian ) : http://strana.in.ua/news/accidents/31982-v-zone-ato-nashli-strashnuyu-nahodku-foto.html, 
  and some more about how russians are moving troops ( especially heavy equipment i.e tanks brigades ), 
  perhaps you do know more than the ukrainians fighting there , but i doubt that . 
   crimea is important for his sea ports and populated mostly by russians . 
  russians have plenty of cities near the black sea and much like crimea lugansk and donbass have quite high russian population as well . 
  as to why ? 
  people with much greater knowledge than me in this war speculate that russians want a new government in ukraine ( that obeys russia ) . 
  also dictators thrive in the success of war . 
  hardly . 
  do you know what east-germany was in the soviet times ? 
  a very heavily militarized place . 
  if you look at a map of the soviet union , you can see there are many places with majority of muslims , yes ? 
  now what happens if you take young men from all over the country and gather them into a state ? 
  a lot of muslims and other soldiers . 
  in east germany . 
  where civilians lived as well . 
  i 'd hardly call that xenophobia because any man who has served in the soviet military ( and people in the eastern germany since that was a very common serving place ) has his fair share of contact of muslims ( surprise it was n't very pleasant - there was a mentality among these men ( muslims ) that if there is an insult between two people one of them must die ) . 
  even the officers did n't really mess with the chechen and other muslim gangs . 
  too many of these people are stuck in the feudal times . 
  ca n't exactly call something xenophobia if you 've experienced something first hand , can you . 
  where do you get your info about what russians are ready for and what not ? 
  if russia gives up on propping up a new government ( the sources i have do n't suggest so ) then they 've pretty much lost the whole fight . 
  loss of wars on top of economic crisis makes things much worse . 
  about russians not liking war . 
  i think you might be thinking of the fear of getting nuked by the americans . 
  russians are in no danger if they send heavy artillery , tanks etc. 
  to ukraine . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  if the victory condition is to defeat the opposing armed forces then mexico stomps . 
   he us mobilizes a large number of people with reverse engineered modern weaponry, 
  reverse engineering is n't magic dude . 
  it is n't just taking it apart and putting it back together and now you know how to do build that . 
  reverse-engineering takes some serious understanding of how it works . 
   our police forces are better equiped and manned than many armies, 
  i hope you 're not talking about canada and mexico here . 
  unless , you know , american police has fighters and bombers and attack helicopters etc. 
  i honestly doubt that . 
  police forces are for policing and armies are are for fighting enemy armies . 
  the training is very different . 
  sorry if i came off as salty , i did n't mean to . 
  i doubt they would be able to reverse engineer it at all during the war . 
  perhaps enough to see how it works but never enough to produce any of the modern stuff themselves . 
  there 's a reason russian cars are not comparable to german cars . 
  even though they 're able to buy the german engines , take them apart and study them they 're not capable of producing modern engines that do n't blow up in 30 minutes of working . 
  russians manufactured some good cars after the end of ww2 because they pretty much forced the german scientists and engineers to work . 
  e : some dumb grammar mistakes, 
   i hardly see any support for warmongers in media and in people around . 
  of course . 
  they 're helping the oppressed russian minority in ukraine . 
  helping president assad stay in power because he is ally of the might russian federation . 
  he is a lawful leader . 
  i am not saying this is wrong or right , but to think anyone would be dumb enough to frame it as : `` we like killing people !!!! '' . 
  this is subtle . 
  was n't the [ winter war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war ) also staged as defending the soviet union ? 
   german security officials say that the far right has become much more savvy in using of the internet and social media to push its message to a broader audience . 
  or maybe , just maybe there are just more right-wingers because you accept a million people not compatible with the culture ? 
  does anybody think that they do n't know we do n't approve of that ? 
  they just do n't give a shit since they are n't punished . 
  like children pushing the limits , seeing what will get them punished and what not . 
  how far can they actually go . 
  so what you 're saying is a war is only okay for the people of it 's in their national interest ? 
  i agree that big countries tend to defend their interest with violence . 
  what i wanted to know was if more firepower was needed would the people lose interest in their nation defending their interest ? 
  from what i 've read ( from vkontakte , facebook and ukranian government reports etc. ), 
  the russian regulars are n't really fighting a lot there ( ukr says that there are around 8000-8500 regulars in ukraine atm ) . 
  it 's mostly the russian mercenaries ( gangs supported by the russian government basically ) fighting and they 're not professional , we can be sure of that . 
  no soldier ( chechen mercs usually ) that charges screaming allahu akbar and drawing attention to themselves is professional . 
  doubt that the other gangs are professional either . 
  edit : this could also be the case if russians forbid their regulars from posting in the internet of course . 
  uneducated or not , he is right . 
  rc-135u * is * a spy plane . 
  spy plane , not a figher . 
  i assume these guys have never ski d before ? 
  the way the hold the ski poles is really bad . 
  also could someone tell me why do the skis and the skiing poles look like they 're 20 years old ? 
  ( design i mean , not that they 're actually old ) . 
  the modern skis i 've used do n't look like this at all . 
  i assume that 's because if they fall into the water you can get them off easily and do n't drown ?
