  as do you since you 're on reddit . 
   what about std/stis ? 
  there are vaccines now for hpv strains that cause cancer , but they 've only been out for a few years . 
   so what if you had a ton of one night stands , got hpv , and then your hpv caused cancer ? 
  i think a person should be ashamed for not making sure the sex is safe not shamed for having sex with a lot of people . 
   what if you just fuck tons of bums ? 
  you get blackout drunk and you do n't remember half of it . 
  do n't see anything shameful here . 
   what if you keep having sexual partners that take advantage of you . 
  abuse you . 
  should people be ashamed because they 're abused ? 
  you explained it very well - even though someone can be rational they have emotions too which changes a lot . 
  you should be vaccinated though , especially when you have high number of sexual partners . 
  i can understand where you 're coming from but i do n't think you should be ashamed for it just because it does n't do anything for you except make you feel crappy . 
  but i guess you kind of changed my view so even though i do n't think anybody should be ashamed of having a lot of sexual partners i can see why some would be \u2206, 
  invented metal ? 
  what, 
  happiness . 
   if a human can blindly accept the existence of gods without scientific proofs , he is more likely to blindly accept other claims without evidence or with feeble evidence . 
  a lot of atheists do not believe in gods because they were n't raised in religious household not because they think critically so they are just as likely to accept bullshit as any religious person - faith healing , chakras etc. 
  what we really should encourage is critical thinking and not accepting stuff with no proof whatsoever . 
  people in that time that came out as atheists were killed so we ca n't really say if they were religious or not . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't be discriminated for your beliefs . 
  jean baptiste lamarck was a deist according to packard who wrote the book . 
  i suggest you reread the wiki article . 
  i think looking at / u/slutworship 's comment, 
   at my old job i was told i could n't be promoted because i was n't a member of a church , i live in the deep bible belt south . 
  shows that even if you do n't tell your beliefs to anybody you can still be discriminated because of them . 
  first of all i do not agree with op 's points . 
  second - jean baptiste was considered a deist . 
  have you thought he only wrote about god very vaguely because he did n't want people to think that he was an atheist which would mean that he would be ridiculed and maybe killed ? 
  the sun never set in roman empire in it 's prime either . 
  you 'd die of cancer if you bought cancer the last time but you bought cigarettes which only cause cancer . 
  so maybe you accidentally swallowed one and choked to death ? 
  you 'd have to drink around 80-100 cups of coffee ( your body ca n't fit that much coffee ) in a very small amount of time to die to caffeine overdose . 
  unless you bought pure caffeine and snorted too much . 
  i absolutely agree with you . 
  yes , of course !, 
  ^ not ^ really ^ :(, 
  i remember reading it from a school book when i was studying the topic . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://www.statepress.com/2014/02/18/the-sun-never-sets-on-the-roman-empire/ ) but i do n't know if you can trust that source . 
  also [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_empire#mediaviewer/file:roman_empire_trajan_117ad.png ) is a picture of the roman empire 's territories in it 's peak and i think it is quite likely that the sun never set there . 
  i also found that this line was first used for the spanish empire ( 16th century ) and then later ( 19th century ) people started using it for the british empire . 
  very well . 
  i guess it was my misunderstanding that because i confused `` i ca n't be discriminated '' with `` i have n't been discriminated '' . 
  [ tunak tunak tun , obviously . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtiimj9tuc8 ), 
  sex is a basic instinct much like food and sleep . 
  the fact that you do not die because you do n't have sex/masturbate does n't mean that it is n't a `` need '' . 
  yep . 
  hey , wan na do krokodil ? 
  most of them can , actually . 
  but quitting smoking and other drugs is piss easy , right ? 
  that 's just being a dick though . 
  like following you around and eating with your mouth open . 
  are you walter white ? 
  why be healthy when you can just convince that you already are healthy . 
  people who get offended . 
  i am a post apocalyptic one , does that bother you ? 
  ^ ^ yet, 
  i 'll legalize marijuana . 
  teenagers can vote right . 
  healthy people do n't make a wealthy country . 
  80lbs ? 
  were you in kindergarten, 
  were you in computer science, 
  how do mosquitoes kill animals ? 
  malaria kills the human not the mosquito, 
  why ? 
  why is calling asians yellow racist ? 
  we call black people black , white people white but yellowish people asians . 
  real question here, 
  that explains it . 
  thanks !, 
  i agree that if someone shot or set up a bomb for you they would directly cause your death and `` score a point '' but if someone put you in a cage with a mad bear then the bear would kill you not the human hence `` giving the point '' to the bear . 
  so i guess it comes down to if viruses are alive which they ( generally ) are not considered to be so i guess you win . 
  sounds reasonable , except for the tale . 
  who throws away stuff that 's undercooked ? 
  imagine someone making some potatoes . 
  he checks them and then he discovers that they are not yet ready and proceeds to throw them away ? 
  even though you do n't have mouth , your mum did n't die in 2010 ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ hope, 
  have you recently sprayed your hair with cocaine ? 
  pa is 6 slotted in 47 minutes which means she got a bunch of freefarm and kills . 
  should 've shut her down from the start . 
  well , you could be even more specific and ask which one is real - if any of them is real then you will be told which one if not you will be told that 's made up . 
  / u/atm0 put it very well . 
  i also think some heroes should get a quick orchid ( before he gets manta ) , this will make a good am hesitate to push/farm your jungle and you can get a few pickoffs which help a lot . 
  also any kind of abuse - bullying , abusive parents . 
  do n't quite see how pornography contributes to that . 
  cannabis might cause lack of motivation and depression in some people though, 
  very well , i agree that drug abuse by a minority should n't mean prohibition for a majority . 
  it does n't seem to be very harmful and as far as we know does n't cause cancer but that is exactly what we thought about cigarettes and the only way to know is seeing examining dead smokers and nonsmokers - that 's also the only link between cigarettes and cancer . 
  point is - we do n't know if it is harmful yet . 
  how long do you think it will take till `` marijuana cigarettes/joints '' ( not sure what they are called ) will be stuffed with harmful and addictive chemicals that cause cancer just like tobacco ? 
  these chemicals are why cigarettes are so damn harmful . 
  well , you do n't have to get orchid before he gets bf but before manta so he ca n't purge it . 
  also you should get it on your mid ( invoker etc. ), 
  or someone else who has farm ( clinkz , prophet ) or you can go straight for hex so his manta wo n't help . 
  i 'm pretty sure you do actually, 
  unless yourself is a polite charming person .
