  thank you for the answer !, 
  i 'd figured that they were different , because going through deep snow with the skis i have is a real pain ( and as we know , in the wild you do n't exactly come across well made ski tracks very often ) . 
  do you happen to know anything about the practice though ? 
  i imagine this was done before the taught the soldiers to ski . 
  when i held the ski poles like that my teachers got rather angry . 
  flying your spy planes near other person 's border is kind of cuntish too actually . 
  yes . 
  so where 's the problem ? 
  the russians were allowed to fly like that as well . 
  is spying not being cuntish ? 
  really ? 
  i see mad americans all the time angry when china steals their designs , business ideas etc. 
  but now that you try to spy and someone is a cunt to you for it it 's unprofessional and dangerous ? 
  if you go to someone 's border with spy technology no shit you 're risking your life . 
  this time it was actually a jet that could shoot back . 
  wonder if that was the reason to let it pass . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  although you can still strike back before getting hit if you 're lucky and facing the enemy . 
   if russia wants to protest the presence of foreign aircraft that 's fine . 
  and how 's that going to work ? 
   but if they want to start endangering the aircraft and their crews than perhaps we should start shooting down russian aircraft that test our air space, 
  you already do . 
  usa and russia both take violation of airspace rather seriously and shoot down planes that violate their airspace . 
   perhaps we should start flying our reconnaissance aircraft with escorts and shooting down russian fighters that get too close ? 
  perhaps you should , but that would be a declaration of war . 
  not sure you really want a probable nuclear war , though . 
  russia has n't shot down your planes in international airspace - not even in the cold war . 
   it 's a question of established norms and courtesy , we do n't shoot down and endanger russian aircraft near our borders , and they should behave in an equally professional and respectful manner . 
  norms and courtesy ? 
  is it written down ? 
  if you have n't noticed , putin is trying to bring back the `` power '' of the soviet union - totally opposite to gorbachev and yeltsin , who wanted warm relations with the us . 
  also you probably do n't endanger them because that 's cuntish , but because doing that shit you 're risking your own life as well . 
  indeed . 
  i do n't disagree with you but here 's my point of view :, 
  * gmos provide a much larger window for abuse . 
  making them all legal without testing is not good imo . 
  * they might accidentally kill some native plant or animal which might disrupt the ecosystem, 
  due to these points i think the eu is approaching the issue the right way by creating a whitelist instead of a blacklist . 
  as someone said above , you ca n't put the genie back in the bottle thus it 'd be dumb to not use gmos . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  * su-27 - single seat fighter without canards and a somewhat `` clunky '' stinger , cone nose . 
  * su-30sm ( the russian variant ) - two seat fighter where pilots sit behind each other . 
  the plane has canards . 
  cone nose, 
  * su-33 - single seat navy aircraft that has canards , cone nose . 
  [ very similar to su-30sm , but only one seat ], 
  * su-34 - two seat strike fighter where pilots sit next to each other . 
  platypus nose , canards . 
  * su-35 - pretty much looks the same as su-27 except that its stinger is smoother . 
  well , do n't hold yourself back . 
  why is the mig-29 utter shit at its job ? 
  yeah people are dying in ukraine because of this shit . 
  [ here is a link that explains it pretty well imo ] ( http://abolition.e2bn.org/slavery_111.html ), 
  basically :, 
  1 ) a change in economic interests, 
  2 ) resistance by enslaved people, 
  3 ) parliamentary reform, 
  and the 4th one is religous . 
  just one of the reasons and definitely not the main one . 
  slaves became less and less profitable to the point where they were not worth keeping basically . 
   without all of the christian support the civil rights movement would not have been successful, 
  in 1960s america was very christian , yes ? 
  according to this wikipedia page here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical_religious_demographics_of_the_united_states, 
  over 90 % of americans were christian . 
  of course the civil rights movement would n't have been successful without christians but that is like saying it would n't have been successful without people , because the vast majority was christian . 
  do you know what was going on in russia after the fall of the soviet government ? 
  that was a lot worse that the soviet government ( for russians anyway ), 
   if he did he would be assassinated on day one . 
  why ? 
  how would this be good for anybody ? 
  the man is so wildly unpopular in russia he is no competitor to putin . 
  his criticisms just validate putin . 
  yup . 
  for us it was freedom . 
  even though the times were bad future was looking bright , but if you try to look at it from a russian perspective then perhaps we can understand the hate for gorbachev . 
  for some 5 years mafia ruled russia and the eastern bloc . 
  sadly it was n't the kind of mafia you 'd read about in a godfather book . 
  there was a lot of murder and beating some random guys because `` he had a dumb face '' - for entertainment basically . 
  murder rates tripled , massive hit on the economy ( what it is today is bad but a lot better than it was in ' 92 ) . 
  drug use skyrocketed as police pretty much had no power ( there are instances of spec op teams cutting deals with the mafia so there would be no fighting as they could n't say for sure they 'd come out of the situation as victors . ), 
  night clubs actually had to have bouncers with aks or someone whose name was known in the underground business . 
  nato is only a defense pact . 
  europeans have no obligation to kill arabs so dollar wo n't die . 
  most of them are n't but against them we have the usa . 
  usa defends us so we do business with them in dollarydoos . 
  that europeans have no reason to build a strong military as of now . 
   data show there are tens of millions of people who are overweight and * obese * and are * perfectly healthy *, 
  from wikipedia :, 
   obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a * negative effect on health *, 
  bodybuilders and such are an exception of course . 
  are these cluster bombs ? 
  what an educated view . 
  tell me , are people shooting schools up all the time to the point you ca n't go to school ? 
  do people get shot at 5 minute intervals at every street corner ? 
  do cops kill every black man at sight ? 
  your view of europe is based on click-bait titles in fox news as far as i can tell . 
  edit : in case someone ca n't tell i was mocking his view of europe , i do n't actually think these things are happening . 
  i was mocking his view of eu , actually , and i think you described it perfectly . 
  alright , i 'll give you stats . 
   the eu as a whole has a stagnating economy,
