   he aided in genocide . 
  by definition , that is not a passive act . 
  he was an active participant . 
  he was basically forced to . 
   in a long long history of seeing ridiculous strawmen on reddit this one is the most patently extreme , illogical , absurd and , frankly , stupid , i 've heard . 
  the ** only ** reason to sentence this guy is revenge . 
  he is not going to be rehabilitated , he is not a threat to the society . 
   if i say a thief should pay for stealing from the bank are you going to accuse me of wanting him flayed alive too ? 
  there are legitimate reasons to having a thief jailed . 
  such as rehabilitation and protection of society . 
  punishment has nothing to do with this . 
  if we wanted to punish anybody there are much better ways than jail . 
  there is a reason that we do n't flay people anymore . 
   being old is not and never will be an excuse to not be sentenced for fucking genocide . 
  i agree . 
  he is not being sentenced for genocide . 
  he is being sentenced for not rioting against the regime and throwing his life away with no results whatsoever . 
   he 's not a civillian . 
  he 's a soldier . 
  his job is to protect his country and his country men . 
  a soldier 's job is to follow orders without questioning them . 
   i 'll also point out he 's not a drafted , he volunteered . 
  i 'll also point out that he volunteered to waffen-ss not totenkopfverb\u00e4nde-ss . 
  a very big difference . 
   which is why he 's been charged with accesory to murder rather than out right murder . 
  if he had any part in murdering he would 've been charged after the war . 
  did you think they just forgot about this guy until now ? 
  the law was changed in 2011 and now you no longer need to prove someone was a part of the murders . 
  ** people are being charged with not overthrowing the third reich . 
  ** which is idiotic - that 's what i am trying to argue here . 
   let 's say i 'm 20 . 
  and i murder someone ... 
  1 ) the guy did n't murder anybody, 
  2 ) he did n't go into hiding, 
  3 ) would you be okay with going to jail for a murder that happened in your hometown 40 years ago because you did n't manage to stop it ? 
   are you saying i should walk free since i only did it that one time a couple decades ago and am no longer engaged in crime ? 
  read my previous post again . 
   then he should n't have signed up for that regime to begin with . 
  he was n't drafted . 
  as i said earlier , so called helpless good people doing nothing is why atrocity 's happen . 
  1 ) he joined in 1938 when the holocaust began . 
  he likely had no idea what was happening until he was transferred to auschwitz himself . 
  2 ) he did not join totenkopfverb\u00e4nde-ss out of his free will . 
  black people , asians , arabs are considered british as well, 
  i 'd say presidents of russia and china , if not some more countries . 
  while the us might be stronger than russia or china , the power the presidents have over their countries is basically unlimited . 
  the power of us president is very very limited by the congress etc. 
  if obama , putin and xi jinping all tried to start a nuclear war then i am almost certain obama would not succeed and i ca n't say that about putin or xi jinping . 
  i am too fly for you to eat me . 
   this is not really that culturally diverse, 
  12.8 % of americans are foreign born . 
  9.3 % of brits are foreign born . 
  drastic difference . 
  [ [ 1 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_foreign-born_population ), 
   so a lot of english `` diversity '' is non-white british and a lot of immigrants are white, 
  because `` white '' is a culture ? 
  white people have many different cultures , languages as well . 
  are you saying there is a single `` white '' culture ? 
   from someone who does not know what it is like to be culturally diverse, 
  uk and us are not that far apart with neither being near the most diverse countries . 
  [ [ 2 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_ranked_by_ethnic_and_cultural_diversity_level ), 
   unique cultural diversity, 
  explain please . 
   foreign born , does that include those born in the uk , like irish , welsh , etc. 
  foreign born includes people born outside of the uk . 
   i also feel like european 's do share a culture that is different from africa , india , middle east , latin america , etc. , so not specifically white , but european . 
  there are differences like language , etc , but i think there is a commonality as well . 
  considering nobody can really define a european culture ( if you can , or can find me a reputable source that most europeans agree to then i am willing to change my mind on this point ) and it is a * major * reason that people are against a european federation . 
  people from finland and spain have very little in common . 
  e : ironic that you say that considering eus motto is `` united in diversity '', 
  he is not saying pilots were chivalrous , but that they were better than army , right ? 
  also it happens that americans did bomb cities too . 
  am i missing something ? 
  what makes this guy a wehraboo ? 
  or is someone who says something bad about americans a wehraboo now ? 
   pilots were the most chivalrous combatants in the war, 
  yes ? 
  that means pilots were n't committing as many war crimes as the army ? 
  is that wrong ? 
  i am not saying that pilots were innocent here , just that they generally committed less war crimes than the army . 
  if you look at the [ german war crimes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_war_crimes ) then that is a very long list . 
  pilots committed very few of those . 
  that means luftwaffe  heer/waffen-ss in my book . 
   apart from that the general notion that pilots were in any way `` chivalrous '' is ridicules romanticism, 
  the person is not native english speaker ( by the looks of it ) and perhaps used the best word he could find . 
  chivalrous as in committed-less-war-crimes-than-the-army ( i ca n't think of a word to describe this myself ) . 
  sorry for the pinging , by the way , i was not aware that it was forbidden . 
   however the stuff they did definitely disqualifies them from being chivalrous in any way, 
  not all of luftwaffe did that . 
  some fathers abuse their children . 
  that does not disqualify fathers from being decent human beings . 
  also he did not say they were chivalrous , he replied to my comment here for clarification , read it . 
   also he does not show any sign of being non-native . 
  he has a hungarian flair in the other subreddit . 
   if he wanted to say they were better he could just say that . 
  that is what he thought he said . 
   the vast majority of german pilots were not honorable . 
  sources , please . 
   this policy contrasts with the american/british policy of bombing to disrupt troop movements and eliminate military industry . 
  must i link more ?
