   our laws favor men in subtle ways . 
  i would actually argue that they favor women seeing that they have to spend less time in prison for the same crimes . 
  edit : i see that my view is somewhat controversial so i am going to clarify a little . 
  i do n't think men are superior to women i think the points / u/scientific _ thinker made just are n't all that great . 
  if you downvote please leave a reply on what you disagree with , 
  i do n't think media will be enough here . 
  the ability to teleport would be unbelievably powerful . 
  bombshelters are now pretty much useless . 
  aircraft carriers are worthless because you got something that transports them faster . 
  terrain could no longer protect you . 
  the enemy could appear in the middle of your safehouses and things . 
  think of what a special agent team with the ability to teleport could do . 
  if a country declared war they could just go and assassinate every single leader and general and whatnot in the very night . 
  transporting troops takes months upon months . 
  now it can be done in seconds . 
  this is a superpower that would make the military who has it unstoppable . 
   the highest positions are still dominated by men . 
  women are underrepresented in stem fields, 
  but there is no restriction . 
  it seems to me majority of women just do n't want to go to stem fields or politics . 
  i do n't really see a problem here . 
   women still take their husbands name when they marry . 
  it 's an old tradition . 
  many people do n't do that . 
   you ignored the point that self defense works better for men than for women . 
  i do n't see how this is meant to challenge the view that women are inferior to men . 
   i see you completely ignored the genetic argument though . 
  i asked for proof and you provided it . 
  it was under gender favoritism not cultural though . 
  it feels like i have seen this video before . 
  edit : yeah this was posted to / r/watchpeopledie like 3 days ago . 
  here 's the link https://www.reddit.com/r/watchpeopledie/comments/3pocmi/first_person_airstrike/, 
  i think there is a misunderstanding here . 
  i thought the genetic point was that boys are more likely to get infections/diseases before being born or shortly after . 
  username :, 
  thenewgodss, 
  password :, 
  alright , here goes . 
  let me clear up what is happening :, 
  say you have internet speed ( up/down both ) of 50mbps . 
  right now every website loads at the max speed . 
  so it does n't matter if you 're looking at comcast 's homepage or some other isp 's homepage or whatever else . 
  now if net neutrality did die nothing would change about your isp 's homepage . 
  some other sites like other isp 's homepages would load slow . 
  now you might not care about some isp 's homepage * but * i bet you care that your youtube videos run smoothly , reddit does n't take a minute to load , facebook does n't take forever to load etc. 
  because things like that would happen eventually . 
  big internet service providers could make video platforms and such and you 'd be at their mercy . 
  you 'd either have to convert or have to deal with buffering/super slow sites if you did n't . 
   why ? 
  why would i be using service of a company that would deliberately slowing down certain sites ? 
  because big companies force smaller ones out of business quick . 
  the issue is especially big in usa where there are only a few dominant internet service providers . 
   why would the company do something so anti consumer ? 
  you could force people into using your video platform and charge them $ 20 a month ( or more ) and they 'd pay . 
  because it is either pay or give up videos for good . 
  you do n't take fighters . 
  you take their families - their children , parents , partners . 
  all of them ca n't fight . 
  how many are going to put their friends and family into danger to oppose the government ? 
  belongs to the armed forces of the us not civilians if i am not mistaken . 
   if anything , i would imagine such things would amplify insurgency , because people would want to fight against monstrosity more than they would against a simple conquering power . 
  it worked well enough for the nazis and here 's why : you take their families . 
  people ca n't go rogue with elderly/newborns or children . 
  at least it is very hard . 
  most people would n't oppose the government if they did that - monstrosity or not . 
  insurgents would be there and a problem but they would n't make it nearly unconquerable . 
   even the army disagrees, 
  could you provide me with a link that says anti-tank rifles and such are legal in the us . 
  also about that homemade bombs can defeat modern tanks . 
   if you think monstrous tactics kill insurgency , look at the middle east . 
  only time kills insurgency . 
  monstrous tactics stabilizes the country more than other tactics as the history has proven . 
  if they already did , yes . 
  if my actions could bring torture upon my family then i 'd avoid them as good as i can . 
   why did this war take so long ? 
  they used gurilla warfare , they would use snipers to take a few shots and run away , they would use roadside bombs to blow the hell out of unsupecting convoys , they used mortars to rain down fire from miles away . 
  and you did n't use the massive scale unethical counter-insurgency tactis and you did n't try to annex iraq . 
  if you wanted to annex it i dare say you would 've succeeded . 
  insurgents would still be there but not a huge problem . 
   also , keep in mind that it would be damn near impossible for any other military to secure an area the size of america , they simply dont have the manpower, 
  probably not . 
  even with reserved forces it 'd be damn difficult for even big countries . 
  who says it ca n't be divided by many countries though . 
   first the weapons the us military had did n't magically disappear . 
  presumably the insurgents have a lot of them . 
  probably confiscated by the new government . 
  which would make them even stronger . 
  if say 90 % of the us military had been destroyed i doubt that the remaining 10 % with other civilians is enough to defend the us against one ( or multiple if the land is divided ) organized army . 
   second insurgencies live and die by public support . 
  you 're assuming if they start killed off insurgents public support will die down , if anything the opposite would occur . 
  people and their associates killed for supporting insurgencies and the achievements of insurgents never talked of could do wonders , no ? 
  if insurgents * seemingly * can do very little who would put their families into danger to be an inconvenience ? 
   third even if insurgents only had rifles and hand made explosive they 'd be able to resist a military , see iraq for details . 
  correct me if i am wrong but the us never tried to annex iraq . 
  if they did very different tactics would 've been used . 
   the u.s. covers a huge amount of land , taking over the middle of the country would be the hardest , people are far more spread out , locking down a city would be hard enough now you have massive expanses of land to conquer , it will be difficult . 
  definitely . 
  a few big countries could do it though i think . 
   plus local pole and sheriffs departments are more militarized than ever before , most counties have swat teams , there are also militias scattered across the country . 
  if the majority of the military is defeated things * will * start falling apart .
