  without condoms , usually . 
  swimming . 
  here 's a clip , to show you i am not lying :, 
  it is a tradition from the soviet times , when alcoholism was blooming and life was good . 
  well , you see , the shops lacked diversity ( actually , you had to wait for 30 minutes before the shop opened to buy anything - the stores were bought empty ) so soda was rather hard to get . 
  vodka is n't a drink many enjoy for it 's taste - neither did we ( or the russians ) . 
  so to combat the harsh taste of vodka we ate pickles . 
  yeah , much of it was homemade ~ 50-70 % vodka . 
  the drinking `` culture '' was different as well , it was n't taking shots and then partying . 
  people were willing to do a days work for a bottle of vodka ( low level laborers ) , so it was sometimes was used as a currency . 
  they all did , actually . 
  climbing that career ladder . 
  haha , the commentator mentions he does n't drink outside of the competition . 
  these people in the video are all actors - the two in the middle being comedians who organize this . 
  they make around 4-6 sketches a year for a new years ' eve comedy show that is very popular in estonia ( that means new videos are coming in a week or so ! ) . 
  their comedy usually relies on shock value , or dark humor that reflects problems in society . 
  here are some more , not necessarily the best , but some that can either be understood without estonian or with english subtitles ( do n't forget to turn them on ! ), 
  1 ) [ undercover cops trying to bust a few drug dealers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6ow_n4fuv0 ), 
  2 ) [ need a new house ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqnkqpiv-mq ), 
  3 ) [ tv series better than breaking bad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjsk-tf1ypi ), 
  4 ) [ running ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w89fadcycuk ), 
  5 ) [ bunch of redditors ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqcgl9jans0 ), 
  6 ) [ knight rider ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-qieng2loo ), 
  oh and something for animal lovers :, 
  there were also oeselians ( estonians ), 
  their protesting causes people to lose jobs , miss weddings , births of their children and all kinds of such things . 
  i think blocking highways to protest is very unacceptable ( and stupid , as you will be run over and you 'll be the one to blame . 
  if you survive you will be paying for the damage you caused to the other person 's car ) . 
  this map says russia has ground troops fighting in syria . 
  where the fuck did they get that from ? 
  in the legend there are `` russian ground troops '' and they 're marked with russian flags . 
  if you look at the map you can see they 're on syrian regime grounds ( red ) . 
  russia has 2 bases in syria , tartus and latakia , so these are definitely russian bases . 
  what an inspiring reply . 
  it seems the nanobots are being very efficient in your case . 
  damned aristocrats . 
  you should award a delta if he has changed view . 
  asexual reproduction means less genetic diversity . 
  they 'd probably get wiped out by a plague some time or other . 
  oops . 
  this is most likely a su-30sm not su-33 . 
  also dogfights and agility are n't exactly the hot shit anymore . 
  they would happen in a big war ( where both sides have powerful radars , jammers etc. 
  ) , but not to the degree as they were in ww2 . 
  stealth is a much more valuable trait atm , with the right tactics you probably wo n't be shot down . 
  does n't mean they 're invisible or invincible as superb tech does n't save you from shitty tactics . 
  [ see f-117a shootdown in yugoslavia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_f-117a_shootdown ), 
  unless of course , russia has developed a way of detecting stealth planes . 
  i have no doubt such radars will come along rather soon , for a fraction of the price of a stealth plane too no doubt . 
  oh sure , but i meant reliably in a battle where there are many other planes flying around , the enemy is trying you jam your radars etc. 
  a small thing on a radar is n't going to be what you 'll be worrying about because it could just be a bunch of birds . 
  more powerful radars absolutely can detect stealth planes . 
  they look like a bunch of birds flying rather fast . 
  if you 're going to fly over a heavily defended military base alone with a f-22 i 'd bet 100 bucks on you being seen and shot down . 
  in a battle however stealth planes are hard to notice . 
  does anybody know what 's the point of this plane ? 
  other than looking cool of course . 
  i do n't see a point in destabilizing a civilian plane with forward-swept wings . 
  the only type of plane i can imagine benefiting from forward-swept wings is a fighter jet , but this does n't seem to be one . 
  this brings me to a conclusion that this is probably a training jet . 
  which is odd considering the su-47 project was cancelled iirc . 
  how can you tell ? 
  i see i was wrong about it being sm ( no canards ) , but how do you differentiate between su-30 / su-30mkk etc. 
   fucking clueless statement . 
  no bearing as to how any actual lo assets would be deployed and thus would `` fight '' . 
  it was an example of a dumb tactic . 
  essentially what you should n't do . 
  have you actually ever been to russia ? 
  or met a russian ? 
  edit :, 
   russians are submissive dogs, 
  is what he said, 
  where have you been in russia ? 
  are you aware what is happening in moscow currently ? 
  shows that you do n't know shit about russia . 
  most likely , yes . 
  stealth is a non-factor in dogfights though . 
  considering that pak-fa is a prototype , f-22 would probably take it anyway . 
  pak-fa is a prototype , and not ready for battle . 
  it is n't even stealthy , from what you can gather from these pictures . 
  it has a long way of improvements to go ( russian aviators expect it to be ready in 2020 or so ) . 
  i do n't think it has any real chance here . 
  of course we can not say anything for certain here ( even if they were both battle-ready ) as too much is classified . 
  t-50 is a prototype . 
  not much of a fight considering that . 
  second of all , this is cutting-edge technology . 
  so it is classified . 
  you probably have to wait 30-40 for declassification if not more years to get a good answer . 
  unless ww3 breaks out sooner and russia and america are opposed . 
  ( s ) he brought out examples of sites that do this . 
  gawker , jezebel . 
  here 's an example . 
  is this article on what you judge feminism on ? 
  in the 1700s it was common knowledge that people who washed their hands frequently were weirdos . 
  just saying something is common knowledge does n't make it true . 
  many big discoveries have been made by doubting `` common knowledge '' and researching these topics . 
  it is still in development according to wikipedia . 
  i wonder how useful it would be though .
