  we ( and all animals ) have a gene called myostatin which prevents muscle growth . 
  if you do n't have this gene or very little of it then you 're going to be very muscular . 
  you can google it and see what animals and humans lacking myostatin look like, 
  uh oh , we 've heard that before, 
  get a few heroes you can play - the more roles they can play the better ( nyx can play all roles etc ) . 
  trying to figure out the best pick on paper is n't going to work because you ca n't play most heroes very well - nobody can although you should definitely know what each heroes ' spells do . 
  i envy you . 
  skipping school . 
  that went well . 
  caffeine in it 's purest form is powder like cocaine . 
  i bet they would snort it . 
  the second one is a lie . 
  the second one . 
  just some random numbers and mention rice or something . 
  school . 
  i just do n't know how to force myself to go there . 
  i 've been skipping school once a week and do n't really know how to discipline myself . 
  best korea went to the sun though . 
  na man, 
  what 's evil about communism ? 
  he did n't mention communism , did he ? 
  is it worth making the life of the parents miserable and with that probably giving the person a bad life ? 
  it is a choice , if you feel like you can take care of the disabled person and give him a happy life then do it . 
  he loved children too, 
  while we 're at it , let 's delete stopsmoking ( and other such ) too . 
  we get it you 're trying to stop smoking , why do you have to tell everybody about it ? 
  why ? 
  techno music, 
  i did n't see anything about blaming when i briefly looked through the sub , plenty of ( what i think ) is bullshit but if it helps someone cope with a breakup then i guess it 's good for something . 
  still do n't think it should be deleted though, 
  absolutely depends on who he is, 
  in estonia the minimum wage is 320 euros . 
  that 's about 400 dollars . 
  actually dehydration kills you faster . 
  you could also mess with the railroad so the passengers woul die . 
  overpopulation solved . 
  only way is to have infinite ducks which would have infinite mass so earth would collapse into a black hole . 
  toilets do not need water to operate . 
  i guess you 're right about aquamenti though . 
  i 'd tell the idiots to get away from the train , does that work ? 
  loud techno music, 
  i do n't think a duck could pierce the rhino 's skin so they could n't kill him that way . 
  only other way i see it happening is a duck getting stuck in a rhino 's throat and suffocating him or enough ducks to crush the rhino under their weight . 
  well someone could 've done it in 1014, 
  i wish . 
  it 's per month . 
  sincere compliments are offensive now . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  not op and i do not not agree with him 100 % and sure religion helps people but i find the bad it does far outweighs the good . 
  murders , wars , terrorism or people disowning their children , discrimination etc. 
  - a lot of this is caused by religions and i think we should get rid of them . 
  that would make lawyers earn less , not care about winning and put them into a bad position . 
  government would hire cheap half assed lawyers who drag out the court case as long as possible to make as much money as possible . 
  cigarettes save government shit ton of money . 
  from a purely economic viewpoint cigarettes are some of the best things ever invented . 
  uh no . 
  religion has caused wars , murders , terrorism parents disowning their children , delayed sciencetific discoveries , helped slavery and so on . 
  the charities are more like a silver lining . 
  still does n't outweigh the profit . 
  it kills you slow enough that you can work for decades and then die so you do n't get to live old and retire so they do n't have to take care of you which is very expensive . 
  if you happen to get lung cancer then you 'll probably die in a few years and they do n't have to take care of you anymore . 
  taxes are just a bonus . 
  sure , you never hurt anyone but i think it would be beneficial for us to get rid of groups that promote these things . 
  because most religions have a lot of violence in them ( kill those people etc. ), 
  and even though a lot of people do n't pay attention to those parts of the scripture it is still there and still harmful . 
  is n't these points kind of controversial though ? 
  anti-bigotry and ( most ) religion ( s ) ? 
  for example the bible teaches us to hate homosexuals , kill atheists etc and even though most christians do not do this stuff i find it is still harmful to have these kinds of groups . 
  i do n't have anything against someone believing in a deity . 
  actually there are very few minorities in my country so i do n't know much about bigotry - that 's a topic quite rarely discussed here . 
  about violence , i guess yeah we had 700 years of slavery . 
  i am sure you are a tolerant christian and i am sure there are many other tolerant christians but that does n't make christianity good - somewhat like a person who is a member of kkk does n't have to be violent ( in fact most people of kkk are n't violent today ) but it would still be better to get rid of the group as it generates ( no matter how little ) violence and quite a lot of discrimination ( i 'd imagine ) . 
   suggesting that i abandon my faith, 
  i have n't suggested that , i suggested that the world would be better without religions which is not going to happen at least in near future . 
   should we abolish france because it has caused and continues to cause violence worldwide ? 
  if france had laws like -  kill people who are not of your religion , go ahead and have slaves , stone homosexuals , rape virgins in order to marry them etc then yes , the rest of the world should do something about it . 
   world would be better if i were missing a fundamental part of my identity, 
  if a fundamental part of your identity is being in a group that is promoting hate crime ( includes most but is not limited to religions ) then yes , i do think you would be a better person without being in that group . 
   besides , saying anything like that without policy ideas or strategies is just useless . 
  sure , blame everything on something you ca n't do anything about . 
  it 's all the religious peoples ' fault , not mine . 
  i 'm also somewhat insulted that people say all these problems are due to `` religion '' , lumping me in the same boat with isis . 
  well , the difference between isis and an average christian/muslim is that isis takes the scriptures literally and is `` more religious '' than you so to speak . 
  i am sorry if i have offended you - that is most definitely not my point . 
  i am sorry . 
  i assumed you were a christian or a muslim . 
  would you consider bible to be a book where are scriptures and laws that you live by ? 
  if you take it as your holy book and do not choose to ignore some parts then that makes you pretty horrible since it has pretty nasty stuff in there . 
  i think we should also learn to not put countries into situations like germany was in . 
  completely destroying their economy , huge reparations etc. 
  made the germans absolutely hate the world that did this to them . 
  if you are losing badly and ca n't do shit because of disables , you have to get a bkb or there will be no late game . 
  if a woman says `` fuck it i will get pregnant so he will have to pay for it '' she is n't very likely to be a good parent and use the financial support for herself , mistreat the child and so on . 
  it would be naive to think such person would take care of the child . 
  cutefemalecorpses is pornographic though, 
  you can see the a part of the original picture under the smoke 2/10, 
  willy potter, 
  salad and coffee, 
  was n't that a jar ? 
  you what now,
