  quick edit : i realized it was not the penalties that turned people into rebels but the harsh living conditions overall , yes ? 
  i guess i should award you a delta for it since you somewhat have changed my view ( or at least provided me with new evidence . 
  ! delta, 
   i have some friends who are very liberal , and some who are very conservative, 
  so both are common . 
  there is no real peer pressure , you wo n't be an outsider because you hold either view . 
  ladas are cars, 
   they do n't require items to give them their power . 
  powerful mages can use spells without wands and spells . 
  they 're a lot more powerful with them though . 
  i think everybody is underestimating dumbledore here . 
  dumbledore has the ability to turn invisible , teleport and other such spells . 
  if he turned invisible and used the imperio ( mind control ) spell on gandalf and yoda would n't he win ? 
  it was not dumbledore using the imperious curse though . 
  it was an average deatheater . 
  also harry had a fragment of voldemort in him who is the most powerful mage the potterverse has seen in over a thousand years ( according to dumbledore ) . 
  i bet dumbledore 's curse with the wand would be a lot more powerful . 
  he is the most brilliant ( not the strongest in raw power ) mage in the potterverse , i bet he can make something up . 
  i am not saying dumbledore would win here , but i think it is not fair to count him far above the others . 
  they seem to be weaker , yes , but a lot more flexible as well . 
  there are a lot of things a potterverse wizard can do that others ca n't . 
  dumbledore being one of the most brilliant wizards could probably come up with something and give the others a challenge . 
  not saying he 'd win but i think to say he has no chance is unfair . 
  first of all let 's get the definition of sympathy , so we 're clear what we are talking about here . 
  [ sympathy : feelings of pity and sorrow for someone else 's ** misfortune ** ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/sympathy ), 
  * owning a bible illegally ? 
  consequences are known and risks are willingly taken , no misfortune , no sympathy . 
  * illegal political position was held before the law was made - sympathy . 
  they did n't choose to break the law . 
  * illegal political position is held ( publicly at least ) after the law was made - no sympathy . 
  they chose to break the law , they knew what was coming . 
  2 ) slaves punished for escape :, 
  * these people did n't choose to be slaves . 
  i should feel sympathy for them . 
  3 ) germans :, 
  * they took the heroic position of standing up against the government that was violating human rights . 
  they knew they were breaking the law , there was no misfortune . 
  no sympathy ( but a lot of respect ) . 
  * people do n't choose to be homosexual . 
  see the point about slaves . 
  i should feel sympathy . 
  about cannabis :, 
  * you choose to break the law . 
  it is no misfortune ( unless you 're drugged against your will ) . 
  therefore i should feel no sympathy for people who take the risk and get caught . 
  i do n't support the prohibition of cannabis , but i will feel no sympathy for you if you decide to take the risk and decide to enjoy it anyway , getting arrested . 
   you have to cherry-pick dictionaries and definitions to find that qualification, 
  it was the first thing that came up in oxford dictionary . 
  very well though , that might 've been a little too specific . 
   furthermore , i , as with nearly all non-sociopaths , find myself feeling sympathy all the time for people that got exactly what they deserved . 
  the cmv is not about if you feel sympathy . 
  it is about if you * should * feel sympathy . 
  there is a very big difference here . 
  feelings ca n't be controlled , but the rational thing to do would be to not feel sympathy . 
  kind of like some people miss abusive exes . 
  should you miss them ? 
  no , they 're shitty people . 
  do you miss them ? 
  yes , because feelings such as this ca n't really be controlled . 
   what does it mean to be a slave ? 
  it means that in addition to all of the things one must do , there is an even bigger list of things one is prohibited from doing . 
  that 's a very bad definition of slave . 
  by that definition every citizen of the us is a slave - they have to pay taxes and they ca n't murder people for example . 
  definition of slave is :, 
   a person who is the property of and wholly subject to another ; a bond servant . 
   a person entirely under the domination of some influence or person :, 
   * a slave to a drug . 
   just as they did not choose to be prohibited from doing whatever they wish to and with their own bodies , people do not choose to be prohibited form using drugs . 
  it 's the same thing ( except in degree , obviously ) . 
  people actually do . 
  by living in a country you accept the laws of the country . 
  so people do choose to be prohibited . 
  it 's kind like using google - you can use google but if you do that you agree to their terms and conditions , which states that they can collect your data etc. 
  it 's not much of a choice , but there is a choice . 
   i mean , you intentionally changed my words describing prohibition of homosexual behavior into a prohibition of homosexuality itself . 
  sorry about that , i did n't read your post correctly and made a mistake . 
  also , people who are tortured for homosexual sex in uganda are done so illegally as the law says they can be only sentenced for life . 
  if you have homosexual sex in uganda you do deserve to be sentenced for life as you have agreed to the laws by being in the country . 
  bloody revolts by the peasants very rarely work out for the peasants . 
  i think robots would make it even worse for `` peasants '' . 
  i think it has more to do with similarities . 
  people want to belong and so it is more likely that a basketball player is friends with other basketball players , yes ? 
  now if there was a fight between basketball players and football players , a basketball player would be more likely to join the other basketball players instead of the football player . 
  so this is kind of like racism but a smaller scale of similarities . 
  if a bunch of black kids and white kids are in a fight a white kid is more likely to join the other white kids regardless if he 's a basketball player and the others are football players . 
  he is more likely to join the group that he thinks ( subconciously ) he is more similar to and race is a pretty big factor here . 
  i am sure if a bunch of human and alien kids were fighting , a human would be more likely to join the humams regardless of race . 
  let me know if my points are very messy and ca n't be understood , i 'll try to explain better when i get access to a computer . 
  [ this is what a russian cruise missile looks like ] ( http://gfycat.com/lawfulbogusiraniangroundjay ), 
   fascism has killed far less people than communism has, 
  for how long were facist states `` a thing '' ? 
  at most 20 years . 
  while communism started falling apart in the 90s . 
  even today there are 4 communist countries , one of which is china . 
  i think it is unfair to compare communism and facism - the population of communist states was much higher than that of facist states ( combined ) . 
  communism lasts to this day while facism is long dead ( as official ideology in a country , anyway . ), 
   that is despite his use of chemical weapons ,, 
  iirc there is no proof that assad did that . 
  since some terrorist groups have been caught with chemical weapons as well , is there a way to tell who used it ? 
   and it 's the primary reason that , for assad to regain firm control over syria , he will have to engage in brutality that makes the previous atrocities look like child 's play .
