  may i ask if you 're a muslim or ex-muslim ? 
  the muslims i 've seen talk about this seem to believe in a very different thing . 
  supremacism or not the meaning of allahu akbar does not and can not mean `` our god is greater '' . 
  islam acknowledges no other gods whatsoever . 
  doing so would be a risk factor for islam . 
  it would make people think that perhaps their god is not the most powerful one . 
  perhaps another god can get them to paradise , too ? 
  wikipedia article about [ that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/takbir ) . 
   i would n't be surprised that most muslims think allahu akbar means `` god is great '', 
  then it does mean that . 
  it does n't matter what it was originally supposed to mean ( it was n't originally my god is greater either ) . 
  for example gay used to mean joyfully . 
  today you ca n't use these interchangeably and gay definitely does n't mean joyfully anymore . 
  iirc poland does n't have such sams . 
  they have groms which would still pretty easily down any ww2 german planes . 
   that 's the only way, 
  i do n't know , mate . 
  i seem to be speaking english well enough to communicate clearly . 
  i do n't think `` hunting '' should be used in gebirgsj\u00e4gerbataillon , although that is the meaning of `` j\u00e4ger '' . 
  in military terms it is usually used for light infantry e.g fallschirmj\u00e4ger are n't parachutehunters but paratroopers . 
   yecs maintain that creation was an exception , and that since then virtually everything has continued on due to natural law . 
  there are no exceptions in physics . 
  everything that happens is in the bounds of the physical laws . 
  this is already interfering with science . 
  what stops us from just calling things we do n't understand exceptions and not bothering with them anymore ? 
  this would hinder progress very badly . 
   if god is eternal then he is uncaused : he exists in a constant state , and is not constrained by time . 
  why exactly ca n't this be assigned to the universe ? 
   i do n't believe in the theory of evolution, 
  see the point about scientific literacy . 
  if a * major * flaw was discovered in the theory of evolution it would pretty much make all the scientific null as we have would have a ** massively ** flawed understanding of the world . 
   well , i think you 'll find that most religious people , including all christians , disagree with you on this . 
  irrelevant . 
  if i convince everybody in the world to disagree with my phone falling down and breaking then it still does n't matter . 
  the phone fell down and broke . 
  we have no say in this . 
  none . 
   so while you believe there are no exceptions and i believe there are few, 
  it does n't matter what i believe or do n't believe . 
  there are no documented exceptions or miracles and nothing to hint at any ever happening . 
   this is n't an issue with anything which does n't experience time . 
  time ` started ' with the big bang :, 
   [ ... ] time itself , had a beginning in the big bang , about 15 billion years ago . 
  from http://www.hawking.org.uk/the-beginning-of-time.html, 
   most science , however , is unconcerned with the distant past, 
  yes . 
  this has nothing to do with the topic . 
  we 're not learning history here , but the theory of * how * it happened . 
  the only way history is relevant here is because these things have happened in the past . 
   yes , i agree , you have a massively flawed understanding of the world . 
  if someone proves that the things we call evolution ( breeding of gmos , sweeter and bigger apples ) indeed does n't happen , then yes , my understanding of the world is massively flawed as would be the view of most scientists . 
   you 're saying that there was nothing , and then all of a sudden , for no reason , even though no time was passing , nothing exploded and created everything ? 
  that seems implausible to me . 
  hawking said that , not me . 
  i even linked his lecture , did you read it ? 
  also big bang was n't really an explosion , but more like a rapid expansion . 
   that requires a gain in information content , which i do n't think is possible through natural selection and differential reproduction . 
  our beliefs are irrelevant . 
  what matters is actual evidence :, 
  here 's an overview : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_descent#evidence_of_universal_common_descent, 
  or if you 'd like to read everything : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evidence_of_common_descent, 
  if that is not enough , then there are some books under `` further reading '' ( below the sources . ), 
  if you want to go with your beliefs then that 's fine by me , but i thought that people in this sub ( changemyview , after all ) were open minded and ready to challenge their beliefs  . 
  while learning words , cases and grammar is a good way to start , i suggest you find a russian forum on your hobbies . 
  you wo n't understand much at first keep on working through the posts with a dictionary . 
  you ca n't really learn a language if you have no use for it . 
  i would strongly suggest a forum on something you are passionate about . 
  for me it would probably be aviation and an example of the a russian aviation forum would be http://aviaforum.ru/ . 
  do n't bother learning from there if aviation is something you 're not interested in , though . 
   if any other country with a mention-worthy credit rating made such a law , their economy would most likely be smoldering ruins the next day , and unless they were a major international player , they 'd probably be bankrupt even before the law was actually passed into force . 
  so , russia ? 
  it 's bizarre , it 's like their elite does n't understand or care that people are motivated by self-interest and if you take that away nobody gives a shit how a job is done anymore . 
  almost no innovation in their country right now because some friend of the elites will take over a company that becomes successful . 
  better live under fascism than the disease that was the soviet union . 
  the difference between gulags and death camps was that anyone could be sentenced to gulag , but only jews , gays , blacks etc. 
  were sentenced to death camps . 
  also the soviet union destroyed the baltics economically and imported tons of russians who still want the empire back and hate the country . 
  nazi germany was a lot better than the soviet union under stalin imo . 
   everywhere the nazis went they murdered anyone in their path and left a trail of devastation, 
  the soviet union was any better ? 
  deporting people who had good lands or were well off to siberia because the union needed the land to give to someone else ? 
  educated people sent off or executed because `` they were dangerous to the regime '' as if the baltics invaded the union and not the other way around . 
   just look at how they destroyed warsaw and murdered it 's entire population . 
  they did that to every country they came across . 
  again how was the soviet union any different ? 
  on the 9th of march 1944 the soviets bombed tallinn . 
   almost 4 million soviet pows murdered by german savages . 
  tens of millions of civilians murdered just because they were considered ` subhuman ' . 
  are you telling me the soviet union did n't torture and execute and deport germans , estonians , latvians ? 
   death camps , eugenics , police state . 
  would you want to live under that hell ? 
  only braindead nazis would want that hell back . 
  i do n't want it back . 
  all i am saying is that it was better than the soviet union which did all that , but to anyone who got in their way or someone thought it was better to get rid of . 
  nazis murdered jews , slavs , gays etc. 
  soviets murdered everybody equally and sold off their food to fuel their military even though millions died because of that . 
  it 's even worse than nazi germany . 
  at least they cared about their own people and were only cruel to others . 
   because the balts were extremely hateful to the soviet goverment , and when the germans invaded they openly collaborated with with them , joined with them in killing jews and partisans etc, 
  what would you do if another country invaded ?
