  im girl btw  ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  would you take child under your care to prevent someone 's abortion ? 
  i watched your invoker game ( part 1 ) and i wanted to ask about your skillbuild . 
  is there any reason you go quas before wex against a pudge who ca n't really harass you and deals high amounts of burst damage with hook and rot so you either live with low hp or die . 
  would n't wex be better in that case for that little movement speed bonus to potentially dodge hooks ? 
  i watched your match and here are some things that you should consider doing or not doing . 
  * you warded the bottom rune . 
  why ? 
  did anyone really use the vision anyhow ? 
  would n't that ward benefit you more elsewhere ? 
  * you stayed out of exp range when it was pretty safe going there . 
  * when you went back to base at around 8 minutes you just kept your camera at the fountain - you should use that time to check out peoples ' builds , sort out potential problem makers and try to shut them down , see what your allies are building so you do n't end up with 2 meks etc. 
  * after that you teleported back to lane although axe did n't need your help , the lane was pushed so you could n't get anything out of it . 
  you should 've saved the tp to teleport to some lane where someone needed help . 
  * axe was pushing the lane hard at the laning stage . 
  try pulling - easy money and exp for a support . 
  * you should have tp at all times espescially as a support . 
  * your team groups up a lot and makes chronoing you easy . 
  * you waste time , money and exp sitting around doing nothing or running around while you could get exp from lanes . 
  * you forget to use mana boots when you need mana . 
  i just brought out the things you missed/did badly , but there were stuff you did well too for example i really liked your ward trap on sniper ( bottom lane ), 
  hope this helps . 
  how are you going to afford 10000 camels ? 
  i googled the prices and the cheapest camels apparently cost around $ 1000 dollars . 
  assuming you want some good quality camels you 'd have to spend few million dollars . 
  i like the idea though . 
  fahrenheit is fucked up, 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  i 'll try that when i get enough money for some gear . 
  i will definitely try that out and get some starting money . 
  thanks for your answer !, 
  i have already secured my account and computer . 
  i can do farming while smelting steel bars/training combat and such , right ? 
  i will check that out . 
  thanks for your answer !, 
  this scene seems kinda unrealistic . 
  the dude 's s ` posed to be a master fighter and he just waves his spear awkwardly not even thinking of deflecting the sword . 
  also he could 've just thrown the spear and impaled jorah like he did with the other guy . 
  and since we are already talking about throwing spears - wtf where the masked guys doing . 
  they had a lot of people , they are rich and they choose to try to be heroes and engage in close combat with some of the best fighters in the world with knives against spears . 
  could n't they just get 20 something archers that would kill khaleesi and be done with it ? 
  unless her husband was the one paying them then i guess they could n't . 
  but still later on when they were in the arena and her husband was already stabbed - why did n't they just throw spears at them ? 
  i do n't think jorah getting beaten was very unrealistic - correct me if i am wrong but it is n't implied that he is one of the best in westeros . 
  and the men against him were n't exactly random blokes from the street but skilled fighters . 
  [ spoilers ], 
  what is so likable about sansa ? 
  i guess she has had so much shit and everybody 's sorry for her and whatnot but i do n't see how she is an interesting character . 
  i think ramsay is definitely an interesting if not likable character . 
  what if i have no siblings ? 
  you 're supposed to get pretty drunk before going to a club m8, 
   9 points ( 59 % upvoted ), 
  i find it hilarious that a lot people of come here to laugh at arabs and muslims and such but get butthurt when their own ideals are questioned . 
  so you have a lot of fat people but also a lot of very fit people ? 
  also you have more fit people than who ? 
   you need a premium membership to access this statistic . 
  nice . 
  healthiness of a country is n't measured by the amount of the healthy people but the percentage of the healthy people . 
  say we have country a and country b :, 
  country a has a population of 400m . 
  in country a 25 % of the people live a healthy life . 
  country b has a population of 1m . 
  in country b 100 % of the people live a healthy life . 
  country a is by no means 16 times healthier that country b. 
  country b is 4 times healthier than country a. 
  hey that 's a great idea, 
  all these links but you can just double right-click and select loop . 
  it 's a coin toss really . 
  it 's either your team listens and you all have a great time or they tell you `` noob storm stop farming and fight '' , but i try . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  usually that 's kind of what i try to do but gets difficult if the enemies ' squishiest support is winter wyvern . 
  thanks for the reply though i 'll try focusing on that more . 
  first of all : thank you for taking the time for writing this !, 
  1 ) itemization : what i have been doing is something like this : tangos + null talisman -  bottle -  brown boots + tp -  treads -  soul ring -  bloodstone -  eul 's ( if the enemy outfarmed me and will get an orchid/orchid ( if i am doing well ) . 
  -  shiva 's / linken 's . 
  you mentioned boots of travel so i am not sure when should i get those ? 
  usually when playing splitpushing heroes ( such as anti-mage ) i get them before my 6th item so i always have a tp ready - perhaps i should get bots earlier ? 
  2 ) dire or radiant : i am quite comfortable playing on radiant as the jungle is nearby and i can stack without losing out on last hits in the lane , but when i am playing dire i really have no time to stack ( that is it probably will be worse than staying in lane ) unless i am going back . 
  any way i could change this ? 
  thanks !, 
  i love the series , but i think it does n't really qualify . 
  [ spoilers ] ( #s `` fitz is mostly average and oblivious to a lot of stuff , i ca n't really think of a thing he is \\ `` the best \\ '' at - there are plenty of better fighters , people stronger and more skilled at skill and wit . 
  he is not even the best assassin/manipulator who controls the duchies - that would be chade . 
  although he is retired and somewhat senile now , but fitz does n't even hold quarter of the strings chade did . 
  the only thing fitz really has got going for him in terms of being powerful is that he does n't really age ( also means hobb can keep on writing books about him for as long as she wants , which is great ) and he heals incredibly quick at the cost of having to eat a lot . 
  he is not even the catalyst any longer . 
  perhaps hobb will do something with fitz being able to control the skill around him ( think of him being able to use the skill to modify people and such ) but that 's up to her . 
  i guess we will have to wait and see  '' ), 
  are you sure it is illegal ? 
  even with the permission of a judge ? 
  no-knock raids are done so the dealer wo n't have time to destroy evidence . 
  if you go knocking they can flush it down the toilet and there goes your evidence . 
  must be crossroads of twilight, 
  no , you are not very slow with armor . 
  you are slightly slower than a person without armor and get exhausted a lot faster but you are not very slow with armor . 
  i agree that he 'd probably lose against a mountain lion though . 
   if the us launches a preliminary invasion to capture canadian oil fields, 
  implying the rest of the world is full of dumb idiots who would just give away such valuable territory . 
  the us would n't be able to take the land quick enough without the full power of their military - and if they did that then they would leave their own territory unprotected . 
   most powerful industrial might in the world,
