  would you not feel hateful towards them ? 
  i think the feelings of balts are entirely justified here , especially considering the soviet government tried to organise multiple * coup * s in the baltic region . 
   over 100.000 latvians fought in the ` latvian legion ' which was created on himmler 's and hitler 's orders . 
  they still hold parades today in honor of them . 
  these people fought ( usually , that is ) for their countries not the nazi ideology . 
  do you think brits and later west germany would 've accepted high ranking and well decorated officers like [ alfons rebane ] ( https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/alfons_rebane ) into their ranks ? 
  they just fought the people who tried to occupy their country and joined anyone who would give them the means to do so . 
   deportations were the most humane thing to do, 
  right . 
  because the wealthy farmers were the partisans . 
  and so were the university teachers and poets . 
  not the people actually fighting in the forests . 
   not true . 
  in order to join ` latvian legion ' and other legions you needed to give an oath to be loyal and to fight for adolf hitler . 
  what 's such an oath worth ? 
  the mi6 and west german intelligence agencies did n't think much of them . 
  also , do you not realise that being occupied by nazis would 've been preferable to that of the occupation of the soviets ? 
  so the only people who think the soviet regime was shit are balts and nazis ? 
  that 's pretty fucking delusional , mate . 
  finding exploits or abusing bugs is very very different from creating a bot , though . 
  cough ^ ^ 85000 ^ ^ karma cough, 
  he voluntarily joined waffen-ss which was n't much worse than wehrmacht . 
  he did ** not ** volunteer to join ss-totenkopfverb\u00e4nde , he was transferred there because of his injuries . 
  the fact he trashed americans ( 9/11 ) in some other conversation does n't have anything to do with this argument . 
  you bringing this up * is * ad hominem . 
  you tried to discredit him by mocking his other positions which do n't have anything to do with the current discussion . 
  perhaps some countries do n't like doing this stuff in backwards ways like the us ? 
  also he did not voluntarily stay at the death camp . 
  ss was a very big organisation with a nearly million people in it . 
  ss-totenkopfverb\u00e4nde ( death squads and people who took care of the concentration camps - where he was involuntarily transferred to ) and waffen ss ( what he joined ) are very different . 
  waffen ss was basically a regular military unit like the wehrmacht . 
  for what purpose ? 
  to satisfy your desire for revenge ? 
  then why stop there ? 
  why not file his teeth and pull out his nails , pour molten metal into his eyes or watch him `` battle '' a tiger ? 
  the old man is no threat to society anymore . 
  he tried to get back to the front lines to fight but his requests were rejected twice . 
  oh yeah , i messed up . 
  oops . 
  the waffen-ss was under the command of wehrmacht and served alongside heer ( army ) . 
  there were some other differences as well i.e you needed a much higher education to be an officer in the heer rather than waffen ss . 
  wehrmacht also did n't accept non-german citizens . 
  saying that the people in the * waffen-ss * ( does not apply to other ss units ! ), 
  were more ideologically motivated is such a blanket statement and honestly just wrong . 
  there definitely were reasons to join waffen-ss rather than heer whether it be lack of education or being a foreigner . 
  here is a great article discussing the differences : http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/europe/de-waffen-ss-heer.htm, 
   so instead of guarding the men killing jews , homosexuals , gypsies , the disabled, 
  he had an office job . 
   he wanted to go to the front line and kill russians defending themselves and their neighbors ? 
  that is what war is , yes . 
  american soldiers have killed afghans , vietnamese , iraqis etc. 
  and their neighbors defending themselves . 
  fighting for one 's country does n't necessarily make one a bad person . 
   sounds like he deserved it either way , being ss and all . 
  what kind of a reason is that ? 
   fighting for one 's country involves defending it from a threat, 
  if that was all that was ever done we 'd have no wars . 
  it does n't really happen that way , though . 
  honestly i do n't see what 's so bad about him fighting for his country if you think some of the stuff the us does is justified . 
   i 'm not gon na argue with someone who does n't see why someone in the ss can only be described as a villain . 
  presumably you know he voluntarily only joined the waffen-ss ( which was a part of the wehrmacht ) and was involuntarily transferred to ss-totenkopfverb\u00e4nde ( i can see it can only be described as a villain , but the guy was n't there voluntarily . ), 
  please enlighten me why someone from waffen-ss should be sentenced to jail and someone from heer should n't ? 
  neither heer nor waffen-ss committed any `` serious '' war crimes ( they did to some extent , but so did americans , brits etc. 
  and this should be a case by case analysis ) . 
  the holocaust was managed by ss-totenkopfverb\u00e4nde and allgemeine-ss with help from other police organisations such as gestapo ( they were considered outsiders ) . 
   however as an american i can safely and confidently say some of the shit we 've gotten up to is completely unacceptable and those responsible should be punished . 
  alright , do you propose we should jail all vietnam veterans ( including those who were drafted ) ? 
  some 500000 people , because they did n't stand up to the us government and let the war crimes happen ? 
   if more so called good and innocent people stood up to tyrants , millions of lives would be saved . 
  it 's not like he could just leave , auschwitz was very heavily guarded place . 
  what else could he have done ? 
  i think you 're holding people to very high standards here . 
  it is quite like sentencing people to jail for not running into a burning building to save a baby . 
   asking him to give up 5 of his after living a long life is asking someone to to write off a thousand dollar debt for a dollar . 
  so what you want is revenge , to satisfy your blood thirst ? 
  why stop there then , why not call out for him to be tortured ? 
  his teeth to filed sharp and his nails to be pulled out ? 
  the guy is no danger to anybody anymore . 
  why did n't he just tell them to fuck off and just apply to a chocolate factory down the street , right ? 
  apparently he tried to get transferred . 
   the accused was sent there after being wounded in battle and his request to rejoin his comrades on the front had been rejected twice, 
  apparently he tried to get transferred . 
   the accused was sent there after being wounded in battle and his request to rejoin his comrades on the front had been rejected twice, 
  he requested to be transferred twice . 
  he was n't . 
   the accused was sent there after being wounded in battle and his request to rejoin his comrades on the front had been rejected twice, 
  he was waffen-ss , got injured on a battlefield and was transferred to totenkopfverb\u00e4nde-ss . 
  he tried to get transferred back to the front lines but his requests were denied twice . 
  apparently he tried to get transferred to the front lines twice and was denied both times . 
  no , actually , the law was only changed in 2011 . 
  before that you needed to prove individual guilt in the process of killing the prisoners . 
  do you think we should 've had another holocaust , for the germans ? 
  the ss had a million employees . 
  waffen-ss had a million other soldiers . 
   are you kidding ? 
  asking people to not help the government exterminate minorities is too high a standard ?!, 
  oh right , he should 've told the officers that they should n't kill jews . 
  auschwitz would 've been closed immediately , i am sure . 
  if he told them to fuck themselves and refused to follow orders it is likely he would 've been shot . 
  asking people to sacrifice their lives and possibly the lives of their families is too high of a price .
