  dogfighting does n't really happen all that often anymore ( doubtless it would happen more during a `` real '' war ) . 
  is the maneuverability really that important nowadays ? 
  i 'm thinking it could possibly be made for the navy considering it has a short take off distance/landing distance . 
  pacal is such a fucking quitter . 
  i think you 're doing russians very much injustice by comparing t-72 and ztz-99 . 
  the first version of t-72 was actually t-64 ( the upgrades were named to t-72 instead of t-64xxxx because of political reasons - it was not a new tank . ) . 
  it was developed in the '50s and entered service in ' 62 . 
  essentially it is a second generation tank . 
  the ztz-99 was developed in the 90s and entered service in 2001 . 
  it is a 3rd generation tank . 
  you 'd be much better off comparing t-90am and ztz-99a3 as they 're from the same generation . 
  if you were to compare things with 30 years between their development you could say that american planes are obviously way inferior because p-51 stands no chance against su-27 . 
  these two are just not comparable . 
  1 ) they were developed in the 50s and they still work ( with upgrades ) so there 's no reason to change them as of now . 
  they 're expected to serve till 2040 as is b-52 - american bomber from the same era . 
  2 ) turboprop is actually more useful than turbofan if you 're not flying at a speed over 0.8 mach . 
  they just struggle a little at supersonic speeds . 
  i realize i 've made some serious reading errors and you 're absolutely right . 
  that 's some very expensive vodka . 
  where i live the cheapest vodka you can get is around 5 $ / 0,5 l ( 5.4 $ / 17oz ) . 
  the quality ones are 1-2 $ more expensive . 
  i swear the prices have nothing to do with alcoholism . 
  0,5 l of vodka where i live is around 5 $ . 
  pretty much same in estonia . 
  the `` fighter jet '' you linked is a combat trainer . 
  what makes a fighter jet a fighter jet and not just a jet ? 
  technology and ability to carry munitions . 
  it does n't have either ( judging from the price , $ 5m for a fighter jet is super cheap ) . 
  what you 're left with is a regular jet that works on turbojets . 
   having a jet engine and being designed primarily to fight other aircraft rather than ground targets as well as for establishing air superiority and being generally smaller and more maneuverable than other aircraft . 
  well , there you have it . 
  it was designed to be a trainer jet and not to be a fighter jet . 
  it has no fighting capabilities whatsoever . 
  like a gun that can only shoot blanks . 
  radar systems , military grade satellites ( i 've heard civilian gps does n't work at certain altitudes and that plane sure does n't have glonass ) , ability to attach ( it is n't just tying them to wings with string ) munitions , ability to launch munitions , defensive capabilities are nonexistent on this plane . 
  it is not a figher-jet , it is a trainer aircraft made only for learning how to fly fighter-jets . 
   taking a fighter jet and replacing it 's ammunition with blanks does n't render it into a non-fighter jet, 
  no it does n't . 
  su-27ub is n't a su-27 with its armament `` ripped out '' . 
  it is a plane specifically built for training , never combat . 
  the only similarity is in its shape and similar flight controls . 
  also how is the link you provided proving that su-27ub is a fighter jet ? 
  do n't put words into my mouth . 
  the only argument i 've made is that su-27ub is a trainer and not a fighter jet . 
  why would they be ? 
  patriotism and blind following of the state is not as strong imo - even if it is not talked about publicly . 
   we literally had the entire iraq army try to kill them in 2 wars with gen 3 russian tanks and whatever anti armor they had during desert storm and iraqi freedom and the only time we really ever lost any of them was when al queda started burying 150mm artillery shells 4 - 10 at a time and blowing them up as tanks rolled over them . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   the majority of iraqi armoured forces still used old chinese type 59s and type 69s , soviet-made t-55s from the 1950s and 1960s , and some t-72s from the 1970s in 1991 . 
  these machines were not equipped with up-to-date equipment , such as thermal sights or laser rangefinders , and their effectiveness in modern combat was very limited . 
  so the majority of tanks the iraqis used was from first generation . 
  some few were second gen tanks . 
  no third gen tanks . 
  some more :, 
   the iraqi tank crews used old , cheap steel penetrators against the advanced chobham armour of these us and british tanks , with disastrous results . 
  the iraqi forces are a shitshow - bad equipment and bad training . 
  a very biased way to boast with your strength when what you 've done is hit an idiot in a wheelchair . 
   there are also records of abrams driving through minefields with little to no issues , but i did n't find what kind of mines they were . 
  i 'd guess anti-personnel . 
  most likely personnel mines indeed . 
   i 'm not saying the abrams is indestructible , but it will take a lot to beat it into submission . 
  it 's hard to express just how impressive these things are . 
  i 'd agree if you are comparing it to tiger tanks ( and pretty much anything from that time period , there was no need to try to penetrate such strong armor as abrams has . ), 
  however saying that it will take a lot to beat into submission , well , yes . 
  but you can do it today if you prepare for it even without modern supplies . 
  ( not talking about this scenario ) . 
  here 's a clip of abrams tank driving over an ied ( 2006 iraq ) . 
  absolutely true , no arguing that . 
  i was just mentioning you made small mistake that iraqi forces used 3rd gen tanks . 
  interesting . 
   it would be possible to implement the minsk agreements on ukraine in coming months to allow for a lifting of sanctions on russia . 
  from what i understand he wants to force the minsk agreement , yes ? 
  if anyone is interested , these are the points that the agreement handles :, 
  * to ensure an immediate bilateral ceasefire . 
  * to ensure the monitoring and verification of the ceasefire by the osce . 
  * decentralisation of power , including through the adoption of the ukrainian law `` on temporary order of local self-governance in particular districts of donetsk and luhansk oblasts '' . 
  * to ensure the permanent monitoring of the ukrainian-russian border and verification by the osce with the creation of security zones in the border regions of ukraine and the russian federation . 
  * immediate release of all hostages and illegally detained persons . 
  * a law preventing the prosecution and punishment of persons in connection with the events that have taken place in some areas of donetsk and luhansk oblasts . 
  * to continue the inclusive national dialogue . 
  * to take measures to improve the humanitarian situation in donbass . 
  * to ensure early local elections in accordance with the ukrainian law `` on temporary order of local self-governance in particular districts of donetsk and luhansk oblasts '' . 
  * to withdraw illegal armed groups and military equipment as well as fighters and mercenaries from ukraine . 
  * to adopt a program of economic recovery and reconstruction for the donbass region . 
  * to provide personal security for participants in the consultations . 
  and then two weeks later there were some more things agreed upon ( due to the violation of ceasefire by both parties ) :, 
  * to pull heavy weaponry 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) back on each side of the line of contact , creating a 30-kilometre ( 19 mi ) buffer zone, 
  * to ban offensive operations, 
  * to ban flights by combat aircraft over the security zone, 
  * to withdraw all foreign mercenaries from the conflict zone, 
  * to set up an osce mission to monitor implementation of minsk protocol, 
  it collapsed and from what i understand kerry agrees to lift sanctions if this is implemented again . 
  value of the ruble has grown by 5 % ( or more by now ) today . 
  probably because oil prices are increasing as well . 
  the cameraman getting hit really makes it worse imo . 
  the oil prices have been rising rapidly today and yesterday ( more than it lost the week before ) . 
  i am not sure how you could see changes that fast though . 
  yes , ruble follows the oil prices . 
  i was commenting on there not being a rebound . 
  obviously life quality wo n't get better in a day .
