  i was just going by what me and some friends ( and other people i know at the gym ) achieved in a month . 
  do you mind sharing some info about yourself ? 
  how often do you work out ? 
  ( days a week ), 
  on a scale from 1-10 how hard would you say you push yourself ? 
  1 being something along the lines of not breaking a sweat , no pump etc. 
  10 is close to puking . 
  how old are you , how much do you weigh , how tall are you ? 
  are you following some kind of program ? 
  how 's your diet ? 
  cutting/bulking/maintaining etc. 
  how much sleep do you get each night ? 
  alright so you 're in a different position than me altogether . 
  when i joined the gym i had some friendly rivalry going on with my best mate so my only goal was to bench deadlift squat and overhead press more than him . 
  i think that really helped me a ton . 
  we used the same weight or similar for main exercises and every day in the gym was a battle for most reps. 
  secondly , i think you really are underestimating your strength dude . 
  so you do 37 romanian deadlifts and 60 squats with very low rest times and then go for the set from which you calculate your max ? 
  that 's a bad way to approach that and i am pretty sure the estimated 1rm is wrong . 
  thirdly - romanian deadlifts are harder than conventional or sumo . 
  there 's a reason nobody does romanian deadlifts at competitions . 
  you could try this : next time you go to your gym go 10 minutes before you usually do . 
  warm up and do some deadlifts at ~ 40kg ( 3-5 reps ) . 
  then load the bar up to 60kg ( count the bar , i hope you 've been doing that ) . 
  try to deadlift it . 
  i am pretty sure you can do it , i would n't bet my head on it but some money for sure ( to be honest i think you could pull way more than 60kg , but let 's set some low estimations ) . 
  pull the weight in your preferred stance , i hope you 've been doing conventional or sumo pulls as well , but if not go for the romanian style . 
  if you decide to do this let me know how it went  . 
  for bench i think you are even closer . 
  1rm calculators say 49kg for 10 reps at 37.5 kg . 
  by the time you actually did that set you already had done 20 reps of bench + some filler exercises if i understand you correctly . 
  i am thinking you should be able to bench 57.5 kg for one when you 're rested , but perhaps not quite yet . 
  if you started now with a linear progression program that allowed for some autoregulation ( see gslp [ higher reps ] , gzclp [ lower reps , more sets , more weight ] or something similar that appeals to you . ), 
  i think you actually could hit these numbers in a month or two from now ( 112.5 kg dl , 75kg squat , 56.25 kg bench ) . 
  granted you would actually have to do the program , and i as it seems to me getting your numbers as high as possible is n't your goal . 
  if you do n't like lifting alone have you considered going with a friend ? 
  anyway if you do n't like the idea then you probably should n't do it - lifting while not having fun is pretty shitty imo . 
  if you decide to try some such program out i would heavily recommend adding accessories ( you can just add the stuff you liked from your circuit training ) as visual results seem to be more important for you . 
  if you decide to run such programs without accessory work you might end up seeing minimal visual results which is no good . 
  you plateau much quicker . 
  your back is bending ** during ** the lift . 
  very high risk of injury . 
  while pulling with a rounded back is done by some people this is not that . 
  you want your back tight and unbending during the lift . 
  get tighter , i recommend watching the breathing and bracing video by brian alsruhe , he covers the topic very well . 
  you better do this on your deadlift pr challenge . 
  this actually caused me back pain . 
  stretch your hip flexors and hamstrings ( enough to touch the ground without bending your knees ) . 
  strengthen abs ( crunches , planks etc. 
  ) , hamstrings ( leg curls are fine , make sure to train them hard ) and glutes . 
  it will take you a few months, 
  haha , i guess that 's what being helpful on the daily thread gets you , man . 
  people start recognising you and it 's all down-hill from there . 
  do you like doing more reps and less sets or more sets and less reps per set in your main movement ? 
  do them on your knuckles . 
  you eat consume less calories than you spend . 
  check out the app myfitnesspal , you can keep a sort of calorie diary there , with the added bonus of scanning barcodes to find the nutrition info . 
  if you really are serious about losing weight you 've got ta calculate your total daily energy expenditure ( here 's a link https://tdeecalculator.net/ ) and start weighing your food . 
  e : perhaps this wiki is better https://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/index, 
  no volume is too much as long as you can recover . 
  contrary to the other dude , i think the volume is fine as long as you can recover . 
  your order of doing exercises is a bit odd , though . 
  for compound movements the rule is : you can only lift as much as your weakest muscle can . 
  taking the push a day for example :, 
  if you do dumbbell flys and other isolation exercises before cgbp you 're effectively reducing the weight you can use in cgbp which makes it less effective as some muscles are not lifting the weight they potentially could because some of your muscles are fatigued and ca n't handle the weight, 
  so i would move compounds to the front so push a would look some thing like this :, 
  flat bench press 3 \u00d7 6-8, 
  reverse grip bench press 3 \u00d7 8-10, 
  barbell overhead press 3 \u00d7 6-8, 
  close grip bench press 3 \u00d7 8-10, 
  dumbbell overhead press 3 \u00d7 8-10, 
  dumbbell fly 3 \u00d7 10-12, 
  cable crossover high pulley 3 \u00d7 12-15, 
  dumbbell lateral raises 3 \u00d7 10-12, 
  dumbbell kickback 3 \u00d7 8-10, 
  cable pressdown 3 \u00d7 10-15 ( perhaps remove this ( or kickbacks ) , if you can still move a decent amount of weight after doing the other tricep isolation exercise you need to add weight to the other one ), 
  where do you get this rep stuff from ? 
  all reps are n't equal . 
  there is a very big difference between doing 3x20 @ 50 % twice a week ( 120reps ) and 15x1 @ 95 % five times a week . 
  ( 75 reps ), 
  the first is too little volume and the other is way too much even though the second one has far fewer reps. 
  i 've never seen recommended reps per week anywhere . 
  almost every study that has recommended volume goes by sets and not reps. 
  hey mate , just wanted to add something . 
  the other guy talks about recommended reps per week which i have never seen used anywhere and :, 
  120 reps at 95 % of your training max is a lot harder ( read impossible if we 're talking about a week here ) to recover from that 120 reps at 50 % of your tm . 
  reps are not created equal . 
  also an intermediate can be anywhere from a 45 year old man eating at a deficit and a 18 year old dude eating at a surplus which greatly changes the ability to handle volume . 
  i very much believe he is talking out of his ass and you should look into it further before taking his advice . 
  people like ss/sl because it is as simple as it gets . 
  do 3 exercises for 5x5 and add weight every time . 
  if you stall just keep doing what you 're doing without increasing the weight . 
  that 's all there is to ss/sl . 
  while i agree that gzclp is way better i do n't see it being the most recommended beginner program anytime soon . 
  as people start lifting there is quite a lot of info to get at first . 
  they do n't want to do cycles or different rep schemes or whatever else . 
  edit : case in point -  this thread . 
  count the people who misunderstood something , were confused by something etc. 
  no , the 5x3 etc. 
  only applies to your main lift of the day s/b/d / ohp .
