  the fact that you allow nazi parties does n't really mean you 're pro-nazi , though . 
  this phrase does n't apply here . 
  there are religions that place no restrictions . 
  all they do was tell you to sacrifice a chicken or leave some food for ghosts or something . 
  how was society able to function without religion like yours ? 
  also today there are countries where religion is rather unpopular . 
  yet people 's lives seem to go on anyway ? 
   more importantly the justice system is extremely effective in the modern day so people are n't likely to break the law out of ** fear of repercussion ** , same way religion sort of works . 
   religion was very needed for the human society to work . 
  ** and it probably still is . 
  want religions that do n't place restrictions ? 
  * ancient greek religion, 
  * ancient roman religion, 
  * estonian and finnish paganism, 
  there are many more , but i ca n't be arsed to find any more atm . 
  you can call me a militant atheist if you like , but please do n't go around spreading misinformation . 
  * yes there are the stories , but if i am not mistaken there are no things like `` if you 're greedy you will be punished '' , it is simply frowned upon , which these stores show , no ? 
  no systems of punishment . 
  i ca n't even find these stories about roman gods . 
  even if we ditch those , there are still the pagans where there was no such things ( although some of them had valhalla , hel , hifhel - i 'm certain that estonian one did n't and pretty sure finnish paganism did n't either . ), 
  these things are not needed for a society to work . 
  people change a lot in 20 years . 
   he would not have tweeted it if it were the other way around , that 's his prejudice showing up . 
  any proof or just speculation ? 
   can be negated by relatively low-technology tactics , as seen by vietnam , afghanistan , afghanistan again , and iraq . 
  in vietnam and afghanistan the insurgencies had massive government support ( in vietnam it was china and ussr , in afghanistan it was us ) . 
  in afghanistan 2 and iraq , did the us really have a chance of being beaten out of the country ? 
  not withdrawal because of politics , but because they were unable to fight the taliban ? 
  really ? 
   it 's useful to remember that molotov cocktails are anti-tank weapons, 
  a molotov wo n't do * anything * , even old anti tank weapons ca n't do much of [ anything ] ( http://gfycat.com/shallowzanycooter ) . 
  you 'd need modern anti-tank weapons to even disable a tank . 
  i think you 're not thinking clearly here . 
  there wo n't be 130 million insurgents - that is ridiculous . 
  you 'd have max a million - and this is an optimistic guess . 
  i do n't think you 've thought about people who see advancing their careers a lot by giving out insurgents etc. 
   vietnam and afghanistan could n't really force out the us military on their own , but they are also incredibly small compared to the us general population . 
  and the forces there were small as well . 
  the us military was n't anywhere near its full potential there . 
   molotovs are n't the most effective anti-tank weapon , but throw enough on a tank and it will cook the crew inside . 
  molotovs are n't `` not very effective '' , they wo n't do a thing . 
  there 's no way it will even damage the armour . 
   again , problematic because you will likely need to get close , but small arms are what let you get close . 
  show me a case where a small-arm has disabled even a semi-modern tank and i 'll award you a delta . 
  also , are you assuming a tank wo n't shoot at you ? 
  tanks have much thermal , infra-red vision and as a bonus shoot more accurately than a person . 
  you 'll never be able to get close to a tank , unless it lets you or is immobilized . 
   use small arms with proficiency, 
  does n't make one a good insurgent . 
   crew suffocates, 
  the crew wo n't suffocate . 
  tanks have very good ventilation . 
   killed by the heat . 
  how exactly would that work ? 
   this allows explosives or incendiaries, 
  usually you 'd want to mine the road beforehand as grenades and such are n't very good against tanks at all , but alright . 
  since you ca n't buy grenades and landmines from shops how exactly is this relevant ? 
  better than estonian ? 
  really ? 
  good thing it 's 15225 , then . 
  he restored the churches ' power after the fall of the soviet union and seems to think it a valuable asset in ruling . 
  why would he try to get rid of religion ? 
  harder punishment = / = better deterrent . 
  basically a guaranteed sentence of a year is a better deterrent than a high chance of 20 years of prison . 
  if people think that they can commit the crime and get away with it ( which is common ) they wo n't care what the sentence for the crime is . 
   but you do have to suffer the lack of freedom and you die at the end anyway . 
  unless you tie the person up or something and have him guarded 24/7 then no . 
  you leave the person a choice to kill themselves , anyway . 
  if you look at europe , you can see that it 's not so at all . 
  `` punishments '' are delivered to keep the society safe and reeducate the person to become to different and not to satisfy the victim 's desire for justice or their blood thirst . 
  this is outrageous . 
  riot now at/r/botsrights, 
  you 'd be arresting very many people . 
  also free speech and all that . 
  how many people are in jail because of jaywalking ? 
  what are these ? 
  police brutality , talks about possible laws and arrest for jaywalking ? 
  the third article does n't even mention the word jail or prison . 
  nowhere does it say that someone got jail time . 
  i did n't see your points , sorry . 
  empirenews is satire . 
  did you even read the article ? 
   `` we 're super excited for this to happen , '' said officer brown . 
  `` i 'm chomping at the bit to lock up some of these hardcore criminals . '', 
  i am sure this should 've made you think about it being a real serious news source . 
  as to your points :, 
   what we need is better solutions like pedestrian bridges , tunnels , car closure for city centers on weekends , and more pedestrian-friendly city design in general , and more compassionate policing , not harsher jaywalking penalties . 
  fair enough , but this does n't seem to be related to spanking in any way i can see . 
   it is very tempting , to just criminalize behavior you do n't like , but that is not always the best solution . 
  the behavior i do n't like ? 
  i do n't like baggy jeans , but i do n't advocate for banning them . 
  spanking can have effects on a child 's mental health . 
  a $ 500 fine would stop this . 
  people do n't have to go to jail for this . 
   the two have something else in common , as well . 
  when they went to court , both cases were dismissed . 
  the officers acted unlawfully . 
  they could 've thrown them in jail for buying ice cream . 
   drugs can have effect in people 's health , yet war on drugs is a fucking mess - devastating poor communities . 
  i think comparing it to drugs is a whole another story , unless you are talking about someone injecting someone else against their will .
