  yup , humans are too heavy to nail by palms, 
  and humans are refrigerators that refrigerate organs . 
  or cool them down if it 's too hot . 
  condoms cost money, 
  oh okay ^ i 'm ^ just ^ going ^ ^ try ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ avoid ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ ^ ^ possible . 
  one of the best characters though, 
  that 's one big link . 
  it is what it is . 
  marriage is n't a big deal anymore . 
  guy 1 : `` you 're fat '', 
  guy 2 : `` yeah , i know , you ca n't shame me . 
  you ca n't tell me anything i have n't already heard . 
  guy 1 : `` i bet i can - i love you '', 
  guy 1 was a dick but that was a great insult . 
  edit : to clarify - this was on reddit , here 's the [ link ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7pw0o.jpg ) to the picture . 
  why were you an atheist ? 
  and when you decided to become a christian did the lack of proof bother you ? 
  good for you if that makes you happy !, 
  there is also lack of proof that you ( or anybody for that matter ) is a criminal yet we do n't arrest you ( or them ) because we have no reason to assume you ( they ) are . 
  how am i a dick ? 
  sorry if i offended you , did n't mean to be a dick . 
  this sums everything up pretty nicely . 
  yeah he was downvoted pretty badly . 
  meh , shame is useless, 
  there are more slaves right now than ever before . 
  well yes . 
  well we should consider that slavery is illegal nowadays . 
  in which country is slavery legal ? 
  did you do cocaine once ? 
  how did you use the drug ( smoking/snortining etc ? ), 
  i heard of a similar story , a kid was trapped with dogs . 
  when she was found she could n't talk and ate like dogs . 
  it would probably take more time but i 'd imagine that in a decade or so he/she could be doing pretty much everything like us . 
  write with coal . 
  learn a foreign language while surviving . 
  how great is that ? 
  so they can end their life quickly ? 
  if they are not very afraid of death then this is a gift . 
  gun with no bullets would be much worse . 
  well you could but i would n't risk with an infection, 
   that god , damn thing living under my bed . 
  ftfy, 
  sure , maybe . 
  if it is user friendly and interesting then why not . 
  i can already imagine op going out in the public doing all kinds of gestures . 
  there 'd be enough to hire an army . 
  hitler was a fuhrer , a king pretty much . 
  people seem to think he was just an average man who happened to kill a lot of people . 
  ask your parents, 
  better hope it has pictures . 
  but we do n't talk about it here . 
  iirc the idea was that the workers do n't get paid enough so there will be noone to harvest it . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  great minds think alike , weak minds seldom differ, 
  hello internet . 
  the only problem is that there are too few episodes . 
  without pain . 
  other than that it does n't matter . 
  no worries , there are always proxies and vpns . 
  however if you do n't want someone getting your reddit password stolen set up a proxy yourself . 
  what 's the number ? 
  to be honest i ca n't really understand why sex is inappropriate . 
  it 's in our in our nature to want sex . 
  put it in a bank or something and then figure out what to do . 
  yes brain is 90 % jelly so we can eat 90 % of it when we are starving . 
  do n't worry it will grow back . 
  well yes , a 5 year old should n't be having sex or even watching sexual content but where 's the harm in knowing what sex is ? 
  yeah we should n't be going around telling 5 year olds how sex works , they 'll probably think it 's disgusting anyways . 
  but if a 5 year old asks ( as it was in this story ) i think you should n't make up a bullshit excuse about birds but tell them the truth . 
  what is that os, 
  looks a lot different from mine . 
  woah . 
  we probably would n't choose anything . 
  they would probably see whatever they wanted . 
  on susan . 
  she does n't realize she has rights . 
  how did the bear get your arms ? 
  dayum , what courier is it ? 
  well you do n't have to drink it , i do n't see the why we should control anyone using various substances on their bodies that do n't make them aggressive . 
  since when is water free ? 
  can you just let water pour down the drains in huge amounts and not have to pay for any of that ? 
  throw it in the masses and let them fight to death and the last surviving person gets to eat the sandwich . 
  you 'd probably die too so that 's a bummer . 
  do you ever feel even more depressed after reading a great book ? 
  noone ever dies . 
  ipv6 was supposed to replace ipv4 . 
  i ca n't really talk about the racial stuff , since i do n't live in a country where this is a problem . 
  about men and women now - yes men * might * have some privileges that women do n't but it is ignorant to say that women do n't have privileges that men do n't have too . 
  / r/cutefemalecorpses < -- horrible shit, 
  estonia, 
  is it just me or is n't this in itunes ? 
  i too like to play dota, 
  the world may never know, 
  well , they 're quite similar so people can understand a few words but ca n't speak etc. 
  also , i remember when i went to finland with my mom and she said `` ooh what a beautiful kull '' ( kull being owl in estonian ), 
  well then . 
  if they get us without punishment they are getting others too . 
  it 's none of my business . 
  let people do whatever they want to do as long as it does n't hurt others . 
  1 ) the effects on others are n't absolutely horrible .
