  absolutely . 
  liquid absolutely wiped the floor with newbee . 
  e : liquid absolutely wiped the fucking floor wooo sorry forgot my hype the first time, 
  what were the scammers selling ? 
  advice ? 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  i dunno man bitcoin has been doing pretty well lately . 
  `` days since suicide hotline thread on / r/bitcoin '', 
  so , what does shit taste like ? 
  i do n't think this is probable . 
  if you were benching 185lbs before and now could do 4 reps at 130kg ( ~ 300 pounds ) then that 's a pretty wild increase . 
  if my parent was quickly killing themselves with morbid obesity and absolutely destroying their health and could n't be arsed to lose weight damn right i would still bother with it . 
  fuck giving up on loved ones so easily . 
  you know what is also awful for your relationship ? 
  your parent dying at 55 . 
  what are you talking about bradley martyn is natty for sure man, 
  hey , his sexual orientation has nothing to do with this . 
  that 's my favourite word . 
  unflavored protein tastes like vomit . 
  never heard of flavorless , but i suggest you avoid unflavored . 
  have you tried hammer curls ? 
  i like doing them with ropes on the cable machine , i think it 's easier on the wrists . 
  / r/deadbedrooms, 
  b o a t, 
  you ever smell a rotting corpse ? 
  smoking smells nothing like death . 
  both smell bad ? 
  yes , but very different . 
  lol, 
  the north is pretty chilly too my man, 
  very petite actually, 
  help your pressing a ton . 
  meh , i 'd say to experiment with it . 
  never chug anything though . 
  stimulants kill your appetite , so that may be what he meant . 
  otherwise amphetamines are performance enhancers , they were some of the first peds out there . 
  honestly , i would advise him to join a gym and do a beginner program . 
  deadlifts keep your posture good , squats make it easier to stand up and some general strength makes life much easier . 
  running is very good aswell . 
  second have him to do balance exercises if you can . 
  as you get older and your bones get more fragile it is important to have good balance as falls and such can be fatal or injure him greatly . 
  if he does n't want to join a gym , try to get him to do squats , pushups , pullups ( start with negatives ) , planks , back extensions and other such exercises . 
  well he * is * pretty fat aswell . 
  i mean if you 're running a hypertrophy block/program right now that 's not the best idea . 
  i am deeply offended by your inclusion of rows instead of the overhead press . 
  true enough , but these are olympic lifts . 
  if we are talking about powerlifting/strongman lifts the most important are squat , deadlift , bench and ohp . 
  if you do olympic lifting none of these are your primary exercises , but assistance exercises if even that . 
  an olympic athlete has nothing to do with a strong bench , a powerlifter does n't have a lot to do with a great power clean . 
  it 's cool , yes , but does n't really help them in their area . 
  to add to that if your primary goal is building muscles s/b/d / p are definitely the way to go as they rely much more on your strength rather than skill . 
  paganlus on ainu\u00d5ige usk , you heard it here first !, 
  t2 is not originally amrap in gzclp and for a good reason too . 
  i suggest you do n't do that amrap unless you really know what you 're doing , mate . 
  second , can you do 3x15 + pullups/chinups ? 
  if yes then everything seems fine to me , but seeing your numbers i 'd be rather impressed if you could do 3 sets of more than 15 pullups . 
  yeah , getting more reps on your main exercise is a good indicator of increased strength ( if you are giving it 100 % effort ) . 
  how do i get tan with bodyweight exercises please help, 
  oh okay i am glad the t2 thing was a mistake and not a feature . 
  as weight gets higher amraps in t2 can really take its toll and weaken the t1 of the next day . 
  i 'd suggest you do pulldowns till you can do 3x15 pullups or if you like pullups more you could do 45 in a session ( should take you 6-7 sets ) as the volume is very important here . 
  otherwise seems like a decent routine if your work capacity and recovery allows it . 
  just keep an eye on it and make sure all these assistance exercises do n't hinder your t1/t2 progress . 
  sun every day ? 
  where i live 8 months of the year are dark and you might get 45 days of sun in the summer . 
  also sun exposure tends to leave me red as a crab and then the skin just peels off . 
  feelsbadman . 
  is n't that what rick does to jerry all the time , though ? 
  i find this very sad . 
  182.5 kg deadlift at 41kg well fuck me lol, 
  ah alright , i was a bit confused by the other guys ' reply as well . 
  to be fair watermelons are not very tough at all . 
  hmm is the flair not considered a spoiler ? 
  wo n't you be banned for that mate lol, 
  e : i forgot i was n't in the sub of kneelers my bad guys, 
  do n't think so :(, 
  a man can hope . 
  there 's got ta be better scenes next season . 
  oh well , only 18 months . 
  this indicates drogon wins . 
  you better not lie to me mate . 
  drogon vs viserion next season . 
  yeah . 
  it does n't feel so bad after the first set or so . 
  makes no difference , really . 
  i do n't know , i 've tried lube and all i got was slimy hands , but you do you . 
   49 points ( 58 % upvoted ), 
  americans distraught top kek, 
  the reason for diamonds usually being harder is because your triceps has to do more work than in regular pushups where pecs take most of the load . 
  [ fiat multipla is simply the most beautiful car ever created . 
   they can , for the most part , tell someone who is hitting on them that they 're not interested without the fear that they will be shamed, 
  being called a `` faggot '' is quite common when this happens from my experience lol, 
  very many drugs are used as medication , so you 're wrong about all drugs being bad . 
  it 's not about the drugs , it 's about how it is used . 
   i 'd even say anyone who is `` partying , '' before that age is going to really regret it later in life . 
  why is that ? 
  substance abuse almost always causes permanent damage to brain whether you 're a teen or not . 
  i get your point though but i am not entirely sure if getting drunk once a month damages a 14 year old much more than a 16 year old . 
  hey are n't you the guy that looks like bruce willis ? 
  your experiences , how to do it etc.
