  i think the point is that snus will taste like tea . 
  but why ? 
  why would you turn rob into bob ? 
  north korea ? 
  try zercher deadlifts . 
   eating windows, 
  sounds painful, 
  depends on who you are , really . 
  if you 're a 60 year old man i 'd say do n't do it - it 's too much . 
  however if you 're a 16-30 year old man i 'd say go for it . 
  read up on the signs of overtraining and if that seems to happen tone down the frequency . 
  not that , i just mentioned that if you 're 55 going from 0 training to 5/6 days a week is n't probably the best idea . 
  if you 've got the condiotioning then sure , it 's great  . 
   relished, 
  you masochist, 
  does mirin ' a well built physique count ? 
  well built glutes ? 
  i would n't want to fuck a man , but damn sometimes i wish i had this and that feature . 
  deadlift , probably . 
  but one exercise only is bad , you develop muscular imbalance and injure yourself . 
   ectomorph, 
  body types do not exist . 
  naw man go full dreamerbulk it always works out for the best, 
   not only will they be growing slower , but because you will be fatigued , your lifts will suffer , meaning that you are n't going to be able to progress as quickly . 
  how come then most guys who bench a shit ton bench 5-7x a week ? 
  no , it is because their work capacity allows it . 
  also if you vary the intensity you will be able to handle it . 
   maybe they lift literally nothing else so their body focuses all their efforts on repairing a smaller subset of muscles, 
  what . 
  i 've never heard of such a thing . 
  if you have a study to reference for this i 'd be very happy to see this , 
  if you want examples then alright :, 
  redditor / u/gzcl benched 170kg at 72kg bodyweight , he also squatted 237.5 kg and deadlifted 285 so he is not only a bencher . 
  he was running a uhf variation ( his own program ) where he is benching at least 5x a week and squatting and deadlifting more than thrice a week aswell . 
  redditor / u/benchpolkov benches 195kg at 95kg bodyweight . 
  he is also benching more than 5x a week . 
  you can see his squat and deadlift numbers in the post below . 
  if you want confirm that he is benching more than 5x a week you can just go through his comments . 
  do you need more examples ? 
   they look like they 've been grinding at it for 5 + years , which is a much slower way to get there than a ** proper program ** ( and none of them compete so it 's probably fine , they have their own goals related to benching 4-5 days a week ) . 
  are you saying that a proper program ca n't have you benching 5x a week ? 
  from my experience most powerlifting programs have you do just that . 
  read the wiki at / r/bodyweightfitness, 
  if you want to lose fat eat at a caloric deficit . 
  flexed . 
  judging by your numbers you have quite a lot beginner gains left . 
  if you do n't like 5x5 then i would advise some other linear progression program like gzclp . 
  milk it as long as you can then jump to some other program like nsuns . 
  if you want you can go straight to nsuns or ppl or whatever , but imo you would make quicker progress on a linear progression program atm . 
  oh shit you 're right i mixed it up with some other program :|, 
  i would say it really does n't matter all that much , just up to preference . 
  i like the gzclp more personally as you will be doing amrap sets ( you will not be doing these in stronglifts ) and the rep scheme is a bit more fun imo . 
  if you like the 5x5 thing more i would suggest gslp instead , but that 's up to you . 
  sounds cool . 
  you could also just eat at maintenance and lift . 
  that way your weight will stay the same while you lose bf % and gain muscle . 
  it 's not as efficient for building muscle as eating at a surplus but it works and seems to fit your needs better . 
  why is it pointless ? 
  important for what ? 
  they are important for aesthetics so you do n't end up looking like t-rex . 
  powerlifting ? 
  again thicker ( muscle or fat does n't really matter ) arms help stabilise in exercises like the bench press . 
  also the study you listed :, 
  the group that also performed isolation exercises had a larger increase in both muscle thickness ( mt ) and peak torque ( pt ), 
   there was a significant ( p < 0.05 ) increase in mt ( 6.5 % for mj and 7.04 % for mj+sj ) and pt ( 10.40 % for mj and 12.85 % for mj+sj ), 
  additional should be bold , because as we see in the numbers they listed the increase in the mj+sj group was 0.54 % greater for thickness and 2.45 % greater for peak torque . 
   as a beginner you 're going to get better dynamic stabilizers from benching , not isolating every single musclefiber in your body . 
  i agree , but if you add isolation exercises to your program ( basically icf 5x5 ) then that 's even better . 
  otherwise you risk looking like this guy -  https://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/5wbw7z/accidentally_entered_trex_mode_by_squatting_to/, 
  most people should be able to run 5km ( granted you 're not seriously overweight or anything ) if they push themselves hard enough even if they do n't work out . 
  i mean a sphere is a shape too you know , 
  fitter than 75 % of people at your ymca does n't really mean fit . 
  i think your standards are really low for men . 
  these are achievable ( not counting in overweight people ) for many without any prior training and should be achieved for others within the first month of training . 
  could you consider yourself fit though ? 
  these numbers are n't that hard to hit on your first day in the gym for many men granted you 're not overweight or really tall . 
  i 'd say these are good numbers if you are a woman . 
  i mean yeah if you can do these you 're probably fitter than most of the general population , but i also think being a bit fitter than the general population is setting the bar too low considering a very large percentage of the population is either overweight or skinnyfat . 
  i would n't consider a person who has done 5x5 for a month or two a well-rounded fit person , but that 's just my opinion . 
  yeah go linear , milk that as long as you can ( till you start plateauing ) . 
  then switch over do a more advanced program that suits your needs . 
  you could do either , but with a beginner linear progression ( icf , gzclp , gslp etc. ), 
  program you would progress considerably faster . 
  perhaps they are . 
  if you are talking about these standards then it does indeed take very very little . 
  sure , you get to practice the lift more for example . 
  sources ? 
  hmm yeah that 's interesting . 
  i was under the impression that while arching the back you would imitate the angle of decline bench press anyway making it useless ( basically doing the same thing ) if you already do flat bench . 
  hmm yeah i guess that 's fair enough . 
  alright i guess as a personal trainer you do know better for the general population . 
  i was just going by what me and my friends were able to bench/deadlift when we started . 
  but we were teenagers and also trained 6-7 days/wk which i am guessing you do not do with your clients . 
  i am not really sure if you can talk about your clients and whatnot , but i was interested what kind of people ( men specifically ) these were that took ~ 9 months to bench 75 % bw and dl 150 % bw . 
  were they older/a bit overweight/really tall ? 
  it 'd be pretty interesting to know if they trained hard or were sandbagging or if their diet was horrible etc. 
  i can totally understand if you ca n't disclose that information . 
  just trying to put together what a beginner can do . 
  yeah if you 're not used to running it will feel like shit and you 'll probably throw up but if you 've got the willpower you can keep on going . 
  mm that 's interesting .
