  optional : enable/disable roa when enemy is last hitting to mess with him . 
  9 ) you sometimes did this and sometimes did n't but always check what enemies have in their inventory while jungling . 
  afk jungling is the worst and should be never done, 
  10 ) ~ 21 minutes you tried to push t2 tower while they were all missing , it was so obvious they were coming for you , you should 've immediately backed out , do n't push t2 towers when all of enemies team is missing ( assuming you 're alone ) you did n't die but you wasted a valuable bkb charge . 
  this is a wall of text and not a full analysis of the game but i hope it helps , 
  to be honest then your carry should n't even be a lane where such staring contest is going off but farming other lanes while ready to tp when the fight starts . 
  position 1/2 players should generally tp in when fight already started so they are less likely to die and more likely to pick up kills . 
  1 ) when you no longer only farm in your lane i.e you also farm the jungle, 
  4 ) not only should you check qop but also other enemies ( if enemy carry is saving up for an expensive item maybe you could gank and make him lose gold and delay the item ? 
  maybe someone bought shadow blade ? 
  you should buy detection ( yes you 're not a support but you should buy wards/detection if nobody else is buying it ) , good that you checked on qop though !, 
  8 ) if it is safe to take the tower then definitely do this on mid lane , on other lanes where you want to get most out of your farm it is perhaps better to not take the tower early ( in this patch ) to make the tower push your lane back so you can effectively farm lane and jungle, 
  10 ) i find that in pubs you can create space but your teammates do not pay attention and do not do anything with the space created ( could be good when playing with a stack ) and also 20 minutes in the game position 1/2 players should never create space , space should be created for them although they could create space in late game in order to let your team take barracks etc. 
  which religion tells you to go kill your friends or something similar to that ? 
  you take ranked way too seriously, 
  since when does isis kill their allies or friends ? 
  pa and void do n't really care about him anymore . 
  also wex invoker destroys his mana pool early-mid game . 
  i could be wrong but is n't methanol ( in small amounts ) used as an artificial sweetener ? 
  when the days are dark and reddit is down i visit ^ ^ ^ ^ 9gag, 
  after you have discovered * everything * there is just as much time remaining as before . 
  you ca n't decide to leave and that just seems like eternal torture to me . 
  if you erase your memories are you still you ? 
  are n't your memories and experiences what make you , well , you ? 
  these moments of happiness and excitement are only like that because they are very rare , now if you had exciting and happy moments all the time it would become normal to feel excited and happy which would make it boring . 
  earth spirit , he always finds even better spots . 
  leave them wondering what is that binary code in their last moments when in reality it means nothing ? 
  evil . 
  i like it !, 
   successful people have been known to smoke , but not all day everyday . 
  successful people are also known for drinking coffee but that does n't mean it has anything to do with their success . 
  i generally go for qw when we are lacking teamfight and i could get caught out of position easily ( invis heroes etc ) and exort when i want to destroy mid and rely on my team to set up sunstrikes ( works a lot better with a stack ) . 
  how to counter :, 
  templar assassin -  this is a hard one as templar assassin is one of the best mids and i find you generally should pick invoker against her but when she picks after you , i 'd say go for qe since he can cold snap with forge spirits and thus wear refraction down quickly , if you 're lucky you might net a few kills . 
  brewmaster -  go for qw ( unless your team really needs qe ) as brew has quite little mana pool and when he hits 6 he has a high solo kill potential . 
  unless he buys dust you should be fine and get out with ghost walk when he ults . 
  phantom assassin -  i 'd say go for qe as she is squishy early on ( even with evasion you can solo her 1n1 ), 
  skywrath mage -  very annoying hero to deal with , if you have to face him go for whichever build your team needs - both are decent . 
  try not to pick invoker against him but go for something like puck, 
  axe -  axe is one of the best lane dominators so i guess you should go for qw as that allows you to burn his mana , tornado him or ghost walk out . 
  qe does n't really do anything against him in the lane unless you get some tower hits in . 
  broodmother -  yet another squishy hero , go for qe and buy sentries . 
  kill her with cold snap and forge spirit combo, 
  keep in mind that all builds are situational . 
  euls is good when they have silences otherwise i go for drums -  aghs -  blink or something like that but you can get it anyways as it is a really good item, 
  i do n't know anything about that sub/the hate it gets . 
  could you please explain ? 
  sure , men might be violated a lot less and whites might be discriminated the least but that does n't mean the issues should n't be tried to solve does it ? 
  that 's like saying that because there are diseases like hiv and cancer we should leave all the other diseases untreated because you know , they 're not as bad . 
  i browsed the top posts and i did n't see anything about hating on women . 
  forgive me for not understanding but i do n't see how these two groups go against each other and why could n't try to solve both instead of focusing on one ? 
  also i have n't seen nobody who thinks rape is a-okay . 
  people who rape do not have everything ok in their head . 
  i acknowledge that rape is a real problem and should be dealt with no matter what gender the victim is . 
  and yes , i have never dealt with the issue that people do not know that you should n't rape , could you please provide me with examples ? 
  where would you be then ? 
  get a blink and position better . 
  also just so you know later on when you get a few items treads provide more dps . 
  you can , like , put them on your resume or something . 
  mute the bastards !, 
  the thing is he will pull it down and you will push it up , so enemies for you are n't that hard to beat but for him it is nightmare and he probably ends up feeding as there is pretty big skill cap between him and other players . 
  it gives cheap stats and a little movement and attack speed . 
  for heroes like ember ( no mana boots build ) , wk or any other low int gain heroes - what 's there not to like ? 
  in first game your draft was hell of a lot weaker ( assuming that you are n't all very comfortable on these heroes and able to dominate every lane ) than theirs and from their items i can see that they all got some money . 
  only way you could 've won that game was to absolutely dominate that game and turn invoker into right clicker and take throne quickly , usually does n't work out . 
  2nd game :, 
  you built no silence/hex items what so ever . 
  if there is a game to buy items that can silence peeps then that is this one . 
  i think your enemy outdrafted you again but not by that much this time . 
  definitely doable . 
  bad item builds . 
  i did some math and here 's what i found :, 
  drums ( cost 1875 ) :, 
  * +9 all attributes, 
  * +3 damage, 
  * +5 % mspd and 5 aspd, 
  bracer + aquila ( cost 1535 - better than drums ) :, 
  * 9 strength - same as drums, 
  * 12 agility - higher than drums, 
  * 6 intelligence - lower than drums, 
  * 12 damage - higher than drums, 
  * 3 armor - higher than drums, 
  * 0.65 mana regen - higher than drums, 
  conclusion : while drums are still good on supports , i will probably buy aquila + bracer on phase boots ember from now on . 
  should n't me much of an issue as you can sell them later on though . 
  if someone is clearly better than the mmr he is at and stomps 90 % of his games why should he be slowed down because the games are short ? 
  basically mmr is not about trying hard but determining your skill level . 
  i am not op but i find that breaking the law to have a pleasurable night is not worth the risk to get a criminal record and possibly the jail time - thus breaking the law is a negative quality to me . 
  ninja edit : did n't see that this thread was made 3 days ago . 
  someone in the thread answered it the best : dump the girl and your mom now lives longer too . 
  being invisible also makes you blind though, 
  whada ` ya think ? 
  how many times a week do you break yourself ? 
  people still use xd ? 
  i agree, 
  what, 
  are you on reddit because surgeries are boring ? 
  don ' r be a mate , cunt . 
  since when is greeting someone fucked up ? 
  another monitor .
