  who is paying them ? 
  are they doing it just for their country ? 
  they ca n't defend their cities . 
  are they all going to be insurgents ? 
  can the militias be paid off ? 
  also this somewhat misses the point - my hypothetical situation is a situation where the us already has ( a ) new government ( s ) . 
  perhaps . 
  if there was no apparent success of the insurgency i probably would n't put my family into danger to be an inconvenience . 
  if i had no family then being an insurgent would be a better choice . 
  i think the best course of action would be to try to leave the country . 
   most people would pick up a weapon and fight back if some invading force did something unethical to your loved ones . 
  what if it was only done if you were an insurgent ? 
  i am not saying that the country would just start torturing people at random . 
  would you pick up a weapon to fight an enemy that outguns and has superior numbers because you do n't like their rule ? 
  would you really put your family and loved ones in danger for that ? 
  why would they put their tanks in the desert and such other places though ? 
  keep railroads and other * important * infrastructure safe should be enough for now . 
   also lack of facts would more likely lead to myths ofpeople who were able to kill dozens of enemy solders rather than despair, 
  but there would n't be a lack of facts . 
  the only facts the general population would see is that the insurgents are being defeated . 
  sorry for being unclear . 
  i thought just stating the insurgents would n't be such a big of a problem would make you assume that there is a new government . 
  because you know , insurgents are there to fight the government and i definitely was n't talking about the current us government . 
  i 'd say the russians and germans and many other nations have clearly demonstrated that doing these kind of things works better to keep your empire somewhat stabilized than other counter-insurgency tactics that people have used . 
  yet the russians and germans have done it but no insurgency really caused massive problems . 
  maybe . 
  i would probably try to leave the country rather than do something that would put my family into even greater danger . 
  also torturing was just one of the methods i mentioned and probably one of the ones that would n't work that well . 
  there are also methods like deporting . 
   they were backed ( supposedly ) by the afghani federal government but they never ran things . 
  and they fought the federal government and since the us supported the government they also fought the us , yes ? 
  germany only took the guns away from jews . 
  russia did take away the guns , yes . 
  but probably the new government would as well . 
  stop selling guns and confiscate as many as you can . 
  us surely would n't be an easy country to annex but i think guns would n't help them all that much . 
  ! delta you 're right . 
  i 've thought about this and i realize that there is too much stuff in the grey . 
  so you put a big amount of work into this post so i am going to try to explain my situation a little better . 
  everybody seemed to assume that the invading country would just come in and start murdering anyone thought to be helping the insurgency . 
  using no other counter-insurgency tactics . 
  actually that was meant as an extreme plan , if needed the government would use death squads or other extreme thins like that . 
  they surely would still be using traditional counter-insurgency plans like mixing up the government and forces so it 'd be more like american against american instead of american against invader . 
  now that i think of it i can say that it was n't smart to include this as it distracts from the main point even further . 
  the main point being that civilians already having guns would n't make it significantly harder compared to the situation where civilians do n't start off with a bunch of guns . 
  bombs and railway sabotage etc. 
  would be used in either situation . 
  unless you can go and legally buy a bomb in the us i think it actually speaks for me not against me . 
  * insurgency would be tough to beat but many civilians already having guns would n't make it infinitely harder . 
  how many of the people will run off to be an insurgent right off the bat ? 
  smaller than the one staying . 
  if guns would be confiscated eventually it would make supplying the insurgency very hard granted that some other government is n't helping them ( which realistically they could , but does n't happen in this situation ) . 
  in vietnam :, 
  * there was an actual military with generals and real soldiers . 
  it would take time to set up a military infrastructure for the insurgencies . 
  they also would n't get military training which is very important and in essence makes a soldier ( soldier is n't just a person who can shoot accurately ) . 
  * there were plenty of countries supplying and helping the vietnamese which would n't happen in this situation so resources are far more scarce . 
  somewhat different situation actually . 
  the insurgents would n't be soldiers . 
  there would be no countries to support them with resources ( nam was heavily supported by soviet union , china etc. ), 
  they would n't have a good command structure and would lack generals who had a good understanding of guerilla warfare and got into power . 
  it also would n't be americans vs invaders . 
  the invading force would most probably let americans into the government ( common counter-insurgency tactic ) and that 'd discourage people from joining the insurgency . 
  what good would fighting your countrymen do ? 
   so this is a hypothetical where literally every other country has joined forces against the us ? 
  it could be , but it does n't have to be . 
  it could just be that other countries are neutral . 
  as i 've said before this is not a realistic situation - at least i do n't see any way the us would be in such a situation anytime soon . 
   op has presented a scenario where invaders are trying to brutally oppress local citizens and as such , the probability of resistance is much higher . 
  actually in the op it says that they wo n't back down from using such measures . 
  the main point is stabilizing the country . 
  perhaps i am mistaken here , but does n't the us need some kind of permission to operate in syria ? 
  or declare war ? 
  this is not going to end very well . 
  not very well at all . 
  it would be different though . 
  who are you going to attack ? 
  are you going to attack the american people who will be working for the government ? 
  attack the people who are going to be hired as police ? 
  it 's one thing to attack a bandit who is a possible threat to your children , quite another to blast an office worker ( who is just trying to make a living ) in the face with a shotgun . 
  most of the people working for the new government would be americans still . 
  you need to make money to buy food , pay rent etc - these things do n't really change . 
  this would n't be a simple situation of enemy vs you . 
  well , if you do n't intervene russia is going to take syria for free and the usa generally does n't want such things as rivals getting stronger to happen . 
  it is much worse than you described though - most people want stability , they do n't care if it is one government or the other . 
  the prolonged war also creates more refugees for your allies in europe . 
  hmm . 
  this is very interesting , but probably does n't represent the majority of the population . 
  perhaps there are people who would n't give a second thought to killing a guy walking down the street just for working in the government ( he could be an it guy for example ) . 
  if you can convince me that the majority of your village would be a-ok with shooting an it guy in the head for working for the wrong people then i 'll award you a delta - for changing one of my opinions at least . 
  also are there enough of these kind of people to cause a real problem ? 
  what if some few hundred soldiers would come to these villages and deport anyone holding these views . 
  if they 'd be waiting with guns they could be surrounded and bombed and there 's not much other than charging ( suicide ) they could do . 
  okay ! delta, 
  perhaps peaceful counter-insurgency would n't work in these cities . 
  pretty sure that if we took it to an extreme these people would be in internment camps/deported ( making martyrs would only make it worse ) the issue could be solved . 
  fuck no , it 's cold af . 
  actually i was thinking more of 17-19th century britain and france when colonization was a hot topic . 
  ~ ~ would you say the resistance would have been smaller if there were smaller penalties for being one ? 
  if you can convince me that would 've been the case i 'll award you a delta . ~ ~,
