  i understand patriotism and bias and stuff but this is ridiculous . 
   lol what ? 
  iraq in 1991 had 2 million troops defending against the us and we swept through them like nothing, 
  only the us ? 
  your military allies were :, 
  * united kingdom, 
  * saudi arabia, 
  * france, 
  * italy, 
  * egypt, 
  * united arab emirates, 
  and a bunch ( 18 if i counted right ) of other 1st world allies that did n't take part in combat . 
  against a military who had guns from decades ago and shitty anti air equipment . 
  they had no planes . 
  no fighters/bombers whatsoever . 
  this is like a group of 15 year olds ganging up on an 9 year old . 
  let me tell you something about canada : it has some pretty modern military equipment . 
  you ca n't act like you did in iraq if you hope for no resistance - bombing everything to the ground not giving a shit if it 's civilians or military would create some pretty fierce hatred for the us . 
  you either have to make it worse than iraq which i consider impossible or go light on them and hope for early surrender . 
   since i 'm assuming morals are on, 
  i always assumed they 're off since everybody declares war on usa . 
  there 's no other way it could happen than everybody suddenly becoming bloodthirsty . 
   the mexican army would crack because as far as i know , it 's plagued with corruption with the cartels and other internal conflicts . 
  corruption , okay . 
  so they 're bought off . 
  i bet my ass the cartels would n't want us forces on their ground and stripped of all their power . 
  i see no reason why mexico would want to give up and let the americans come in . 
  what you 're forgetting here is south america . 
  they 'd be getting their armies into mexico asap to keep it safe . 
  i 'd imagine panama is one of the top priorities and it 'd be under some heavy security so it 's unlikely that you get to bomb that into nothingness . 
  you will get over a million active military personnel near your southern border and something like that can not be ignored . 
  they 're not some cavemen with no anti-air or without fighters/bombers . 
  they 're modern military - sure they 're no match for the armed forces of the us but that is not even necessary . 
  all they have to do is keep you from taking both canada and mexico and keeping your air force and navy busy . 
  can you take canada and keep mexico on their borders and keep the european and asian transport ships and paratroopers off your mainland ? 
  sorry for taking so long to answer by the way , it has been a busy week . 
   this lead to some really screwed up relationships where in the 90s the world was changing rapidly and we would have liked for these countries to share in that, 
  the bad thing is that the us did n't control the countries ? 
  could n't influence them to change in the direction the us wanted ? 
  am i understanding this correctly ? 
   we also found ourselves sadled with a history of supporting these folks who were by all accounts monsters . 
  yes . 
  why is this a bad thing if the only alternative was supporting even crueler groups ? 
  in my opinion it would just be best to try to help assad win and secure some kind of order . 
  surely it will be cruel but better than rebels taking the power . 
  end the war . 
  stop making everybody in the country suffer . 
  of course if we look at the politics then i agree that us should * probably * continue the war and not give russia a military ally . 
  although this situation is favorable for russia as well - lots of refugees going to europe . 
  most europeans do not like these people ( i do n't know if you know this but a lot of europe is pretty fucking racist . ), 
  some people would accept the russian rule if that meant their tax money would n't be spent on people who do not bother to learn their language and sit around on their ass all day . 
  i am assuming we 're talking about the ghouta chemical attack , yes ? 
  from what i understand from the article it is proved that chemical weapons were used and that 's it . 
  no proof of assad doing it and that 's what they 're saying - they did n't do it - the rebels did . 
  at this point it seems like everybody is blaming their enemies and there 's no real answer who really did it . 
  have you considered that putin might not care about winning there ? 
  creating a lot of refugees that nato keeps accepting is pretty damn good already . 
  perhaps they can even deny us some of the control there . 
   while putin is popular in russia now, 
  that 's one hell of an understatement . 
   russia is skint and when the west twist the economic sanctions at the right moment , when russians are more vocal about expensive military conflict and lack of food in the shops , it will bring putin to his knees . 
  you underestimate the russian economy - things have gone downhill but not as much as you say . 
  gdp is still growing even if slowly . 
  the burden of proof is not on them though . 
  if you accuse someone of something you have to prove that they in fact did do the thing . 
   on 9 october , a us spokesman stated the administration lacks the `` irrefutable , beyond-a-reasonable-doubt evidence '' some american voters are seeking but that a `` common-sense test '' implicates assad . 
  [ 221 ] the u.s. publicly stated there was no `` reliable '' evidence that the opposition had access to chemical weapons , although seymour hersh reported that u.s. intelligence agencies privately assessed some rebel factions to be capable of sarin production . 
  from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghouta_chemical_attack, 
  the numbers of dead are very different as well - france claims that there were ~ 200 casualties while us bumps up the number to ~ 1400 . 
  also all of these government reports come from countries that are at war ( or their allies are at war ) with assad . 
  i would consider them a lot more if you could present me with a neutral ( or even better an ally of assad ) country that backs up your claim . 
   any evidence that rebels had access to that quantity/quality of sarin , that they had access to those kinds of warheads, 
  here 's some about al-nusra terrorist having needed technology and having been caught with 2kg of sarin . 
   a report surfaced in june 2013 of former iraqi ba'ath officials supplying the chemical weapon sarin to the al-nusra front through former iraqi brig. 
  this implies that assad is not the only side to have chemical weapons and because of that i consider the proof us provided insufficient - all they have is proof that it was used . 
  not who used it . 
  here is the link if you want to read any more about this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-nusra_front just scroll down to chemical weapons . 
   i ca n't see why you 'd discount france , which has traditionally been friendly with syria . 
  however friendly they are france is not going against their military allies in europe and us . 
  also if you read the english version ( or french version if you can read that ) of the french report all they 're saying is chemical weapons were used . 
  since has assad has them it means they used them - that 's not enough . 
   one of ( or both ) the labs examining the environmental samples taken from zamalka ( and ein tarma [ 17 ] ( pp28 -- 29 ) ) found at least traces of sarin in 14 of the 17 cases . 
  [ 56 ] ( pp45 -- 49 ) one of the labs described the sarin level as a `` high level concentration '' in 4 of the 17 samples . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghouta_chemical_attack under `` the attacks '', 
  4 out of 14 warheads that had sarin had high concentration . 
  that 's not exactly a lot of high quality sarin . 
  also the syrian government wanted un to investigate the cases . 
  not something you 'd do if you 're guilty . 
  it could 've been a rogue general or an insurgency in the government . 
  can you be certain that the syrian government fired these chemical warheads ? 
  or rather is the evidence enough for you to say that they 're guilty ? 
  i do n't consider the fact that there was a chemical attack and assad has chemical weapons to be enough . 
  think of it this way - bob is murdered with a somewhat rare shotgun one night . 
  all we know is that he is murdered and that a rare shotgun happened to be used . 
  billy ( his neighbor , who did n't like bob ) happens to have that kind of shotgun . 
  is it enough to make billy a suspect ? 
  absolutely . 
  is it enough to put him in jail ? 
  with no further evidence - no . 
  unless some further evidence is provided that assad really did use chemical weapons having biased countries blame it ( not accuse him because they do n't have the evidence .
