  the us said it was bombing military targets , but it was all propaganda . 
  brits did n't even pretend . 
   irrelevant and you know it . 
  i think it is very relevant if i was to argue that luftwaffe was better than waffen-ss/heer and that is exactly what i am doing . 
  committing less war crimes ( whether because of not having the ability to do so or not ) means they were better . 
   how do you know that ? 
  his comments here indicate that he understood perfectly what he said . 
  * they think i said german pilots were super heroes with perfect morals . 
  fuck no *, 
  i 've ignored the honor code thing , i do n't know what that is about and for all i know nobody showed any honor in ww2 ( individuals did , but not entire sections of armed forces ) . 
  firebombing hamburg is really no better than bombing some party someone referenced earlier . 
  he is not attacking a strawman . 
  you portrayed him saying luftwaffe was chivalrous . 
  he did not say that . 
  you are portraying him as a nazi sympathizer with this thread . 
  he is n't , you misread his post . 
  this thread should not be in this sub . 
  ignore the hamburg firebombing , it was just me elaborating on `` honor code '' . 
  since the skill healing went wrong does n't his body regenerate every night ? 
  i assumed it countered aging as well , kept his body unchanged . 
  not likely , but flashbangs are legal to own in america providing you can find a seller . 
  defending air bases was a job that had to be done . 
  the russian air force needed to make a decision - use expensive ( usually $ 20-30m ) sukhois or develop a light , cheap fighter for this job . 
  they decided to create mig-29 , its price was only $ 11m . 
   low fuel capacity, 
  its only job was to defend its air base . 
  no need for a lot fuel there . 
   switch-congested cockpit, 
  that was the case with most aircraft of that era , though . 
  ( at least when it comes to russian aircraft ), 
   a so-so radar, 
  it would mainly rely on ground based radars , so there was no need for anything fancy . 
  it does its job and it is quite cheap compared to sukhois , if you can tell me why it was bad at its job then i 'll concede my point . 
  they 're all here . 
  please explain where there is room to be rude to a waitress ? 
  this is something i ca n't really comprehend . 
  when they ask you what you would like to order do you just say `` big fries , bitch '' ? 
  is this what you mean ? 
  i 'll be sitting on the iron throne . 
  sleeping pills . 
  palmyra is in fact in homs province . 
   the majority have the same personality type, 
  i can understand not wanting to date someone who works out , but can you please explain this ? 
  erdogan has actually been getting very friendly with putin after the coup . 
  people have little to no control over their fatness ? 
  what is offensive about this ? 
  there are a lot of trans people in tumblr . 
  there are a lot of people who refer to themselves as ( small and big ) fats as well . 
  op was n't even mocking their beliefs . 
  5000 + calories at 140lb and not gaining weight ? 
  did you do high intensity exercises 10 hours a day mate ? 
  there is no way your maintenance was at 5k calories . 
  to compare : hafthor bjornsson eats ~ 8k calories a day when bulking and the guy is 6 ' 9 and weighs 400lb , works out twice a day . 
  i 'll give you the benefit of doubt here . 
  say you were 210cm tall ( 7ft ) at 65kg ( ~ 145lbs ) [ 14.7 bmi btw ] , did heavy exercise twice a day ( what professional athletes do ) , had [ 3 % ] ( http://www.bodybuilding.com/contest_media/1075/630/d/1995_arnold_classic_review_b1216139758.jpg ) bodyfat ( that is dangerously low , you pretty much ca n't be alive and under 3 % ) and you 'd still be at 3.3 k maintenace calories . 
  if you ate 5k calories at those stats you 'd put on a pound a day ( less later ) until you reached ~ 120kg ( 265lbs ) . 
  there is absolutely no way what you 're telling me is correct , either you were very wrong about your weight or calories . 
  it is likely that you thought you were eating more calories than you did ( unless you have some serious disorder ) . 
   a simple google search turns up multiple references to active teenagers going through 5,000 calories a day . 
  teenage athletes not active teenagers and definitely not teenagers that weigh 140lbs . 
  it is not me you 're trusting here , just the most reputable calorie calculator . 
  anyway , you do you , man . 
  if you insist you ate 5k calories a day at 140lbs without gaining weight then so be it . 
  you pick a shardblade and not an honorblade ? 
  why ? 
   i call it the great danger is that big anus, 
  is what google translate gives me . 
  it is a sign of physical fitness . 
  you do n't get six pack abs when you 're skinny , but instead when you have low bf % and to get that you need to work out . 
  when you downvote someone through their profile the karma does n't actually go down . 
  it does n't seem to work when you go straight through their profile to context either . 
  i chose a random comment of yours , checked the context , downvoted you and refreshed your profile and the karma score was the same . 
  however when i downvoted this comment and refreshed your profile you had 1 less karma ( do n't worry i turned the downvote into an upvote  ), 
  yeah , they already have . 
  they have dropped a few cruise missiles from them, 
  religion is not a choice ? 
  how unreasonable . 
  have you met / u/pm _ me_ur_exgfs_boobs yet ? 
  i was under the impression that there is very little creatine in food . 
  is that incorrect ? 
  only when you post as a mod ? 
  the psychological addiction is much worse than the physical one . 
  the withdrawal effects of nicotine are pretty small as well but it is still very hard to quit . 
  i hope by we you do n't mean men in general . 
  did you ever find it ? 
  how far are you into the series ? 
  cat . 
  belgium ranks 7th on cigarettes consumed per capita , luxembourg is 8th and netherlands is a little higher at 36 ( out of 182 countries ) . 
  belgium ranks 7th on cigarettes consumed per capita , luxembourg is 8th and netherlands is a little higher at 36 ( out of 182 countries ) . 
  triggered, 
  ... smirking ? 
  sunflower seeds are very calorie dense as well . 
  it 's something like 500kcal per 100g . 
  theres no evidence for this stuff . 
  lifting cars for a normal ( not highly trained bodybuilder perhaps ) is impossible because you would rip your muscles off . 
  a regular person 's tendons are not strong enough to handle half the weight of a car . 
  it handles the story you linked as well . 
  basically , you ca n't have superhuman strength because your strength is limited by your tendons . 
  you would rip them off . 
  protein is not a shitty energy source , it is just as good as carbs and fat .
