  doubt that vast majority is in english . 
  there are a lot of russian sites and i bet there are even more chinese sites . 
  damnit op you ruined it for us !, 
  sergei being a motherfucker . 
  motivation is very unreliable and not the thing you should base something like that on, 
  it kinda was necessary to drop the bombs for japan to surrender and avoid further damage to both sides, 
  holocaust was pretty cool too , right ? 
  black is a color . 
  is that an opinion ? 
  if you 're looking for assholes you 're going to find them , no matter what community . 
  what makes it immoral ? 
  i bet the free falling would feel awesome though . 
  yum !, 
  axe is perfect against that though, 
  chemicals in my brain , apparently . 
   being able to be drunk at a friend 's house without it turning into sex . 
  drunk = ca n't consent . 
  i 'm sorry that inconveniences you , but if you see someone who is intoxicated - man or woman - maybe do n't fuck them ? 
  i do n't like that about society therefore it does n't exist ? 
  his/her point still stands even if you do n't approve of it . 
   women deal with this too . 
  i 'd rather pay 25 bucks a month for pills with no questions asked , 50 bucks a pop for plan b with no harassment at the counter or 500 bucks a pop for an abortion without legislators trying to ban it . 
  but either way , it 's a physical and biological issue , and the money is n't a punishment for father/reward for mother ... it 's an assurance that the child will have support . 
  hence the name , `` child support '', 
  his point was that a woman can get an abortion while a man has no choice while whatsoever and if the woman keeps the child ( that maybe happened because of a broken condom ) he now has to care for it for 18 years . 
   never being told you 're `` such a pussy '' or `` throw like a girl '' or `` cry like a bitch '' or `` jeez , you must be on your period stop freaking out '', 
  are you saying men are not told that they 're pussies or weak ? 
   having more representation of your gender in the police force so that questions like , `` well what were you wearing ? '', 
  or `` did you say anything that would trigger him to hit you ? '', 
  were n't asked . 
  i do n't know what kind of cops you 've encountered but men are generally automatically arrested even if the woman has a knife and the man is injured . 
  i have never heard that women are asked such questions . 
   being able to be assertive or taking the lead without people being surprised . 
  it 's actually more like you 're expected to take lead even if you do not want to . 
   not hearing , `` wow , you 're really good at math for a girl '' or people acting surprised when you take interest in one of the sciences . 
  not having people say , `` well it 's a lot of schooling to do something like that ... maybe you should try [ enter programme here that 's shorter and less intensive ] '', 
  you are praised when you succeed and not judged when you fail ? 
  sounds like a better end of the deal to me . 
   how about being told from early childhood that running , jumping , playing and being generally active `` is n't ladylike '' . 
  or having half of the sports that you liked to play as a kid suddenly not being available to your gender once out of elementary school ? 
  maybe this is a cultural difference between our countries but i have never ever seen this happen . 
   i think it 's bullshit that people do n't think women are able to do military service . 
  there are women who want and are able to be on the front lines , but ca n't because of gender . 
  there are women who would like to go to war and not be afraid of the disgustingly high rape statistics . 
  people view women as the weaker sex and that 's harmful , even if it translates to a benefit in one way . 
  are you saying that men that go to war do not have to be afraid of torture ? 
   people think women are weaker and more helpless , that 's why they get more help . 
  personally , i fucking hate that i ca n't change a tire or lift something without a group of dudes running in , `` oh , lem me just get that for you . '', 
  thank you , that 's very kid , but fuck off i 'm already working . 
  the fact that you disapprove of a privilege does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  it is also quite rude to tell people to fuck off when they want to help you . 
   good looking men also get a discount . 
  white males also get a discount , compared to people of colour . 
  rich people get a discount because of poor people . 
  this is n't so much a benefit , it 's something that happens in marginalized groups . 
  poor women get the same sentences as poor men , i think this really only affects middle class offenses . 
  would like stats , though , before i go making wild claims like you . 
  `` men receive 63 % longer sentences on average than women do , '' and '' [ w ] omen are ... twice as likely to avoid incarceration if convicted . '', 
  this gender gap is about six times as large as the racial disparity . 
  source : http://www.law.umich.edu/newsandinfo/features/pages/starr_gender_disparities.aspx, 
   men ca n't wear feminine clothing because it 's seen as `` weak '' to be female . 
  is it somehow now a benefit to be considered weak ? 
  even so , go to your local night club scene and count how many drag queens there are compared to drag kings . 
  not considered weak but not judged . 
  more freedom in clothing is better , no ? 
   but there is a wage gap , even if it 's not the 70 % one touted everywhere . 
  and who the fuck says income is n't a priority ??? 
  income is a priority !, 
  seriously , it 's like you transported here from the 60 's . 
  the wage gap is there because of what careers women choose ( naturally less paying careers , while men tend to choose rather dangerous careers ) . 
  in the same field of work childless women earn about 8 % more than their male coworkers . 
  source : http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052748704415104576250672504707048, 
   if men are hospitalized 30 % of the time , that means women are hospitalized 70 % of the time . 
  so it would follow that women would have more resources , considering there are more that double the female victims . 
  even so , there are many resources for men . 
  in my city there are 6 or 7 , and all but a small handful of female resources will accept male victims if they can not find any other place to go . 
  just going to mention that it is looked down upon men who seek help . 
   i said this before , good god you repeat yourself a lot . 
  child support goes to a child . 
  it 's not a punishment for the father or a reward for the mother , it goes to the child . 
  and the mother needs to pay support if the father has custody . 
  yes , the money is supposed to go for the care of the child but men still have no say if they even want to have the kid . 
  if a woman decides that she will keep the child then the man has to pay . 
   the fact that there are not enough women in politics to represent us is sexism . 
  and the fact that people ask about her family , her hair and her clothes before they ask about her politics . 
  or how about the fact that all panels that have dealt with women 's health and birth control have been men , excluding women ? 
  is it also sexist that there are not enough female welders or construction workers ? 
  if women do not want to be politicians why is it sexist ? 
   ahhh , yes . 
  we 'll be able to enjoy our golden 80 's and live a little longer with our partners dead . 
  what a treat . 
  getting to live longer is now a bad thing ? 
  after all , nobody forces you to live . 
  edit : after downvoting me please also leave a comment as to why you disagree . 
  thanks . 
  i think i worded my statement poorly - here is what i wanted to say : most women do not seem to have the appeal to be a politician , but those that want to be have pretty much equal chances as voters are both men and women . 
  also if some stuff like you mentioned discourages you then politics is not for you no matter what gender as your previous life is going to be analyzed , your family becomes the topic of discussion if you do something etc. 
  i doubt that it would discourage women who have really decided they want to go to the politics . 
  meat jelly, 
  common circlejerk shitpost .
