  really ? 
  what about china ? 
  india ? 
  all of them + over a hundred other countries ? 
  there 's no way usa can produce more . 
   the us is insanely hard to invade . 
  no other country can even get anything close to a foothold . 
  i agree that it is quite hard to invade . 
  but they 'd have to divide their military into many parts because the rest of the world could ( and probably would ) attack them from every side - canada , mexico and from the oceans . 
  70 million men ca n't defend every inch of the us border , not for long anyway . 
  if there is going to be breakthrough somewhere , and there is going to be one because the army has to be somewhat thin to cover most of the ground , us would go to shit soon , the enemy is inside their territory , what can they do ? 
  call from men from the borders and let more men through ? 
  let the enemy have the ground and retreat ? 
  most probable . 
   70 million available men to call upon in a time of war, 
  which would be . . nothing compared to the rest of the world . 
  70 million is around 17.5 % of the us population . 
  the rest of the world 's population is around 6.6 billion - say 15 % of them are able bodied men who are drafted which would increase the rest of the world 's army size to a billion . 
  the us might be ahead in technology , kind of like the nazi germany was ( arguable that germany was far more advanced than the rest of the countries , while us not that much ) but the ussr just threw bodies at it while the british attacked them from the other side and that was enough to stop germany from roflstomping europe and rest of the world . 
  you can argue that germany would 've won if the treaty that they tried to make with the british would 've been accepted but usa is in a much worse position - no allies , nobody neutral , outnumbered , outgunned ( even if not by just as good equipment ) . 
  a gun does n't make a man a soldier . 
  na 's only dota team has gone to shit . 
   comparing the defenses of nazi germany and the us is very misleading, 
  i was actually comparing technological advancements compared to the rest of the countries but whatever . 
   to effectively invade the us one would need to launch an amphibious invasion, 
  yes , why would n't the whole world not attack the us from every side ? 
  they absolutely would , if they 'd think that 'd be effective . 
   the us can divert probably half a million men to take on canada 's measely 65,000 and conquer them within the month . 
  perhaps . 
  have you considered that a lot of the us army is n't actually on us soil right now ? 
  i do n't think they 'd have troops to spare because they 're all over the world . 
  also the fact that they 're all over the world means they 're somewhat isolated and easy to destroy . 
   and you can not secretley stockpile, 
  russia is ( most likely ) already doing it . 
  who knows what china and some other countries are doing ? 
  these kind of stockpiles are not easy to locate . 
  they do n't clear areas and put up signs : china 's stockpile - stay away . 
   and any invasion force would be annihilated anyways by the us navy , which with an increase in production, 
  implying the rest of the world wo n't outproduce usa . 
  or not produce anything at all for that matter . 
  perhaps us has some new technologies up their sleeve , perhaps some other country does . 
  who knows ? 
  a new technology could make another country the most powerful one . 
  a soldier is n't a person who can aim well or even kill a lot of people . 
  a soldier is a person who can follow orders reliably , a person who is staying professional and using their skills in stressful situations where people - their friends , are dying , dead or captured . 
  if given a gun could you do that ? 
  discard all of your instincts and follow orders ? 
  i know i could n't - without training at least . 
   the us air force is the most technologically advanced, 
  yes !, 
  they are !, 
  but it does n't matter because 1 us fighter ca n't match 20 of the rest of the world 's . 
  they 'd be stupidly outnumbered . 
  think of it this way - 5 excellent swordsmen with full plate armor and everything will not win against 100 peasants if the peasants want to kill them badly . 
  and the other countries are not peasants when it comes to military . 
  perhaps not as good as us but 100 mediocre ( including a few good swordsmen ) defeat 5 excellent swordsmen without breaking a sweat . 
   russia is the only other country with strategic bombers , and they 're dated cold war tech, 
  imo it 'd be dumb to think russia or china has just forgot about their military tech . 
  most likely it just is n't public what they have and what they do n't . 
   the us is at least a decade ahead in military technology when compared to any other country . 
  the us is also decades ahead in terms of infrastructure to build said technology, 
  expensive , hard to build technology . 
  are you sure you could arm 80 million people ? 
  where do you get the resources for it ? 
  you have no trade partners , the rest of the world is actively trying to stop your weapon producing . 
  while countries like russia and china can just pump out ak-s, 
   and if we 're assuming technology , i 'm going to say that the us , who spends almost a trillion on national defense every year , is going to be ahead by decades in terms of secret technology . 
  a lot of this is based on luck . 
  while spending a lot more increases the chances we do n't know for sure . 
  alright . 
  i guess we have to disagree then since none of us are convinced . 
  i still think that usa ca n't possibly secure both north and south america quick enough for someone to set up a base and start pushing soldiers there . 
  from there it 'd be a billion soldiers against 70 million with more planes , tanks , artillery and all of that stuff . 
  i think usa would stand no chance - slightly better technology or not . 
  also if you google what kind of military russia and america have then you can see that :, 
  america has greater air force and naval force with submarines being somewhat equal . 
  russia seems to have a lot better and more tanks and artillery though . 
  usa however has a lot more soldiers which would be significant in most situations except for this one - russia has a lot of people to arm with the whole world on their side . 
  there are a lot of other factors as well which we have n't discussed yet :, 
  * fanatics - people who will literally commit suicide to harm the enemy . 
  the us does n't have many but i am sure the rest of the world could find plenty . 
  fanatics and crazy people like that can cause some significant damage . 
  * generals - i think the rest of the world would have the upper hand on this too simply because they have 16.5 times more people . 
  this is a major reason why us lost the war in nam . 
  the vietnamese had a brilliant general . 
   and the facts today say that the us is pretty much unconquerable . 
  by a single country - yes , absolutely . 
  by the whole world ? 
  doubtful . 
  okay . 
  so what you 're saying you could conquer all of americas in matter of months and control them ? 
  the canadians did n't want russians there but in wwii they still went unnoticed . 
  now you also have that plus resistance plus south america . 
  could you really control that ? 
  could you even defeat them ? 
  you could n't even beat vietnamese cavemen with rusty old aks with no tanks artillery or anything else . 
  and you tried for 15 years . 
  i 'm pretty damn sure mexico and canada can hold you off till russia and china arrive . 
  and when a few billion soldiers is on your land it 's game over no matter if they have m4s or stone spears . 
  70 million has no chance against a billion .
