  i have n't seen this kind of behavior there . 
  it 's usually mocking some religious articles , pointing out flaws in bible and helping people if they need help . 
  are you suggesting that op is gay ? 
  good luck . 
  pretty much , yes , otherwise you 'd get withdrawal effects . 
  please do n't fuck up my life . 
  thanks . 
  never looked at this that way !, 
  but i guess it 's true that good/bad is a matter of perspective . 
  hmm why so ? 
  people do n't go there to only mock but also help and ask for help . 
  but i guess people have some weird fetishes . 
  well yes , but if they keep it in their subreddit how does that bother people who do n't go there ? 
  / u/plecboy put it quite well in my opinion . 
  you would probably feel like shit because your body expects nicotine but you would probably not have the psychological craving . 
  people ask for advice so they can blame someone later . 
  get them addicted to something like heroin and then stop giving it to them . 
  chickens are female actually, 
  but are you for real, 
  my art teacher told me i have nice eyebrows, 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  one day i will get you to answer this question straightforward , you 'll see . 
  horseradish and cabbages are delicious . 
  i think they are vegetables . 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( http://imgur.com/kxqankw ), 
  possibly nsfw, 
  edit : replaced wikipedia 's link with imgur 's link because it has the picture for extra creepiness . 
  [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtiimj9tuc8 ), 
  how do you measure intelligence ? 
  how do you measure intelligence ? 
  yes !, 
  is intelligence knowledge ? 
  logical thinking ? 
  would you consider a person who can do the hardest math problems correctly but has bad grammar intelligent ? 
  intelligence is a word with such a wide meaning that it confuses me to no end . 
  well , different persons define intelligence differently . 
  would you consider a three year old who knows a lot about a kids show more intelligent than yourself in that matter ? 
  will regret the decision immediately, 
  and remember gals and pals that if you really want to hear opinions that are bashed search by controversial, 
  this is a great one !, 
  edit : damnit replied to a wrong person . 
  reply was meant for / u/gamer4maker, 
   we were little, 
   empty beer can, 
  just curious , why were you an atheist ? 
  hmm yeah , was kind of expecting that . 
  thanks . 
  well i have yet to see an atheist who converted into when s/he was an atheist because of lack of evidence . 
  robots are a lot safer than doctors or dentists . 
  give it a few years . 
  computers already learn from people . 
  humans are pretty predictable, 
  well brain is just a very complex machine after all , we probably will be able to build `` creative '' bots . 
  toasted cheese sandwich, 
  there 's no such job . 
  individual teacher for everybody . 
  a lot better that it is now . 
  totally doable . 
  test subjects ca n't differentiate between human and bot composed music by the way . 
  totally doable . 
  an advanced enough robot that learns and it 's done . 
  an actress that looks like a human . 
  i do n't see problem here . 
  why not ? 
  why not ? 
  a brain is just a machine , why ca n't we recreate the creative part ? 
  why ca n't the middle man be a bot ? 
  no no , why ca n't bots replace that ? 
  ca n't you just recreate the part of the brain where creativity is ? 
  i understand it is not that simple but it 's possible no ? 
  well , yes , but in theory it is still possible . 
  hard ? 
  definitely . 
  impossible ? 
  probably not . 
  i am not sure to be honest . 
  i will probably do some more research on that . 
  edit : there is a bot [ emily howell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qejdie0aocu ) that composes music . 
  he explains in the video that creative jobs are totally doable by bots ( 11:27 ), 
  there is a possibility that in the future that bots will do all the work for us and we can just relax but y' know there 's also a possibility that they take over the planet . 
  it does n't . 
  there is no such thing that humans can do that bots advanced enough ca n't do better . 
  no time to explain !, 
  that they may break . 
  easily . 
  terrifying . 
  teenagers have sex too . 
  could you please elaborate - why is it necessary ? 
  why not legalization of all drugs that do n't make violent ? 
  all porn is free , you just have to know where to look . 
  well as / u/neonjesus69 said it is not necessary anymore , but i guess it helped before . 
  do you hate someone you personally do not know ? 
  so if i am sick of seeing someone i should just drown them ? 
  it 's quite easy to find evidence for that . 
  define monster, 
  do n't be silly , he 's a comment and ca n't own any stupids . 
  4 + 4 solve that . 
  ladies and gents , this is my skill . 
  i can make people do whatever i want them to do , 
  wood would lose everytime and water would win everytime .
