  if a barracks is left unattended at night then the people in it do n't deserve the name of soldier . 
   i do n't think so . 
  guerilla tactic are as effective as ever . 
  maybe more so . 
  this is pretty much what guerillas are to modern armed forces . 
  nothing . 
  guerillas with good weapons ( anti-air , anti-tank ) can be effective . 
  guerillas with rifles are not . 
   it 's easier to get foreign help if you can demonstrate viability as a resistance group . 
  see the video above , you would n't be doing much damage to any modern armed forces , anyway . 
  thus your viability is null . 
  the only thing deciding if you are getting help or not is if it goes together with the agenda of another country ( i.e another country wanting to weaken america ), 
    is it worth the civilian casualties in everyday life to get a little head start in the fight against tyranny ? 
   yes . 
  100 % worth it . 
  i guess here 's what we disagree on . 
  i find that killing a few thousand enemy soldiers , but eventually not even coming close to swaying the situation on the battlefield is n't worth ~ 35000 deaths a year and $ 500m taxpayers money in hospital bills . 
   so , one taliban squad got supid and was caught out in the open . 
  big deal . 
  taliban ( armed mostly with light weapons ) still controls large swaths of land in afghanistan and there is diddly-squat anyone can do about it with all the fancy new-age weapons . 
  and the us is n't actually , believe it or not , trying their absolute hardest to try to annex afghanistan and to get rid of taliban forgoing white gloves politics and pouring a lot of resources into it . 
  i assure you a tyranny would try to get rid of insurgents on it 's own ground . 
  the best you could hope for is that some military personnel will join you and bring weapons . 
   also , there is no evidence that banning guns would make violence decrease . 
  take away guns and criminals will still use guns ( illegally ) and other weapons will be found :, 
  1 ) europe has taken away guns and their homicide levels are much lower than that of the us . 
  2 ) it 's a lot harder to kill a lot of people with a knife . 
  mass stabbings do n't kill nearly as many people as mass-shootings . 
  and the arab spring would 've not had a chance in toppling assad without foreign help , even though the saa is n't something one calls a good army ( at least at the start of the conflict , they 've improved ), 
  i have to applaud you if you even get a percent to fight . 
  in usual insurgencies there are much less people ( ~ 0.05 % iirc ) . 
  civilians just want to go along with their lives . 
  how is this supposed to change his view ? 
  say your neighbor was a vegan and you are n't . 
  if he demanded more expensive food and was mad at you for eating meat would you still be as willing to help him ? 
  if he hit on your wife ? 
  if he took away candy from your kids because it does n't go together with his understanding of being a parent ? 
  today germany and sweden are facing problems of that kind with middle eastern refugees . 
  you 're obviously right , there absolutely would be defectors . 
   defecting to protect their families and homes and they 'd likely be taking much of their equipment with them . 
  i agree about the equipment part , but i can not think that a tyrant would n't beef up the military privileges and protect their families . 
  a tyrant without a military is a dead tyrant . 
  i think [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milgram_experiment ) experiment illustrates that people obey orders quite well ( not all would , and all did n't in this experiment either ) now add propaganda ( they want to destroy america , they 're terrorists , extremists etc. ), 
  to that and i do n't think many people would defect . 
  personal comfort should also be looked at - it 's nice to lay in a warm barracks . 
  how many would want to run into a forest to get frostbitten and starve ? 
  in conclusion i think a tyrant with american military backing him/her would have a very hard time losing , unless things do n't go their way at all and there are famines or something big like that . 
  after all it is the strongest military and spends huge amounts of money . 
  most of which ca n't even be hijacked by deserters ( best they could hope for are anti-tank weapons i.e javelins , tows and handheld anti-air missiles for helicopters . 
  you ca n't exactly operate a fighter jet from a desert or a forest . 
  for tanks and infantry vehicles you 'd need a lot of maintenance which you as an insurgent just ca n't afford ( look at houthis blowing up captured abrams ' tanks ) . 
  stealing a navy is just as ridiculous as stealing an air force and i am not even going to talk about satellites . 
  did the insurgency ever come close to driving americans out of important cities ? 
  the us is just there to avoid power vacuum and something like isis taking control again , no ? 
  just like in vietnam , us won battles , but politics held the troops back . 
  forgive me if i made any mistakes , i have n't studied this topic in depth . 
  no , some would surely happen , but i think it is reasonable to say it would lower these levels , and the $ 500m is only gun accidents . 
  also it 's easier and cleaner to commit suicide with a gun than with a knife or overdosing with meds . 
  tell me , why do you need to defend yourself with a gun , if nobody else has one either ? 
  i am not saying you can just take away guns from america overnight . 
  this is a theoretical argument . 
  however , gun laws like those in switzerland are much more sensible imo . 
  yes ? 
  it seems to be working very well in europe . 
  also , tear gas . 
  because it 's the country you rule ? 
  if you lose this you 're a dead man ? 
  i am not a dictator , but if i were these would be some pretty sound reason to do my best against an insurgency and forgoing some politics ( white gloves tactics and whatnot ) . 
  if you take off white gloves and get your hands bloody there are ways to find insurgents from civilian populous . 
  this presumably would n't be a problem for a tyrant . 
  the us does n't do this now for obvious reasons . 
  no guns , less killing . 
  sure it does happen , but less than in the us . 
  once again , tear gas ? 
  it works well and does ' t kill the other person . 
  what are more guns going to do in this situation ? 
   provide an insurgency with weapons , which can then effectively resist the us military ( see iraq ), 
  if you mean isis then they have tanks and anti-tank missiles and things that actually matter ( suicide bombers , car bombs etc ) . 
  other insurgents do n't hold any regions and thus are irrelevant . 
   the weapons they have are not going to be more effective against mainland us than they are against iraq . 
  except a hundred times more resources are poured in . 
   how well would we be able to defend against tyranny that you believe makes guns insignificant if we have nothing but knives ? 
  because at this point it does n't matter if you have guns or kitchen knives . 
  if you try to fight the military head-on you 'll lose 10 times out of 10 . 
  believe it or not , but some fat redneck who believes himself a good shot ca n't and wo n't beat a trained military person . 
  never . 
  especially if the military has huge technological advantage . 
  only thing the insurgency could do is also use vbieds and suicide bombers . 
  basically terrorise the population and try to kill the family of military personnel . 
  it does n't really matter if you 're using to kitchen knives or rifles when killing women , elderly and children , does it ? 
  if you really want to make a difference in such an insurgency you 'd be much better off learning to make ieds than hoarding rifles . 
  or buying anti-tank mines , but i do n't think you can really legally buy them . 
  do n't have to kill anyone , you could just send their family to alaska . 
  well , who is pro-anything-that-is-against-their-views , anyway ? 
  but i assume they are n't pro-censoring-free-speech ? 
  well the swedes did come raiding into estonia , which is why the raid and razing of sigtuna even happened . 
  yes . 
  they were n't mythical monsters , thoroughlly evil . 
  are they pro-killing-that-diversity, 
  are if they work towards destroying free speech ?
