  carbs and fat are n't good for much else though so protein is used for other things . 
  you seem to assume that she is harmless . 
  she is not . 
  having lots of muscle mass wo n't stop you from getting knocked out . 
  one lucky ( or well placed ) blow and the giant goes to sleep . 
  what if he 'd hit his head ? 
  it would be even worse since he is not a lightweight and hits the ground pretty hard . 
  i 'd rather cause potentially serious damage to a person that * attacks * me than risking possibly serious damage to myself . 
  why do you carry people around ? 
  ... racist ? 
  no , it 's quite common, 
  do you want russian nukes in mexico ? 
  it would already be in a pretty shot position if another countries ' navy blockaded the country , no ? 
  better to be able to trade with others except the us rather than not trade with anyone . 
  i think the blockade kills the economy already bro . 
  the economy is dead anyway , why not get on russia 's good side ? 
  it would 've been rude to leave out my bro at that point . 
  the first is maybe attainable after a decade of hard work without steroids but the others definitely are n't . 
  makes them absurdly muscular to the average person as someone not taking performance enhancing drugs will most likely never be as big as the first guy . 
  you could try a chainsaw, 
  same with galaxy s7 edge, 
  lots of people with thyroid issues at / r/fatlogic who deal with it just fine . 
  meds do not make you overweight , the eating does . 
  yep , this is how you do it . 
  he definitely has got a lot of fat . 
  many powerlifters have around ~ 30-35 % bf . 
  he just has huge abs . 
  i imagine he would look pretty freakish at 10 % bf . 
  u wot m8, 
  cancer is a very unlikely to get a normal smoker ( some 1 % smokers die of lung cancer ) . 
  as an obese smoker you are very unlikely develop cancer . 
  the biggest killer of both smokers and obese people are cardiovascular problems . 
  you just wo n't live long enough for cancer . 
  where do you put your phone then ? 
  no , the world rotates around my penis . 
  i think that 's called germany, 
  you can calculate your approximate energy expenditure here :, 
  to lose weight you need to eat less than that and to gain you need to eat more . 
  i would suggest getting a gym membership and eating at maintenance or slight ( 250-500 ) excess . 
  from my experience you really ca n't tell if you 're addicted or not . 
  you try to quit and it 's going fine for a few weeks . 
  then there 's something stressful in your life and you relapse again and again and each time it becomes harder and harder not to smoke for a while . 
  that 's my experience at least though i 've switched to snus now . 
  addiction is silent and you wo n't see it coming unless you have experience being addicted to other drugs . 
  take care mate . 
  produced not designed . 
  the all black ss uniform was designed by karl diebitsch ( what a name tho ) and walter heck . 
  yes , they used anesthetics . 
  three main ones were used : opium , mandrake and henbane . 
  these were all much less potent than today 's painkillers ( morphine , fentanyl etc. ), 
  so a mark of a good surgeon was speed . 
  what are the valid reasons ? 
  lenin was n't actually any better than stalin . 
  he started with the concentration camps , mass killings and calls to hang kulaks for everyone to see . 
  the red terror was , in fact , quite terrible . 
  red terror was the name the communist party gave to their operation . 
  they named it red terror not the capitalists . 
   `` it is necessary -- secretly and urgently to prepare the terror '' . 
  even before the assassinations , lenin had sent telegrams `` to introduce mass terror '' in nizhny novgorod in response to a suspected civilian uprising there , and to `` crush '' landowners in penza who resisted , sometimes violently , the requisitioning of their grain by military detachments . 
  from wikipedia . 
  the abdominus rectus is all one muscle . 
  it probably has to do with belly fat . 
  could also be muscle insertions and your lower 2 abs might never be very defined . 
  hyoscine definitely does n't make you into a zombie or make you do anything the attacker says . 
  it can produce unconsciousness and memory loss ( similar to benzos and alcohol ) . 
  no drug can make you into a zombie , the closest could be amphetamines or cocaine - the euphoria could make you want to help everybody with everything , but that 's a stretch . 
  it is very unlikely you empty your bank account for someone , rather you would offer them your drugs . 
   one common and particularly dangerous method that criminals use in order to rob a victim is through the use of drugs . 
  the most common [ in colombia ] has been scopolamine . 
  unofficial estimates put the number of annual scopolamine incidents in colombia at approximately 50,000 . 
  scopolamine can render a victim unconscious for 24 hours or more . 
  in large doses , it can cause respiratory failure and death . 
  it is most often administered in liquid or powder form in foods and beverages . 
  the majority of these incidents occur in night clubs and bars , and usually men , perceived to be wealthy , are targeted by young , attractive women . 
  to avoid becoming a victim of scopolamine , one should never accept food or beverages offered by strangers or new acquaintances or leave food or beverages unattended . 
  victims of scopolamine or other drugs should seek immediate medical attention . 
  from wikipedia, 
  literally the first sentence on the wikipedia page is :, 
   ** hyoscine , also known as scopolamine ** , is a medication used to treat motion sickness and postoperative nausea and vomiting . 
  e : both scopolia nad hyoscyamus niger contain scopolamine . 
  oden 's the most used snus in estonia as well ( at least where i live ) , but i am having a hard time imagining no dealers sell siberia . 
  i am thinking of switching to siberia exclusively because it is stronger and has more pouches in it for the same price . 
  withdrawal symptoms do not mean it is physically addictive . 
  someone with a very high coke tolerance can quit it cold turkey without long term health problems . 
  yes , they would experience withdrawal symptoms but those would be over in a few weeks . 
  opioids for example are physically addictive and if one has a high tolerance then he definitely should n't quit cold turkey . 
  the ill effects of being physically addicted without taking the drug anymore can kill you and the milder effects affect you for years . 
  google physical dependency for more information on that . 
  that has to be a joke . 
   int : 17, 
  if we put einstein and newton and all those folks at 20 then 17 is very very impressive , school must be piss easy . 
  good for you man . 
  obviously , he 's a mod in askmen , 
  yeah 320 is definitely not in the 0.0032 % , most men can achieve that after some years of disciplined lifting ( and diet ) . 
  unless he 's talking about kilos then yeah , he 's far better than 0.0032 % . 
  he is swoleinstein . 
  are your friends exceptional scientists that have provided a lot to the world with their discoveries ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  good point , had n't actually considered that . 
  although this scale is basically meaningless if one were to assume it non-linear .
