  the major powers of ww1 pretty much caused the ww2 . 
  they did n't start it , no , or commit the atrocities of holocaust but such things would have inevitably led to a war . 
  also uniting germany was n't made easier by this as multiple parties fought for power ( biggest were nazi and communist party ) . 
  edit : this was also a reason why they did n't set such major reparations on germany after ww2 too . 
  i also made a mistake about the inflation . 
  the top comment has a quote from the article that says `` one dogfight occurred '', 
  that greece fighters escorted these planes out of their territory . 
  interception is when you fly slightly lower and behind the enemy plane ( kind of a weak spot , if the enemy plane tries to attack it will be quickly shot down ) . 
  you can see a picture of a british interceptor escorting soviet bomber ( tu-95 , bear ) here http://imgur.com/r/aviation/ucmiqoi, 
  yeah the picture is very old ( might be from 70s , i 'll try to find the aviation thread it was from ) . 
  fun fact the soviets started building bears in early 50s and they 're still used today to bomb isis in syria . 
  biological warfare : medieval style . 
  first off i agree with you at all other points other than this one . 
   i 've heard other attempts to glorify hitler ( ` he fixed the economy ' etc. ), 
  but he did fix the economy , even if it did n't take a genius to stop paying reparations , take back the lost land , develop a military , print more money and build infrastructure . 
  lies !, 
  yeah . 
  china has been taking africa while everybody else fights for middle east . 
  yes , that is the price you pay for a look at the mighty elephants who carry the world . 
  very interesting !, 
  thank you for correcting me . 
   however , this is completely dependent on your metrics for a good economy . 
  so i was n't saying that he was an economic mastermind or nazi economy was particularly `` good '' . 
  i was just saying he and his party pulled the country out of a shitshow . 
  whether or not his tactics would 've lasted long is , well , up for speculation as we can not say anything for sure . 
  here is the article for anyone who ca n't read it . 
   russia is deploying its most advanced battlefield tanks in syria , in the latest sign that the kremlin is being forced to escalate its intervention from an air to a ground war . 
  a report by the iranian fars news agency , supported by photographs circulating on social media this week , suggest that newly delivered t-90 tanks have been sent to support the syrian regime 's advance south of aleppo . 
  two months after moscow intervened militarily to shore up a syrian regime that was crumbling under the pressures of war , the deployment of t90s seems intended to combat a flood of anti-tank missiles with which rebel forces have been able to destroy less capable tanks . 
  experts say the russian intervention is prolonging a conflict that has already claimed the lives of more than a quarter of a million syrians , causing millions to flee abroad as world world powers pile in to join an escalating civil war . 
  the t-90 tanks are swaddled in explosive armour , causing most weapons used against them to detonate on impact . 
  pro-regime media have said that they will be manned by hastily trained syrian operators , though experts have questioned that claim due to the high value nature of the tanks . 
  although the vehicles have been used during conflicts in chechnya and ukraine , this is their first confirmed deployment to a war zone , according to tim ripley , an analyst who writes for jane 's defence weekly . 
   russia has denied that it is extending its syrian war effort beyond air strikes and maintains that its troops are not engaged in ground combat . 
  but recent developments suggest it is now getting sucked into a costly and possibly lengthy fight , due to the syrian regime 's inability to capitalise on the initial intervention . 
  the deployment of the t90s appears to reflect moscow 's frustration at this failure , as well as concern over the damage inflicted by the rebels ' anti-tank missiles , themselves supplied by the regime 's arch-rivals in the gulf states and turkey . 
   despite a close and sustained air support , regime troops and their allied shia militia have failed to recapture a single strategically important town or city from the assortment of rebel factions they have been battling . 
  mr ripley said the movement of t90s to south aleppo appeared aimed at punching westwards through aleppo province into idlib , a region that has been under control of rebel groups including since their lightning sweep through the area at the beginning of this year . 
  russia is also expanding an air base in homs province in western syria to accommodate its fighter jets , and was already using another , further east , for helicopter sorties , according to the syrian observatory for human rights , a britian-based monitoring group . 
  the first , the shayrat air base , is southeast of homs city , and the second , at al-tayas towards the islamic state-controlled city of palmyra , were likely to be used to strike the group in the area . 
   russian military experts suggested that if the expansion of new bases is confirmed it could signal new offensive operations . 
  `` russia has expanded its operations against isil since the bombing of a russian civilian jet in egypt in october , '' said vassily kashin , a senior research fellow at the moscow-based centre for analysis of strategies and technologies , a private think tank . 
  `` but much of that has been done by long-range strategic bombers flying from russia . 
  when you need close coordination with ground troops and rapid reaction times , you need bases close to the front , especially if you 're using helicopters , '' he added . 
  a strengthened russian presence through homs and central syria would help the regime to re-take the strategically important town of palmyra from islamic state militants , seven months after the jihadist group took control of the area and began destroying its precious roman ruins . 
  it could also secure an important natural gas field which links up to power stations that keep the lights on in the regime 's base , damascus . 
  i assume you 're talking about mexicans immigrating to the us and taking their jobs . 
  the thing is n't that mexicans can do the job better ( or worse for that matter ) it is just that many accept lower payments which people from the us are n't willing to work for so it 's not that these people suck at their jobs they just want to have respectable wages . 
  that is exactly where the problem comes from , if mexicans would be * only * willing to work for high wages then this problem would be solved . 
  that is not happening because if it did many mexicans would become unemployed . 
   seeing as nato is richer , and the u.s. is far away from any russian strategic bomber, 
  strategic bombers in 60s were able to fly from soviet union to us and back . 
  the range of bombers would n't be a huge problem . 
  i think you 're forgetting about vietnam though , how quick can you bring them home and get them ready to invade cuba ? 
  quicker than the soviets can reinforce it ? 
  if the us ca n't take cuba quickly and cleanly there will be a struggle . 
  i think you 're underestimating the power of soviet production . 
  stalin had pretty much spent a majority of his rule getting ready for ww2 . 
  from 1927-37 he spent a lot of resources in industrialization of soviet union . 
  he sold many luxuries gathered by the russian nobility for hundred of years . 
  he made people work in farms and sold all of the product so the people starved . 
  these factories would not be useless in the 60s . 
  you 're also dismissing the fact that soviet union was far bigger than russia is today . 
  the population in soviet union was bigger than the population in usa . 
  edit : there were some other things i did n't address in this post as well , such as the tanks of us not performing well in eastern european terrain etc. 
  now i think you 've let your bias decide for you . 
  aircraft carriers are only useful with military aircraft on them , correct ? 
  but i am fairly sure you would n't have it , as soviets would far outproduce you . 
  from 1937-39 when stalin 's factories started focusing on building a war equipment they built around 23000 planes . 
  they were n't only building planes though . 
  guns , tanks , missiles , uniforms etc. 
  were all being produced in massive numbers . 
  anyway , i think it would take the us longer to start mass production production . 
  some of the perks of soviet production :, 
  * slave labor . 
  * huge existing factories . 
  * no human rights . 
  these are all horrible things but fuck me if that does n't boost production a lot . 
  they 'd start drafting humans and throwing them in the meat grinder basically , they did n't give 2 shits about people in the baltic states , chechnya etc. 
  even when after the chernobyl men from these places were forcefully sent to clean that up and deal with radiation themselves . 
  i agree . 
  annexation of either nation would be almost impossible ( and even if done pretty much uncontrollable ) . 
  the only way to win is to bomb the enemies ' cities to the ground , stop their military production and destroy their enemy to a point where they are of no danger to you . 
  i am not sure if you have ever been to siberia or know about the terrain there . 
  it is mostly wild nature and bogs . 
  for the us to invade from the east they 'd have to build a whole new type of tanks/land equipment . 
  invading from the east is extremely hard especially when you are being bombed.invading from east would be almost certainly a failure as well . 
  even today when the us clearly has superior technology it 'd be a suicide . 
  abrams tanks are very heavy ( around 20 tons heavier than modern russian tanks ) and would get stuck very quick ( even in places like estonia , if you 're invading from the west ) . 
  soviet and russian tanks have always been much lighter ( modern ones weigh around the same that american ones weighed in 60s , with much much better engines etc. ), 
  and even these are known to get stuck from time to time . 
  i do n't think we ever saw what khrushchev was made of . 
  perhaps he would 've used slave labor , perhaps not . 
  rebellions are * very * reliant on outside support of arms , logistics and other information . 
  without these rebellions will fail . 
  how is the us going to get all of that behind the iron curtain before most young men who would rebel are drafted ? 
   people hailed the germans as liberators in 1941 . 
  i am well aware of that , the countries were torn between war and people from same countries were fighting each other . 
  people liked the germans much less after the draft . 
  how are you going to get there though ?
