  2 ) prohibiting drugs does n't work, 
  3 ) it is very good for the government ( tax money , smokers die earlier etc. ), 
  in most countries homosexuality is n't illegal . 
  in most countries smoking is prohibited for minors . 
  if they would get paid less they 'd be more likely to take bribes etc. 
  paying politicians nothing sounds like an horrible idea . 
  how does lower salary attract anyone ? 
  the politicians sound like assholes and surely some of them are but they also run the country and make hard decisions . 
  if you have no people ( or very little ) doing that the country would eventually collapse . 
  well , sure it would keep money-hungry people out of politics but even now politics is n't way to get rich ( it pays well but there are a lot of higher paying jobs out there ) . 
  people go into politics for the power . 
  edit.also the money-hungry people would n't be getting most of the money out of the salary , but by being corrupt ( selling out secrets etc. ), 
  some of them , yes , sure . 
  but you should also consider the people who represent the poor and the minorities - these people need the salary and would n't go into politics without the salary . 
  if you get rid of them then politics consists of rich white people and most of them wo n't give a crap about the poor nor the minorities . 
  unbelievable story really , this one time i was born and now i have a scar in the middle of my stomach . 
  humans are pretty predictable actually . 
  i bet there are going to be therapist apps in the future so you can access your therapist anytime . 
  one person could probably end life on this planet . 
  i did n't even realize that i had puked . 
  i was over at my aunt 's place and that was embarrassing . 
  actually hitler was a christian . 
  i also agree with / u/punkrok97 's opinions . 
  should we leave all diseases untreated ? 
  where do yo want to meet , so you could give me all your money ? 
  poor miserable ghosts, 
  it 's a really amusing game !, 
  i think i have played through it a few times on all difficulties but it is just too easy , they should have implemented some really challenging difficulty . 
  to be honest , this is not a real problem in first world countries . 
  we 'd just get voice activated tvs . 
  105 kilograms is n't that skinny, 
  this is definitely going to front page, 
  sounds great , how do i stop them from escaping though ? 
  did you apologize ? 
  there go my hopes and dreams, 
  was the dog an asshole though ? 
  warning :, 
  if you stutter while saying this then you will look like a moron . 
  around 6 years old . 
  sparkly stones . 
  if they fit the girl then good for them but usually i do not care . 
  alright , how do you get a bathtub full of sulfuric acid + hydrogen peroxide ? 
  and you 'd have to make sure it does n't dissolve your bathtub . 
  very well , forgive me for not reading the title carefully enough . 
  also , i am not sure why 'd you use hydrogen peroxide if you want to dissolve the body and not blow it up . 
  if you 'll go for h2o4 ( read : sulfuric acid ) you 'd need some high concentration stuff and getting a bathtub full of it would n't be easy if you do n't happen to have a chem lab where nobody will notice if you jack bathtub full of high concentration sulfuric acid . 
  if you happen to get a bathtub full of h2o4 then you should probably get a plastic bathtub or container so it wo n't dissolve it . 
  edit : of course this is theoretically speaking and if you 'd need to get rid of a body then this would be expensive ( yet effective ) way to do it . 
  somebody already mentioned feeding it to the pigs so go for that . 
  women 's rights, 
  nobody has to know you 're not a senile old fuck though, 
  i 'm ** real ** good man, 
  every action is a reaction, 
  kill, 
  stroke a man 's penis and you have him for the night , stroke a man 's ego and you have him for the rest of your life . 
  slaves . 
  one slave is fine , many slaves will riot . 
  12 years a slave, 
  that 's a drug . 
  diet coke is literally poison . 
  someone please do the math and tell us how many months that is . 
  damn , that 's a lot, 
  what kind of racism ? 
  when someone says nigger or other racist slur or when someone does n't get equal rights because of race ? 
  shit happens, 
  people hate people with power . 
  cancer develops over long periods of time . 
  e cigs and such have n't been around all that long . 
  no healthy and sane person goes on a killing spree or rapes someone . 
  these people need help . 
  punishment is not help , it just makes things worse . 
  prison is a bad system for anything else but keeping dangerous people out of society . 
  if you want to help people then prison definitely is n't the way to go and if you want to punish people then there are a lot of other stuff that is a lot more effective . 
  sure , but there are a lot of people out there who seriously need some help with mental illnesses etc. 
  also what kind of healthy and mentally sane person without a shitty childhood goes into a gang ? 
  people in gangs are usually people ( lower level people , not druglords etc. ), 
  who have had no parents/parents who did n't care about them at all . 
  that is fucking great . 
  you can do that with 10 bucks ? 
  that 's $ 2.68 over the budget !, 
  if i would have all the money in the world , the system would collapse and i would be left with bunch of paper . 
  so i could n't really buy anything . 
  sure , but most of them know that you should n't take tower/creep aggro while new players do not know anything . 
  bad players  new players . 
  you did n't get the point . 
  in solo queue an experienced player and a new player ca n't have a party thus there will be no new players in solo queue . 
  before insulting i 'd advise you to reread the question since reading once does n't do it for you . 
  how does solo queue solve this ? 
  - there will be no new people mixed with experienced players . 
  nobody will instapick carry or what ? 
  - sure , people will instapick carry but they have an idea what they should and should not do ( e.g not diving towers at low levels , skipping boots and going for damage only ), 
  well , people who thought differently before were burned . 
  also you have a double negative . 
  do n't knock it till you try it . 
  there is no real point . 
  it 's what we make it to be . 
  regret does n't change anything . 
  i have no regrets . 
  i do n't know about the punishment part . 
  i sprayed my cats face with water when he went on the table .
