  this does not seem to be the biggest problem though . 
  a better comparison would be child molesting , should we decriminalise that and teach people to not molest children instead ? 
   most parents mean well for their kids , and want to do what 's best . 
  spanking is just culturally ingrained . 
  what works best against ingrained attitudes is compassion and education , not criminalization . 
  having one does n't mean you ca n't have the other also . 
   so why would we want to create such hazard ? 
  what hazard ? 
  they can throw anyone to jail right now for spanking if they want to . 
  they 'd just be acting unlawfully . 
  you 've lost me here . 
   i brought up war drugs to illsuate my point that not all negative things should be banned . 
  and i brought up that most people using drugs do so of their free will . 
  not many are forcibly injected . 
  not many children want spanking either thus this is a bad comparison . 
   this is a terrible comparison . 
  level of harm is nowhere close . 
  level of harm is n't , but the concept is similar . 
  molesting a child = very damaging to the child, 
  spanking a child = damaging to child, 
   yes it does . 
  we should try all other avenues first , before we resort to criminalization which will inevitably victimize thee poorest most vulnerable communities , just like the war on drugs did . 
  people can be taught and if they disobey and still continue to abuse their children they can be fined and forcibly reeducated . 
  there 's no reason jail would have anything to do with this . 
   the hazard of going to jail or being beaten for an offense that should not be criminalized . 
  but the people were beaten without it being illegal . 
  legality of the thing had absolutely nothing to do with this . 
   feeding child mcdonalds - damaging child - make it illegal . 
  not necessarily . 
  having mcdonalds but generally eating healthy and being normal weight class is not really damaging to the child . 
  having your child go obese is damaging and imo should have some repercussions . 
  not fines , but reeducation as having your child go obese is generally neglect not willfully hurting the child . 
  if you let your child go obese as a punishment or you just like to see him/her suffer then i definitely think it should be illegal . 
   if people went to jail for jaywalking , people will certainly go to jail for spanking . 
  they did n't go to jail , did you even read ? 
  the judge laughed at the charges and let them go free . 
   this is a terrible approach that will victimize children in poor communities by throwing their parent in jail . 
  also why would this hurt poor communities more ? 
  i see that drugs can turn a potential profit , but spanking your child ca n't . 
   great . 
  let 's throw parents in jail when their kids are obsess . 
  i explicitly said that they 'd have to be reeducated not thrown to jail . 
   same reason that drugs laws have disproportionately victimized poor people . 
  poor people are victims because for them it is sometimes the only way to feed themselves . 
   where accused do n't get any benefit of the doubt from police and justice system . 
  of course they do . 
  you ca n't sentence someone without proving their fault in court . 
  rehabilitation systems seem to work very well in europe , thank you . 
   yes , and spanking is often the only available discipline technique . 
  time out may not work , when you simply have no time or space to enforce a time out , etc. 
  same is true for other discipline techniques . 
  if you do n't have enough time to speak to your children then what the fuck are you doing having children ? 
   of course they do n't . 
  many poor innocent people take a plea-bargained guilty plea because they are afraid of a severe punishment when convicted . 
  then the system is broken and there is nothing for me to argue about that . 
   a ) because you do n't have access to birth control and abortion . 
  a ) a condom is much cheaper that raising a child . 
  b ) if you do n't have 15 minutes to talk to your child , then yes , you should n't have children . 
   op 's view has to work in the current system , not some magical perfect system . 
  i just applied this system to my country not usa and i ca n't say my country 's system is perfect , but i am fairly certain this would work out here . 
  see my point about rehabilitation working well in europe . 
   speaking for 15 minutes not a very effective discipline technique for a 3 year old . 
  tell me , then what is that magical discipline method that takes many many hours ? 
   and yes , many parent ca n't just drop everything and discipline their child . 
  fuck them right ? 
  if they 're at work then i am assuming the child goes to kindergarten . 
  if they 're at home , then i do n't really see how they could n't discipline them , could you give me an example ? 
   your country has no poor people , minorities , or immigrants , right ? 
  the native population makes up 68.8 % of the population . 
  25.5 % percent are people who do n't give a shit about integration or learning the language . 
  we have entire counties that do n't speak the official language . 
  did you assume i was saying that you should talk to your kid for 15 minutes once and then all is well and you 'll never have to discipline him at all anymore ? 
  you are n't setting up the system at once , are you ? 
  you do it bit by bit and one time takes around ~ 15 minutes max . 
  i ca n't think of a time i was ever lectured for that long , actually . 
   a kid is throwing a temper tantrum at 7:45 in the morning about not wanting to go to daycare for no good reason . 
  if you do n't make your work on time - you will get fired . 
  what do you do ? 
  take 15 minutes to lecture your kid and get fired , or smack the kid once on his arm and drive him to day care on schedule ? 
  skip the hitting , use firm tone and take him to daycare anyway ? 
   disproportionately punishing the 25 % of people, 
  if you ca n't impose your will on a 4 year old even if you have to scream back at him then i do n't think a slight spanking as a `` shock '' method wo n't help either . 
  video of it getting hit for anyone interested . 
  eh , does n't much differ from people saying oh my god or oh god . 
  i bet you 've said it before . 
  me neither but there definitely are people in the western world who do that . 
  it is god is great or god is greater ( than us or anything else happening ) . 
  islam does n't acknowledge other gods . 
  eu does n't have much bargaining power when it comes to ttip for example . 
  european federation would . 
  ttip for example . 
  are you really saying that while not recognising other gods they included the * certainty * of other gods in their most common praising ? 
  islam recognises no other gods . 
  to a muslim the only god is his . 
  christians and hindus are a cult who believe in some imaginative god . 
  considering this it definitely does n't mean * our * god is greater . 
  it means ( according to the muslims i 've talked to that god is greater means that only he can underatand why this is happening or a praise etc. 
  also you say that `` oh my god '' does n't mean what it used to . 
  yet you assume that allahu akbar does mean what it meant in the beginning . 
  how come ?
