  for the americans to invade the baltic states and russia they 'd need a much different equipment . 
  american tanks perform rather poorly in the bogs , whereas the soviet tanks were built for that terrain ( not that they did n't get stuck from time to time anyway ) . 
  i think you 're underestimating the soviets a lot here . 
  also you mentioned that the soviets were behind in military technology . 
  can you provide me with some examples of that ? 
  also - aircraft carriers - i think your ' e overestimating those in a land war . 
  by a lot , if you can have bases in germany/france why would you need aircraft carriers ? 
  i see these were superb in the war with japan but i honestly do n't see how they 'd be very good in a war against the soviets . 
  if they honestly were * next level * do n't you think some other world powers would have them by now ? 
  were n't the kurds supposed to be the good guys ? 
  damn . 
   this is precisely why rome had so much trouble with the barbarians , and why the us has been largely unsuccessful against terrorism in the middle east . 
  rome had problem with barbarians because of the fact that they started using `` mercenaries '' . 
  the system is different today . 
  they started having trouble because multiple generals started fighting for power with factions loyal to them . 
  none had a big enough army to take full control . 
  this created a huge chaos and different regions of the roman empire were controlled by different people . 
  there was no ruler . 
  imagine all us state governors taking full control of their states , declaring themselves king and warring with the rest of the states . 
   and why the us has been largely unsuccessful against terrorism in the middle east . 
  they are having `` trouble '' because they 're not actually trying to destroy isis . 
  if you look at a map and where the us is bombing you see they defend the rebels and try to guide isis to fight assad . 
  weaken 2 enemies at once then sweep in near the end and claim all prizes and praises . 
  kind of what stalin tried doing in ww2 ( except it backfired horribly ) . 
   your view is static . 
  your scenario assumes that the insurgency against the tyrannical regime basically has guns and perpetually fights only with guns . 
  over time they 'd pick up sponsors from mexico and abroad , military vehicles , and other weapons , communication , wealth , etc. 
  i agree with that , only i think the insurgents would get a lot of needed logistical support from russia etc. 
  very quickly . 
  it did n't turn into a war when the us , sweden and britain armed the baltic rebels . 
  i doubt it would now as that would make it a war on 2 fronts so to say . 
   so yeah , guns are important because they 're man-portable perimeter defensive weapons . 
  with them , you can hold the ground you take . 
  it 's hard to advance with guns , but it 's very hard to be advanced on , which gives a huge advantage to the governed to be able to have the time to respond to a tyrannical government takeover . 
  unless they can take nyc or some other big city ( pretty much impossible , if everyone in the city is against the tyrant , they 'd just be bombed , if not you can put out armed patrols and bounties . 
  these things tend to work rather well against an insurgency . 
  especially against one without support or clear hierarchy . 
  if they take some land outside of a city `` artillery '' or precision bombs could be used very effectively . 
  this does n't happen . 
  many people hated stalin . 
  many people hated hitler . 
  they were n't killed in assassinations . 
  a tyrant would be very likely to take on extreme measures to protect himself . 
   putin 's support is through the roof, 
  that is why moscow is blockaded by trucks and shit , right ? 
  if you read up on what weapons/tanks/aircraft the ussr had you can pretty clearly see that these were not suited for a defensive war . 
  if you look up on the planes the ussr mostly produced pre-war you can see that these were mostly medium bombers and ground-attack aircraft . 
  if you look at the tanks you can see pre-war mostly bt tanks and a-20 ( later rebuilt into medium tank and called t34 ) were built . 
  a20 and bt tanks are lightweight tanks ( bt had wheels , and it could n't be used offroad ) . 
  this armament would 've done well in a surprise attack - take down the enemy planes before they can fly , roll up quickly and take their cities . 
  one could speculate that stalin had a plan to take europe for his own in late 1920s as that was when industrialization begun . 
  his plans seemed to be foiled as hitler started a war on two fronts in 1940 however as the five-year plan that was focusing on military production had only lasted for 3 years ( 37-40 ) . 
  if stalin had attacked first , taken romania then hitler would 've been screwed . 
  instead to stalin 's surprise hitler attacked first . 
  if you 're interested in the topic then i suggest you look up an ex-kgb agent 's book on it - icebreaker by viktor suvorov . 
  edit : keep in mind that this is a speculation not the truth . 
  fair enough , i have n't actually finished the book yet . 
  the most ridiculous thing to me seems the fact that stalin planned hitler 's power struggle etc. 
  but about the preventive attacks ? 
  i do n't know . 
  many ( most ) say that the red army was n't ready for a war in 41 , but could 've possibly been ready by '42 which is when the five-year plan should 've ended . 
  about the tanks w / wheels - iirc his argument was that the ussr had no roads good enough for the bt tanks to be viable - only germany and a few other countries did . 
  it does n't seem improbable to me that stalin would 've wanted the war to last for a few years and then sweep in , take romania and with that the rest of nazi germany . 
  who knows , none of these leaders is alive today . 
  according to 2010 europoll only 22 % of norwegians believe that there is a god . 
  there are a lot less devout christians/muslims as many people believe `` casually '' or believe in some other than abrahamic religion . 
  this is a pretty low number . 
  well this is a little different . 
  unless russia accepts that they did it ( with orders ) you ca n't really do that . 
  more realistic would be to demand punishment of the `` separatists '' . 
  nobody even claims that the russians shot down the plane - they claim it was done by the `` insurgents '' . 
  turkey shot down the russian plane as a country though . 
   have the saudis killed thousands of their own people with sarin gas, 
  has assad ? 
  if you have n't heard of the executions and discrimination against shias in saudi arabia , then you 've been living under a rock . 
  can you actually provide unbiased sources for the fact that assad used those chemical weapons ? 
  wikipedia does n't accept it . 
  assad was also the one to ask for the un to inspect the situation . 
  care to explain what he 'd do that for ? 
   in order for ghoutta to have been the rebels , they would have had to have :, 
  or , they could 've just bought some from al-nusra or other organizations . 
  sarin has been confiscated from al-nusra before :, 
  there are even sources that suggest turkey has been supplying isis with sarin :, 
   the launchers were syrian ,, 
  actually one of them was made in the ussr in '60s and the other one could n't be identified . 
  also only a few ( 4 out of 17 ) warheads contained high concentration sarin . 
  well yeah . 
  more supply means the price will go down even further . 
  really hurts russia ( and saudi arabia ) . 
   ahh yes , 95 % of everyone who has ever lived was illogical ,, 
  yes actually , humans are very emotion driven by nature and that makes us illogical . 
  alchemist obviously . 
  the soviet union was pretty lame . 
  if you consider the freedom of russia today and in the 50s ( stalin ) or 70s ( brezhnev ) you can see it is pretty `` free '' . 
  government opposing opinions are n't reported by news agencies and such , but at least these people are n't being jailed like in 50s and 70s . 
  i do admit , that putin has made things more strict during his rule ( 16 years or more as you mentioned ) . 
  yeltsin 's rule was probably the most freedom-oriented government that russia has ever had . 
  sad that he was an alcoholic and not really great at running the country , though . 
  ninja edit : i just noticed that this post was 3 days old . 
  test candidate , do n't vote .
