  after a while a clap or seeing me was enough to get him off the table . 
  he has n't gone on the table for over a year . 
  alright . 
  how should i have kept my cat off the table ? 
  also if you do n't mind could you give me the source of the study , sounds interesting . 
  thanks, 
  i r8 8/8, 
  the one in the van , want some ? 
  if you do n't have gold , give silver . 
  got ta make these attack potions , eh, 
  i could be wrong , but i think the speed is added when on you attack not on your hero similarly to aa 's damage buff . 
  take a break , make some coffee or something , listen to music . 
  as / u/g3ck0 said , bind a button for select all other units ( 3 for me ) and bind a button to select your own hero . 
  when you cast disruption and illusions appear select them with the button you binded and right click on the enemy you want to focus . 
  now quickly click the button that you binded to take control of your hero . 
  hope that helps . 
  they would shoot the plane down and even if you managed to get off and jump in to the lava the gopro would be destroyed, 
  i am just trying to be realistic ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  humans . 
  biting can cause infections that kill people . 
  latin maybe ? 
  great way to become a sex offender, 
  struggling with that too , do n't know how to get rid of the habits and develop work ethics . 
  what the fuck, 
  yay for incest, 
  actually neanderthals died out ~ 40000 years ago . 
  itt : stuff that has nothing to do with 10 000bc, 
  since when getting money on supports does n't help ? 
  a hex on a support late game can make all the difference . 
  * calling missing, 
  * buying wards, 
  * buying detection, 
  even though it is explained that you should do these things it 's still misleading . 
  you got quite a lot of pick offs in the early game but it seemed like you guys did n't use it . 
  if you go and gank a sidelane as a middle and get 2 kills and have teammates alive you should definitely take a tower , it is a lot more beneficial than going back to your lane of farming a jungle camp . 
  you guys had some teamfights with veno and earthshaker down and they were pretty much all you had in teamfights . 
  ~ 33 minutes you tried to push when the enemy team was down but the creeps were far from enemy towers , you should 've backed and probably taken roshan but instead you stuck around and got yourself killed , no hope for a teamfight either since earthshaker was n't there . 
  hope i helped . 
  lina is a int hero thus butterfly might not be the best choice . 
   i definitely did n't do this, 
  do n't targaryens have light hair tho ? 
  he used tp scroll and teleport does n't give vision . 
  seems like a bug or something . 
  edit : seems like if you are near the sprout trees you can see through them , only happens when prophet moved near the trees and enemy is near the trees too . 
  might be a bug \u00b4 . 
  it was od, 
  i think sven and magnus can do even better . 
  do not only search for mistakes in replays but stuff you could 've done better . 
  imagine you are mid laner and go bot to gank you kill 2 people and then you go farm the jungle . 
  you did fine however you could 've done better and taken the bot tower . 
  yes , but if you keep making some kind of mistake over and over again then it is very important to fix it . 
  also tell somebody else to review your games since you might not see your own mistakes . 
  yo mama so fat that when rubick used spell steal on her he only go diabetes, 
  what do you have against a little necrophilia ? 
  when i was a kid i used to eat ( drink ? ), 
  suck it out of the bottle . 
  good times . 
  where does it talk about rape ? 
  and if you cry out . 
  probably meant as cry out of pleasure not pain . 
  do n't see a problem here . 
  bigger boobs and a cigarette makes someone offensive ? 
  so if some random woman has big boobs and smokes a cigarette then she is offensive to other women ? 
  do n't quite understand that . 
  sure , but this lina picture is n't portraying all women, 
  except puppey ? 
  how many sandwiches in 9 minutes ? 
  actually the replies are showed randomly in this mode . 
  i am pretty sure it 's self defense . 
  so if a woman is beating a man he should just take the beating ? 
  so if a smaller person attacks you then you should n't use your strength as an advantage ? 
  but the man does n't know that it 's just one punch , does he ? 
  same could be said about stabbing . 
  it 's self defense in any case . 
  if we escalated the situation and gave the woman a knife would you still say the same ? 
  if the punches do not danger you then , yes , absolutely . 
  assuming she would n't stab you as soon as you 'd try to escape ( it is kind of obvious ) . 
  if someone is endangering you i 'd say use whatever it takes to ensure your own safety . 
  will ebola make you impotent , ebola ? 
  good map awareness and tps when he is diving counter him pretty bad . 
  the timing is around x :55, 
  when playing carries you should always have a tp to join fights across the map if needed . 
  now every time there is a fight breaking out you have to consider a few things :, 
  is your team going to win the fight without you ? 
  if yes you do n't join it ( even not for the assists/kills , they 're not worth it and you wo n't make the most out of the situation ) , if not can you make a difference in the fight ? 
  if no you should take a tower in another lane otherwise go fight with them . 
  although when enemy is taking barracks/t3 you should probably fight , unless your team is dead and you can trade barracks/t3 . 
  also what hero did you play in the match ? 
  i am analyzing your replay and what these are my conclusions :, 
  1 ) you do n't maintain creep equilibrium ( qop did n't do that either ) , but it is very important so you make your enemy leave the safe zone and play at a disadvantage while playing safer yourself . 
  2 ) your last hits were below average and considering you did n't have a super hard lane you should 've had more . 
  maybe you can get perfect 80 cs in 10 minutes but you are definitely not using these skills !, 
  3 ) while you cleared a wave of creeps with 3 razes , you did n't hit any razes on qop so you wasted a bunch of mana to give up the positioning advantage you could 've had . 
  4 ) i could be mistaken but you never checked other lane or what items enemies had , for example qop bought no items in the start of the game ( horrible decision , really ) so you could 've right clicked and eventually delay her bottle . 
  important stuff, 
  5 ) when you 're going for runes you kept going for the bot rune which is a bad decision because top rune is a lot nearer to the lane hence you do n't lose that much ( any ) exp . 
  6 ) at around 11:10 slark and cm ( dunno what slark was doing there tbh ) ganked your lane and you stood there without helping them out , you must know what is going around near you and if possible all around the map . 
  7 ) buy a tp scroll with brown boots , even though you do not gank other lanes as sf if the enemy team is diving and you can tp in and get yourself a few kills and save your allies then that is amazing !, 
  8 ) disable ring of aquila in lane unless going for the tower . 
  it still affects you and your team 's heroes but does n't give extra armor to creeps .
