  lyc\u00e9es may * also * decide to split students by ability ( so the good kids have a better chance to study and get good grades at exams without being held back by the idiots ) , and some decide to mix all levels out of principle , to avoid elitism - it 's mostly up to the principal 's choice . 
  after that , well , there 's the * bac * , and grades at that are an entrance criteria for some choices , and the * concours de grandes ecoles * are very competitive exam for entering prestigious schools . 
  i agree that the us get labelled racist a lot , but in practice it 's probably among the least racist societies around , both in that saying racist things is less socially acceptable and that a bunch of weird foreigners moving in will attract the least stares and hostility . 
  ( depends of which part of the us of course ), 
   americans find it strange that some french women do n't shave their armpits , it 's not something i pay that much attention to , i could n't say like that how common it is . 
   most do n't bathe regularly , i * did * take a shower this month . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2015/02/how-often-people-in-various-countries-shower/385470/ ) there is not that big of a difference , france and the us seem to have nearly the same rate of showering . 
   you are in good shape ( not like fat americans ) , i think that 's true , most people are about the same , but the us seems to have way more outliers on the fat end . 
   smoke a lot , i think there are more non-smokers than smokers , especially among the younger generations . 
  i * think * that stereotype is a bit out of date by now but could be wrong . 
   love dogs ( which i love ) is that because of all the dog shit in paris ? 
  i never felt there was a difference between france and the us on that . 
  plus horse is way tastier than dog . 
   and hate americans . 
  it 's a bit of a complicated love/hate/jaleousy / pretend-we-don ` t-care relationship . 
   it 's because there are less minorities there than in the us so less tensions uuuuuh - less tensions , are you sure ? 
  go say that in northern ireland , or in moellenbeck , or near the flemish-walloon border , or in catalonia , or where the hungarians were putting up barbwire to keep the migrants out , or near a roma camp , or in the dombass ... 
  british english . 
  but then we get exposed to much more american english in movies , songs , tv , the internet ... 
  ( where are you from ? 
  your flair is a bit vague , and your names sounds like maybe it could be slavic or romanian ... ), 
  i came here to say that , you beat me . 
  i do n't know if it 's * the * favourite meal , but it 's one of the classics . 
  * merguez * is also pretty popular alone , especially grilled . 
  i do nazi what 's wrong with that . 
  - how many men does it take to defend paris ? 
  - i do n't know , nobody ever tried . 
  after the examples in iraq , egypt and libya ... assad is fine . 
  paris is dirtier than e.g. 
  the us , or japan , but it may be comparable to other european cities ( berlin and london did n't seem significantly cleaner ) . 
  issues are dog poop , littering in parks ( not * that * much , but there is some , and i do n't think tourists are particularly to blame ) , and the piss smell in some places ( some alleys , some places in the subway ... ) also , graffiti , stickers , chewing gum ... those are less annoying but contribute to the aura of dirtiness . 
  the uk . 
  * we * had a world-spanning colonial empire . 
  our language was supposed to be the world-language . 
  but those traitorous tea-drinkers not only deposed napoleon and his plans for a great unified europe , but even worse , * saved our asses during wwii * , which is very hard to forgive . 
  speak quietly , do n't litter . 
  french people are n't arrogant and unfriendly assholes , * parisians * are . 
  ( they 're the new yorkers of france ), 
  i do n't remember seeing any british-style fish & chips in france ... and i 'm not sure which tea you 're refering to , here the `` good '' tea is often marketed as english . 
  or french . 
  we do n't ? 
  like everybody else here , i never met anybody with that view . 
  i 'm sure you can find some , just like you can find people who think reptilian shapeshifters control the world . 
  hint : two linebreaks will create a paragraph break and make your text * way * more readable . 
  i 'd say that yes far-right movement are gaining support because of the migrant crisis , but i would n't put the blame ( only ) on merkel and the left . 
  i think a broader cause is the divide between the `` elites '' and the working class - the migrant crisis is just a very noticeable symptom that made a lot of people think that their `` elites '' often do n't share their values or care about them . 
  it 's not as much the migrants themselves as the `` anybody who sees a problem is a despicable racist '' attitude . 
  especially the blue and the runny kinds . 
  that description makes me hungry . 
  i think i had haggis as a kid but do n't remember ... 
  two factors : * most economists will tell you that immigration improves things for most people in the host country , and as a matter of principle i think we should listen to economists . 
  * muslims , especially uneducated/poor , seem to have trouble integrating and/or cause crime/terrorism . 
  as a result , a lot of people ( justifianly ) feel threatened and betrayed . 
  so i 'm not sure how to compromise . 
  i would like to see a more unified european approach to immigration , but also one that did n't disregard the desires of the working class . 
  on one hand , i think the popular concern that immigrants take jobs from natives is just incorrect , on the other hand if they do n't want their neighbourhood to turn into a ghetto like some places in france did , politicians should take that into account . 
  so ideally , i 'd say less people that are stastically likely to turn to welfare or petty crime , but more of the rest . 
  also less people from unstable places . 
  and a good policy for integration ( i do n't know which one exactly would work , but singapore has some good ideas like ethnic quotas for social housing that prevent ethnic clustering ), 
  jews in france ( and probably a few others , but less than a century ago ) . 
  what tense climate ? 
  i do n't feel there 's a tense climate . 
  it 's the holidays . 
  nobody gives a fuck . 
  yes , sometimes there are bad news on tv , but that 's always been the case . 
   what is the point being made ? 
  that germany ( for example ) should not accept any refugees , just like korea . 
  i think it 's more of a rhetorical point , not a serious call for korea to open it 's borders to syrian refugees . 
  the implied message is * `` nobody 's calling china , korea or japan racist for not wanting to take in the syrian refugees , so how is europeans not wanting to take them in suddenly horribly racist and worse than hitler ? 
  in france , the closest `` mainstream '' party would be the centrists and `` liberals '' , but they have n't been getting lot of votes recently . 
  i do n't think any party with `` liberal '' in it 's name has been in recent elections , but centrisy parties are liberal . 
  `` libertaire '' means left-anarchist , some have tries to use `` liberal-liberaire '' to mean something like us libertarianism , but their presence has been limited to a few articles in the news , i 'm pretty sure they never got much presence election wise . 
  i do n't think you 'll run into any real problems apart from maybe an insensitive comment from a drunk guy on the subway now and then . 
  if you 're criticizing americans , the french will warm up to you . 
  yes , daesh is * trying * to start a `` race war '' , but their current plan of having low-life thugs do cartoonishly evil things like run over kids with a truck or slit the throats of old men are n't really working for that . 
  basically , everybody , muslim or not , hates daesh . 
  bunch of wankers . 
  anyway , come over to europe , and see for yourself !, 
  french may be * slightly * more useful than german , because the german speak better english than the french ( and are less annoyed by foreigners speaking english to them ) . 
  i have : * a driver 's license , which is the only one i always carry around ( it 's the only one that fits in my wallet ) * an id card that i usually take only for administrative stuff ( and even then , often the driver 's license is enough ) * a passport , only for travelling, 
  some western europeans do n't like some eastern europeans . 
  but then some eastern europeans ( like you ? ), 
  do n't like western europeans , so we 're even i guess ? 
  france : i like the * brocantes/vide greniers * - yearly municipal garage sales where the whole town tries to sell each other their old junk . 
  the main thing i heard is that you 're all drunkards , but i 'm not seeing that in your list ... does that mean it 's true ? 
  supposedly we 're all gay . 
  maybe in france there are more people that are `` fresh off the boat '' and are looking for quick ways to make a bit of money without getting in too much trouble ? 
  maybe there 's more of a market for touristy crap in paris than in london ? 
  ( combination of more tourists + more memorable monuments ) maybe the police is more lenient in paris ? 
  maybe the sidewalks are wider ? 
  maybe the weather is better in paris ? 
  maybe for desperately poor people , finding another kind of job is easier in london than in paris ? 
  maybe you never visited the more touristy places of london at tourist season , and turns out they 're just the same ? 
  depends of where you go i guess . 
  would n't there be a place like that in , say , london ? 
  hey , we french also get the same stereotype applied to us !, 
  so do belgians !, 
  i 'd say pretty unlikely , but i would n't completely rule it out - one of the other candidates may be disqualified by a scandal , there may be yet another terrorist attack or mass rape by migrants or something . 
  also , among the three other candidates , sarkozy and hollande are very unpopular ( undeservedly in my opinion ) , and jupp\u00e9 ( who seems the most competent around ) is 71 years old , which is getting a bit old . 
  i do n't know of anybody who thinks of them as `` acts of popular resistance '' , and not as a nutcase gunman shooting people which proves once again that americans have a gun issue and are a bit crazy .
