  i do n't like this phrasing - the question is n't whether the farmer is allowed to sell his goods , it 's about whether others are forced to buy them . 
  agreed , i 'm all for incentives for reducing greenhouse gas footprints , but ( i think we all agree ) the new romanian law proposal is n't a particularly effective way to do that . 
  the carbon tax would definitely work better . 
   the market has an obvious way to solve this problem for them , namely , have the weakest small players go out of business so that their farms are bought by someone else and thus consolidated in larger , more suitable farms . 
  there are other , less brutal ways , such as a local middleman making a profit by buying from many local farmers in a way that 's convenient for them , and then reselling at supermarkets , taking care of the logistics , shelf space and paperwork issues . 
  a lot of things `` have been said many times '' , that does n't make them true . 
  i , for one , would be happy to see scotland stay in the eu without needing to jump through any hoops . 
  i 'm not a eu official , but i 'm not the only one with that view either . 
  i understand that spain ( and , to a much less extent , france ) grumbles a bit because it does n't want catalonia to follow the example so it does n't want the eu encouraging separatism , but i think the situation is different enough ( scotland is * already * pretty independent ) that it * could * work . 
  time to put hadrian 's wall back in service ? 
  ( yes , i know it 's not in the right place ) it 's hard to tell how the whole `` freedom of movement '' thing will play out , but i expect that most concerns over illegal immigration are from the channel ( eurotunnel , boats ) , i would find it surprising if migrants found a way to to scotland and then went to england from there ... 
  you forgot to include an argument or explanation or evidence . 
  that 's what treaties are supposed to clarify . 
  agreed , it 's an exaggerated simplification , that glosses over a lot of important stuff . 
  no thanks . 
  encryption is just so * easy * to do that you ca n't prevent it without also preventing a * lot * of potentially useful stuff . 
  and even then you wo n't make much of a dent in terrorists ' communication capabilities . 
   but she has argued that scotland may not have to give up its eu membership even if it stays part of the uk . 
  oh , i had n't thought of that possibility . 
  a bit weird , but could work - a bit like a reverse greenland ( greenland is out of the eu but also part of denmark who is in the eu ) . 
  no , you want to force poor little old romanian ladies to buy more expensive romanian vegetables instead of cheaper ones from abroad - by forcing the supermarkets to * sell * those vegetables for a higher cost ( from the little old lady 's point of view it 's the same thing ) . 
  this is pretty much equivalent to taking some money from the poor little old ladies ( and everybody else ) and giving it to romanian farmers , with some of it being loss in the process because of all the new paperwork and tracking and inspection that 's needed . 
  in other words , let 's take some of your money , burn part of it , and give the rest to someone else in your country who may not even need it more than you , making everybody 's life more complicated in the process - but if you phrase it the right way you can make it sound patriotic ( because that guy you 're giving the non-burnt money is from * the same country as you !, 
  * ) and people who have n't been paying attention will cheer !, 
  and boo at the mean old eu bureaucrats who are trying to prevent that out of sheer hatred of romanians . 
  yes , they definitely should . 
  provided the buyer knows the product 's quality , who is harmed by the exchange ? 
  why do you ( presumably , from your '' / s '' ) want to step in and prevent them ? 
  ( replying to a deleted comment - eh , i 'll post it anyway )  we have a pretty idiotic situation where a lot of our own locally grown food is exported or local farmers just barely scrape by while we import most of our food if that was the whole story , then supermarkets could be expected to save money by cutting out the middle man and directly buying from local farmers . 
  i do n't imagine supermarkets leaving free money on the ground ( [ as the joke goes ] ( https://financingefficiency.wordpress.com/2011/10/19/the-20-bill-on-the-sidewalk/ ) ) , so there must be more to the story . 
  one likely explanation is that romania alone does n't produce a very large diversity of food ( both in terms of `` kinds of things '' and `` in which season is it available '' ) , because it 's globally more effective to have countries each specializing in what they do best , and selling most of it abroad , rather than have each country try to produce a bit of everything for every season . 
  there could be plenty of other factors too . 
  if every country in europe did this , then everybody would be worse off , period - including `` small romanian farmers '' . 
  so of course the eu does n't want only * some * countries to do this . 
  that 's the eu doing it 's job to find agreements that make everybody better off ( `` no protectionism '' is such an agreement ) . 
  so , yay eu !, 
  that also happens without the eu , it 's just your everyday political drama . 
  * because together , we are stronger than alone ( do you want your country to get walked over by russia , china , the us ? ), 
  * because all of europe 's cultures are * interesting * - worth visiting , worth talking to , worth eating * because life is just * simpler * if we do n't have to deal with currency exchange and visas and borders when travelling or working abroad * because we share enough cultural elements and background to feel united as europeans - the roman empire , christianity , knights & castles , the enlightenment , the fact that at various points in time we all tried to invade all europe , etc. 
  what else would you want them to say ? 
  `` we have absolutely no evidence but it 's probably an islamist '' ? 
  the headline scared me for a moment , then i was so relieved to see that * this one * was n't in france !, 
  they laughed at our idea of a european army ... well now we have * orbital lasers * so we 'll see who has the last laugh !, 
  man , that sounds like a great plan , i wish it was true . 
  reminds me of the old joke  rabbi altmann and his secretary were sitting in a coffeehouse in berlin in 1935 . 
  `` herr altmann , '' said his secretary , `` i notice you 're reading der st\u00fcrmer !, 
  i ca n't understand why . 
  a nazi libel sheet !, 
  are you some kind of masochist , or , god forbid , a self-hating jew ? '', 
    `` on the contrary , frau epstein . 
  when i used to read the jewish papers , all i learned about were pogroms , riots in palestine , and assimilation in america . 
  but now that i read der st\u00fcrmer , i see so much more : that the jews control all the banks , that we dominate in the arts , and that we 're on the verge of taking over the entire world . 
  you know -- it makes me feel a whole lot better ! '', 
  you 'd have they would have learned after saddam , but noooo , sarkozy * had * to go try to prove he was a real man \u2122 too . 
  yeah , that 's a pretty good reason  and not one that has an easy way around , it does require some pretty delicate diplomacy ... 
  i 'm not arguing for or against structural reform , i 'm saying that the article is calling for outcomes everybody approves of ( more employment , less red tape ) , while criticizing reforms that are aimed at obtaining those very same outcomes . 
  it 's as if i went to some company 's ceo and said `` hey , your middle management is doing things wrong - they should be trying to * make money * and instead they 're wasting time on things like market research , product design , focus groups , recruitment and cost control , which are expensive and harmful for the company '' . 
  it * might * be true that those things are not good ideas , but i provided no arguments for that . 
  that 's how i feel about the fn . 
  is that paragraph supposed to feature explanations for unemployment and red tape ? 
  because `` structural reforms '' sounds like what you could call attempts to cut down read tape . 
  and unemployment can be reduced both by cutting social safety net ( which increases demand for jobs ) and removing regulation that protects workers ( which increases supply of jobs ) . 
  there 's a tradeoff to be found between encouraging employment and protecting workers & the disadvantaged , but this article basically pretends the tradeoff does n't exist and problems come from those evil ( imaginary ) people who believe in trickle-down economics . 
  yes , i never understood why they do n't just dump them back on the lybian coast , or wherever the boat comes from . 
  sure , it 's a bit mean , but so are most effective ways of dealing with broken laws . 
  meh , i had hoped for more analysis , it reads like a bunch of generalities most everybody agrees on . 
  for example , who disagrees that full employment would be good ? 
  that less red tape would be good ? 
  some * analysis * on why we have red tape and unemployment , but the article doesn ' offer any . 
  and the mention of trickle-down economics is a ridiculous straw man , i do n't think i heard anybody actually advocate that . 
  good luck figuring out who is or is n't part of a violent cult ( yes , i know you probably meant islam as a whole , but in my experience most muslims have a pretty healthy approach to religion ) , let alone writing the criteria down in law ... 
  ... and i 'd like to know * why * it has the lowest score . 
  i wish there were more anti-immigration but pro-europe parties ... or at least , anti- `` bad '' immigration ( poor people from war-torn or backward countries ) . 
  um , unlike the dead kid on beach , i do n't think this will make westerners very sympathetic of refugees ... 
  why ? 
  i can understand finland 's high score ( `` successfully kept russia out '' is no mean achievment ) , but what 's going on in bulgaria ? 
  i 'm all for christian proselitism aimed at refugees - it might help integration and , more importantly , pisses off the islamists . 
  i 'm [ working on it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/4v5u93/la_france_a_besoin_dun_gouvernement_pour_se/d5vpiqf ), 
  i for one do n't mind the proposal !, 
  that 's a good idea !, 
  not that it has much chance of actually being implemented ... 
  but yesterday it was france and frexit !, 
  and the day before it was italy and it 's banks !, 
  the week before it was germany !, 
  earlier this year it was greece !, 
   why did n't universal culture begin in communities that have had long-term prosperity and stability before europe did ? 
  because they got invaded by the mongols , which stopped whatever progress they were having in their tracks ? 
  figuring out why the enlightenment and the industrial revolution happened in the west is * hard * . 
  geography ? 
  columbus ? 
  access to a big continent ? 
  protected from the steppe raiders ? 
  the competition between the small polities ? 
  the philosophical tradition ? 
  common law ? 
  christian values ? 
  climate ? 
  superior genes ? 
   the west had a technological head start because of our philosophical and social traditions . 
  i do n't buy that .
