  read up on the history of vigipirate - worry over terrorism is far from being a new thing . 
  and the link to francois hollande and his policies is * very * tenuous . 
  even george w bush deserves a bigger share of the blame ... 
  for me hollande has n't been perfect but i think he did a good job on the labor laws reforms ; they are necessary and he did n't cave in to strikes and demonstration . 
  he may look and talk like a bowl of warm jello , but he does n't act like it , which is what counts in my book . 
  blaming him for the economy or for terrorist attacks is almost like blaming him for the weather . 
  i 'm all for finding excuses to nuke daesh till they glow , but in this case , the `` surly misfit '' scenario looks pretty likely ; it looks like a repeat of last year 's germanwings suicide . 
  ( there 's probably a bit of islamist influence , hard to tell ), 
  i think going vertebrate was the mistake . 
  everything 's been going downhill since then . 
  appreciated !, 
  turkey has been bearing a heavy burden with this war , much bigger than us - between the terrorist attacks , the refugees ( way more then us in europe ) , the problems with the russians ... it 's nice to have you with us !, 
  these guys : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pegida i 'd never heard about them before either . 
  for better or for worse , `` europe '' is often used to designate the european union . 
  i do n't think the choice of terminology is important as long as everybody understands what 's being said . 
   that 's why people vote far right . 
  yep , this attack made me reconsider my prediction that marine wo n't win the next election . 
  heck , even * i * would be tempted to vote for her if she was n't so anti-europe ... 
   what other kind of preventative measures do you have in mind ? 
  brainstorming ( not * all * of this is a good idea ) : * stop importing more muslims , period , but leave the ones who are already citizens alone . 
  * crack down real hard on anybody who went to fight in syria , or celebrated the attacks , etc. 
  lock them up for long . 
  * work with facebook and twitter and whatnot to have no more apology of terrorism on them * send muslim common-law criminals ( bike thieves and whatnot ) to special prisons run by catholics who then try to brainwash them ( warning : may backfire ) * have some smart people identify some messages most likely to prevent islamic radicalisation , and push those in school . 
  * offer tax incentives to mosques provided the government has more control in what is said in them . 
  * pay muslims to move to another country etc. 
  i agree . 
  i have no complaints about how the government has been managing this . 
  i 'd be in favour of a unified european response , but that does n't only depend on our government . 
  do what singapore does - have generous public housing , but with ethnic quotas that force a mix of population all over , and prevent some ethnic groups from being concentrated in a single area . 
   shut down all radical mosques . 
  he said `` workable '' . 
  issues : * a `` mosque '' is sometimes just someone 's living room , rearranged , where a few people meet every week . 
  it 's not as if they were all on some official registry . 
  * what 's your criteria for a mosque being `` radical '' , and how do you determine that ? 
  go ask the imam ? 
  send spies ? 
  * freedom of expression is often a feature of various constitutions , which limits the kind of laws you can pass . 
  trade unions are a clear example of collective negotiation getting better deals than the members would have got alone . 
  whether this only applies to mediocre or lazy workers is irrelevant , i 'm just talking about the strategic advantages of collective negotiation , regardless of who uses it . 
  surely if you 're a lazy worker , being shielded from competition is a good deal for you no ? 
  one you could n't have reached yourself ? 
  ( of course it 's possible that this `` good deal '' is at the detriment to those outside the collective negotiating team , and it 's also possible that some negotiating teams completely suck , but on average i think everybody still expects improvement ), 
  so far merkel seems to be doing the best job of taking care of the eu as a whole , yes , but she is n't officially vested with that power . 
  i 'd vote for her . 
  i 'd probably have boo 'd him too if i was there . 
  what did they expect ? 
  it 's like sending the dalai lama to give a speech at a chinese embassy . 
  it can still be an * elected * someone , an * impeachable * someone , etc. 
  the person has the approval of europe for that role , but does n't need to get the approval of every member state . 
  it 's just a question of proper institution design , to avoid predictable problems like the one in op . 
  the solution does n't even have to be an individual person , it can be a council of representatives from member countries - * provided it has a quick and effective decision process * ( e.g. 
  it relies on majority not unanimity ; the members are available to vote at short notice , etc. 
   you better be ready to fill the gap you 'll tear into the greek economy by pissing off china one of the nice thing about delegating decision power is that greece is suddenly not responsible any more , and that can paradoxically be a * good * thing for greece , because there 's no use threatening greece any more . 
  if china wants to influence european policy , it has to threaten europe . 
  and `` do my way or i hurt greece '' does n't carry nearly as much weight there . 
   a better solution would be of course to have smaller , more nimble units that can negotiate independently if that was true , labor unions would be less effective than individual negotiation !, 
  ( [ archived version of the article ] ( http://archive.is/s2vbu ) ) despite being written for an american magazine , i found this to be a very good analysis - the gap between nationalists in the broad sense , and the pro-europe elite is a major problem for the european union . 
   work is continuing today , diplomats said , adding however that there was little chance to gather unanimity . 
  three countries , greece and croatia , had reportedly broken the silence procedure , a diplomat said . 
    another diplomat commented , `` some countries do n't want to annoy china . '' this may be true for greece and hungary , but croatia has its own reasons to keep its distance from rulings on arbitral tribunals , in light of its own conflict with slovenia , over piran bay . 
  this is why we need to give somebody to speak internationally in the name of europe - a president , a minister , * somebody * who can get stuff done without needing approval from each and every state in the union . 
  giving europe that kind of negotiating power would be good for * all * member states !, 
  even greece could tell china `` sorry , but i did n't have a say in this decision '' and would be less likely to be `` punished '' ... 
  actually , * i * mostly wish europe had it 's shit together and was able to act in a unified and competent way - whether france is in the driver 's seat does n't really matter . 
  having a more unified army ( the european battalions are a good start ) would be a move in that direction , so i 'm for it , but i 'm a bit skeptical about people saying it will save us money . 
  it * might * , i do n't know nearly enough to tell . 
  eh , if the rules are stupid and inefficient , and uber is not technically breaking any law , i do n't mind . 
  how true that is probably depends of the country , but the general feeling i have is that uber 's presence basically makes life slightly better for anybody who 's not a taxi driver . 
   technological progress that sees people as citizens , not consumers . 
  eh , if `` treating people like citizens '' means `` using taxpayer money to force choices on people '' then yes , i 'll count treating them as consumers as more virtuous . 
  it certainly seems better for them * and * for taxpayers . 
  yes , to our ears `` consumer '' sounds a bit dirty , and `` citizen '' sounds noble , but that does n't mean `` seeing people as citizens not consumers '' improves things . 
  i do n't know , i kinda liked the arrangement where us taxpayers pay for our defense instead . 
  the terrorist attacks in paris seem ample justification for a french or european army attacking isis . 
  do n't start fights , but retaliate if attacked is a perfectly sensible strategy , it only gets problem with oversensitive definitions of `` attacks '' , but that does n't seem to be a problem europe has . 
  i would rather be led by people who promise to beat the crap out of anybody who attacks us , rather than by complete pacifists . 
  i wo n't complain if it carpet-bombs isis strongholds . 
  not that i expect there to still be isis-held territories by the time we get an actual european army , if that happens . 
  it would be well if you can stop mocking yourself of the english of the french , me i find that we manage ourself rather good . 
  i think i 've only heard it called macedonia ( admittedly , i never heard much said about it ) , never that weird title , even though apparently it 's the name france officially gives to it . 
  i do n't have any problem with the country keeping that name ( though i heard there are a couple greeks who have a few things to say on that ) , it 's not as if france had * that much * to do with the franks . 
  i 'm okay with diversity with a few caveats , to avoid sucky outcomes : * avoid having too many people come from the same place , as that risks creating community closed on themselves * avoid people from cultures * too * different from ours ( so , `` western '' countries in the broad sense - most of south america and the caribbean probably qualifies , but i do n't know those cultures well enough ) * avoid people from fucked up places on earth ( with recurrent war or crime , or a really really bad economy ) i 'm general , i 'm mildly in favour of some diversity , but strongly against criminals , the unemployed , and ideological/religious fanatics . 
  no objection from this frenchman . 
  if anything , we need * more * english ( which is already happening . 
  young europeans all over speak better english than the older generations ) . 
  congrats portugal !, 
  both teams played well , there was nice suspense until the last minutes , * l'honneur est sauf * ... 
  you to should get a room and anschluss . 
  germany . 
  nice efficient folks , and they 're making europe work . 
  counting france as having won ww2 is * very * generous ... germany obliterated france . 
  hey , imitation is the sincerest form of flattery ... 
  so is sealand also considering an independence referendum following brexit ? 
  you can poke fun at us french all you want , hon hon hon. 
  - how many men does it take to defend paris ? 
  - i do n't know , nobody ever tried . 
  yup . 
  they 're idiots ( or people cynically defending their privilege ) . 
  fortunately the government has a bit of backbone and passed the law anyway . 
  well the best method would be to read up enough on economics to understand a lot by oneself .
