  this is pretty difficult , but i think that anybody who wants to give an opinion on policy should do that - and that should include formal models , understanding how well they 're supported by evidence , understanding the position of different schools of economics , etc. 
  but that takes a lot of time and effort , so the second best solution is to look for people who have a very good understanding of economics , and * then * see what specific policies they advocate ( as opposed to which parties they support , which is less interesting ) . 
  ideally look for people with different outlooks . 
  after that , the * bad * solutions would be : * decide on a political position and * then * look for an economist supporting it ( spoiler : you 'll always find one ) * completely ignore economists , and vote for the guy with the catchy slogan, 
  so does everybody else !, 
  and with people who do n't understand economics , you have to worry not only about what their agenda is ( are they secretly funded by a corporation or union to get a certain result that is against your interest ? 
  ) , but * also * about whether their proposals are completely stupid and would miserably fail if implemented . 
  yep , i think people are understandably annoyed by : * the `` wrong kind of immigrants '' creating ghettos , increasing crime , hating the local culture , etc. 
  * concerns about the above being reflexively dismissed as `` xenophobia due to low education '' i personally find the second point way more annoying than the first . 
  i expect i 'm not the only one . 
  wait , i thought only the germans did that . 
   how to stay competitive vis-a-vis usa and china simplify the bureaucracy !, 
  have homogeneous laws between countries !, 
  it 's not very sexy , but it slowly makes things more efficient . 
  also listen to the economists , not the politicians . 
   while preserving long fought social rights , i would n't consider that a primary goal - a lot of those rights are important , but a lot are holding the economy back , e.g. 
  by making incompetent civil servants nearly impossible to fire , by making it too risky to hire people , by giving a state monopoly to some people ( taxi drivers ) , etc. 
   overall stability ( wealth ) listen to the economists , and do what they advise . 
   and green environment . 
  nuclear power . 
  yeah , i wish there was some kind of pro-european anti-non-european-immigration party or something , instead of having the nutcase nationalists the only ones objecting to immigration . 
  lack of trust in the `` european elites '' - politicians , intellectuals , the media , bureaucrats & business interests that seem to live in their own world , and have pretty different opinions on how things should work compared to the masses . 
  the most the elites of different european countries are integrated , the less trust they get from the people of their home country , who see them more and more as representing foreign interests . 
  some sticking points between the elites and the people : * immigration , especially from poor countries is probably the biggest one - the elites seem to consider that free movement of people is good ( it * is * good for the economy ) , and that opposing it is just racist * free trade - the elites tend to be more pro free-trade then the people ( and they 're right , free trade is good ! ), 
  i think some wariness about immigration is justified , and that the elites should pay more attention to it instead of dismissing it as racist , otherwise their support will keep eroding and we 'll have political upheavals like brexit , le pen , trump ... ( he 's outside europe , but an example of the same dynamic ), 
  i 'm pretty sure the feeling wo n't be mutual . 
  if he was some poor run of the mill governmental schmuck there would n't have been an investigation in the first place , because in any complex bureaucracy * anybody * broke a rule at some point , and you can find that kind of stuff if you dig hard enough . 
  well , you can hardly expect french nationalists and british nationalists to get along . 
  the only thing they agree on is leaving the eu so they do n't have to live with each other ( and also that muslims stink ) . 
  france is a symbol of everything brits do n't like about europe - arrogant , bureaucratic , inefficient . 
  and the front national 's symbol is jeanne d'arc , who kicked the english out and got killed by them . 
  why ? 
  hillary seems like a competent and experienced bureaucrat and diplomat . 
  ( i 'm not being sarcastic ), 
  le pen is * very * likely to be in the 2nd round . 
  the front national got the most votes at the [ latest elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014_ ( france ) ) , by a very comfortable margin . 
  hollande being even more unpopular now wo n't help . 
  i 'd say of all candidates , le pen is the most likely to be at the 2nd round . 
  for the other side , either the left gets their act together and presents one candidate they all back ( like the non-fn right does ) , or they do what they usually do , and have a dozen small parties fighting for attention and failing miserably . 
  chances are whoever wins the * r\u00e9publicains * primaries wins the election , and right now jupp\u00e9 seems better placed . 
  pro : people like him more that sarkozy or hollande or le pen . 
  con : he 's getting pretty old . 
  poor guy !, 
  i think he 's doing an okay job , and i voted for the other guy !, 
  sorry , but [ paris is clearly better than berlin for startups ] ( http://tech.eu/features/6439/european-digital-city-index/ ) . 
   it goes without saying , we are possibly one of the most pro-russian countries out there . 
  you are ? 
  i had no idea ... as for english , yes , pretty much all students have to learn some ( it now starts in primary school ) , though the english level of the general population is n't that great ( compared to e.g. 
  germany ) . 
  yep , nothing like a common enemy to bring people together !, 
  well , when your goal is to express sympathy and solidarity after a terrorist attack , `` impressive '' is n't what you want to be aiming for anyway . 
  i was thinking , the roman empire , maybe ? 
  but nope , they never got that far . 
  they produce very good * bande dessin\u00e9e * ; the flemish and the walloon really do n't get along , and there are some pretty bitter politics around brussels ( which is mostly french-speaking but in flemish territory ) ; belgium lasted a very long time without a government ; flemish and dutch are pretty much the same language , but the flemish and the dutch do n't feel very close ( i * think * the flemish are catholic and the dutch protestant but it could be the other way around ) ; the dutch are more direct ( which seems rude to the flemish ) , and the flemish care more about food . 
  and other small cultural differences i do n't remember . 
  i think the flemish are way more likely to speak french than the walloon are to speak flemish . 
  we french like to make fun of the belgians and their accent , but actually that 's the * flemish * accent . 
  belgium is a very flat land ( * le plat pays qui est le mien * , as brel sang ... ) , that has some nice forests ( the ardennes !, 
  ) , and quite a few caves . 
  the flemish are reputed for being more hard-working than the walloons . 
  in the past , the walloon part was the richest half ( more industrial , the flemish half had more agriculture i think ) , but in recent decades that has turned around and the flemish now consider that it 's the walloon that drag the country backwards . 
  nope , i 'm white ( and male ) . 
  have you tried wearing a permanent frown and looking at people like they were something unpleasant you just stepped on ? 
  if you do n't do that you may look like an obvious tourist and thus attract disproportionate attention from scammers and beggars . 
  there are * some * areas that often suck a bit more - gare du nord , les halles ( though it got better in recent years , i think they made a big effort to clean it up ) , barb\u00e8s - but even then , the last time i visited those places i do n't remember any particularly unpleasant experiences . 
  pretty much none , they 'd have no reason to . 
  that would be like hillary clinton dropping out in favour of bernie sanders * before * the primaries ( or after winning them ) . 
   yes , let 's pretend that paris and urban centers in france have n't turned into a complete shitholes where you get harrased every 5 minutes by african guys or gypsies begging for money . 
  i live here and nope , i 'm never harassed and it 's not a shithole . 
  admittedly i do n't go in the touristy places very often , but apart from the occasional street vendor selling crappy toys or the easy-to-ignore beggar , i did n't notice any harassment either . 
  sure , but in my mind , there 's a pretty big gap between :  a lot of people think x , i meet them all the time and  a lot of people think x , i can find plenty if i search on google ... in this case , someone was talking about `` complaining about the lack of sensitivity of charlie hebdo '' , and in my daily lives ( or even among reddit comments ) , i do n't hear anybody complaining about that . 
  and sure , it * is * possible to find such people if you * go out and look for them * , but let 's not pretend that they 're common ( or you 'll need some better evidenc ) . 
  it 's the mirror image of people who complain about things `` some conservative christians '' say when actually they 're just thinking of the westboro baptist church , which most conservative christians consider to be extremist nutcases . 
  is there any group or organisation or celebrity you can think of where googling their name + `` racist '' wo n't find anything ? 
  more than jupp\u00e9 , but not as much as some candidates to the primaries like poisson . 
  and it 's well-known that the chernobyl cloud stopped at the german-french border ... coincidence ? 
  i think not !, 
  if the numbers add up to it being affordable why not , but as far as i understand ( i have n't run the numbers myself ) , they do n't - it would cost * way * more than what we have now , or have really low payouts . 
  something like negative income tax sounds more doable . 
  are you sure of that ? 
  as far as i know , what you 're saying is wrong ( i.e. 
  there are some inefficiencies , but cutting them is not enough to fund ubi , unless it 's * reaaaally * low ) . 
  sure, 
  which question ? 
  on why the comment you were replying to got downvoted ? 
  a lot of people do n't like muslims and roma ( sometimes with good reasons , sometimes not ) , and think europe should be more firm . 
  on why your reply , and this post got downvoted ? 
  because most people dislike `` meta '' comments and excessive bickering over karma . 
  on why people do n't like muslims and roma ? 
  you can try starting a discussion on that but you 'll have better reception if you detach that from bickering over downvotes , or from bickering over how your last bickering over upvotes was downvoted . 
  i think that 's a bit unfair towards muslims - most of those i know do n't have particularly backward beliefs ( as far as i know most french muslims have pretty tolerant views though i ca n't find the surveys i remember right now ) . 
  there are some weird mountains there ... the one to the top left of france , and the bottom left too ( the pyrenees mountains are pretty straight , with flat plains above them ) . 
  still , it looks neat !, 
  it is true that the moon has alcohol taxes even lower than estonia . 
  well the eagle was a symbol of the roman empire , of the holy roman empire , and napoleon 's short-lived empire ... and then we get distracted for a couple seconds and those upstarts in the colonies adopt it as their symbol and now we 'd look silly if we started using it again . 
   note he said `` modern europe 's unusual liberalness and prosperity '' . 
  you 're quoting a different part of his post . 
   singapore succesfully manages diversity because it utterly rejects the left wing worldview that you likely possess ( racial egalitarianism , racial integrations , diversity quotas , grievance mongering by minorities , free speech etc etc etc ) nope , i 'm not particularly in favor of most of those , but if there 's solid evidence that they produce good , why not . 
  i just think singapore is a good example of diversity done right . 
  [ singapore ] ( https://media1.britannica.com/eb-media/54/184954-004-a2b38394.jpg ) vs. [ germany ] ( https://media1.britannica.com/eb-media/35/184235-004-a76e7134.jpg ) or [ france ] ( https://media1.britannica.com/eb-media/97/184197-004-23ec7730.jpg ) - they seem in the same ballpark ( though if you look at cities i agree that the european ones will probably look significantly more diverse ) .
