    21 and all the men of his city shall stone him with stones , that he die : so shalt thou put evil away from among you ; and all israel shall hear , and fear . 
   i mean a statement like , ` we should n't reject muslim refugees because they 're muslim ' is self-evident in all of western europe . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  i do n't see it as self-evident , and on reddit , hating on islam does n't seem restricted to east europeans & americans . 
  the ideology does n't say that . 
  the * book * ay say something like that , but few take it litterally , and you can alsp find crappy things in the bible , like stoning disrespectful children , that christoans do n't take litterally either . 
  `` secure borders , a secure future '' , right ? 
  is that the rugby variant with helmets that nobody else plays , right ? 
  i may have seen it once or twice , it seems to involve a lot of waiting . 
  i that 's the worse shit-flinging you have to deal with , it 's not so bad !, 
  anyway , keep up the good work !, 
  the newspapers may call the fence `` controversial '' , but i 'd bet a sizeable chunk of the french population is glad you 're doing that . 
  good article , thanks !, 
   in this context , it is worth looking at france . 
  there , the integration of muslims and security policy are discussed as two different discussion threads . 
  the language of security policy is used for people who speak the language of violence and islamism . 
  muslims who accept the french constitution are embraced and warmly welcomed . 
  welcome culture is not limitless . 
  well i wo n't complain when germans say france does something better than them ... 
  well , they [ both have mountains ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/europe_topography_map_en.png ) , but slovakia 's mountains are more on the middle , whereas slovenia 's are more on the top left - which is also where their respective coat of arms are , so i should remember them now . 
  those guys are just maintenance guys , nothing going on there oh my god look over there scotland is declaring it 's independence you have to do something !, 
  it 'll go fine , do n't worry !, 
  step 1 : build a large trans-european army , under french or german leadership . 
  step2 : concentrate forces in calais for better control of the migrants , clearing up the jungle , all that . 
  step 3 : nothing special , do n't worry . 
  oh , i have no trouble placing it , i just remember that it used to be part of czechoslovakia , and that the czech republic is the one stabbing germany , so slovakia has to be the one right next to it . 
  your flag , however , i always confuse with slovenia 's . 
  fixed , thanks !, 
  looks more like a tetris block to me . 
  apparently ukrainian tank decorators have [ a fondness for tetris and pixel art ] ( http://www.military-today.com/tanks/t64b1m.htm ) . 
  `` liberalism '' means different things to different people , and while i agree that the * word * `` liberalism '' has been carried over from the enlightenment , the things it stands for have moved around a bit , so you end up with various flavours of things calling themselves `` liberalism '' , that are indeed ideological descendants of enlightenment ideas : progressives , `` classical liberals '' , libertarians ... and all claiming to be those carrying the `` true '' spirit of the enlightenment . 
  and so i do n't know which specific ideas orban objects to . 
  i do n't think he 's hostile to the enlightenment project as a whole . 
  well , one selling point of the eu is `` let 's make sure france and germany never get at war again '' . 
  because that would be a huge dick move and a slap in the face of their european partners ? 
  you do n't build something like the eu by antagonizing countries who do n't agree with your ideas . 
  he just have a different opinion on what those values should be . 
  nothing he says in [ this interview ] ( http://budapesttimes.hu/2016/03/03/i-maintain-the-basic-values-of-europe/ ) shocks me , and he comes off as mostly pro-european-values . 
  he does seem to have a problem with `` liberalism '' ( not in that interview ) , but i 'm not sure what he objects to exactly . 
  yeah , i agree it 's annoying . 
  anytime * anything * changes , then somebody might lose from the change , so the state bravely steps in to prevent the change ( especially if the `` somebody '' has some political clout ) . 
  or a bunch of people take to the streets to protest the change . 
  you 're right , there are too many foreigners in paris , and since you 're obviously one , * please * do n't come over , stay in ohio or wherever . 
  i 'm behind him on this one . 
  a european army that actually gets things done would be a nice way to build unity and trust ( or so i hope ) . 
  it 's not a french law ( yet ) , it 's just in a few towns . 
  occasionally discussing it maybe . 
  having every second post being about the issue , with no new information ( a survey of how many people support the ban -  several posts . 
  sarkozy said something on burkinis ? 
  -  several posts . 
  etc. ), 
  like the last post suggested , let 's just stop talking about this non-issue . 
  this is just sarkozy making sure he 's in the headlines again . 
  he just wants the media to be talking about him all the time . 
  so far it seems to be working . 
  yes , thank you !, 
  are you ? 
  i ca n't say i heard many people criticizes you ( unlike the english ) . 
  the media does sometimes complain about how unfashionably conservative you are . 
  i for one appreciate hungary for holding the border , and poles for being the best immigrants one could wish for . 
  and i only heard good things from people who visited poland . 
  the margin of error is function of your sample size . 
  on the other hand , turbans look pretty bad-ass , so i 'm okay with them . 
  they do n't close the border to refugees who follow the proper asylum-seeking process ; they close their border to random people who turn up on a boat - as europe should do . 
  and aboriginals do n't have anything to do with it ( except that they would agree that allowing anybody to show up in your country is not that great an idea ) - the fact that someone was an asshole in the past does n't mean he has to allow anybody into his living-room . 
  i 'm not sure of what your objection actually is - my position is that `` barbarian '' is too strong a description ( one that * is * used by some right-wingers ) , but that those people are still likely to eventually cause problems . 
  you might disagree , but i do n't see what does n't make sense ... 
  agreed , i 'm more concerned about people feeling disenfranchised , about unemployment , and about crime then i am about a small increase in terrorism . 
  you do n't stay civilized by inviting the barbarians or by being * nice * to rule-breakers . 
  i do n't think barbarians * are * a good analogy for migrants , but the crappy situation of the french banlieues * does * seem at least partly due to immigration , and importing more people with similar characteristics ( poor , uneducated muslims ) seems pretty likely to cause similar problems in the future . 
  arguably already is - c.f. 
  i 'd rather europe followed [ australia 's way of handling migrants ] ( https://citoyenfn.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/immigration-australian-government-no-way-you-will-not-make-australia-home.jpg ) , but i agree with merkel on this - the migrant crisis is n't a cause of terrorism , it just makes it slightly more likely , but not enough to change migrant policy ( i 'd rather we changed , but not because of terrorism ) . 
  japan is not very diverse and yet is fun and creative ( unless your concept of `` fun '' involves drugs and riots , in which case i 'll concede diversity could make things more fun ) . 
  it might be unclear why multiculturalism is good , but it 's clear why objecting to multiculturalism is `` bad '' : it sounds like racism . 
  i think that poster is great , and europe should have the equivalent !, 
  i may ne wrong , but it seems to me that the handling of economic migrants is * the * main point of disagreement between the european elites and the common people of various countries , and if the eu successfully implemented something like this it would do a lot towards rebuilding trust in european institutions . 
  in other words , i 'm all for it . 
  not because the migrants themselves are bad for europe ( that 's debatable ) , but because disagreement over the migrants is bad for europe . 
  take them back to where exactly ? 
  dumping people in a country without that country 's permission is * very * offensive , diplomatically ... 
  as others said , in france restaurants * must * give free water with the meal if asked , but often do n't want to . 
  often when you ask for water , they will offer evian or another mineral water , you have to say no , you want * une carafe * ( you should ask for that in the first place ) . 
  also , annoyingly often they will `` forget '' to bring the carafe , you may have to ask several times . 
  if they outright refuse to bring a carafe , you can act the way you would if you found a condom in your soup - raise a scandal , storm out without paying , etc. 
  but i ca n't recall either of those ever happening in france . 
  i 'm not seeing any '' % of gdp '' here ... 
  nope . 
  armies do n't rely on soldiers ' loyalty to their country - when you 're under fire , that does n't weight very much , foreigner or not . 
  instead , they rely on a soldier 's loyalty to his * teammates * , which works fine in this case . 
  ... and , therefore , you should take that decision for them ? 
  plenty of people have good reasons for buying cheap stuff , even low-quality stuff . 
  i know i do . 
  i 'm all for making sure that the buyer has good * information * about products - either with hard-to-get certificates on quality or origin or environment-friendliness etc. , or with reliable product reviews , or with compulsory clear labelling . 
  but none of this requires banning the sale of low-quality products - the problems arise not when the products are low-quality , but rather when buyers ca n't tell the difference . 
  ( yes , of course , there are cases of actively harmful products whose sale * should * be prevented - cars that catch fire and explore when bumped , overdue meat , etc. 
  - but even this can be seen as a problem of information , in the sense that nobody in his right mind would buy that anyway . 
  and even for those cases a good argument can be made for still allowing their sale - see cigarettes ), 
  there * is * a bit of a tradeoff between `` making sure the whole economy works well with a lot of available jobs and a good living standard '' and resilience , and i can see the logic in creating incentives to increase resilience , but not at * too * big a cost to the economy in general . 
  for me resilience is `` nice to have '' , a zombie apocalypse is n't * that * likely ( biodiversity is a bit more important , but this proposal does n't help biodiversity much ) . 
   just because our economies are connected for some services does n't mean the small farmer in romania can not sell his goods locally .
