  never read the sequel , do you know if its as good ? 
  also yury buida 's the zero train was very interesting . 
  if she got the budgie in by her vagina successfully then she wasnt caught in the act . 
  she could be lying . 
  its an understandable thing to boast about . 
  either way i 'm surprised we did n't see a reconstruction of the crime on an episode of crime-call . 
  maybe he just got quiet because some weird guy kept smiling at him in the queue . 
  we saved your livers . 
  you may need to lend us those livers later . 
  you missed a word , 
  maybe the other nato countries should have invaded turkey . 
  which would have made them aggressors against a nato country meaning they 'd all have to invade themselves which wouldnt be hard because they have troops and bases at strategic locations throughout their own countries . 
  this was 3 days ago . 
  hardly reddit censorship http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/331z7e/considering_what_ive_read_here_its_an_unpopular/, 
  potato, 
  what we need are giant tea cosy 's for old houses . 
  you are wasting precious bodily fluids there . 
  if that attempt to compensate for the biological inequality denies a child the financial support he/she is due from their rightful parents then it is unjust . 
  women have two times to chose , men only have one , it does n't mean a man has no choice . 
  maybe there is an injustice in that too but it is biological . 
  the man had one time to choose , took a risk and now there is a life that deserves support . 
  yes but that other person did n't make his decision to have sex . 
  he made that himself . 
  what is your point ? 
  the decision to have sex was someone else 's ? 
  what nonsense . 
  you do n't have breasts like a woman either . 
  there is a reality of being man and woman that means the foetus is carried in a woman . 
  it is a part of her body so she gets a later choice to abort . 
  if you want equality in that then you need to talk to a genetic engineer . 
  no of course not . 
  that is silly . 
  your suggestion being that there are poor people in the world so lets change the law to make more children poor . 
  i believe the state and society has a duty to alleviate poverty , a societal responsibility but i also believe in personal individual responsibility . 
  those two things coexist . 
  a father takes upon himself a responsibility to the child when he ejaculates inside a woman . 
  this is how babies are made and the decision was his . 
  perhaps his wealth will mean he can provide that child with more opportunities than a poor couple might be able to provide but maybe this is because he is in a position to fulfill his personal responsibility whereas all of us are failing our societal responsibility . 
   if absentee fatherhood is the only possible outcome if you continue with having a child , then it 's probably the best not to have a child at all . 
  so an abortion is required when the father decides he does n't want the baby . 
  and if the mother does n't want an abortion will she be detained ? 
  if she tries to leave the country or goes into hiding will she receive a prison sentence . 
  if she manages to have the baby , does she end up in jail and the baby in an orphanage ? 
   no , there will be no children in that situation , unless women intentionally choose to put them in that situation . 
  in that case they 're a bad , selfish parent anyway and no amount of child support will rectify that . 
  what a ridiculous statement to make . 
  there are billions of examples where single mothers raises their kids well . 
  far better than many two parent wealthy families manage . 
  the difference is about the opportunities denied to the child by the unwillingness of the father to face up to the responsibility he placed upon himself when he ejaculated into a woman . 
   then why do you allow abortion for women ? 
  because nature has dictated that the foetus grows inside women . 
  if men brought children to term then we would have the right to abort and they would n't . 
  so yes is the answer to the question regarding collateral damage then ? 
  those children born to mothers without the fathers consent , innocent of any wrongdoing , will suffer as a consequence . 
  punishing all the children in such situations for the instances in which women are trying snag their man for life is ridiculous . 
  the children should suffer in neither situation . 
  an absent father plus financial support is better for the child than an absent father without financial support . 
  you plan to punish children in order to deter women from having children without the consent of the fathers . 
  collateral damage is it ? 
  it is the mother and father 's responsibility to pay because they had the sex . 
  society did n't have the sex . 
  you do n't have to be a good father just provide financially for the child 's needs . 
  yeh i mean this post isnt even about migrants , wtf ? 
  no this is ireland , http://imgur.com/vjpxjfh, 
  and to have done it with a zither of all things . 
  ya i know . 
  well then i cant believe nobody has mentioned the 1988 telecom eireann phone book , that was a classic . 
  that twist ending . 
  no it was johnny two toes and it worked . 
  god wrote the bible , duh . 
  godot is great but tis a play so i guess i wouldnt count it as a book . 
  though i suppose it is printed in book form . 
  but isnt this akin to saying ` johnny two toes ' crossed the atlantic in a submarine . 
  but this was 100 years before submarines were invented !, 
  it has to be to fit inside the ship :d, 
  ` secession : the action of withdrawing formally from membership of a federation or body , especially a political state . ', 
  sounds pretty accurate to me . 
  i guess he is suggesting that another country is also a super power , ca n't quite understand which one though . 
  what did he say ? 
  he has deleted his comment . 
  who ? 
  shhhh . 
  just ignore him and he 'll go away . 
  ireland - 18000 , spain - 13000 , greece - 17000 , yet its spain and ireland in the title . 
  i think it will be on tuesday but i 'm not sure because i just made that up . 
  france should take this as a compliment it shows how many people have heard their silly natter , how influential they have been . 
  i doubt people even know what an andorran sounds like . 
  pffft the netherlands . 
  a good host forgoes his own meal if his guests are hungrier . 
  people who end their life because of money will always get sympathy from me . 
  even if it happened to be 100 % their fault . 
  they are still people . 
  so it 's their fault let them die ? 
  are the only two options reinstate the quotas or let them die ? 
  and you think that if you simply tell someone who is suicidal , ` adapt ' that that person will be cured of those desires . 
  perhaps we should suggest this solution to psychiatrists . 
  maybe we could put out advertisements with a voice saying ` adapt ' several hundred times and hey presto all practical problems are solved by a word . 
  plenty of people were up in arms about the financial crisis . 
  governments in almost every country were voted out . 
  many of those who came in instituted programs to retrain the population and get those in professions less needed back to university .
