beh . 
  mine is one better than yours , but it was a close race . 
  promised to be cold . 
  i hope you do n't have any 10 foot crucifix lawn ornaments that you do n't want burned . 
  of course it is n't . 
  do you understand the meaning of requirement ? 
  a necessary condition for the following status to exist . 
  i have provided examples of where countries have not been homogeneous and are stable but you ignore them so that your neat theory can hold up . 
  the differences between us can cause conflict . 
  differences such as race , creed , resources , history but to only pick out the times they cause conflict obscures the majority of times where stability is the norm . 
  pakistan was created to have an independent state for the muslims of india however india contains 172 million muslims , just ten million fewer muslims than pakistan . 
  it also has 24 million christians , 7 million buddhists , 70,000 zoroastrians . 
  unhomogeneous and stable . 
  imperfect certainly , but a stable country . 
  what about canada , two languages , two cultures very stable country . 
  north korea is the second most homogeneous country on earth but is one of the worst place on earth to live . 
  brazil : 2.5 to 3 million people of japanese descent , 14 million afro-brazillians , 82.3 million pardos , 91 million white people all in a stable country . 
  haiti one of the world 's most racially homogeneous nations and considered by many a failed state . 
  homogeneity is not the determinate factor of a stable country . 
  ha i was trying to make a joke there but it required knowing what a snooze button does in english . 
  what is snus ? 
  you inhale the tobacco up your nose ? 
  aww what ?!, 
  i love to snus , when you 're tired and you dont wan na go to work , hit the snus and you can continue living the dream for a few more minutes . 
  but i like you . 
  that 's not true !, 
  that 's impossible !, 
  i never said it was . 
  oh wait nothing . 
  ive given four examples of where your theory of a consistent drive to homogeneousness is nonsense and you give one example in return and think it refutes all the others ? 
  your theory does n't hold up . 
  homogeneity is not a requirement for a stable country . 
  so are we still waiting for the french to have a war to kick the spanish out after the spanish civil war ? 
  or the irish out of australia , argentina , usa ? 
  or the vietnamese in france , germany , australia ? 
  or how about the swiss ? 
  how long has that country been stable and inhomogeneous ? 
  you thinking of buying some vw stock then ? 
  how about the austro-hungarian empire ? 
  but denmark !, 
  you were the chosen one !, 
  you were to bring balance to the force , not leave it in darkness . 
  gallup poll from 2007-2009 put the number at 210 million people around the world who wish to move to the european union . 
  i doubt that number has gotten smaller . 
  your assertion that there is absolutely no way to prevent it is based on what ? 
  if you believe that man can have any effect on climate which you have admitted then there is no reason to believe we cant alter a warming trend even if it is n't mostly man made . 
  though i do n't see why you 're choosing to believe we are just a catalyst . 
  climate has changed before prior to human intervention but that does not prove that this is one of those times . 
  i do n't see any actual reason why its your personal view other than it is . 
  with regards to no adaptation investment . 
  i agree more should be done but not at the expense of emission reduction . 
  there is no reason to imagine we can only do some of one and some of the other . 
  they both need to be done and we can afford both . 
  whether you believe the change is mostly man made or only slightly man made the situation will only get worse if people keeping ` sitting on the fence ' . 
  but if you have admitted co2 does contribute then cutting emissions would be one of the ways to ` prepare ' for climate change to slow future effects , to reduce the need for migration and destruction of current arable land . 
  as oil and gas will run out in the coming years how much of the coal left in the ground do we have to burn until that small effect , as you see it , becomes a big effect in your eyes ? 
  i would suggest there is no fence in this debate . 
  people who are reticent to act waiting for 100 % confirmation of exactly whats coming around the corner are firmly in the inaction camp where the majority of the risk lies . 
   i 'm strongly in favour of renewable energy , just because of its longer life and investment in such energy has potential uses in future technology , such as space travel where a consumable resource is impractical . 
  i do n't think you have responded fairly to his point here . 
  doing nothing has a much larger downside than doing something whether its true or not so why are you still on the fence ? 
   there is also no doubt pumping co2 contributes to it . 
  so why not get firmly behind co2 reduction ? 
   oil and utilities company can only do very little when the structure of the demand does not evolve . 
  however when they actively try to prop up their demand and obscure the realities of the science from people who could alter their demand they are much more culpable than just the most visible segments . 
  oh yes all changes are the same and equally surmountable . 
  to praise artemis !, 
  like a jug of water with too little lemon barley cordial . 
  you do n't fool me jfk !, 
  yeh '' we distract u with our poor grammar ,, 
  i do n't think we should do it as the eu , i think we should pretend we 're the cayman islands to avoid all the tax !, 
  -- ` hello , i 'm from the cayman islands ' see ? 
  i got the accent down already . 
  according to xe currancy calculator that is equal to $ 493,757,989,850 . 
  though im not sure your beaurea de change will agree to the transaction . 
  ok will do . 
  edit : i found a pair of old woman 's knickers . 
  was that what you were after ? 
  do you want me to check under the bed ? 
  let me just go check down the side of the couch . 
  edit : i only found 1 million yen and some fluff . 
  is that any use ? 
  i have no problem with that . 
  a pan europe shipping company ? 
  monopolies have no incentive for efficiency or price reduction . 
  thats kind of odd dont you think . 
  if it didnt mean what it means , suicide sounds like it could be the name of a water slide . 
  doesnt feel its a cold word in and of its self . 
  its got a good vibe alright . 
  getting mighty expensive though . 
  blimey is a shit hole . 
  well they also have the welsh and northern ireland . 
  from my experience unionists in the north consider themselves irish and british , that those two things can and are congruent for them . 
  germany , italy and spain could all be said to be imagined nations , constructed through chance , will and conflict . 
  ironically ` well written ' would be better english than ` good written ' . 
  but i 'm sure your english is miles better than my belorussian so respect to you , 
  all the culture that 's mentioned elsewhere in this post . 
  i thought the second was called ` the don flows home to the sea ' . 
  sholokovs ` and quiet flows the don ' was excellent . 
  such a great yarn .
