  often they are used to feel smugly superior for one group while antagonizing the other . 
  i agree . 
  i probably was unclear in my other comment . 
  i did n't mean to imply the interest in military is growing - actually i intended to say the opposite . 
  as you say the public cares less than ever about bundeswehr topics - and i 've got the feeling it 's gotten worse since conscription has been suspended . 
  even though it was a joke in the end , at least some parts of the public were still engaged in the topic to a degree . 
  while interest in the military was n't great or even positive in the 90 's , there was at least some discussion in the public . 
  nowadays i 'm not even sure most people know or care that bundeswehr tanks are now in lithuania for example . 
  but is n't this a change in attitude ? 
  as you say , in the 90 's people still got worked up . 
  nowadays it 's mostly ~ whatever ~ . 
  people are getting used to deployments . 
  i 'm not saying that they agree - only that the `` friendly disinterest '' now expands to your standard peacekeeping mission . 
  which is why despite of this public perception germany maintains a military . 
  it just has n't really been a priority or in the mind of the public very much . 
  ~ ~ also - the attitude is ever so slowly changing . ~ ~ * this is really the problem now - i feel the public attitude is slowly changing from mild indifference to complete disinterest , even though the assignments get more demanding * about 20 years ago , a rescue operation of foreign citizens in albania was a major event for the german armed forces and the public , since it was the first time in 52 years that german soldiers opened fire in anger . 
  people in the 90 's would have pronounced you crazy if you told them that the bundeswehr is operating in afghanistan , mali or lithuania . 
  * nowadays people do n't really seem to care all that much . 
  foreign deployments have almost become everyday business . 
  * edited for clarity . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  i think there are three factors that play into this perception of `` fighting for your country '' in germany 1 . 
  ( 1950s - today ) never again !, 
  ( 1970s - 1990s ) what 's the point ? 
  ( 1990s - 2000s ) where 's the enemy ? 
  the first comes from the understanding of germany 's responsibility for two world wars , the second is an expression of the futility of taking up arms while living on the potentially hottest nuclear battlefield of all and the third represents the idea that there is basically no chance of another country attacking germany nowadays . 
  well , during the cold war a military confrontation on german territory would most likely have involved nuclear weapons ... from both sides . 
  i can understand that under these circumstances people thought it 's rather pointless to participate with a conventional army . 
  schulz 's spd is n't socialist though . 
  they are social democrats . 
  the socialists in germany are `` die linke '', 
  i think there was a recent case of the german broadcaster zdf calling auschwitz a `` polish camp '' in a documentary . 
  what they most definitely meant to say was that it 's geographically located in poland . 
  i tend to believe them when they say it was just a case of careless wording though . 
  the idea that poland was responsible for those camps is quite frankly ridicoulous for germans . 
  the general impression here is that whenever people talk about the ww2 concentration camps it 's inherently implied that nazi-germany is responsible . 
  still it should be made clear when talking about the topic . 
  i do n't think that was / u/mrlemonofbanana 's intention . 
  `` german nazi camp '' sounds like it 's a german camp of/for nazis . 
  so - nazi-german death camp ? 
  wo n't invade poland either . 
  not a village , but an open-air recreation of a roman fort : http://www.saalburgmuseum.de/ [ wikipedia  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saalburg )  the saalburg is a roman fort located on the taunus ridge northwest of bad homburg , hesse , germany . 
  it is a cohort fort belonging to the limes germanicus , the roman linear border fortification of the german provinces . 
  the saalburg , located just off the main road roughly halfway between bad homburg and wehrheim is the most completely reconstructed roman fort in germany . 
  since 2005 , as part of the upper german limes , it forms part of a unesco world heritage site . 
  as a german i can tell you that skoda has quite a good reputation here . 
  no shame in owning one . 
  the first `` octavia '' really made a good first impression . 
  i 'd even say that it 's regarded a bit better than vw because skoda offers ( almost ) the same package at a more affordable price , which is nice for families . 
  vw 's used to be the `` peoples car '' nowadays they apparently aspire to be another `` premium '' manufacturer . 
  i 'd say skoda is seen in the same league as vw , opel , peugeot , toyota etc. . more `` prestigious '' than hyundais , kias or dacias . 
  definitely not in the lada category . 
  first you need to know that you are only allowed to overtake on the left on the autobahn . 
  so on the leftmost lane cars move the fastest . 
  the idea is that audi , bmw and mercedes usually come flying down the leftmost lane while still continously indicating left to communicate to everyone else who might have the audacity to use the `` fast lane '' to get out of the way . 
  flashing headlights emphasize this . 
  mercedes sprinter also like to do this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tguuueaesci, 
  just so you know - the stereotype about those brands in germany is that on the autobahn the left blinker is always on . 
  also headlights flashing . 
  well , the chrysler/jeep/dodge part of the company . 
  does fiat sell actual fiats in the us ? 
  http://www.cbsnews.com/news/fiat-chrysler-emissions-scandal-shares-slump/  according to the u.s. environmental protection agency , fiat chrysler installed software on about 104,000 diesel-powered jeep grand cherokees and dodge ram 1500 trucks between 2014 and 2016 that enabled the vehicles to emit 10 times the amount of nitrogen oxides ( nox ) that allowed under federal limits without detection . 
  nox is a key ingredient in smog , which causes breathing problems . 
  this is my interpretation : she probably also takes it away because the guy handing her the flag ( was it gr\u00f6he ? 
  dont remember ) was making a bit of an ass of himself in general - might have been a bit drunk with `` excitement '' . 
  i think theres a video where he - along with the rest of the campaigners is singing some campaign song full force just beforehand - a bit like at a drunk party . 
  dont think merkel is a person that is comfortable with such a display . 
  also sewing supplies . 
  but this was already in the 80s and 90s . 
  how does this happen all over the world without people having internet to tell each other ? 
  was there some intuitive global consensus that this blue tin box is ideal for that one purpose ? 
  and even if it would be justified - letting the father take pictures and disturb the operation like that is highly unprofessional imho, 
  interesting . 
  the portuguese version is just like the german one . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbh2k0cwwqu after seeing this english intro i thought that every country had done it 's own thing like with `` captain future '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvlontw85y4, 
  yep . 
  while the shows themselves sometimes do not hold up to modern scrutiny , the music themes often do . 
  the knight rider theme is dope . 
  also - battlestar galactica i like the original better than the new one ( is there one ) . 
  it would n't fit the mood of the ( arguably better ) new show , but that music is iconic . 
  via satellite : - satellite : astra1 - orbital position : 19.2 \u00b0 e - transponder frequency/polarisation : 11494/horizontal - provider name : arte deutsch - system : dvb-s2 - serviceid : 10302 - videoid : 5111 - audioid : 5112 ( mp2 stereo - german ) , 5113 ( french mp2 stereo - french ) , 5116 ( dolbyac3 - german ) you can also get the german audio via the media archive online if you change the site language to german . 
  i do agree with you . 
  however , it 's probably not the people that are really affected who are throwing words like `` appropriation '' around for every little shit . 
  those kind of people are usually outraged on behalf of others . 
  they can and should be safely ignored . 
  from the limited research i 've done on the topic , the criticism from actual native americans towards the `` indianer clubs '' that claim to be authentic is almost always along the lines of `` well , this thing they are doing is wrong because of < good reason  '' or `` they should n't do this , because they 'd need to be < qualification  to conduct this act properly '' . 
  i 'd say those are valid and constructive criticisms . 
  i may be wrong , but i got the impression that a lot of native americans would be happy to share their actual culture with interested people if only they 'd listen . 
  the other thing is the casual use of culture . 
  that would be your example of kids playing cowboys and indians . 
  i completely agree with you here . 
  in these cases it 's mostly pretty clear that the intentions are innocent . 
  i just assume that some native americans are fed up with cosplaying `` indianer '' like us europeans are annoyed with americans that explain to us what it means to be german ( or danish ) because their great-grandmother came from here . 
  ( danish culture should be pillaging , drinking mead and ravaging the captured virgins btw . 
  it 's a shame they let themselves get overrun by those refugees nowadays . 
  as some already commented , this german fascination goes back to the 19th century adventure stories by karl may who wrote about the `` wild west '' as it 's known here . 
  his most famous character is `` winnetou '' , an apache chieftain whose best friend is a german trapper `` old shatterhand '' . 
  i think it 's important to know that it 's pure fantasy since he never set foot in the us until later in his life . 
  all of his writing is based on anecdotes and all kinds of information he could find about it . 
  so you can imagine that the stories do n't really show an accurate picture of the real historical circumstances .
