they are n't europeans if they fight for isis obviously . 
  they are muslims living in europe . 
  it 's in switzerland since 75 years . 
  you 're right , but other important reason is that korwin is promoted mainly in the internet . 
  on `` polish reddit '' ( more digg , but whatever ) he is half-god like sanders is currently on reddit and wins every internet poll . 
  older people who take their information mainly from tv know him as `` that crazy guy '' , because that 's how tv is portraying him . 
  but thanks to zlew not reaching 8 % and korwin 5 % they obtained majority without need of coalitions which sld and po needed . 
  could it be new fascist-nazi polish government is responsible for this ? 
  i bet it is !, 
  do n't you know it 's not democracy anymore if they do n't win ? 
  so out of curiosity , dick smoke . 
  what party would you need to feel represented in the elections ? 
  it 's your enviroment who voted for `` modern '' . 
  in countrywide scale people in 18-29 age group voted : 25,8 % - pis 19,9 % - kukiz 16,8 % - korwin ( he did n't get into the parliament because older groups did n't vote for him ) previous governing party po was 4th in this age group with only 14,6 % and your modern had 8,5 % . 
  so if anyone is wondering young people in poland are very right wing oriented . 
  liberian pls . 
  is n't it always like that ? 
  eu talks about solidarity against russia , we get the sanctions and west is building nord stream 2 with them . 
  it 's just when it comes to murdering people in the name of god one religion is leading in it and it 's stupid to put every other with them in one bag . 
  yeah those catholics who murder thousands of people in terrorist attacks . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  sure , he was bored , riiiiight . 
  why do n't you make caricatures of mohammed ? 
  are you afraid ? 
  yeah ok , let 's just make fun of catholics . 
  we are the baddies on this sub since few months . 
  pathetic . 
  no , real silk road . 
  why would china think that poland hates them ? 
  i mean our president recently visited them and that new silk road thing we are working together do n't seem like we do n't like them . 
  nice tradition you got there france . 
  can someone tell me when these burnings started ? 
  is it most common in muslim dominated areas ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  is n't it accurate term for urban - propagandist for communist government of poland ? 
  the court decided that man who compared his propaganda to goebbels propaganda had right to do it . 
  krypol - average 6500 copies nie - probably not much more , could n't find data . 
  communist goebelss is probably more leftist than gw , but he 's not important i do n't know maybe i should look for some antifa leaflets in squats and rate them if they 're more leftist ? 
  anyway i probably phrased it bad . 
  i meant it 's the biggest leftist newspaper in poland . 
   riots in poland , causing another election . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  who 's gon na riot ? 
  antifa ? 
  i 'm pretty sure nationalists themselves will mobilize and stop any riot attempts from leftists . 
  marian kowalski - nationalist candidate for president even said that such attempts will cause reaction from nationalists . 
  basically it 's the most leftist newspaper in poland . 
  yeah comparing hundred years old british democracy to 25 years old polish democracy is accurate . 
  in poland taking control of state media is normal thing to do by every government . 
  oh no he does n't attack new government like we all do !, 
  he must be kaczynski worshipper !, 
  quick liberal force assemble !, 
  did i write something about constitutional tribunal ? 
  i 'm just tired of foreign media crying about every action our government takes even if it 's nothing special . 
  maybe because the public television was forcing political agenda on behalf of previous government . 
  geez i wonder why current government want to change people in charge . 
  oh my god the government is taking public television !, 
  what are we going to do ? 
  every previous government did the same , but did western media cry then ? 
  did reddit cry then ? 
  i do n't remmember . 
  they should leave people of the previous government in leading positions ? 
  it 's funny how you assume it 's about muslim immigrants . 
  i think estonians are more worried about russians . 
  well you know , drones , bombs , sinking boats . 
  turks are nothing more than hypocrites . 
  they violate greek airspace daily , but when russian bomber was in their airspace for couple of seconds then immediately shoot him down . 
  i think that 's what every country should do with turkish intruders from now on . 
  i 'm sure russia will lend greece some good anti aircraft missiles . 
  did n't they burn them all already ? 
  well i mean you do n't know your own language , so what 's the difference ? 
  let me guess , this army will be equipped mainly with german arms and chief commander will be also german . 
  maybe because turkey has 77 millions of inhabitatans and would become the biggest country in eu ? 
  they also have big minority in germany and other countries so they would likely become on of the leading forces of eu . 
  yes it 's state founded by uck terrorists with usa and eu support . 
  adding to that it 's pretty big hub of smuggling illegal weapons , narcotics and other unwanted things to europe . 
  muslim countries do n't fit the european union . 
  yeah if they did nothing it would be stuffed with po judges who would block and question everything pis do . 
  czechoslovakia 1968 here we come ? 
  but you bombed chinese embassy anyway . 
  i do n't know it 's personal opinion . 
  some would say communist , some would say nazis . 
  it depends from which your family or people you know suffered more . 
  most of elderly people who lived during wwii in poland will tell you that nazis in fact were bad , but when red army came it was like a horde , they left nothing and destroyed everything . 
  some in my family would even say ukrainians were the worst in the wwii since i had some family in the eastern galicia . 
  the thing is that nazis were here during wwii and most of the people know of their doings from history books and elderly people . 
  communists came in 1944 and stayed to the 1989 so large portion of polish society lived during their reign . 
  with our new government there 's hope they will not bend under pressure from eu . 
  they are mostly nationalists , but not nazis . 
  there may be some , but it 's small fraction and majority hates nazism and communism the same . 
  and if they do n't then i 'm against immigrant ghettos . 
  no difference if it 's polish , arab , turkish or any other . 
  you talk with people who happen to sometimes have different opinions than yours . 
  you do n't like that ? 
  what nazis ? 
  you really should n't believe every piece of propaganda . 
  your country however does n't have history of being russified and germanized . 
  anyway i have no problem with people who want to live , work and assimiliate with polish culture . 
  is it bad that i want poland to stay polish ? 
  well , let 's hope it wo n't change in near future .
