  give them sudetenland and rename to protectorate while you 're at it . 
  tw bolek as authority , nice . 
  i just say that her husband was mofa of previous polish government . 
  out of curiosity did she write some negetive articles about poland during po reign ? 
  she does foreign affairs for them . 
  what 's this article about ? 
  yeah ? 
   by editorial board i 'll just mention that anne applebaum - wife of rados\u0142aw sikorski ( previous mofa of po government ) works there . 
   it is their absence which gave pis majority why do you assume that every non-voter would not vote for pis ? 
  i did n't say they are supporting them , but they 're not marching on streets against them . 
  if we take people who are not voting into comparisions then it seems like none of polish governments had support of majority . 
  let 's focus on people who have voted . 
  if someone ca n't offer 30 minutes of his time and vote then that person is irrelevant in every political discussion . 
  hey , sorry for putting you in one bag with them . 
  i wish sweden the best , swedish democrats are still rising as far i seen , so maybe not everything is lost yet . 
  you edited your post and now you 're acting like a smartass . 
  anyway why do you assume if these people voted then they would n't vote for pis ? 
  adding to that combined 14 % voted for kukiz and korwin and these people do n't seem to be so much against pis . 
  37,58 % of people voted for pis in recent elections . 
  something is wrong with your mathematics . 
  edit : people who did n't vote do n't care , so why should we care about them in these comparisions ? 
  yeah and pis got 2 million more votes , so what do you want to prove ? 
  it 's stereotype for which you have to thank gypsies . 
  some stupid people use rom ( gypsie ) and rumun ( romanian ) interchangeably as it was the same thing . 
  i do n't think average pole has something against romania , it 's just average pole does n't know much about romania and their knowledge of romania and romanian people is based on gypsies which often had romanian citizenship . 
  so they can cry even more about `` stupid majority '' who does n't vote like them . 
  very high ? 
  ~ 54 % in 2007 ( pis got 2 million more votes ) and ~ 51 % in 2015 . 
  yeah , why is that ? 
  probably bad analogy , but it 's common that people are allowed shittalk poles how much they can ( for example uk ) , but when you speak a word against muslims , blacks etc. 
  then you 're attacked with huge force . 
  it 's not about `` when poland was great '' , but to `` make poland great again '' ^ trumpowski, 
  the difference is that poles in lithuania are not immigrants . 
  maybe they were 500 years ago . 
  lithuanian government does everything to make lives of poles in lithuania miserable . 
  that is gerrymandering electoral districts where poles live , shutting down polish schools , not even permitting to use polish names for people or towns . 
  compare this to how we treat our lithuanian minority . 
  and poland want to build our well being because we do what poland think is right . 
  do n't let reddit fool you , it 's mainly liberal userbase , poles here are no exception . 
  people here are mainly voters of po , nowoczesna , zlew or razem , but the truth is pis won elections , they have majority and that 's where support of poles is . 
  then forbid middle easterns to use their language , names and you 'll see if it 's oppresion . 
  sweden did n't build their well being on what they 're doing now . 
  they 're just cutting profits . 
  the final argument !, 
  ** it 's 2015 **, 
  how dare they !, 
  you 're afraid that poland will finally take a stance on oppresing our citizens in lithuania ? 
  the point is that german media did n't inform of previous government abuse , because they had them in pocket . 
  now current government does n't care what germans want , so they are attacked by them everyday . 
  i think it 's fair to mention that majority of polish media is also in german hands . 
  hearing this from swede , i 'm sure we are now going in good direction . 
  oh boy , how many of these `` poland is bad racist country , get rid of your government '' articles they ordered ? 
  it 's not that bad , better than typical commieblocks for sure . 
  what do you think about nowa huta ? 
  that 's some nasty fetish . 
  do you want a referendum on that ? 
  good , we finally have government with majority with no need of coalitions . 
  yeah what do we know , we backwards hillbilly eastern europeans . 
  you need approval of westerners , then you 'll be proud . 
  oh wow , gay rights and 2nd comment is already holocaust . 
  and you 're lithuanian , so ? 
  truly democratic way of thinking . 
  [ yeah , well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwdd6_zxx8c ), 
  i just comment what i see . 
  guy states his opinion and your comment is filled with hate . 
  people do n't like hate speech around here . 
  because he does n't share your opinion ? 
  man i thought you promote tolerance . 
  good job slovenia . 
  if there 's germany and russia , then there must be poland in between . 
  i think the title of `` country of the year '' should mean country most discussed on this sub or something in this tone . 
  and what 's wrong with that ? 
   britain did n't ask permission from syria 's government what if russian jets would start to shot down intruders from raf ? 
  what makes them think that they can meddle into syria without asking anyone ? 
  you 're probably right , but you ca n't always expect russia to act logical . 
  proxy war armenia vs azerbaijan incoming ? 
  let 's just wait for real winter to come . 
  they will probably think it 's an apocalypse . 
  there was a scene of execution in vikings based on this i believe . 
  you 're a funny guy , i 'll just let you live in your own world . 
  i see there 's no point to even talk with you as you ca n't have normal conversation and start to bring up some bullshit . 
  yeah it does n't , but did economist or any other western media cried when po did similiar attampt at ct ? 
  it just speaks out loud hypocrisy `` our guys can do this , but these guys ca n't , stop them !, 
  i do n't know , why you ask me about that ? 
  i can only assume they are not internationally connected in so many ways as liberals/leftists . 
  they just stated a fact that these correspondents are mainly connected to wyborcza and krypol which may have something to do with poland having bad press in foreign media recently . 
  funny that if i do n't like wyborcza or krypol you assume i like fronda or something like that . 
  there 's only black and white for you . 
  anyway i did n't write `` at least half '' of them are being written by polish people , it was the other guy  here are listed some of the `` foreign looks on poland '' http://www.zelaznalogika.net/dlaczego-polska-znow-ma-zla-prase-na-zachodzie/, 
  i 'm not saying that pis is doing everything right , but we ca n't ignore that it was po which started meddling with ct and created this situation . 
  just check some of these articles often quoted by tvn , wyborcza or similiar media to be `` foreign look on poland '' while they are in fact written by polish people connected to wyborcza or krytyka polityczna . 
  by not only po you mean nowoczesna which is considered by many to be their escape boat when it finally collapses . 
  wow got ta love the panic media are creating while they just ignored or covered previous government exploits and straight up thievery . 
  fyi it was the previous government who acted against consitution and just shoved 2 of their judges into ct right before elections which they knew they will loose . 
  how could serbia attack kosovo if it was part of their country ? 
  arguably first 3 you listed were wars in defence of yugoslavia integrity . 
  they have strong ties with russia , so of course serbia is n't the main target . 
  here 's polish song about ` white death ' simo hayha - https://youtu.be/oa57a-1kyfy, 
  very admirable , but we ca n't forget that stalin not so long before this did great purge in the army leadership .
