  i 'm not surprised , heard lots of stories by a russian co-worker i had a few years back . 
  and of course all the crap that went on during and after the olympic builds in sochi . 
  thought so , 
  after watching the 4th one i got a sudden urge to go to greece . 
  very true . 
  how does that work in russia , can anyone sit by and watch as the votes are counted ? 
  since when is a satirical comic a meme ? 
  if you do n't count finland and everything above southern sweden . 
  and that it 's very unlikely that they will migrate here . 
  you have to be in something , right ? 
  of course they did , there are millions of jihadist working for siemens that are literally hitler . 
  what 's `` cuck '' ? 
  i just love that last one . 
  how can you be a swede and not know about this , what did you laugh about during lunch breaks if not the misery of our fellow neighbours ? 
  it 's been a while since our unions actually did anything useful . 
  maybe not 100 % , but a lot more capitalistic than us , and for some reason they have 2-3 major players on the isp market while we have over 10 big ones and several small ones . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  and as you know , we are far from 100 % capitalistic and still we have a healthy competition on that market . 
  like the us . 
  yeah , that works great . 
  unless there 's a healthy competition , you ca n't do that . 
  yeah , that was before the latest election . 
  we have the same situation here , lots of choices . 
  but that can change quickly . 
  once they start buying up eachother the same thing could happen here . 
  unless you have a chrystal ball , i think you should be worried . 
  even if it 's extremely unlikely that it would happen today , it could happen tomorrow . 
  yeah , i used to think it was crazy too before i knew why it was there in the first place . 
  edit : a law that is utterly insane is one that has to do with gambling . 
  there 's this law from the 70 's ( i think ) that regulates slot machines and such , and puts a quite heavy fee on each one installed . 
  but the way it 's formulated it is also includes regular gaming computers , which it of course should n't . 
  luckily that one is finally going to be revised . 
  that 's very uncommon here . 
  even in bars that have permits , the guards would not allow it anyway . 
  the article did n't tell the full story . 
  the thing is that a night club attracts a different crowd than bars without dancing . 
  they are most probably younger , so having a permit means that you have better security and a venue better suited for that crowd . 
  mind explaining why ? 
  i do n't know how much it 's enforced . 
  this one explained it very well . 
  this should be on top . 
  for all the people that do n't know about critical thinking , or that does n't read more than headlines . 
   nonsense law you might want to reconsider . 
  do you know why this law exists ? 
  you should probably read the article and not just the click bait headline . 
  that will not be possible without starting a full blown war . 
  so that 's extremely unlikely . 
  maybe send them to icc in hague ? 
  if you can catch them , of course ... 
  it 's not about population size , or size of country , the major factor is population density . 
  it 's cheaper to get more coverage the closer together people live . 
  subsedized deployment has been key in sweden . 
  it 's as ( if not even more ) important as an infrastructure as roads or railways for us . 
  another important factor is healthy market competition . 
  this is average , not `` top speed '' . 
  yeah , i have a few co-workers in germany , can not get anything but dsl in the middle of fucking berlin . 
  so they are like 50 people in the office sharing 20/5mbit or something like that . 
  it 's hard to have video conferance calls with them . 
  maybe not , but their oil fund will . 
  high five to you and the finns !, 
  could someone tell russia about this ? 
  we do that every summer , you do n't ? 
  expressen , the shittiest newspaper , right up there with aftonbladet . 
  soviet 2.0, 
  it was all good until that last part . 
  welfare overload, 
  you should n't believe everything magdalena andersson says ... 
  ananas colada does n't sound as good as pi\u00f1a colada though ... 
  yeah , i thought they were all on vacation . 
  seems accurate , that 's exactly the kind of word a pubelecent bully would come up with . 
  yes , they called in all three of our soldiers . 
  omg !, 
  men kissing , and the devil !, 
  they must be evil !, 
  we create jobs in their alcohol sector . 
  it 's not only land that is needed to sustain a population . 
  energy needs is a big one . 
  we import trash from other countries to recycle or burn and make heat and electricity : https://sweden.se/nature/the-swedish-recycling-revolution/ trash that would otherwise be put on landfills . 
  well , that 's what we 're changing , we 're canceling the invites , is n't that a good thing ? 
  as a swedish male , i agree with you . 
  if what 's on the left side of the point is a year , then what 's right of it is a fraction of a year . 
  this is elementary school math ... 
  i know you 're joking but it 's mesos in swedish . 
  it 's got a special taste , hard to describe . 
  you either love it or hate it . 
  well , brunost is amazing , so no wonder !, 
  norwegians eat sandwiches for lunch , they are weird . 
  it 's not a joke . 
  http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1467-6494.1990.tb00909.x/abstract https://i.imgur.com/qqbv01d.jpg, 
  swedish isp 's are very anti-censorship , so this is way more likely . 
  edit : also , they do n't do deep packet inspection/transparent proxying which is 100 % necessary to block individual pages on sites . 
  that 's not what they want . 
  they just got an excuse to assault people and they took it . 
  that 's really all there is to these kind of people . 
  worse than isis ? 
  they only have to convince their own citizens . 
  actually , the latest sifo-poll says that 41 % is pro a nato membership and 39 % against . 
  it 's a significant increase in just a couple years . 
  and this number will probably keep increasing as long as putin is doing his thing . 
  hey guys , these eastern swedes are getting cocky .
