   most countries do n't just accept a bunch of people without papers . 
  except parts of europe ... 
  jokes aside though , thanks for sorting that out . 
  you 're right of course . 
  why should the africans get a ticket to syria ? 
  that just seems wrong to me . 
  to where they came from ? 
   heroine i like heroines , one of my favorite was the recent netflix series jessica jones, 
  why ? 
  everyone lives in oslo anyway :p, 
  100 % tax on fossil driven cars . 
  the government being neutral does n't mean its citizens ca n't have an opinion . 
  yes , people still think we have n't advanced in technology and safety since the 60s , still afraid of nuclear . 
  but my generation and younger seems to be pro nuclear . 
  and i am too , for replacing fossil fuels in the short term . 
  in the long run we should go for solar . 
  the swedish wikipedia claims that the goat still delivers presents in som places in finland . 
  that ham looks fucking delicious, 
  yule ham , prince sausage , ribs , meatballs ( home made or gtfo ) , jansson 's temptation , beetroot sallad , pickled herring , pickled raw salmon , egg halves with kalles kaviar , and tones of alcohol . 
   euro notes they are n't even eu members, 
  it must be interesting living in an alternative reality . 
  `` swedish national public tv broadcaster stv reported . '', 
  it 's svt, 
  i guess , we will probably get a law that makes it illegal to join terrorist groups abroad . 
  which is the same thing imho, 
  yes , that 's just one of many incidents . 
  most countries that is geographically close to russia can probably say the same thing . 
  it 's pretty clear that they are doing it on purpose most of the time too . 
  and if they get shot down , the state controlled media can twist it making them look like the victim , and that 's how you get people on your side and can start wars as you please . 
  then you are na\u00efve . 
  earlier ( this year if i recall correctly ) a russian jet flew very close to a swedish radio intelligence aircraft ( fra ) and showed off its weapons , for no apparent reason . 
  what you 're describing is called `` undantagstillst\u00e5nd '' where law/constitutional rights are put aside to make it easier to eliminate threats to society in war times or in case of natural disasters ( france had `` undantagstillst\u00e5nd '' last friday ) . 
  we are far from that , and this terror threat level has nothing to do with that . 
  they are looking for someone that are planning an attack in sweden , that could be why : http://www.svd.se/skjutning-i-centrala-paris--flera-dodsfall/om/terrordaden-i-paris, 
  but that wont make the plebs click the links and thus wont generate ad revenue . 
  this is true , it cures dehydration if you drink enough of it . 
  thanks !, 
  i did not look at those , that makes sense . 
  good thing there are people like you pointing out facts so others can learn , instead of being complete assholes . 
  the budget proposition is at 923 billion for 2016 , and 19 billion on migrants , that 's 2 % . 
  if you add an additional 11 billion it 's about 3 % . 
  where you get 8-10 % from i do n't know . 
  the swedish budget proposition for 2016 is 923 billion . 
  [ scroll down a few pages , in swedish , but numbers are universal  ] ( http://www.regeringen.se/contentassets/49618bcb4fd94b6081d9696f55bc7f8d/forslag-till-statens-budget-for-2016-finansplan-och-skattefragor-kapitel-1-12-och-bilagor-1-16.pdf ), 
  just a fyi , news media in sweden refers to immigrants as swedes as well , they do n't care if they are born in sweden . 
  if they have gotten their asylum here , they are swedes as far as the swedish media is concerned . 
  ` swedish ' is not necessarily `` ethnic '' swedes , or do n't even have to have been born here . 
   swedes found to be more likely than their european counterparts to seek treatment for diseases such chlamydia and gonorrhea . 
  i do n't see the problem, 
  it 's not hypocrisy . 
  * your sexuality should not matter when getting a marriage license * your sexuality should not matter when someone decides if you get to keep your job or not . 
  it would be hypocrisy to accept one but not the other . 
  edit : never bothered to check if op spelled correctly, 
  yet everyone seems to love the `` new pope '', 
  i think they meant worker shortage . 
  probably religion , you know since sunday ( the seventh day ) is resting day for christians . 
  even some countries that have become secular ca n't find a compelling reason to change it . 
  not that popular i think , drugs are very taboo here ( except for nicotine , coffeine and alcohol of course ) . 
  only 92 % actually, 
  someone asked the king directly about the funny hats not too long ago ( she did n't know they were shops ) , the king had not seen them before that . 
  she showed him a picture and he found them funny aswell . 
  yeah , but it 's the guards that are open as a first step in the connection chain . 
  feels like that would be easier for them to block , since the list of tor guard ip 's are in public directories . 
  exactly , i have a similar setup , but it 's made that way so that people do n't waste hot tap water . 
  the heating water is a closed curcuit while the tap water obviously is not . 
  leave it at max , you probably have central heating that keeps them at the right temp at all times , if not complain to your landlord . 
  what about the other countries that do n't even have a bathing day , they must be so much more dirty . 
  i know right , no question about the teeth at all , i 'm dissapoint . 
  yes , more hypocritical leftists are exactly what we need in this country . 
  it has already , they exist in sweden : http://www.svt.se/kultur/black-lives-matter-rorelsen-har-natt-sverige, 
  inb4 he changes his name to nigel farce, 
  fit men running around getting sweaty , why would n't gay men like it ? 
  and math, 
  tax reasons . 
  i 'll take it !, 
  should have known ... like sweden and switzerland then , fuck . 
  there 's a trick , put something that is about 1cm high underneath one side of the can , and open it on that same side . 
  no squirting . 
  what , who gets confused by that ? 
  i participated , that makes me a winner , right ? 
  it 's not a coincident . 
  there are a lot fewer women in stem , and even fewer in groundbreaking research , so you 'd expect an outcome like this . 
  if you think it 's unfair , name a woman that deserves it more than these men . 
  also , it 's enough that the peace price is all about politics , let 's not involve politics in the proper nobel prizes . 
   ** you have to consider how many people do n't get the nobel prize ** , but alright veronica consider it as a patriotic thing . 
  exactly . 
  let 's give the price to everybody , so no one is unfairly treated , 
   why are they even trying to make such a big deal out off being the first `` feminist government '' anyway ? 
  because they witnessed the surge of support for fi and they wanted to be on that train . 
  also i believe some of them actually think that there 's such a thing as the patriarchy in the western world . 
  i mean , it 's not far fetched since some green party members believe in chemtrails aswell . 
  it was the green party and social democrats . 
  not f ! . 
  so it is actually the government ... 
  anyway , these so-called feminists are just a bunch of populistic hypocrites that does not take women 's rights seriously . 
  where did sweden go ? 
   would ' f should ' f could ' f, 
  cheese and wine is my new diet . 
  i was n't really saying he was lying . 
  just found it interesting that they had a screenshot of the before .
