still , which one ? 
  since the last poll i saw was around 20 % . 
  edit : ah , yougov 's latest online poll . 
  their results are very different from the traditional polls , so i 'm not convinced by them yet . 
  over 30 % ? 
  in what poll ? 
  ok , like this one ? 
  https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/10/apple_copies_yo.html  verifying the claims by apple . 
  i do n't know if you made a mistake there . 
  but that 's not how you should scientifically prove someone wrong . 
  if apple says so , it must be true . 
  source ? 
  i did n't know we kept statistics on what religion rape offenders had . 
  denmark yes ? 
   i think there are a lot of swedes who think it 's ok for a swedish woman to leave christianity but not ok for a muslim woman to leave islam and be critical of it . 
  i 've never heard of that . 
  why would swedes be against muslim women leaving islam ? 
  feminists are busy hating white heterosexual males aka the root of all evil . 
   gl\u00d6k ftfy, 
  and pilsner, 
  that 's cute . 
  i ca n't say anything about those for literature . 
  but come on , the president of the united states got the nobel peace prize . 
  that prize is bullshit . 
  i mean , these scam mails exists for a reason : they work . 
  the colours in this case is used to separate neighbouring countries , to make the borders more clear . 
  not to indicate what language they speak . 
  because we do n't have the same language . 
  the problem was that they did n't have showers , only bath tubs . 
  hence they only washed their entire body once a week . 
  things are different now though . 
  ( but i 'm not sure about the danes ), 
  you lost this \\ \\  \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af \\ \\, 
  they hate us cuz they anus *, 
  halal is allowed , as long as they do it with anesthesia . 
  if you ca n't see it it never happened . 
  market share probably, 
  i 'm a bit older than you , and i remember being there as a child and they had these aluminium one-use ash trays . 
  late 80s or early 90s , ca n't remember exactly . 
  edit : https://i.imgur.com/uko6yzk.jpg i also remember people smoking in malls, 
  i 'm not surprised , it was n't that long ago you could smoke indoors at mc donald 's in denmark . 
  first they should include snus and cig butts in the littering laws ... 
  damnit , you got me there . 
  of course you should . 
  do n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
  it 's not about streaming tv . 
  it 's about ip-tv and voip within the isp network afaik . 
  it does not apply to netflix or any other streaming service for example . 
  lagom off , no biggie . 
  actually , net neutrality is stronger after this if you can trust the press-release . 
   today 's agreement also enshrines for the first time the principle of net neutrality into eu law : users will be free to access the content of their choice , they will not be unfairly blocked or slowed down anymore , and paid prioritisation will not be allowed . 
  this means , for example , that the access to a start-up 's website will not be unfairly slowed down to make the way for bigger companies . 
  no service will be stuck because it does not pay an additional fee to internet service providers . 
  there wo n't be gatekeepers to decide what you can and can not access . 
  in the open internet , all traffic will be treated equally , subject to strict and clearly identified public-interest exceptions , such as network security or combating child pornography , and subject to efficient day-to-day network management by internet service providers . 
   in parallel , internet access providers will still be able to offer specialised services of higher quality , such as internet tv and new innovative applications , so long as these services are not supplied at the expense of the quality of the open internet . 
  i do n't worry about this part , this is meant to be used for ip-tv , voip ( and other real-time ) services within the isp network itself . 
  and it 's actually needed to make such services viable at all , and it 's something isps are already doing . 
   the eu will have the strongest and most comprehensive open internet rules in the world , complete with strong end-user rights to ensure that subscribers get what they pay for . 
  these rules will be a reality across all member states as soon as the text officially applies on 30 april 2016 . 
   these common eu-wide internet rules will avoid fragmentation in the single market , creating legal certainty for businesses and making it easier for them to work across borders . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5265_en.htm i have n't read everything around this , but if you have sources that suggest otherwize , i 'm happy ( or sad ) to read that . 
  homophobia is not rational , hence `` phobia '' . 
  just pointing a gun on a burglar would be enough here . 
  since most burglars are n't even armed . 
  great argument, 
  if i lived in greece i would use the internet a lot less , that 's for sure . 
  sounds exactly like our national day we just had . 
  exactly , and i 've learned that from this sub . 
  i knew it . 
  they wo n't change the design , but they will let the last number be a letter . 
  they are doing this to make the transition easy . 
  no one will have to replace their plates , and tolls will keep working with a simple code update . 
  looks like business is booming !, 
   why ? 
  could be many reasons  some fall between the chairs ( cracks ? ) . 
   what does this mean ? 
  is that they do n't do the paperwork correctly ? 
  tricky legislation , who is responsible for that specific person ? 
  social office ? 
  medicine ? 
  police ? 
   oh , and other eu-citizens are are not eligible . 
  you ca n't do that . 
  you have to put the same requirements for all eu citizens . 
  the trick is putting a requirement that prevents benefit migration . 
  spain is requiring having work at the country at least six months or your spouse , or a parent if you are under 26 . 
  really ? 
  i 'm not an expert of course , but i 'm pretty sure that homeless eu-migrants does n't get the same help as asylum seekers or swedish citizen . 
  yes , pretty much . 
  some refuse it though , and some fall between the chairs ( cracks ? ) . 
  oh , and other eu-citizens are are not eligible . 
  what 's wrong with the classic bar graphs ? 
  france have a ban and yet gives out permits ? 
  there are a lot of women against this in sweden too . 
  for this exact reason . 
  it 's probably just people with low income that thinks this is a good idea . 
  `` bj\u00f6rkar '' is plural of `` bj\u00f6rk '', 
  all my respect for people that have the guts to raise their voice , it sure is dangerous to do so . 
  more info ?
