i , as a hungarian , am really sorry , that the austrians only granted self-governing rights for us in the monarchy . 
  i think if czechs , austrians , hungarians , and croatians had the same rights , the monarchy could have been the most perfect state in human history . 
  i 'm not japanese , but most forms of humour are not existant in japan , * especially * sarcasm . 
  if you translate the most simple european joke to japanese , they simply do n't understand it . 
  as much as i admire the japanese culture , their traditional `` funny '' things are very lame . 
  i am an unborn fetus , and those 1 year olds are kidz to me, 
  religion nowadays has almost excluselively benefits for a country , like education , charity , etc. 
  religious leaders ( i mean the important leaders , like the pope , or the dalai lama ) , mainly use their `` influence '' and `` control '' to spek against war , aggression , and to fight against poverty . 
  their teachings are also a source of inspiration ans good morals for many people . 
  also , this `` history of genocide , slavery '' paralell is just ctrl + c ctrl + v bs . 
  many who discriminate christians say that `` omg omg the vatican signed the reichskonkordat , they are full nazi , hitler was christian , also the spanish conquistadors slaughtered indians '' . 
  what about mao , or stalin ? 
  they were atheist , and they killed many people , and they prosecuted religion , because of their atheist views . 
  so , using this arguement , we can say , that atheism has a long history of genocide . 
  people who dislike cheeseburger are far better than atheists , because they do n't think themselves superior , and they do n't spread lies about cheeseburger-lovers on the internet , using bad paralells . 
  yeah , i understand your point . 
  but when for example christianity causes problems in the us , but benefits the society in france/germany etc. , the problem is not with the religion , but with the people/education . 
  i did n't mean that . 
  but if i do n't like cheeseburger , and there are probably also millions who share this idea of mine , i do n't create a subreddit for it , i do n't make anticheeseburger memes , and i do n't write witty one-liners about all cheeseburger fans being fanatic/uneducated etc. 
  ideas need subreddits , communities need subreddits . 
  i think the point of atheism is not belonging to groups . 
  a christian is part of the christian community , and follows christian media . 
  there are n't ( at least in my country ) organisations for atheist , because that 's their point : they want to live their lives , and they do n't want to belong to these kind of groups . 
  r/atheism always amazed me in a bad way . 
  so , people created a subreddit , just to discuss among themselves how they do n't believe in any god , and how they hate religion ? 
  this dual citizenship is really interesting . 
  although i agree , that hungarians who live outside hungary ( especially in the area of the pre-wwi-hungary ) , and want to be officially considered hungarians , should have the right , i also see , that this was just a political gambit from our government . 
  they had the majority vote , just because of them . 
  and i do agree , that they do n't take part in our burdens , and do n't even pay taxes , they are only concerned in cultural matters . 
  also , do romanians have dual citizenship rights ? 
  i mean , for example romanians who live in eastern hungary , or in bulgaria ? 
  also , you said that you are an expat . 
  can you participate in the romanian vote ? 
  thanks again , for your kind answer.now , i agree with you 100 % . 
  i wish every hungarian and romanian would think as you . 
  now , i really feel bad for my first comment being so rude . 
  i think that szekelyland was never truly hungary , and nowadays it is n't truly romania . 
  although they have relations with us , i do not strictly consider them hungarians , although i love them , and their cultural heritage . 
  i think independence or autonomity would be a good option , but i agree with your opinion , that they are very badly positioned . 
  thanks again , for the good , and kind answers . 
  i hope someday all hungarians and romanians will change their minds , and be polite & considering , as you . 
  i almost totally agree with your opinion . 
  thanks for explaining this origin thing better . 
  i have only one thing to `` correct ''  mainly during horty and his invasion of transylvania horthy and his troops occupied transylvania ( or regained , as we learn it ) because of the vienna treaty , which romania also signed . 
  also , concerning this , what do you think about the vienna treaties ? 
  other than this , thank you , really for this conversation . 
  if i may ask , where do you live inside romania ? 
  i 'm sorry again . 
  now , i understand my mistake . 
  also , thanks for the explanation . 
  we learn in the school , that romanians came from the balkan , hence the roman cultural traits and the language . 
  what are your thoughts about this theory ? 
  what exactly do you learn in schools about this ? 
  and what do you learn about the hungarian origin ? 
  sorry for the many questions , i 'm really curious , and you gave me nice answers , although my first comment was a little rude , i see now . 
  whenever they were the ancestors of romanians , or not , i still admite the ancient dacians . 
  their craftmanship was magnificent . 
  i 'm sorry if i offended you . 
  i did not meant that . 
  the hungarian graves from the 10th century show , that approximetly 10 % of the population was of asian origin . 
  so , it 's wrong to say that hungarians are , or were asians . 
  since then , we mixed with germans , romanians , slavs , and these strenghtened the european genes . 
  however , we also mixed with alans , or cumans , and these folks strenghtened the asian lineage . 
  according to genetical studies , nowadays hungarians are closely related to some middle-asian people , and interestingly enough , to ukrainians , who also mixed with a lot of people . 
  i do not say that daco-romanism is stupidity becaude i hate romania , because i do n't . 
  i just think that it 's heavily influenced by politics . 
  but , i can be convinved . 
  also , i understand some of your point about hungarian politicians . 
  orban , who is our prime minister , is the leader of fidesz , a right-wing , christian conservative party . 
  they are n't very radical , but they far worse things in hungary , than in romania . 
  jobbik is another matter . 
  they are very divided , but most of them are really radical , some even neo-nazi radical . 
  i really did not mean to offend . 
  many hungarians also have bullshit theories , like sumerians being our ancestors , or that ww1 was a worldwide conspiration against hungary . 
  i think this shows , that we are really similar , and that is exactly the reason , why we ca n't get along . 
   stop electing nationalists our government is * not * nationalist , so i do n't really understand , who elects nationalists . 
  i think we should get along , and actually respect each other , since our goddamned countries happen to be neighbours . 
  but to achieve this goal , both hungarians and romanians should stop stereotyping each other , and we should get our facts straight , and remove nationalist bs fromthe education ( like decebal being the ancestor of romanians , etc. 
  i 'm from hungary , but i do n't know who said that 7 % . 
  i met 3 muslims in my whole life here : a doctor in the local hospital , and his children . 
  if they asked me , i would say 0.0001 % . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  i tell you , what i learned about the history of the transylvanian area/romania in grammar school . 
  the first inhabitants were the dacians , who were defeated by traian . 
  after that , the population became heavily romanized . 
  when the hungarians came to the area , they found the szeklers there , who were speaking hungarian ( this is still a matter of debate among hungarian historians ) . 
  the southern part of transilvania was the border of the byzantine empire , and some bulgarian people also lived there . 
  the cumans settled the moldva area , and hungary supported them , the king of hungary helped to found the first episcopate in moldva . 
  romanians are of latin origin , coming from around the modern day serbia . 
  they did not occupy transilvania , they settled in peacefully , many of them fled from their feudal overlords , who were oppressing them . 
  in the 19th century , hungarians and romanians started to hate each other , and both hungarians , and romanians are to blame on this . 
  both sides committed wrong things against the other . 
  so , that 's what i learned in grammar school . 
  please , write your opinion on this topic . 
  i really want to know your point of view , and understand this conflict . 
  typical ignorant respone . 
  i asked you a question . 
  please , do not answer with another one . 
  i really want to know what you meant by `` it 's certainly better than ... your theory . '', 
  could you answer it ?
