  it 's like they forgot about how france was kicking * everyone 's * asses in europe during the napoleonic wars , or how they were even with the germans during ww1 . 
  pretty sad that people give france a bad rap because they got taken by surprise by new tactics in ww2 . 
  you could just make the opposite argument though . 
  49 % should not win the vote for stopping a massive change like entering or exiting the eu , stopping the other 51 % from joining the eu . 
  so then who is the second industrial power ? 
  not necessarily , the italian family can afford international imports while the estonian family can not afford them as easily . 
  quality of life is not so easy to figure out , owning a house is not the only factor . 
  sorted , i promise not to firebomb any cities on the way . 
  we 'll have a job of it , there 's a bit of a continent and some water between our countries , but may as well give it a go . 
  i 'll start walking now , meet you halfway ? 
  ppp is just as skewed by inequality as nominal , just so you know . 
  it 's a mean number . 
  if it was median it would paint a more accurate picture . 
  fair enough , that makes a lot of sense . 
  being fair , the weather is a huge factor . 
  i 'd rather live near a sunny beach in an italian beach town than in cold estonia , even if it has better it infrastructure and less crime . 
  i 'd rather live in italy than even the uk because i just love the sun and the beach even though i 'd earn much less . 
  what 's the point in money when you need to work 9-5 in a cold wet city to earn it , depressing shit . 
  i never said that it would increase your net disposable income if you moved , but italians just make more money and are just wealthier on average than estonians , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  an italian would have higher mortgage payments , but they would also have a more expensive house , a larger asset . 
  you say you would n't be as categorical as me , but you know i 'm right . 
  nominal is better for measuring absolute wealth , ppp is better for measuring standard of living because the price of food and services varies from country to country . 
  what do you mean it 's right to concentrate on it ? 
  that 's so irrelevant . 
  ppp is not a measure of wealth as much as nominal is , i do n't care what 's right to focus on or where expenses go , having a high ppp per capita does n't necessarily make the people wealthy . 
  sure , a chinese guy could buy more food for less money , so their ppp is high because food is cheaper , but the price of international products like iphones wo n't change . 
  chinese people ca n't afford as many iphones as an american , it does n't matter if their ppp is close ( it 's not , this is an example ) or if they can buy more food for a smaller amount , they are poorer . 
  ah yeah , do n't know why i did n't think of exchange rates . 
  the pound is falling , our assets are worth slightly less to the world , so that would explain our 10 % loss . 
  i 'm aware of why ireland is so popular with companies , i 'm not arguing that your success is entirely down to tax havens , you do n't need to whip out the facts to counter what i 'm not saying . 
  the uk has no plans to leave , but the population wanted a vote so they got a vote . 
  nothing wrong with that , it 's democracy , even if half of the people voting have no idea about the pros and cons of membership other than `` the european immigrants ruinin ' our country ! '', 
  if you can sell the apartment for more than the villa , then yes , it 's worth more . 
  just because we think one is nicer does n't mean it should be worth more , location is also important . 
  london is the financial capital of the world , so the benefits of living there are high , there are a huge number of world-class companies headquartered there . 
  the villa has a nice view and is nice to live in , but is n't close to a large financial center . 
  they both have pros and cons . 
  of course nominal gdp is n't accurate when you 're comparing an alien civilization to earth , but luckily we 're not , so the measure works for now . 
  ppp does n't matter to other countries , you ca n't take ppp per capita out of a country , it just does n't work . 
  nominal wealth is the same everywhere , $ 30,000 nominal in the usa is $ 30,000 nominal in china , while $ 30,000 ppp in china is only $ 5000 ppp in the us . 
  you 're right , according to 2015 data the uk is 4th now . 
  apparently every country in the top 10 besides new zealand has lost a bit of wealth since mid-2014 too , we lost about 13 % . 
  how the hell did italy and norway lose 30 % and 40 % respectively ? 
  i know italy is n't doing great economically but damn . 
  norway i do n't understand at all . 
  oh i 'm not saying that the uk is n't a tax haven or that ireland is only successful because of being a tax haven . 
  we 're both tax havens , we 're just not that much more of a tax haven and have * way * more people , so it has less of an effect here . 
  no , not really . 
  if you have the same standard as living , it 's fair to say that you have the same standard as living . 
  italians have more money , estonia is cheaper so money goes further , but estonians are not close to as wealthy as italians . 
  food and domestic stuff is cheaper in estonia , but international products are not . 
  in estonia , an iphone would be $ 600 , same as italy or anywhere else , apple wo n't lower the price just because estonians are poorer . 
  an italian could buy twice as many iphones as an estonian . 
  if you look at actual wealth , it 's not even close . 
  in terms of median wealth per capita , italy is # 5 . 
  estonia is # 28 , almost 10x less wealth per adult than italy . 
  median wealth per capita would be the best measure , according to that , [ italy # 5 ahead of the uk at # 6 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult ) it shows that wealth in the uk is distributed less evenly than in italy . 
  the information is 3 years old , but still . 
  it also shows how much europe kicks ass . 
  in the top 20 , 16 of them are countries from europe , 3 are countries not in europe but populated with people descended from europe ( australia , canada and new zealand ) , and only one is from asia , good old japan . 
  nominal gdp depends on exports , but they change ( short-term ) mostly based on currency exchange rate fluctuations . 
  however you think of it , nominal gdp is much more accurate when comparing wealth . 
  nominal gdp is how much you are worth to the world . 
  ppp is more a measure of how far your money goes , it does n't matter to other countries . 
  an estonian may have a ppp per capita of $ 30,000 , but they can only purchase goods to the value of that amount in estonia . 
  they 'd only be able to buy $ 18,000 worth of goods in the uk . 
  i know each estonian does n't get exactly their gdp per capita , this is just an example . 
  because we have ~ 11x more people than ireland . 
  tax havens are n't gon na have a big effect on a country of 66,000,000 . 
  wealth per capita is n't really a useful measure . 
  a country can fall down the rankings because more people take more loans , but it does n't necessarily mean they 're poorer . 
  example , if a country has higher home ownership , more people with have mortgages , so their wealth per capita would go down . 
  you 're looking at ppp per capita numbers , not really a good measure for wealth , more for standard of living . 
  poorer countries always have far higher ppp numbers than nominal because goods are cheaper . 
  in nominal terms , italy is nearly double estonia at $ 30k compared to estonia 's $ 18k gdp per capita . 
  damn , that 's one long-ass alliance . 
  portugal ftw, 
  it 's not exactly something one can dispute is it . 
  england is a country in the continent of europe . 
  taking the piss because he said `` i think using a bidet is much more civilised than using a bidet '' . 
  dunno how you did n't pick up on that but noticed my piss-take . 
   i think using a bidet is much more civilised than using a bidet nah , i disagree . 
  i think using toilet paper is much more civilized than using toilet paper . 
   if you 're doing work in your garden and get a lot of mud on your hands , are you going to use paper towels or water to clean yourself up ? 
  you clean your hands first , like a civilized person . 
  one does not shit with shitty hands . 
  stuff like that happens in all advanced countries , nothing special . 
  the smart city plan just sounds like what estonia is doing with the whole country . 
  you 're high . 
  we created the first computers and the world wide web , yes , and arm has the most chips in electronics , but intel and amd are the kings of cpu technology . 
  intel is going down to something stupid like 11nm , that 's insane . 
  the us has the most powerful supercomputers and they build modern computers , not us . 
  modern computers have nvidia/amd graphics cards and intel/amd cpus with kingston ram and seagate hdds , the us is responsible for modern computers . 
  london is being turned into a super city ? 
  the actual fuck ? 
  what project is this and when was it started ? 
  what even is a super city ? 
  london is the world 's financial center alongside new york , it 's an alpha + + global city , it ai n't a super city , and if it is so is new york . 
  i 'm all for being patriotic , but at speak some sense .
