  the fuselage was designed around multiple versions of the aircraft , so no it does n't compromise every other role . 
  the f-35a does n't have vertical thrusters , the f-35b does . 
  the f-35c is designed for use on carriers that use arrested landings , and does n't have vertical thrust either . 
  honestly , it really is n't . 
  jump onto the bandwagon saying it 's just an expensive failed jet not knowing shit if you want , but do n't spout nonsense on here and make other people believe the same shite . 
  it has issues , of course it does , it 's not finished . 
  but it finished its carrier trials early , and believe it or not , it 's cheaper to buy an f-35 than a eurofighter . 
  denmark hosted an open competition that the f-35 won handily . 
  i 'll get downvoted by bandwagon retards that say `` hurr f-35 jack of all trades master of none , useless jet '' , but idiots will be idiots . 
   i gave up . 
  if they want to leave they should . 
  no fucking shit . 
  fuck the gini-index , just look at [ median wages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage ) and [ median wealth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult ) . 
  maybe actually provide some figures other than guessing with the gini-index next time ? 
  yeah , we have our share of the extremely wealthy , but do n't be stupid and think that just because they skew the figures that the average person here is poor . 
  the only reason `` half of england '' makes wallonia look decent is because half of england is countryside , farms , pastures and villages . 
   extremely expensive prices for everything , especially london  arrogant and self-centered people  high pollution levels  bad food i can tell he 's never been anywhere except london , though saying london has bad food is so unbelievably stupid . 
  the uk having bad food is such an outdated stereotype . 
  globally we have more political power , though they have the most in europe because we never take the initiative . 
  they do n't `` control '' the eurozone , that 's nonsense . 
  whoa there , i 'm not agreeing with them , i 'm just saying that the people who support leave want more relations with the world outside of europe , i never said that i did n't think it was a retarded idea . 
  i support in . 
   uk only cares about opt-outs and/or leaving eu altogether and trying to cut itself off from the rest of the world . 
  someone does n't like britain . 
  if anything the leave party want to deal with the rest of the world * more * , one of the main arguments they make for leaving is trade with the commonwealth and anglosphere . 
  i want us to stay in but still . 
  it did develop on its own , though . 
  irish culture has developed over the past hundred or so years into what it is currently . 
  i know that the british destroyed ireland 's culture in the past and imposed their own language , but irish culture has developed from there into its own unique thing with british influence . 
   what you really said was that this influence made sense , it was just the only logical way to deal with your primitive neighbours . 
  no , i 'm saying that using the word makes sense , not that it was logical to erase ireland 's culture . 
  i do n't condone cultural genocide and whatnot . 
  i just think that influence was the right word to choose . 
  britain influenced ireland in the past through forceful methods . 
  the uk was brutal towards ireland and destroyed the old culture , i 'm not denying that in any way . 
  but ireland 's current culture was in no way imposed , it developed on its own in recent history , just like our current culture . 
  are n't we growing faster than germany though , and do n't we have a higher nominal gdp per capita , higher average wage and higher median wage ? 
  i mean , sure they 're big and stronk , but they 're not * dominant * . 
  this article just seems like it wants people to start hating germany for being successful relative to other european countries like france and italy . 
   the uk and ireland have had a bumpy past yeah , i 'm aware . 
  i never said that the influence was achieved through peaceful means , some bad shit went down . 
  definition of influence - the capacity to have an effect on the character , development , or behavior of someone or something , or the effect itself . 
  what i said makes perfect sense . 
  oh give it a fucking rest . 
  your culture was n't `` imposed '' , it makes sense that it was influenced by a larger neighbor though . 
  and yeah , the uk and ireland have had a bumpy past , but that 's part of history and is what makes a nation what it is , just like how the uk would n't be the uk if the angles and saxons had n't settled here . 
  i was thinking more of fighters than bombers , they would be taken down so they would n't have air superiority . 
  armor is useless against the uk since we have the moat , their sams would be a huge problem if there was a war though . 
  they do n't need to be refueled every few days , they have a 19,000 km range . 
  if they need to go to the other side of the planet , they may need refueling along the way , which is n't a problem , we have ships for that already . 
  if you combine operation serval , syria and the ca civil war ( not counting iraq , you deployed nothing ) , france did n't even have 10,000 troops deployed abroad . 
  major ? 
  kinda . 
  it proves that france can sustain large operations , but still not on the level that britain can . 
  the new carriers will just mean that france will fall further behind than currently when it comes to projecting power abroad . 
  you have power , more jets and soldiers than us , just no recent history of being able to wield it abroad . 
  it 's not super bad , but germany is a massively powerful nation economically . 
  it should have a military to match . 
  why does it matter if they 're non-nuclear ? 
  the deployment range is already more than enough , and they 're cheaper to run in the long term considering how incredibly expensive it is to refuel nuclear carriers . 
  also , the first one is due to be commissioned in 2017 , second in 2020 . 
  hardly five years at best . 
  as for power projection , even with a carrier , the french have n't proven to have the logistics or capability required for large sustained operations abroad like britain did in iraq and desert storm , so yeah . 
  most powerful military with the most power projection in europe until proven otherwise . 
  you do n't just let your military decay and build it up again * just * before an imminent attack , it 's important to maintain a powerful force at all times . 
  it makes sense that a german would say that , but maintaining a powerful military is pretty important , we need the kind of power projection these carriers provide . 
  the uk is very active abroad , after all . 
  plus , being second in the world at power projection means other countries take you more seriously , which is always nice . 
  maybe russia would n't be so cocky if they knew that most of their air-force would be disabled by type-45 's and f-35 's before it could even reach the isles . 
  well , i still hold hope for france and italy at least . 
  they have n't let their military sink as bad as you guys . 
  damn right , we 'll be the most powerful military in europe with the most power projection too when these are completed . 
  they 'll make the argies think twice before they invade the falklands again . 
  if germany and italy built two supercarriers each and spain built one , europe would be a force to be reckoned with again . 
  instead it 's just france ( only country in the world besides the us with a nuclear carrier ) and britain that actually possess any sort of power . 
  if there was a pan-european military , most of the power would be supplied by only two nations , which is a bit unfair . 
  no wonder german politicians are up for it . 
  it does n't depend on how you look at it though . 
  you called rome the biggest western empire ever , but the russian empire , french empire and especially the british empire were * way * bigger . 
  the roman empire was the greatest maybe , but certainly not the biggest . 
  rome was n't the biggest western empire ever by a long shot . 
  it 's more difficult to stab someone in the face , in knife attacks it 's almost always body shots . 
  well that ai n't nice of them is it . 
  gdp is n't the * best * indicator , obviously , so it makes perfect sense for them to want a new measurement . 
  thing is , economies are incredibly complicated and it 's not easy to just create a new more accurate indicator . 
  not really , still a pretty accurate indicator of economic activity . 
  if it was n't , politicians and economists would n't rely on it and set gdp growth goals and whatnot . 
  but i guess you know more than top economists , right ? 
  you 're fucking insane if you think it 's acceptable though . 
  that money could be invested into east germany or a pension fund , but instead if being wasted on illegals . 
  the fuck . 
  i was n't being sarcastic or implying that you ca n't accept when we get our asses kicked, 
  all right , every nation * except * us ( as always ) got their asses kicked , which is impressive as fuck . 
  this is not sarcastic , although it seems it . 
  it took us and several other nations combined multiple attempts to beat the french into submission . 
  during the third , fourth and fifth coalition , we ( or our coalition at least ) got whipped . 
  i never said our army was weak , just that france 's during that time was way stronger . 
  well , us as well . 
  the british * army * was peanuts compared to the french armies , our navy is what made us dominant . 
  it took multiple coalitions of european countries + russian winter to stop the french .
