  though i guess all of that stuff would attract more respect than hugs . 
  we gave you top gear , harry potter and james bond . 
  that alone is enough for you to at least shoot us a dopey half-assed smile . 
  sticking a no-fly zone over syria really is n't gon na help things , to say the least . 
  how exactly is he a danger to peace ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  clinton is the one that seems to want war with russia , trump wants to work with them . 
  in all honesty , trump is most likely the lesser of two evils this election . 
  bush never wanted to risk war with russia . 
  clinton wants a no-fly zone over syria . 
  i 'd say clinton 's probably more dangerous if anything . 
   the brexiters seem to think that leaving the eu , the uk can become the financial center of the world . 
  but there are already financial centers like ny that serve the us , shanghai or singapore that serve the far east or dubai that serve the me . 
  why would they need london ? 
  for the same reason they do now . 
  london as a financial center is far more convenient than any other place on the planet . 
  the laws , the location ( most convenient timezone by far ) , the language , the way companies are allowed to vote , it 's all perfect for finance . 
  hence why it 's still the supreme financial center . 
  might lose its position to new york soon , but who knows . 
  except the growth is in services , and exports did n't go up * that * much . 
  you are properly special . 
  white supremacists , while bad , are * nowhere * * near * as bad as isis , though i would support the banning of white supremacists flags anyway . 
  people like muslim extremists and white supremacists should n't be tolerated , end of . 
  people that want anyone that does n't think/look the same way as them to be dead or slaves need to be told to fuck off . 
  tolerating it has absolutely zero positives . 
  freedom of speech within reason , fucking hell . 
  if someone supports an organization that has child soldiers , kills children , behead people , run people over with tanks and want a global war , you have to tell them that shit ai n't gon na fly . 
  like , there are reasons freedom is good , but when people take the piss and take shit to that level of extremism which also corrupts others , you stop them . 
  but no , you 're right , we should let them fly their flags . 
  we do n't want to offend isis after all . 
  to prove what ? 
  you seriously think the pound will drop much further than it already has after we left the eu ? 
  it went from $ 1.45 to $ 1.20 , investors have already reacted to theresa 's hard stance on brexit . 
  they 're anticipating it will happen and that we wo n't have access to the single market , so they 're reacting accordingly , why the hell would they wait ? 
  voting to leave eu = acting like a spoiled child . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  in every thread *, 
  5th largest economy on earth , it 's pretty significant even if it 's not a superpower . 
  us would love this , it 's already got canada above , having the uk below would be 10/10 . 
  i 'd prefer this too , easier holidays to the us . 
  you guys get a huge third world country , so that seems bang on considering current goals . 
  win-win for everyone , let 's do it . 
  is there anything the uk can do to stop it from being ridiculed on this dumbass subreddit ? 
  there 's a difference between consuming media and creating a shitty local version of it like top gear us , i 'll watch whatever the fuck i want . 
  i did n't mean leave our shit alone as in i want you to stop watching it . 
  obviously . 
  yanks make some good tv shows and until they stop doing so , i 'll keep watching them . 
  there 's a reason us media is so popular . 
  and anyway , besides british tv and japanese anime there 's no other country that creates any decent shows , so if we stopped watching american shows we 'd run out of shit to watch quickly . 
   tv ... man your guys tv is just our tv with bad dubs . 
  make some damn shit already america can only make so many things to amuse me that 's what i think when i watch american tv as a british person . 
  your top gear was shite . 
  leave our shit alone please . 
  totally, 
  leccy is what we call electricity . 
  always called electricians leccy men . 
  `` the leccy 's been playing up , got the leccy man round later to fix it '' . 
  anglosphere love right there, 
  everybody knows what not being able to see feels like . 
  nobody knows what dying feels like . 
  if you 'd choose death over not being able to see , you 're an idiot , especially since electronic eyes have already been developed , it 'd just be a matter of waiting . 
  ... why would they be alone, 
  better than * dying * . 
  no , it 's an outright realistic view , the world is n't all roses and sunshine . 
  explain how being blinded by a laser is more inhumane than being shot in the face by a sniper ? 
  greek people work the longest hours in europe , followed by portugal . 
  the problem is their productivity . 
  you can be proud of the esa 's achievements without being responsible . 
  it seems you 're a bit thick so i 'll make this as easy to understand as possible . 
  there 's a huge difference between apologizing for something you did n't do and feeling shame that your country did something horrific in the past . 
  you can refuse to apologize for your country 's crimes while at the same time being proud of its achievements . 
  it 's not think that they 're your personal achievements . 
  likewise , you can feel shame for your country 's crimes without feeling responsible or apologizing . 
  why should the uk or its people care about supporting german , french and italian industries over america 's ? 
  the americans are our cousins , we speak the same language , have similar foreign policy and cooperate extremely closely ( five eyes , military cooperation ) . 
  americans ( the people , not the government ) think of britain as their closest ally and vice versa according to most polls . 
  if i had the choice i 'd rather give them our support and custom than , say , germany , who refuse to even spend 2 % of their gdp on their military . 
  irish guy said `` if we want to live in a sustainable world we have to stop growing our population at some stage . '', 
   sustainable world  * world * you know , the world . 
  earth . 
  the only planet we have . 
  you ca n't say he 's wrong and then provide colonizing other planets as a solution , because that 's just proving him right . 
  this world ca n't support too many people so we 'd need to leave . 
  colonizing other planets would only help earth sustain more people if we had some interplanetary trade going on . 
  however , this is n't star wars . 
  we ca n't colonize other planets in large enough numbers to matter . 
  being more efficient is obviously going to help , but we do n't have unlimited water and food supplies . 
  the planet 's resources are finite , population growth needs to be stunted in the future , it 's just a fact . 
  that 's a but unfair considering the us views nobody as their equal , no other country comes close to the size or power of the us military or economy . 
  no , it 's just right , do n't be fucking delusional . 
  more people = more consumption . 
  more consumption + finite resources = either we put the brakes on population growth or cripple quality of life over time . 
   long in the past . 
  yeah , like that time germany welcomed all of the refugees into europe and flooded itself with unskilled migrants that do n't integrate well with german culture and society . 
  that 's ancient history . 
  why do you think triggering a50 will suddenly cause the shitstorm to get worse ? 
  investors and companies are moving thinking that the uk is definitely going to leave the eu , they 're human , they react before the event . 
  if your house was burning down , you would save your possessions * before * the fire reaches them . 
  til the us gdp is around $ 27 trillion . 
  ppp is great and all , but how are indonesia and brazil larger economies than the uk and france when measured in ppp ?
