  same with india , they 're a smaller trader than the uk or france yet they are apparently a larger economy in ppp terms . 
  you 're retarded as fuck , you have no idea what isolation is and you need to be educated . 
  someone 's salty . 
  leaving the eu does n't mean isolation dipshit , if the government has any sense we 'll be in the eec eventually so not much will change . 
  maybe freedom of movement will be changed into freedom of labor . 
  even if we did n't join the eea , we still would n't be isolated . 
  trade with eu and the world would continue . 
  less influence , sure , but isolation ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  ppp is gdp . 
  nominal and ppp are both gdp . 
  ppp takes local prices into account and is better for comparing living standards . 
  well , to be fair , you did n't specify whether you meant the people or westminster , and it 's not exactly uncommon for the people to get the blame the government should . 
  can agree that westminster are a bunch of dickhead liars . 
  countries do n't have `` friends '' . 
  england will still be in nato and still be allies with the usa , all of the eu and japan . 
  calling all of england a bunch of dickhead liars is retarded and shows how fucking thick you are . 
  you ca n't generalize a country of sixty million people as dickhead liars . 
  dumbasses really should n't talk as if they know what 's going to happen . 
  nobody does . 
  there are [ news sites that say france has passed the uk ] ( http://www.cityam.com/244103/eu-referendum-no-uk-economy-isnt-now-smaller-than ) and [ sites that say that it has n't . 
  ] ( http://www.cityam.com/244103/eu-referendum-no-uk-economy-isnt-now-smaller-than ) either way , nothing will be confirmed until the next gdp numbers are released . 
  it 's still the uk . 
  france was far enough behind that even the huge crash in the value of the pound still has n't brought britain 's gdp below theirs . 
  if we do leave the eu , the young ( i 'm 20 , so no i 'm not biased ) deserve just as much of the pain as the old people who voted . 
  at least the old bastards got up and voted for what they believed in , meanwhile the utterly useless thick as pigshit cunts in my age group decided they really could n't be bothered to vote and then start crying when they lose the referendum . 
  dumb fuckers honestly , and i 'm not even assed about leaving , i was 50/50 . 
  it just pisses me off how fucking uselessly lazy some people can be . 
  cunts could n't have cared that much . 
   massive recession experts predicting continued growth , albeit at a much slower rate . 
  do n't blow things out of proportion . 
  because the vote was n't just about the economy , you spasticated fuck . 
  they 'd be running a ~ 7 % deficit , have no currency and would n't be in the eu . 
  you figure it out . 
  remain voters ca n't accept the result so have to resort to insults . 
  i did n't even vote leave but fucking hell get over yourselves , at least wait a few years before calling it a disaster . 
  hahahaha , absolutely not . 
  independent scotland would be a clusterfuck compared to an independent england . 
  their deficit would be massive . 
  gdp per capita 2015 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita $ 51,351 vs $ 43,771 , totally nearly double . 
  they 're less prepared for independence than the leave party . 
  scotland would definitely have a fucking bumpy-ass ride . 
  yeah , except no not at all in any way whatsoever . 
  fair enough , but even if spain did n't veto it , the process would still take a decade or longer , during which time scotland would be suffering like crazy due to the economic turmoil of leaving the uk and having no stable currency for that time . 
  it just does n't make sense to leave the uk to join the eu . 
  the uk is * way * more important to scotland than the eu is . 
  to leave our fully integrated nation to join the eu , which top economists think will fracture further after this , would be demented . 
  the eu is n't going to just stop trade with the uk , that 's so retarded i ca n't even . 
  trade agreements do n't go like `` i have a bigger gdp , if you do n't free trade with me right now i 'll stop trade and cripple you '' . 
  this is n't civilization v. 
  because scotland leaving the uk would give catalonia 's call for independence fuel , and spain would not want that , so to set an example they 'd veto scotland 's entry into the eu . 
  if you think the spanish government would do anything different , you need to take another look at the way they do things . 
  you 're catalonian , you should know they 'd stoop pretty low to scare you into staying . 
  true , but the economic consequences of scotland leaving the uk would be much , much worse than those that are going to be felt by the uk for leaving the eu . 
  that , and scotland would n't get back into the eu because spain would veto them , because catalonia . 
  they 'd want to set an example . 
  so they 'd just be a lone , independent country in northern europe with no reliable currency . 
  not the best setup for success . 
  it is a crazy idea considering the following : 1 - they 'd never get back into the eu because spain would veto them 2 - they would n't have a currency 3 - their economy would tank far worse than anything the uk will experience due to brexit because of the above 4 - they just had a referendum , they 're not gon na have the opportunity to vote out again for a long time . 
  it was a once in a generation vote . 
  if there is another vote in a few decades , by that time the uk will have recovered from brexit , so i doubt they 'd leave just for more uncertainty and economic turmoil for a shot at joining the eu again . 
  scotland receives more funding and trade/jobs from the eu ? 
  are you off your rocker ? 
  scotland 's largest import/export partner is the rest of the uk . 
  the eu is an organization , the uk is a whole other level of integration that scotland is integral to . 
  to say that the eu is more important to scotland than the rest of the uk is laughably ignorant . 
  plenty of scots distrust westminster , not the rest of the uk , though it 's not like the eu is any better . 
  yeah , scotland would be totally fucked . 
  no way spain would allow an independent scotland to join the eu , that 'd send a good message to catalonia and they do n't want that . 
  it 's daft how people think that the uk leaving the eu is bad , but scotland leaving the uk to apply for and fail to get into the eu is totally fine . 
  why is everyone thinking that the uk will seperate because of this ? 
  scotland wanted to remain 62 % to 38 % , but leaving the uk over this would be completely idiotic , a little bit hypocritical . 
  if scotland left , the damage to their economy compared to us leaving the eu would be massively greater . 
  england is * far * more important to scotland than the eu . 
  the uk is gon na stay together for the foreseeable future . 
  calm down , it 's only going to be a slight bump in the economy . 
  pretty much every economist has said that the uk would take a hit , just not a huge hit , it would n't hit us hard enough to drop us below france 's gdp for example . 
  india has a smaller economy than the uk , do n't even put it in the same league as china or especially the us . 
  this article is a load of shite . 
  there are so many good reasons to decide to stay , but this guy decides he 's pro-eu because qataris were listening to african music in a bar , and that somehow means uk soft power is now irrelevant and the issues he apparently ignored before were now reasons to stay . 
  british cultural influence is as strong as ever , the world is globalizing but that does n't mean anyone gives a shit about african or south american tv . 
  y' aight, 
  '' `` it 's not our role to comment on political questions and we have nothing further to add . '' '' got ta love the norwegians , tell it like it is . 
  i have n't even looked at your previous comment , let alone downvoted it . 
  i typed a full wall of text replying to this comment , going through each paragraph typing my ass off , then got to the end and then it just turns out that you 're taking the piss yes , you did a perfect imitation of an irish ultranationalist . 
  too perfect , i 'm suspicious . 
  what the actual fuck are you smoking ? 
  i do n't give a shit if it 's offensive , that 's the official term . 
  ireland is a part of the british isles , it 's a geographical term , not political , learn the difference you nationalist nutcase . 
  i never said that ireland was part of the united kingdom . 
  you need to learn the difference between geography and politics . 
  do you have anything to add ? 
  pretty much everyone 's according to a quick google search . 
  [ wikipedia thinks so too . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles ) i get why you 'd want the name for this group of islands to be something that represents ireland too rather than just being named after the largest island , but that 's just how it is . 
  ireland is one of the british isles . 
  net disposable income per capita , it hardly represents the average person , averages can be easily skewed . 
  according to that map , danes have as much disposable income as the greeks , despite the average dane having far more wealth and much higher earnings . 
  the uk has a higher median wage than most of europe and is in the top 10 in the world in median wealth . 
  the uk has benefits and working tax credits , not just the nhs .
