spain produces many things , but when it comes to anything major ( military , economy , tourism , influence , space industry , aerospace , electricity , population ) , it 's completely outclassed by france . 
  it 's like saying mexico is america 's rival , or that ireland is britain 's rival , it 's just kinda silly . 
  i 'm not saying that spain sucks in any way , it 's just that countries with larger populations and larger economies tend to be better at the big important stuff than smaller ones . 
  spain rivals france in standard of living , but that 's nothing special ( around here at least ) , all of western europe is comparable to france . 
  well considering the definition of a rival is literally what i just said , i do n't give a toss what other people think the word means . 
  i 'm pretty sure spanish people think of rivalry the same way everybody else does , if they do n't then it is n't rivalry so it does n't matter anyway . 
  true , but to be a rival you have to be competing to be better at something . 
  the only thing i can think of that spain competes with france in is wine production , other than that they 're by far outclassed in every aspect . 
  most people in spain consider france their rival ? 
  is n't that a bit one-sided ? 
  i 'd think you 're more comparable to italy . 
  birthplace of actual democracy , not modern democracy, 
  * especially * by england, 
  birthplace of modern democracy , fuck yeah, 
  both also love tea and both have the stiff upper lip stereotype . 
  we 're also both known around the worlds for our culture , us for our movies such as james bond , our singers and our comedians , japan for anime , manga and being the birth-place of video games . 
   that we had to win for them at significant monetary and human costs to ourselves wwi was won with british and french lives , wwii was won with russian lives . 
  why do americans always think that they won the war `` for us '' ? 
  gorgeous country , unfortunately it 's run by a retard . 
  kinda puts people off of visiting when your leader has a vendetta against freedom, 
  til that the fifth biggest economy on the planet is n't important . 
  usa too stronk for eu , would fuck up the balance immensely, 
  ^ ^ ^ new zealand ? 
   france has a fairly strong military force , so i think his comments are more directed towards countries like germany and the uk . 
  we 're building two super carriers with f-35s , have some of the most powerful destroyers and submarines in the world , the most extensive power projection capability in europe and spend more on our military than anyone else in europe , what more do you want ? 
  until our two aircraft carriers are complete , they pretty much are , especially the japanese navy . 
  it is n't built for power projection , but they have a fuckton of destroyers . 
  blustering against the truth ? 
  i said japan had their own spat of terrorist attacks , and they did . 
  you 're the one who said `` there was no such period '' , even though there clearly was , while aum shinrikyo was around . 
  i said in my first comment that the attacks were n't as bad as what 's happened in europe , but they did happen , do n't know why you 're being such so pedantic . 
  the other facts i presented are n't verifiable wrong , they did commit those other attacks , and people in the uk do use shitty poundworld locks on bikes that you can break with a thought . 
  you 're right , it was n't a bomb , it was sarin . 
  that was a mistake , not ignorance . 
  i 'm pretty sure i do , or have you never heard of aum shinrikyo . 
  they bombed a train that killed 13 people and seriously injuring 54 , released a cloud of sarin that injured 500 and killed 7 , kidnapped and killed a man underground and almost set off a cyanide device that could have killed 10,000 commuters . 
  they also did a few other things but i ai n't gon na list every single one . 
  i think you 're the one who does n't know what they 're talking about . 
  sure , it was n't as major as the troubles but it was still a thing . 
  in small towns in the uk people leave their bikes unlocked too and use shitty poundworld locks that could be defeated with a slightly aggressive glare . 
  sweden also has a lower murder rate than japan , as do spain and germany . 
   they leave bikes unlocked at the train station . 
  a typical western city is like mad max compared to a typical japanese city okay , japan is safe but it 's not utopia . 
  shit gets stolen , people do n't just leave bikes unlocked at train stations with no worry . 
  new york and london are n't much more dangerous than tokyo . 
  it was n't even that long ago that japan was suffering from some pretty bad terrorist attacks . 
  not as bad as what 's happening here in europe and turkey , but there was a pretty nasty train bombing . 
  i hate it when people pretend that places are so much better/worse than they really are . 
  this is scary as fuck , what the shit estonia ? 
  did you just confuse the usa with liberia ? 
   malia bouattia , the first black muslim to occupy the position black ? 
  very clearly not , but okay . 
  if she thinks isis have n't done enough awful crap to be condemned , she needs to give her head a wobble . 
  if you want to say americans voted for fascism and racism , go ahead , but unless you elaborate and explain how trump is either , you 're just a loud idiot . 
  you ca n't say it was objectively bad until his term is up . 
  even if by sheer luck , it 's possible that he 'll be a better president than clinton . 
  trump being elected is what happens when people get sick of being called racist rednecks for wanting controlled immigration and sensible gun control instead of a total ban . 
  either way , i 'm glad clinton did n't get the presidency . 
  she 's as corrupt as they come and has the nickname warhawk for a reason . 
  i just do n't understand why bernie did n't get to run . 
  he 'd have demolished trump , and he seems like a genuinely decent bloke . 
  democrats fucked themselves by choosing a completely unlikable candidate . 
  you 're certainly not getting any kisses on the cheek from the british or the irish . 
  maybe from the french , if you can put up with the smell . 
  sorry for all the edits in my comment , i just ca n't stop until i 'm happy with it . 
  but yeah , in the eu germany definitely has more clout for sure . 
  nukes and a large military are n't going to give us much influence over neighbors we 're incredibly friendly with . 
  germany being the trade kingpin gives them the edge for sure . 
  yeah , i was thinking more hard power when i said the uk  germany in power . 
  politically , i 'd say the uk actually has more heft than germany , the larger and much more active military probably being the main reason . 
  political influence is n't really quantifiable though , and the uk and germany are too close for it to be easily settled . 
  too easy to debate either way . 
  economically , yeah , it 's not even close . 
  germany is supreme in europe when it comes to gdp and trading . 
  why is this still happening holy crap, 
  well , i mean , a lot of nations are less advanced and much less powerful . 
  like spain , germany , italy , all of africa , all of south america and a lot of asia . 
  we 're not actually losing our minds , it 's just that the grand tour comes out soon . 
  we 're excited . 
  it 'd be more like the uk now lives next-door as a grumpy neighbor instead of in the same house as everyone else . 
  we 're not abandoning europe entirely . 
  i 'm not asking everyone to pretend everything will be the same , but it 's not like europe and the uk are at each other 's throats now either . 
  the uk and europe will remain close no matter what . 
  it was a middle-finger to the eu , not europe . 
  norway does n't want to join the eu either , but they 're still bffs with their european neighbours . 
  anyway , this is an appreciation thread , even if you disagree with current events , there must still be some things that you like the yanks for . 
  well , fair enough . 
  well , here and in the us , people were given two options and we both voted for the one that most foreign people disagree with , and a lot of them have good reasons for disagreeing with what 's happened . 
  trump 's election and brexit were n't * objectively * bad decisions . 
  nobody knows exactly how this is going to pan out . 
  some people were just disenfranchised and spoke with their vote . 
  ca n't hate them for that . 
  hopefully we do n't go all the way with a hard brexit . 
  nothing wrong with easy trade between us and europe . 
  lots of european countries have made mistakes too , but i still respect every single one . 
  except for france , obviously . 
  ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ really this is an appreciation thread , not a cry for attention . 
  i mean , i 'm not even american . 
  i just saw the uk thread and thought it was a nice idea . 
  well , the uk is responsible for inventing radar , jet engines , the world wide web , it started the industrial revolution and revolutionized the scientific world with its many great scientists ( civ reference not intended ) .
