  it 's basically all bollocks . 
  lol no . 
   either of whom will do the job better than me . 
  or cheaper . 
  pretty sure this is just banter . 
  germany really wants that army they wo n't have to pay for . 
  unfortunately amongst some working class the polish are seen as scabs who undermine employment rights and reduce jobs that were well paid down to minimum wage . 
  pay better wages . 
  lol no reply corporations . 
  i think the netherlands and italy can be answered by fake tan . 
  so what we learn from this is people still ( mostly ) think england = uk . 
  we need to build a tunnel to somewhere else . 
  `` and nor is holland . '', 
  being from northern ireland i feel your pain with the uk being referred to as britain or great britain . 
  the excuse that is used when we sell weapons to dodgy places is if we do n't the french will . 
  so really it 's france 's fault . 
  it 's a handful of attacks in a country of 60 million , it should n't happen but it will no matter what anybody does . 
  americans love to play the anti-american card as it allows them to dismiss an arguement without engaging with it intellectually . 
  it 'll be like nato with most countries not paying their fair share . 
  not our problem . 
  mother use to make me and my brothers wear balaclavas going to to school to keep warm . 
  true story . 
  today / r/europe learned that people of persian descent can be right wing . 
  the ioc is as bad as fifa . 
  as long as you agree to call it gridiron football . 
  same thing in northern ireland . 
  we get an extra 10billion a year and it 's still not enough . 
  [ best of boris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00mvvivr38k ), 
  it annoys the continetals which is a popular hobby in the uk . 
  you can dump them into the sea for all we care . 
  there would n't have been a vote to brexit to start with . 
  heaven has another angel . 
  the 3 welsh goal scorers were all born in england according to some guy . 
  i 'm sure merkel and hollande disagree . 
  the smaller countries should get together before summits and decide a common position the way germany and france do if they want to leverage what little power they have . 
  its an insult that people call the conservatives . 
  edit tory comes from the irish word t\u00f3raidhe ' which means robber . 
  england fans * no need to to drag wales and northern ireland into it . 
  unionists acknowledge the republic of ireland i 'm not sure what you 're on about . 
  edit : typo, 
  they voted to exit, 
   corbyn is a nice guy other than his support for irish terrorism of course . 
  the banter for the last few days has been great . 
  which large business pays even 12.5 % anywhere . 
  is this not more to do with ireland allowing business to funnel money to the netherlands and avoid paying taxes . 
  shame there 's fuck all they can do about it . 
  chaos is fun . 
  the full irish is just a rip off , of the `` full '' english and the ulster fry . 
  there were a bunch of countries that agreed with the uk 's objections to different issues but said nothing and let the uk take the flak as the bad european . 
  will be interesting to see if any of them will be brave enough to object in future . 
  beans are better than all that foreign tosh anyway . 
  people only care about gibraltar as a way to piss off the spanish, 
  not unless hell freezes over . 
  most of the smuggling into spain from gibraltar is by spanish . 
  farage wasnt a part of johnson 's campaign . 
  the uk has wanted to get rid of ni for the last 100 years , they 'd be glad we were gone . 
  seems as partisan as the rest . 
  so much for having a more sensible debate and not ratcheting things up . 
  norway 's a small country whatever say they would have if they joined would make fuck all difference anyway . 
  the secretary of state has to decide that yes to a united ireland is likely to win before she can allow a border poll to happen . 
  were n't the french also involved in the rioting ? 
  i wondered how long before this circlejerk started . 
  do n't russians drink tea with jam in it ? 
   why is the german government so pro-russian ? 
  gas . 
  lets not start this shit again . 
  i thought they already had 50 % debt relief . 
  edit : [ this is what i was thinking of : eurozone crisis : banks agree 50 % reduction on greece 's debt ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/27/eurozone-crisis-banks-50-greece ), 
  germany invited them germany can pay for them . 
  usually the people who ask what about america are us-americans . 
  the dublin government has learnt from the last time . 
  potatoe famine , get over it . 
  potatoe bread , soda bread wheaten farls , barmbrack , slims , veda , petrol bombs and knee cappings . 
  only the media in the uk even try to pretend to care about eurovision as it gives them something to talk about for a few days . 
  it 's for the best . 
  drugs ronaldo, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  terrorists *, 
  the eu sells more to the uk than the uk sells to the eu , if it does come down to the wto rules we can subsidise business selling in the eu with the money taken in from wto tariffs . 
  is this really the top of all or is it just because i have 80 + subreddits filtered out . 
  couldnt he have just pointed out that lots of countries have free trade deals without free movement, 
   they make a desert and call it ` peace ' . 
  that 's a cracking line . 
  i 'm going to use it at some point and pretend i came up with it . 
  i 'll have a crack at it if the pm is stuck for someone . 
  personally i would withdraw all military and intelligence co-operation and offer to do a deal when the russian tanks threaten to roll into the eu . 
  where do i send my cv ? 
  do it for the lulz if nothing else . 
  some minor points * ireland wasnt united until the english came along . 
  * the scottish were forced over but the scots originally came from ulster in the first place . 
  * the subsidy figure is disputed but thought to be between 8-10bn not 12bn , sinn fein say they can get it down to # 4bn some how . 
  * the largest share of land when the english was dividing it up went to a number of roman catholics . 
  i ca n't remember who though , i vaguely remember it from highschool * the reason the british kept 6 counties was to give some protection to the protestant people from their roman catholic neighbours . 
  and they 've been trying to think of ways to sell us out since , churchill tried it twice . 
  maybe people realised it was pointless virtue signalling . 
  brexit means breakfast !, 
  the first country to break euro zone rules was germany . 
   we kinda got dragged into this by the rest of the uk .
