  no , both poland and ukraine admit what they did to each other + maybe some sort of commemoration on both sides, 
  [ actually i did n't . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/374ket/exit_poll_andrzej_duda_wins_the_second_round_of/crjo02v ) but the examples above ca n't be even explained by lack of knowledge or very bad sense of economy or stg like that . 
  in democratic countries they are imo intolerable practices . 
  / u/dclauzel likes to post bilingual comments, 
  you might be right . 
  it 's difficult to judge until we see him in action . 
   do n't forget it was quite unique situation . 
  nobody know what to expect or behave . 
  in the first moments - yes . 
  but they had 4 years until the russian invasion in ukraine . 
   he believe that domestic violence is polish tradition . 
  yea right, 
  but , but ... 
  i thought pis will introduce death penalty for contraception !, 
  you say they are not total religious fanatics ? 
  how can that be / s, 
  does it mean that mod posts will be now also in french ? 
  ban on investing in polish bonds did n't necessarily mean that ofes needed to be de facto destroyed . 
  ofe were financed from polish citizens ' money so it means that their investments in state bonds were effectively state borrowing money from its citizens . 
  as the state is funding the debt from our taxes it became a some sort of a very weird redistributional tax . 
  edit : grammar, 
  it was shit , but now it 's even shittier . 
  they should go in other direction . 
  money would be a problem but they just postponed the suffering . 
  i like that duda won because it may finally end po 's arrogance . 
  i do n't tolerate shit they were throwing in our face in recent years . 
  examples : tapes revealing they * indeed * send provocateurs to nationalists ' independence march - no reaction ; wreck of polish presidential airplane still in russia after 5 years , investigation based on proofs handed over by russians - lol are you a conspiretard ? 
  ; strange results of regional elections - we wo n't clear this up , it 's mad pis which destroys the democracy ; a weekly publishes inconvenient recordings - let 's send special forces to its hq sometimes it feels like a fucking 3rd world country, 
  the only talks about electoral fraud were with the regional elections , not entirely unreasonable tbh, 
  geralt = kukiz confirmed ? 
  i mean things like ofe . 
  they destroyed private pension funds which accumulated wealth instead of giving it to current pensioners , which in long-term is a kill for pension system given our demographics . 
  but !, 
  a few billions into the budget , lower debt , yay !, 
  more realpolitik . 
  pro-energy union , against euro . 
  more anti-putin/russia , pro-ukraine than komorowski . 
  stronger nato presence in poland . 
  contracts for polish military equipment to be realised in poland if possible . 
  he 's our country 's representative and also a commander of the army ( idk if translated properly this title ) . 
  these elections were elections of no-names , really . 
  imo they were inspired by komorowski in 2010 . 
  even minor parties did n't register their leaders and candidates . 
  and sld went full mad with ogorek ( wtf were they even thinking ), 
  he had 8 years to learn it from po . 
  [ godwins law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin%27s_law ) ? 
  hitler was n't even catholic, 
  he was supported by pm kopacz , tusk and coalition parties , got money for campaign . 
  i 'd say he had no less support from his party than duda . 
  to clear up : * a conservative * less eurosceptic than cameron * he also says he 's open to dialogue , compromise and already backed out of his restrictive anti-in vitro idea , but imo he will be pro-catholic anyway * he wo n't introduce very strong social security system because : * president has little legislative power * there 's no money for that, 
  finally . 
  i hope well sort this out as we did with germans . 
  you mistake capitalism for corruption, 
  the whole concept of state marriage is a nonsense in modern times . 
  if we want equality then we should n't treat married couples differently than other people but then there is no point in state marriage anymore as it would only create problems with who can marry and who ca n't etc. 
  that certain socioeconomic group are poor white people according to wikipedia . 
  and what does it change ? 
  it 's a derogatory term , like ` niggers ' , but the difference is one would n't get upvoted have he used this term in a discussion . 
  also on state funding political parties and awaited changes of tax law . 
  what 's funnier is that they were announced by the president just one day after he lost the 1st turn of the election , and he and his party did n't agree for * any * referendum since he became our head of state, 
  it is ok now to call people ` trash ' given that they are white ? 
  / r/estonianflags, 
  other than result inconsistent with exit polls , very high number of invalid votes , failure of it system , a week of waiting for official results , appearing and disappearing ballots with no explanation in a few commissions - there is no evidence . 
  and according to the government and komorowski it was just ` technical difficulties ' , nothing wrong could have happened , there is nothing to worry about , everything is fine and who thinks otherwise is mad and anti-state . 
   at least he is n't stupid enough to reveal a list of secret spies outside of polish borders , jesus fucking christ . 
  have you seen the wsi report you 're talking about ? 
  wsi was some deep shit full of traitors and russian spies , it 's good that it was dismantled . 
  you mean that province of the [ greater commonwealth ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/wielkapedia/images/a/ae/mapapol.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140108175046 ) ? 
  the material ip rights are there to ensure that artists get money for their work , but it seems that politicians and corporations totally forgot about that . 
  there 's no public debate about ip which is ridiculous . 
  current ip law protects artist 's rights years after his * death * and no one thinks it is weird ? 
  that escalated quickly ... 
  komorowski allowed the government to destroy ofes ( private pension funds ) to temporarily help zus ( state-owned pension fund ) . 
  that 's really short-sighted . 
  and he allowed the government to run that massive deficit you are talking about . 
  he said he will initiate the legislation ( which is stg he can do ), 
   but will increase quality of politicians in these parties significantly . 
    hahahahahaha , i 'm choking as much as i 'm against fptp jows myself , this part may have some truth in it . 
  currently people in parties who write lists of party candidates have too much power . 
  i know two mps from one party ( different electoral districts though ) - one actually helps people , the other one stole a good bit of money . 
  some people refuse to vote on the first mp because that would mean voting on * that party * . 
  the second one is a scum , but he has a guaranteed seat in sejm because of his position on the lists . 
   there were no ads , no billboards , nothing . 
  maybe it depend on where you live ? 
  i 've seen komorowski 's face very often where i live , but only duda when i was in subcarpathian ( podkarpackie ) voivodship . 
  single member districts can have better voting system than fptp , e.g. 
  alternative vote . 
  but it 's poland so no one even mentions it :(, 
  i feel that komorowski and po also have no program whatsoever . 
  government may change in the parliamentary elections which are also this year . 
  kukiz will lose all credibility if he supports either candidate , and he said he has some plans for the future , so imo he 's not going to do it . 
  komorowski is too much a government 's puppy rather than president imho . 
  he should react when sejm passes shitty laws or when government messes with the elections . 
   as far as i am concerned this is according to international law . 
  even if it is one can always call for international investigation , because why not ? 
   even if not i can not see how else could this be done . 
  for instance imagine russian plane crush in poland . 
  would you allow russian investigators to interrogate poles ? 
  if those poles would agree then why not  give em free access to strategic facilities ( like airports ) ?
