  it 's a tradeoff . 
  yeah , imo we can join the advantages of the two systems , in a way similar to switzerland - foreign affairs , military , currency , other things that affect the whole unon ( e.g. 
  energy union ) would be common , other things would be left for the states . 
  but now it 's all the other way around : militaries and foreign affairs are mantained by states , but many specialised laws are discussed in brussels . 
  it all heavily depends on how it would be implemented . 
  disproven ? 
  i did n't get the info from rt , so i believe it 's ~ ~ all ~ ~ * mostly * legit . 
  edit, 
  restrictions on using cinnamon . 
  ban on smoking meats . 
  carrots are classified as fruits and snails as fish . 
  eu tried to enforce ban on skewed bananas . 
  pigs need to have toys , balls etc. 
  so they do n't get bored . 
  instructions how tu use a ladder . 
  eu also invented \u0142oscypeks , because traditional highlanders ' oscypek is now regional product and ca n't be sold without certificate , that most people ( including highlanders ) do n't bother to get . 
  so i was misled by dictionary , but eu still does have all the defects i mentioned above, 
  the smaller the state , the more one man influence its politics . 
  in eu one mep represents 700 000 people , in poland one mp represents 47 000 people , in estonia it 's 13 000 people . 
  so , theoretically , you need 4 times less people to have representation in estonian parliament , than in polish , and 50 times less than in ep . 
   that 's just a platitude . 
  the eu runs on approximately 1 % of gdp but provides the framework of many if not most laws . 
  i 'd say the eu is by far the most efficient government level for most states . 
  but do we need so much laws ? 
  and ca n't eu run on 0,5 % of gdp ? 
  eu spend 250 mln $ annually on moving parliament between strasbourg and brussels , why ? 
  efficient means also quick reactions , not being blocked by nations ' self-interests , ability for people to influence politics ( 1 mln of signatures for law project , really ? 
  ) , not putting in place tonnes of laws , often stupid and harming the market . 
  edit : damn english , `` efficient '' does n't mean exactly what i thought it does ( `` effective '' ) . 
  ok , thanks , 
   gay far-right jew nazi white supremacist supporting the kyiv-nazis . 
  ftfy, 
  i do n't believe bosnia and herzegovina or ireland did n't have older cities ( bih were partially in roman empire , and what , nothing ? 
  ireland found the first city just a few years before iceland ? ), 
  btw vatican city - 753 bc :d, 
  no , just a shapeless sharp , about 4 cm long, 
  [ polish-soviet war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war ) ukraine got `` anihilated in the process '', 
  started the whole ussr thing . 
  and went on war with ukraine ( & poland ) . 
  in western europe they may stay , but in the east is a thing . 
  it 's a gift from a person who were there at the time , 
  lenin in kyiv is down too :d i have a piece of it at home, 
   a free and independent country fore more than a thousand years hardly any nation can say it about itself, 
  let 's not start a shitstorm about who built those universities and whose they are . 
  lviv is now in ukraine and university in that city started in 1661 . 
  that 's it . 
  you have to identify problems that allow antidemocratic groups to brainwash people . 
  try to fix economy ( i 'm looking at you , germany ... ) , do n't warmonger ( russia ) , etc. 
   no , because drogheda f.c. 
  fans are not a protected minority . 
  why not ? 
   racial and homophobic violence is more common , more serious , and more oppressive . 
  would n't agree . 
   should democratic countries allow groups who wish to destroy said democracy ? 
  it 's not an easy question . 
    yes , it is , and the answer is `` yes '' . 
  if your people is so little convinced about democracy that such propaganda would sway them , your democracy is dead to begin with . 
  but then , is it better to try to fix it , or allow your democracy `` to die '' ? 
  especially knowing what death of democracy can lead to ? 
  if someone attacks person because of their favourite sports club/hair colour/whatever , but not their orientation , race or religion , is it considered a `` hate crime '' in ireland ? 
   because it discourages prejudice and gives oppressed classes more protection imho the best protection would be to ommit mentioning sexual orientation ( race , sex etc. ), 
  in law overall . 
  equality before the law . 
  so , intentionally beating other , innocent person should be punished the same , no matter if it happened because someone was gay or because someone wore other club 's scarf . 
   i can see where you 're coming from , tho . 
  and i can see where are you from . 
  what 's your point ? 
  edit : notice that for example fans of a certain club can be a minority in a city . 
  are they oppressed class ? 
  should be special law made to protect them ? 
  there are plenty of minorities and there is plenty of reasons why stupid people would attack someone . 
  well , if that 's the meaning of the law , i 'm against it . 
  why violence against gays should be treated harsher than that against other people ? 
  what does ` law against homosexual hate crimes ' mean , exactly ? 
  buses are not marshrutkas , they have stops and price of ticket depends on where you are going . 
  nope , soviets and communism were so evil compared to west that they did n't really need to lie . 
  you know , there 's a [ whole site dedicated to it ] ( http://www.stopfake.org/en/news ) ? 
  ( it 's also available in russian ), 
  the threshold needed does n't directly follow country population . 
  you would still need at least 4500 signatures in e.g. 
  estonia :(, 
  legalisation of marijuana is probably the only issue , that far-left and far-right agree on . 
  for poland predefined threshold was 38k then . 
   i always wonder , why in the name of jebus would you vote republican in the us . 
  what do american republicans have with putin ? 
  it makes poland look like theocracy . 
  but in fact it 's just democracy in christian-majority country . 
  btw . 
  there is sexual education in polish schools . 
  in poland , we are mad about being ` relevant ' and what foreigners think about poland . 
  the best way to discredit political party is to found some foreigners ' critique or say ` they are ashaming us in the eyes of europe ' ps . 
  and we are n't even that small . 
  depends on what you mean by `` giving more '' . 
  when someone starts a small company , he gives a few people opportunity to work . 
  these people 's unemployment is undoubtly worthless , so the start-up actually gives their labour some worth . 
  but the enterpreneur works as well . 
  he takes all risk on himself , and that 's why he should get profit from the company . 
  this risk is actually quite big - ~ 80 % of start-ups fail in first 5 yrs . 
  if it were n't for the risk , the workers could open a shared company and get 100 % of their `` labour worth '' . 
  but there is risk , so they ca n't get it .
