  yeah , but in the end it 's eu countries that pay for esa and eu institutions . 
  does it mean eu spends over 4 bln $ on maitaining itself ?!, 
  how ? 
  that 's more than esa budget !, 
  so much bullshit !, 
   there is no denying there were a lot of people voting . 
  false ; fewer voting stations cause longer queues ;  they know what they have with the russians . 
  they might not like it ( i would n't ) , but fear the fascists more . 
  the fascists they have never met or seen , but only hear of in russian tv ? 
   keep in mind that some nazis just recently burned a house full of people ( whatever the circumstance ) there were molotov cocktails throwing from both sides and the building caught fire , regretful , but it was n't like they came to burn them for being pro-russian . 
   who were actually citizens of odessa . 
  false ; most of pro-russians in odessa were from russia and transdnistria  there is no opposition to the nazis in the current government . 
  do n't tell me you would n't be afraid as well . 
  false ; udar and batkivshchyna are n't nationalists . 
   again , their main problem lies with the government in kiew , and i ca n't blame them for that . 
  their problem lies in their minds ; they have been brainwashed by soviets ( there are people like that in poland , ostly from former pgrs , but they are a very small minority ; soviets were really experienced in destroying minds - that 's one of the worst effects of their politics ) and i ca n't blame for that . 
   oh and there was manipulation i 'm sure , but will this not be the case when nationalist extremists want to get in power in two weeks ? 
  in english it 's `` whataboutism '' , right ? 
  in poland we say `` in usa they beat niggers ! '', 
  you could not get it before the referendum , but ** 89 % ** ? 
  like , seriously ?!, 
  almost the same result as in crimea , where 60 % of population was russian !, 
  i 's just ridiculous to ask why it 's questioned !, 
  ukrainians in west lived under soviet rule for over 40 years and another 25 in corrupted state , but they somehow managed not to start a civil war . 
  that 's why we could expect donbas might have accepted that . 
  but new government * did n't really have chance * to opress them , when they started rebelion . 
  i 'm sure pavel gubarev will help protect donetsk from fascists !, 
  we are talking about professors of the most prestigous university in poland . 
  and professors made as much scene about it as media , bringing out the case from a year ago . 
  also , uj seems to be quite conservative environment ( as the whole cracow ) , and you ca n't expect them to break their rules of not giving doctorates h. c. to active politicians for the chosen one , who most of them do n't agree with . 
  fun fact : it was the jury , who gave austria no points from poland , our public gave it 4th place . 
  but on the map it looks like we did n't like them because of traditionalism and conservatism . 
  soviet union existed before stalin and was starving because of the * existing * war communism . 
  i wonder how the results would look like without jury, 
  would have scored better if it was n't for czechs and slovaks ... damn !, 
  i guess it 's my new favourite czech party , the former one being `` strana m\u00edrn\u00e9ho pokroku v mez\u00edch z\u00e1kona '' . 
  you have awesome politics !, 
  they managed to do it in their country , so why not in the whole world after they conquer it ? 
  do you really believe germans were able to conquer the world and make all other nations their slaves ? 
  idk about other countries , but only in poland : soviets deportated most of the germans , settled many poles that were forced to move from what was before ww2 poland ( kresy wschodnie , `` east ends '' - that 's how it 's called in poland ) into gained on germans lands ( called `` regained lands '' - propaganda was recalling the shape of poland from xi century ) ; most of ukrainians were deported to ussr ; the rest in action `` vistula '' ( 1947 ) - ukrainans , lemkos , and some poles with anti-communist views were deported from lesser poland/lemkovyna and dispersed onto `` regained lands '' to work in kolkhozes ; then in 1968 jews were expelled from the country . 
  that 's why poland has so little ethnic minorities comapared to its multicultural past . 
  had soviets succeeded in 1920 , the world would be communist and most of the capitalist would be dead . 
  but soviets were n't able to hold the `` ideal '' communism in their own country for a few years and had to allow a little private property to not starve . 
  i doubt hitler would realise his plan for extermination of all slavs , if he had won . 
  that was his plan , but we can only speculate , what would happen . 
  anyway , imo we should n't be grateful for soviets for rescuing slavs from extermination , since actually they exterminated more slavs than hitler , just because they did n't want to be enslaved by them . 
  they were n't any better than nazi . 
   the populations in what became of the warsaw pact did not face forced relocation actually , they did . 
  if you think about it as the choice between stupid people chosing government or deciding on their own lifes only , it does seem right . 
  everything is right until  the presence of people with disabilities in public life he is known for controversial statements . 
  what her really said was , that in his opinion there should be no paralympics , because it 's like `` chess contest for idiots '' . 
  and he said that he 's against women right to vote , becuase he 's against democracy overall . 
  on the other hand there 's much fun , when some left-wing radicals try to discuss with him and fail miserably ( it 's called in poland `` mia\u017cd\u017cenie lewaka '' - `` crushing the far-lefts '' ) . 
  despite appearnace he is intelligent man , and treats elections kind of like fun , and does n't really seem to want to win . 
  you have bringed out the events from ww2 , when the discussion is about the economy in between the wars . 
  it seems you are escpecially sensitive about that case . 
  well , polish internet is recently massively bombarded by anti-ukrainian propaganda reminding about volhyn mssacre . 
  i do n't deny these events ; but i saw no point in recalling them in this thread and i do n't think they are evidence that ukrainians are some kind of `` worse '' people . 
  many nations in the world have blood on their hands ( and poles can be proud , that in their situation they have so little ) , and ukrainians are not an exception . 
  but if you would have to point out any nation in the interwar , which caused most damage to polish economy , you have germans on one side and russians on the other . 
  poland would n't have a problem with ukrainians , if they had their own country or be in federation with poland ( pilsudski 's idea ) . 
  but of course polish nationalists had to make one , big , powerful state . 
   23 years they have their state now , starting at being more developed than poland was . 
  all they managed to do was to waste everything , proving that they do n't deserve their own country . 
  no army investments to explain the constant economic catastrophe , unless they were courses in professional surrendering . 
  yeah , it 's not like there were 50 years of sovietization , and destroying of nation . 
  and ukrainians twice were trying to change that ( orange revolution , and now euromaidan ) . 
  and look on the map : who makes majority of those homo sovieticus ruining the country , acting against it , antipatriots ? 
  yes , people from east ukraine , that were brainwashed by russians or are russians themselves , resettled there by stalin . 
  youth and western ukrainians want to change that ( you must have heard of euromaidan for god 's sake ) . 
   ukraine could n't be conquered by poland , nor by ussr , because such country did n't exist before 1991 . 
  the nationality itself is a xix century invention mostly by bored serfs , like shevchenko . 
  there were n't ukrainian nobility , because most of it were destroyed ( thanks , mongols ) or polonised ( like lithuanian ) . 
  but do n't try to say slovaks , lithuanians , belarussians , latvians are not nations , becuase they were serfs . 
  most poles were serfs too ( 80 % iirc ) . 
  there was west ukrainian people 's republic fighting with poland ( see : orl\u0119ta lwowskie ) and ukrainian people 's republic ( allied with poland in pl-soviet war , which many poles do n't remember ) . 
   poland : $ 6,154 ( 40 % ) wish it was so high . 
  or in poland there would be actually so much purchasing power if there was something to buy . 
  i 'd add to that : 5 . 
  poland started as country in economic disaster , after being the theater of the eastern front in world war i it had to fight with soviet russia in 1919-1921 , people in west in greater poland and upper silesia had to fight on their own to become part of poland , add to this hiperinflation ( new currency was established in 1924 ) , making country from 3 regions , each with its own economic situation , lack of infrastructure ( the existing one was built with old borders in mind ) , need for new seaport , as gdansk happened to be outside the country , polish-german customs war , isolation from lithuania ( vilnius ) and ussr ( communism ) . 
  and then great crisis in the very same decade , so economic situation became more stable just before ww2 . 
  bad economic policies : economic interventionism and failed land reform , while big part of society were still poor peasants . 
  on the other hand poland had some successes in integrating the country , and started fast industralization ( central industrial region ) . 
  edit :  of all these , ukrainians were the biggest problem . 
  most aggressive , most uneducated . 
  during the war , they were an enormous help to the germans they were as aggresive and uneducated as poles during the partition times . 
  the ukrainian country in west was conquered by poland and in east by soviets . 
  then before you portray them as `` those bad guys '' , guess , who fought both soviets and poles during ww2 ? 
  who could they ally with ? 
  then duing the war they also started fighting germans , when germany did n't agree to allow independent ukrainan state . 
  edit 2 : generally , life in the cities was maybe a bit worse than in western europe ( warsaw was called `` paris of the north '' ) , while life in rural areas was by far worse . 
  or like those in cyprus ( and greece , romania and bulgaria ) , right ? 
  500 pages ?!, 
  that 's like the wole book about harry potter !, 
  i bet it 's possible to make it less than that . 
  you confuse bar code with isbn ( book numbering system ), 
  confederation of independent states with own armies , criminal laws , lanuages , healthcare etc. 
  and right to secede . 
  there is no european nation . 
  structure similar to swiss cantons .
