  or a position similar to that in polish law ( no abortion except for rape , health danger or fatally ill child )  this is what we are seeing in this thread : a guy ( who , if i remember correctly , is an ultraconservative ) arguing that abortion = murder and thus should be illegal maybe because if you consider fetus a human it basically is . 
   neither science nor ethics really support that position . 
   the pro-abortion camp is n't the one being unreasonable here . 
  the pro-life is n't either . 
   , shared history and culture . 
  * looks at japan * imo similar values is enough to be `` western country '', 
   i wonder if , in the internet era , it is easier to manipulate crowds that have their own alphabets ? 
  it seems to be harder for free media to reach them . 
  it 's a matter of language rather than alphabet . 
  you learn the alphabet when learning language . 
  plus , we have our own alphabet ( called latin alphabet ) and still get information from greece , ukraine etc. 
   take for example : china , russia , north korea , arabic countries . . japan , ukraine , south korea , some other arabic countries, 
  see what you just did ? 
  that 's the point . 
  ecj and european consitution can say * they * supersede national laws , but individual countries ( most of them ) say something else in their respective constitutions ( see : [ art . 
  8.1 of constitution of republic of poland ] ( http://www.sejm.gov.pl/prawo/konst/polski/kon1.htm ) ) . 
  also , the judgement of constitutional court : `` ani art . 
  1 , ani art . 
  tl ; dr : constitution  allowing eu to make laws that supersede polish laws ), 
  what do you mean by supremacy ? 
  if there was a case in eu country , in which constitution would conflict eu law , then constitution would act . 
  you 're right . 
  there is not . 
  i know that many people here would love to see federated eu so that may explain the downvotes , but for now we are still a bunch of cooperating countries . 
  afaik eu is not a federation yet , and in sovereign state constitution is above all other laws . 
  if eu law conflicts with the constitution then the country must change its constitution , leave the eu or negotiate some sort of solution with other members . 
   at least 20 % of all constituents need to vote for the law to be repealed . 
  slovenia got it right . 
  in warsaw the referendum to remove its president from office was boycotted by her supporters . 
  referendum was invalid ( 29 % turnout was required , 27 % voted ) , so she stayed in office , but if she had got a few more votes of support she would lose . 
  a few basic principles of democracy were broken , but no one gave a shit . 
   no , soviet union was just a name of a communist russian empire . 
  every republic was equal but russians were more equal . 
  russia ran the ussr , kept it together , forced other countries in , and is responsible for its empire . 
  a communist empire - surely . 
  but russian - not so much . 
  that modern russians like to identify themselves as the continuators of the soviet legacy does n't mean that su was russia . 
  russians were more equal but they were still treated like shit . 
  the point is : su was n't a nation state . 
  it was run by people of different ethnic backgrounds ( hell , even stalin was n't russian ) , who wanted power and influence - they did n't care for russian nation ( one of the soviet regime goals was actually to create one nationality for all people of the su ) . 
  so in short - yeah , russia as a state is responsible for what the su did , but it was n't the su in the 80s and it certainly was n't operating a power plant in ukraine . 
  there is an important distinction between taking the responsibility for stg and being something . 
  depends on what do you mean by ` being german ' . 
  the foundation of the nazi state was the idea that germans are a superior nation and the goal of the nazi ideology was to ensure that germans become the privileged nation in europe . 
  it was a nation state to the core , in the most hardcore way . 
  on the other hand , while russia was certainly the most dominant republic in the ussr we ca n't equal these two entities . 
  the goal of the ussr was global dominance , but that did not have a national component in it . 
  of course , russians as a nation often had an advantage over kazakhs , estonians , poles etc. 
  when it came to e.g. 
  gaining higher offices in state institutions or travel permits , but that was because soviet authorities knew they could be more trusted to do certain jobs for them , not because they were nationalistic . 
  usually ukrainians and belarussians had the same privileges . 
  also , the su tried to eradicate ethnicity in the long-term ( _ new soviet man _ was the concept that were to replace all the different ethnic identifications ) . 
  this was partially succesful and in modern russia this has sorta ` merged ' with russian identity , in independent belarus and ukraine it clashed with the idea of returning to respective ethnic identities - and the outcomes were wildly different as we can observe now . 
  but the point is - the su was n't a nation state . 
  but the thing is it was n't actually russia 's fault . 
  russia 's fault was that they conquered ukraine in ~ 1920 and that they become soviet union , but badly constructed reactor and operators ' lack of knowledge of the reactor was just an _ indirect _ effect of the way soviet union worked . 
  and remember that the su while it was an oppressive and totalitarian regime , it was n't a _ russian state _ . 
  look up e.g. 
  the idea of _ soviet man _ . 
  clearly the soviet state was n't _ russia _ . 
  however , russia is the successor country of the ussr , its former dominant republic and is one of countries that try to preserve the legacy of the su . 
  that 's why we ask them to recognise and apologise for soviet crimes - not because they were russian crimes , but because if russia claims the heritage of su and with it comes the duty to acknowledge what su was and the ability to apologise in its name . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in charnobyl there was no deliberate action taken by then-part of ussr against ukraine . 
  as much as i despise modern russia i must admit this particular statement is really unfair . 
  the meltdown happened during the soviet era and was n't made deliberately against the ukrainian nation . 
  hell , it 's actually belarus which suffered most damage . 
  but can compete on giving energy when there are clouds an is not windy tho, 
  hungarian 25 % require 25 % turnout if 100 % vote no and 50 % turnout if the vote is split 50-50 . 
  dutch 30 % require 30 % regardless of how they vote . 
  all eastern europeans teamed up with western european far-right ? 
  apparently only in the west there can be different opinions and in the east we are all a xenophobic right-wing bunch . 
   you have to understand that we do n't care about ukraine . 
  how can they even say something like that . 
  hey ukraine , it 's nothing personal , we will just put your security , your hopes and aspirations , future of your children at risk , because we want to show a sign for the eu that we do n't like them as much as we used to , and you conveniently happened to be signing a treaty with the eu  . 
  read again , please . 
   it should be a minimum amount of votes for either side like in hungary , e.g. 
  25 % of eligible voters must vote for either side for referendum to be valid . 
  the best thing about such threshold is that it actually makes any sense , while the one used in the netherlands and in poland ( sadly ) does not . 
  blame the netherlands for not putting lisbon treaty to the referendum . 
  it 's not like eu forced the nl to do anything, 
  i do n't understand how could anyone with a brain came up with this 30 % turnout rule . 
  it should be a minimum amount of votes for either side , or we end up with situations like these . 
  it was n't just ' a crop failure ' . 
  as far as i know a law that allows for death penalty for a mere possession of any food is not a natural occurence . 
  this whole artifically created famine hit all nationalities because it was targeted primarily at kulaks , though stalin was certainly happy being able to curb ukrainian nationalism at the same time . 
  a number of especially repressive policies were adopted in ukrainian srr only . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/causes_of_the_holodomor#deliberate_targeting_of_ukrainians ) and no , electrification does not justify genocide . 
  that 's sick . 
  it 's not the fault of the society but of the system . 
  the eu is ruled by a number of bodies weirdly elected - directly , indirectly , on national level , on european level , in european commission with one country one member rule ( wtf ) ; their relationships are complicated and poorly understood . 
  when it comes to elections : in the european parliament there is only one representative for half a million people . 
  this representative is elected as a member of his local national-level party . 
  couple it with the fact that the ep main focus lies on matters that rarely get public attention and that it is 14 times more regionally divided than the belgian one and you end up with a mess with lobbyists bribing political pensioners . 
  afaik collecting vat in country of delivery was supposed to prevent big companies `` cheat '' by registering in low-vat eu countries , but it seems that it actually disadvantages start-ups . 
  one more reason for why it 's easier to start a successful tech company in the us . 
  imo something is wrong with the eu political system . 
  stupid laws like these should not pass . 
  edit : [ more from the same blog on vatmoss ] ( https://remysharp.com/2014/12/30/vatmoss-proof ), 
  one would thought that after all these years humanity would learn that even if you have the advantage going to war is usually still the worst option .
