  allowing killing people because of some people 's beliefs is stupid two-sided coin . 
  you should be more respectful of other people 's opinion even if you disagree . 
  what you described is not religious beliefs but just stupidity . 
  you talk about kievan rus which in middle ages spanned from western ukraine to novgorod ( near petersburg ) but when tatars invaded it sorta broke and emerged later as ukraine , belarus and russia . 
  it was inhabited by slavs who in fact pushed uralics going east, 
  it seems that every country thinks it drinks the most ( except the muslim ones ), 
  imo you shoud n't cut the map in header on ural , now it looks like europe is an island or something . 
  i do n't talk about trust, 
  me neither but i do n't like generalisation, 
  except when you meet a roma who happens not to be a thief and you judge him because of his ethnicity . 
  that 's racism . 
   he explains the problems with voting online in the video as well , did you watch it ? 
  in fact , voting online is worse . 
  estonia has a normally working conventional system , i-voting is optional and votes casted over the internet are be overwritten if the voter votes physically . 
   ok , there 's less people interested in trying to lunch a cyber-attack in local government , but then again , it only takes 1 person to change the result of the election . 
  i meant that at local level the electoral commissions at polling stations sometimes are friends/employees of one of the candidates . 
  they ca n't change the result of internet voting , but can that of traditional voting . 
   and there 's a big problem with e-voting and voting online , you can only say that because you trust the software , but are the people writing it and checking it trustworthy ? 
  writing it - yes , because it 's open source . 
  checking it - i can trust them as much as i trust those who count the votes . 
  estonia has internet voting , not e-voting . 
  tom scott 's argument falls when we talk about regional elections , where you do n't need a nation-wide conspiracy to significantly change the outcomes . 
  estonian elections has so far not let to any controversial results iirc . 
  imo that 's not exactly the case . 
  recently it is po which is more ` angry ' ( i 'm thinking of komorowski 's campaign and his ` struggle ' to ` fight ' ` radical poland ' ) . 
  these elections also showed that pis is no more a party of old hard-conservatives only . 
  also i find the accusations of authoritarianism a bit ridiculous . 
  i do n't recall anything that would imply them being anti-democratic, 
  there 's too much whining in this article instead of factual content imo . 
  one may get an impression that komorowski lost the election just because he had bad campaign , which did not meet irrational expectations of young people . 
  that 's because the whole article is written with hidden assumption that civic platform is * the * rational , stable , enlightened side of polish politics , while pis represents what is worst . 
  actually there were many jews in communist regimes , and one of the reasons of 1968 campaign was that gomu\u0142ka wanted to get rid of his enemies in the party . 
  too complex . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfdztzqvuco ) may be better cause its straight-forward enough for such people to understand ( hopefully ) . 
  then why do n't you remove it ? 
  he has a kill count similar to stalin , hitler or mao and you guys still have statues of him . 
  russian orthodox church will never stop to surprise me, 
  some people accused him of being troll ( see the thread in which he was announced as mod for details ) . 
  personally , i have nothing against him as long as he does n't abuse his mod power as davidreis does . 
  i 'm surprised by the number of people who support davidreis in this . 
   yes because we should value the opinions of people who down voted reddit 101 . 
  ( ... ) they proved themselves to be total idiots by doing that . 
  like , seriously ? 
  2 actually , if you count / u/crnaruka, 
  if you consider that you-know-who is especially keen on banning right-wingers it 's no surprise that / r/european became an echo chamber and this led to thriving ` extreme right nuttery ' . 
  but it does n't make / r/europe ok, 
  huh , i always thought migrants is just a word for a person who is migrating . 
  he stood on a speakers ' ~ ~ chair ~ ~ ~ pedestal and was shouting to his assistant `` come here , shogun ! '', 
  haha !, 
  for anyone wondering : this was some lithuanian guy criticising / u/davidreis666 , linking [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/subredditcancer/comments/374s5i/this_week_i_was_banned_from_400_subreddits_in_a/ ) , and claiming that automod removes mentions of the name of the mod . 
  we are yet to see if his personal opinions ( no matter how weird they are ) will influence his work as a moderator . 
  let 's not judge by appearance . 
  but if he will indeed abuse his power , then he should be removed from the moderators team . 
  ^ ^ ^ looking ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ you , ^ ^ ^ / u/davidreis666, 
  by not eurosceptic i meant that they do n't want to back out of any part of european union and they support further integration when it 's in polish interest like the energy union . 
  maybe we use different definitions on what is euroscepticism . 
   automod will delete my comment have auto * bot * seriously deleted comments calling / u/davidreis666 ? 
  that 's some deep shit, 
  you are wrong on poland . 
  firstly , law and justice are no more eurosceptic than uk conservatives . 
  secondly , polish far-right was strongly anti-russian until the invasion of ukraine , but then when korwin-mikke ( former head of new right congress , mep ) started justifying russian actions and nationalists started talking shit about ukraine being our biggest enemy etc. 
  it all changed . 
  nowadays they ( both nationalist and korwinists ) may not openly support putin , but are against sanctions and often repeat russian propaganda . 
  especially considering they are complete opposites, 
  imho europe was born in middle ages through medieval universalism ( christianity , feudalism etc. ), 
  that 's when newly-christianised barbarians ' culture mixed with romans and greeks ' and when most proto-ethnicities settled where their successors are now . 
  that history is what does all of europe and only europe share . 
  not true . 
  in old europe two enemies could end years of wars by intermarrying their royal families and be friends for centuries thereafter ( or not ) . 
  like poland & lithuania, 
   btw , you probably meant centre-left in the anti-establishment party . 
  no , kukiz is conservative , it 's poland . 
  quick overview of polish politics : biggest parties are po - centrist in poland , centre-right for outsiders ( epp in ep ) , and pis - conservatists ( ecr ) . 
  there are post-communists but they will have a tough time getting into the parliament in the upcoming elections ( sld , sd in ep ) . 
  psl ( epp in ep ) , current minor coalition partner is the next most left-wing party . 
  they are erm . . , agrarians ( ? 
  ) , and sit in the parliament since 19th century doing nothing . 
  kukiz and balcerowicz , two known guys announced they are going to make their own parties this year . 
  kukiz 's one will be anti-establishment and probably centre-right , while that of balcerowicz will be also centre-right . 
  and there is plenty of far right parties to choose from , conservative libertian knp and nationalist rn being the biggest . 
  euro as in $ ( currency ) , not eu ( union ), 
       pity because he clearly said that convention is against polish family traditions . 
  since it target violence you can extrapolate that violence is family tradition in poland . 
  you have logical fallacy there , dude . 
   parties shall take the necessary measures to promote changes in the social and cultural patterns of behaviour of women and men with a view to eradicating prejudices , customs , traditions and all other practices which are based ( ... ) on stereotyped roles for women and men . 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  bu not everyone voted for him because of these promises . 
  i 'd say that people who did are minority of his voters, 
  in his opinion we need to stop russian imperialism . 
  the best way to do it is to cooperate within eu and nato , this includes moving nato structures to the east ( he likes to remind nato bases in west germany in the cold war ) . 
  he says he is open to dialogue about sending lethal weapons and/or soldiers to ukraine but only if this was coordinated nato-wide action but he did n't comment on wheter he will lobby for it . 
  he criticised orban harshly for breaking ` european solidarity ' . 
   why was tusk lobbying for energy union within eu ? 
  it was after the russian invasion in ukraine . 
   well those are conclusions from the tvn debate . 
  i do n't remember anything like that, 
  yeah , he took the campaign seriously only after he lost the 1st round . 
  earlier the polls were giving him easy victory so he did n't do anything , while duda was touring around poland meeting with people etc. 
  polish state bonds were 40 % of ofe assets . 
  you talk like it was 100 % .
