  they get as much as possible . 
   it does become damaging when workers are struggling to make ends meet with their current salaries . 
  in poor country , how would you raise their salary ? 
  take more from enterpreneur ? 
  then he would n't risk starting a company . 
  give from taxes ? 
  taxes are paid by workers themselves . 
  imo the best way would be to encourage people to develop economy , start new companies , and one way to do it is to lower beaurocracy and taxes , and enterpreneurs ' risks . 
  modern economies ' safeguards wo n't pay off in weaker economies , because they depend on wealthy society . 
  btw . 
  minimum wage is not that important , ony ~ 1-2 % people get paid that little . 
  not necessarily . 
  if you were n't making profit you would n't set up a company and workers would n't have a job . 
  you mean folklore ? 
  :d i just regret that culture of tsarist russia were replaced by communist . 
  the worst thing is what happened to people 's minds : high support for imperialst policy and sentiment for ussr , corruption , road accidents rates - these are some of things affected by this change . 
  there were a few times in history russia could be modern democracy , e.g. 
  but no , there must have been revolution and `` imperya '' ( empire - su ), 
  but bolshevics took power in revolution , fighting royalists and mensheviks , so it 's not like all russians back then wanted soviet union . 
  or they could just not have a problem with ukraine in the first place . 
  how can we know bulgaria does n't become a problem 40 yrs from now ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_dispute ), 
  years of communist empire destroyred much of its heritage and culture . 
  it needs years of normalisation to recover . 
  in poland right wing is often used to describe free market opinion in opposition to more regulated one . 
  especially by those with liberal views on economy who do n't want to be associated with nationalism, 
  thank god bavarians rescued so much of them from hands of [ dutch murderers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_righteous_among_the_nations_by_country ) !, 
  i do n't know what 's more stupid in your comment , not finding sarcasm in parent comment or bringing out dutch collaboration in ww2 while dutch are one of the nations that rescued most jews during that time . 
  czech language :d from the actual polish dialects : silesian and highlanders ', 
  [ \u015amingus dyngus aka wet monday ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9amigus-dyngus ) - on easter monday boys throw water on girls traditions on all souls ' day ( e.g lightning fires on graves ) also have roots in pagan beliefs as do other catholic holidays . 
  many creatures from pagan mythology still appear in fairy tales ( baba yaga , fern flower etc. ), 
  it 's difficult to find any person born in central europe before wwi , whose ethnicity is not questioned . 
  i would like stg like swiss confederation . 
  decentralised , but united . 
  not a big entity where voice of one person does n't matter nor a europe of small , weak principalities fighting each other . 
  no unnecessary power going for people in remote brussels , no internal hassling between regions . 
  imagine : 500 million people ; thousands of municipalities where they solve their own problems ; hundreds of diverse regions ; 32 foootball teams ; 28 countries ; 24 official languages ; 2 currencies \\* , 2 free travel areas \\* , 2 armies \\* , one foreign policy , one economy , one confederation !, 
  ^ \\* ^ ( i ca n't imagine uk not negotiating an opt-out ), 
  if we go with luxembourg , we can just rename it to capital of europe . 
  no need for taking clay from anyone, 
   this is pretty much the definition of propaganda . 
  ftfy, 
  i 'll write about late austria-hungary , precisely its northern part , because i have heard about living there from my grandfather . 
  in late 19th century the country , especially galizia ( now southern poland ) was very poor . 
  country were n't industrialised and any land reforms were coming very late . 
  adding demographic boom to this , there was a `` hunger of land '' - there was not enough land for many people living in rural areas . 
  that caused hunger and strong emmigration ( especially to usa ) . 
  from economical point of view , austria-hugary was a disaster . 
  after the war it started to change for better . 
  the `` good kaiser franz-joseph '' were generally considered as someone who cares about his country and his fate , but does n't have an idea how to improve the situation . 
  politially , poles of course wanted to create their own country , but on the other hand they were granted freedoms that they could n't expect elsewhere . 
  that 's why they were n't too active in fight against austrians and one of reason `` polish legions '' supported austrian army in ww1 . 
  ukrainians also were satisfied with political situation . 
  both nations had their representation in parliament , one of royal family members were called `` king of ukrainians '' . 
  that ended , when the war started , and many lemkos ( east slavic highlanders from carpaths ) and some ukrainians were imprisoned in concentration camp , because of `` mosscalophilia '' - there was a movement among slavs ( except poles ) to unite under russian rule . 
  this changes the view on austria-hungary as politically liberal state , but my ancestor said , that there was a wartime , and those `` mosscalophils '' who caused that were idiots . 
  but still , in the peactime , austria-hungary were for ukrainians and lemkos more liberal than the polish state . 
  other important thing to remember is , that the country have united many nations . 
  you could walk from cracow to the coast of adriatic freely , and the same was achieved again only 7 yrs ago . 
  it was good for simple people who were not engaged in any politics and only wanted to not be bothered , like an old man from my grandfather 's village , who were annually selling horses in hungary and in 1918 could n't understand why he is arrested on the border . 
  when the country have fallen , the real conflict between nations started . 
  that 's how i see the empire as someone of polish , ukrainian and lemko descent . 
  tl ; dr : economically , noone wanted to live there . 
  politically , culturally , it was a beautiful place between revolutions of 1848 and ww1 . 
  i would n't call zaolzie `` skeleton in closet '' , it 's taught openly in schools . 
  but many people do n't realise that after 1926 poland was a dictatorship . 
  there was detention camp in bereza kartuska for pi\u0142sudski 's political opponents . 
  another thing is polonisation of ukrainians similar to what tsarist government was doing with poles ( after polish school one could get the impression ukrainian nationalist organisations appeared out of nowhere ) . 
  agree, 
  ok , maybe `` most helped nazis '' was a bit exaggerated on my part . 
  does n't change that they attacked poland together, 
  yes, 
  they got into military alliance against central european nations with them . 
  thus , protecting their actions ( and future border ) in the east and allowing conquer of poland . 
  well , i may not necessarily have now time to find some serious english sources , but just think that back in 1936 hitler and other axis were entering a pact with anticommunism in name . 
  hitler was radically anti-soviet . 
  yet stalin were not taking any serious steps against germany . 
  imo it 's ridiculous to call one nation `` most contributing '' . 
  without any of three countries in the chart the war would be lost by allies . 
  soviets were most contributing to nazi defeat in the end of war but they were also one of nations that ~ ~ most ~ ~ contributed in rise of the nazi germany . 
  they were also probably the only ally to fight with another ally ( ! ), 
  what about the secret ammendment about dividing central europe between nazi and soviets ? 
  what about stalin 's pro-german stance before ww2 ? 
  secret talks with germany were ongoing while soviets were pretending they wanted military alliance with uk, 
   his recent increase of popularity is a result of horribly low level of economic education ( dunnig-kruger effect rolls in ) , and yes , the underutilization of funds . 
  if the state does n't fund proper health and social care , if the private health service trumps the state one , as well as transport , infrastructure ( we are privatising power plants , for flying spaghetti monster 's sake !, 
  ) , it 's natural that people raised in such a system will prefer laissez-faire , especially if they do n't fully understand nature of democracy . 
  imo his recent popularity is a result of taking radically eurosceptic stance recently . 
  knp happened to be the biggest such party . 
  when they were focusing on conservative liberalism they were always getting constant 2-3 % of votes . 
  and i am actually quote happy he did it into ep . 
  it makes me hope that in coming parlamentary elections other people from knp will get into the sejm . 
  most of them is much more reasonable than mikke . 
  he can make show in ep , but only people in national parliament can make any real change . 
  well , noone denies belgian crimes in congo and swedish in poland , nor are belgians or swedes proud of them . 
  napoleon not only went on deadly war , but also brought civil liberties to many nations , freedom to poles . 
  he was n't oppressing masses of people - french , poles loved him . 
  he did not propagate ideology of death ; did not divide people on better and worse ; he did not attempt mass genocide . 
  yet he is often considered evil . 
  that is something that distinguishes him from stalin , who is now glorified in russia .
