  statisctics show clearly , that economic freedom corelates with economic progress . 
  giving too much power to a few - that 's unfair . 
  i mean , why some guys , even democratically elected , have right to say what other people should buy/sell/produce and for what price . 
  not always . 
  deflation coming from technological progress is not symptom of recession ( 19th century ) . 
  also it 's more a problem in debt-based society . 
  today poland has much stronger economical and political ties with the west than in times of nationalisms , where everyone was looking only how to make their country an empire . 
  and i hope western europe learned something from ww2 , so we wo n't be * that * screwed . 
  but imo as europe starts to break its resource relation on russia , new soviet empire may as well break before it starts attacking other countries . 
  btw . 
  poll results : should poland engage in conflict ? 
  should eu engage in conflict ? 
  yes . 
  i would rather see some tax-free income and then linear tax . 
  progressive tax is not fair , it creates more beurocracy , and big fishes will evade it anyway . 
  i do n't see how it can be connected to corruption . 
  in various countries you pay different tax and you get different amount of services back . 
  high taxes cause high labour cost in scandinavia , yet they do n't need to pay for many things . 
  in countries with high corruption much of the taxes is wasted . 
  so it 's not how it is in every country . 
  it varies from country to country . 
   you do n't have progressive tax , so big part of employed people are fucked by taxes . 
  everyone outside poland praises it like it is the best place in the world . 
  from the inside everyone , including media will tell you our country is a disaster . 
  confusing . 
  good thing is , we are still seeking things to improve . 
  the thing to blame is how eu funds are spent . 
  my parents are forced to go on training in pedagogy were they learn how to memorize things quickly . 
  despite the fact that they both finished pedagogy , and they both know those techniques very well . 
  european funds are often spend on some ridiculous projects . 
  i have heard about people who make ther lifes on writing projects to get money from eu . 
  like providing them with food etc. ? 
  that does n't make them nationalists . 
  there was massive flood of commenters in polish internet lately who were talking that ukrainian activists are all extreme nationalists and that they will soon kill all polish . 
  sad . 
  children are not allowed to vote in elections . 
  it 's 20 % of population and substracting them from overall population is 320000 . 
  i assume i forgot how i started the sentence when i was looking for data , 
  population in sevastopol allowed to vote ( persons under age 18 make up ca . 
  20 % according to population pyramid available online ) is 320000 . 
  if we subtract 1563724 - 1250426 we get 313298 voters in sevastopol . 
  it gives ca . 
  does n't sound legit either ... 
  `` nearly 30 percent of crimean tatars voted in favor of reunification with russia at sunday 's referendum '' how does he know ? 
  he filtered the list of people who voted in referendum by list of tatars ? 
  btw , having list of people voting is a great way for the russian government to divide inhabitants by their views on the `` reunification '', 
  what do you mean by demonstrating eu impact on life of europeans ? 
  in poland media are spammed with eu propaganda and it 's hard to not see a sign `` funded in cooperation with eu '' on ever street . 
  but still , many people does not have any interest in european politics , it 's difficult to find a person who knows name of just one political group in eu parliament or knows what was discussed in it recently . 
  ep elections are discussed in context of local politics . 
  ( it seems that politicians treat ep like some kind of retiring ) my question is : are there any projects to allow european citizens more direct impact on european politics and inform them what 's going on in european institutions ? 
  there 's no new constitution , just the version from 2004 was brought back . 
  in 2010 constitution was changed to give more power to yanukovych and now it was undone . 
  crimean referendum is illegal according to all the constitutions : of 1996 , 2004 and 2010 . 
  no one knows where slavs come from . 
  the most popular theories focus on northern ukraine or poland . 
  polan stronk, 
  [ we try to do it with one remaining monument of soviet general . 
  ] ( http://wpolityce.pl/wydarzenia/75001-kombatanci-chca-rozbiorki-pomnika-gen-czerniachowskiego-w-pienieznie-niczym-nie-zasluguje-na-pamiec-lokalnej-spolecznosci ) but russia 's answer is it wo n't be okay . 
  you can donate in a lot of ways : http://euromaidanpr.wordpress.com/2014/01/24/support-euromaidan-activists-without-leaving-home/, 
  i support maidan , but svoboda really is nationalist . 
  there were news about ukrainian nationalists attacking polish bus near novoyavorosk a few days ago . 
  but on maidan there are also people not connected to them . 
  i understand that if yanukovych will stay with power people will be more frustrated and such movements will be growing . 
  it seems that radicals pop out when the society is driven to frustration - mainly economically or politicaly . 
  the nazi germany was born because of the great depression , fascist in italy just after wwi . 
  to prevent that peoples rights and freedoms should be respected . 
  i bet that if it was not for yanukovych and people like him then noone would have heard of svoboda . 
  but it is not a typical demonstration anymore . 
  poland , not poles . 
  crossing the borders of `` in dubio pro reo '' and other principles of our civilisation can eventually lead to [ very bad things ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_germany ) and one evil does not justify another . 
  elections does not give the government right to do whatever he wants . 
  you should look more on people than debts . 
  look at the charts of polish gdp . 
  european help may speed it up , but poland is developing despite this . 
  it 's not like that eu comes and magically makes poland grow . 
  it 's helpful that eu gives poland money to build infrastructure etc. , but it is not the main reason for economic growth . 
  poland were developing even before 2004 . 
  freeing the market and fighting relicts of communism is much more important . 
  integration of eu was in some way a result of the changes . 
   this allows for a much more flexible sentence structure . 
  you could for example put the object before the subject to emphasize its importance to your statement . 
  so i 've been lied to for my whole life , that in correct german you * must * put verb second , and object first or third . 
  saying shit about eastern europeans is apparently ok while saying the same about roma is not politically correct . 
  what a hypocrisy . 
  grand duchy of * lithuania * , dude . 
  and even lviv/lw \u00f3w was n't 90 % polish . 
  quit your bullshit . 
  ukraine is a term used for lands inhabited by ruthenians in polish kingdom since 17th century . 
  these people would later take name of little-russians and ukrainians to distinguish them from white-russians ( now belarussians ) and great-russians/muscovites ( now just russians ) . 
  poland succesfully invaded kingdom of galicia-volhynia , while great duchy of lithuania conquered other southern ruthenian principalities ( 14th century ) . 
   most of this lands were inhabited by poles wat, 
  hungary is a decent country to live in . 
  especially compared to syria . 
  if you ca n't go to germany why not stay there ? 
  btw . 
  there are cities in hungary too , you know . 
  and hungary obeys , because ... why exactly ? 
  if they want solidarity then why are they so strongly against nato bases in eastern eu members ( germany ) / alliance ( austria ) ? 
  but lw\u00f3w actually belonged to austria even if it was inhabited mostly by poles .
