  maybe you should visit the city again , then . 
  i was there a month ago and had pretty different experience . 
  til some people ca n't understand a concept of sarcasm, 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  i 'm surprised that there are n't any positive comments . 
  what 's wrong with / r/europe these days ? 
  deezer is a great replacement for spotify , it has the same music and lets you store your mp3 in the cloud so if there is n't a song in their base you can still listen to it on all devices . 
  the downside is that it still needs flash when used on pc . 
   step three : see if we can get 10 % of / r/europe [ 3 ] to upvote a post to start a campaign for the station so you want to make a 2nd most upvoted post of all time ? 
  good luck with that . 
  :d more seriously , the biggest problem would be translating everything into a number of languages and getting copyrights for all that stuff . 
  if it was n't for that you could start such tv e.g. 
  on the internet basically immediately . 
  i heard a version of the ` legend of manole ' but about a church with twisted towers in chernivtsi ( ukraine ) . 
  [ ( photo/googlemaps ) ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@48.290786,25.943722,3a,75y,90t/data=!3m8!1e2!3m6!1s68938960!2e1!3e10!6s%2f%2fstorage.googleapis.com%2fstatic.panoramio.com%2fphotos%2fsmall%2f68938960.jpg!7i3532!8i3806 ) the towers took such strange shape because they felt the pain of the builder 's wife , apparently . 
  [ so that 's the explanation ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8vya3tx.png ), 
   soviet union was socialist only in theory , it was just a totalitarian regime . 
  totalitarism is not an economic system, 
  there was ` war communism ' before the ` state capitalism ' but it ended up in total disaster . 
   well its just unfortunate that most of the `` socialist '' country leaders also happened to be a wee bit authoritarian . 
  somehow leaders of democratic capitalist countries can live without authoritarism . 
  suggesting that the war is between eastern and western ukraine . 
  they mounted an offensive to capture warsaw in july 1944 . 
  when the uprising started stalin decided to stop the red army on the outskirts of the city . 
  they had n't crossed vistula river until 1945 . 
  if this is not waiting then i do n't know what is . 
   lowering taxes for the rich . 
  and for the poor . 
  but because you do n't like them it 's better not to mention that , right ? 
  homosezuality was actually often criminalised in regional ( voivodship-level ) codexes in the 1st commonwealth , though legal in the interwar period ( iirc ), 
   do n't expect society to pick up the tab because you could n't be bothered to care about contraceptives . 
  i am all for male rights , but that specific debate is usually just another way of saying `` i do n't want to use condoms , but i do n't want to be bothered with the consequences '' . 
  then why is abortion legal there in the first place ? 
  they only got weapons that could reach passengers planes altitude ( the buks ) shortly before the 17 july . 
  the airspace by then already closed below 9800m . 
  germany : germany debt money want lithuania : russia want europe . 
  why lithuanian countries ? 
   in short , he espouses intelligent design , which is incompatible with evolutionary theory . 
  well , if you ask e.g. 
  catholic church you 'll hear that the evolution was a part of god 's plan . 
  one can say it is sort of ` backing out ' from literal interprations of the bible into the metaphoric ones , but it ` works ' . 
   there is a pretty big difference with how ` conservative ' protestantism of for example the usa and catholicism approach science . 
  that 's new to me , i 'd have thought we do n't have so much morons in europe . 
  when i hear protestant i think more of the scandinavian type who even accept homo marriages and what-not or the polish ones that i actually know who are more ` conservative ' but do n't fight science - so kind of people who are overall more ` liberal ' than catholics . 
   humans descend from apes and are apes . 
  after wiki-checking you 're right here , i can only justify myself by not knowing exact definition of ` ape ' in english . 
  but still the guy we 're talking about did n't deny this . 
   you are a nutcase if you believe that all those scientists who have dedicated their professional life to actual experimentation-based research are incorrect when it comes to evolution . 
  i believe in evolution . 
  i do n't know if your science minister does , because it 's not stated anywhere in the article . 
   also , the materials/energy for earth was created in the big bang ( or big expansion ) . 
  this is likely what the author meant . 
  it 's unfair to judge people by what you think they meant . 
  you think that larsen denies evolution , which he does n't , you think that the author knows the bing bang theory but made a mistake ( even though he tries to show the politician as the uneducated one ) . 
  well , * that * 's unscientific . 
  read the article , you 'll understand the reasons . 
  he did n't deny any scientific theory ( in contrast to the author of the article who tries to mock him - lol ), 
  study literature then, 
  if you actually read the article you 'll see that this guy is not a nutcase but just a * possibly racist * christian with a phd in theology . 
  he does n't deny evolution nor the theory of cosmic expansion . 
  i 'd dare to say he is smarter than the author of the article , because larsen does n't make statements about things he knows nothing about , while the author suggests that people descend from apes ( people and apes have common ancestor ) or that earth was created in the big bang ( earth was created some 10 ^ 10 years later ) . 
   pretty obvious to me that this means that he is * not * on board with evolutionary theory where do you see that ? 
  what you are doing is making assumptions instead of drawing logical conclusions . 
  that 's like the most * unscientific * thing to do . 
   he also disapproves of the big bang theory . 
  can you show me where ? 
  i do n't understand why people tie disapproving the bing bang theory with religiousity , when in fact it was * a priest * who first proposed it . 
   i think there is a different between being patriotic and being a patriot being patriotic is like a definition of a patriot . 
  do n't reinvent words when you do n't need to . 
   being a patriot is blinding yourself to the faults and mistakes that your country ( government ) is doing , and anyone questioning it is against you . 
  * idiot ( or nationalist-idiot if you wish ) would you say that for example decabrists or white rose ca n't be considered patriots ? 
  the terrorists succeed when we start to agree to change our culture because of fear . 
  france is french people ' country , not theirs . 
   a lack of prospects for immigrants why do they immigrate then ? 
  so we give up our privacy - part of our culture - because of terrorist acts ? 
  this means that terrorists win . 
  in poland abortion in that case * is * legal . 
  you fail to realise that a fetus can be considered a human being and in that case the right to life takes priority over right to do stupid shit, 
  this is the result of lack of responsibility . 
   jokes aside , it is catholic taliban that forces us to stick to this primitive ban . 
  majority of poles is against abortion . 
  this is why we stick to this ` primitive ' ban . 
  if one says it 's because of ` catholic talban ' then it means that most of poles = catholic taliban . 
  yeah , but i just say that people opposing the convention did not support violence against women, 
  this argument is stupid , becuase it can be used against any law . 
  see : jokes aside , it is catholic taliban * ( most of poles ) * that forces us to stick to this primitive ban . 
  if you believe that most people would suddenly murder others because they can , you are grievously wrong . 
  truth is if you really want to murder someone you will , regardless if it is legal or not . 
  says someone from a country which allows child euthanasia, 
  it all boils down to a point in the convention which states that ` states should try to eradicate traditions based on stereotypical view of men and women, 
  countries can adopt laws against violence without adopting the convention . 
  in poland contraception , adoption , baby hatches as well as abortion in case of rape , terminally-ill fetus or threat of damaging mother 's health are all legal . 
  so even if someone irresponsible has unwanted pregnancy she does n't need to raise the child , she can just go through these 9 months of pregnancy and abandon the child . 
  why then abortion on demand should be considered legal , if fetus being ( or not ) human is still a subject to debate ? 
  law applies to whole society not only you . 
  because you find it nonsensical does n't mean other people do . 
  if everyone would think like you we would have anarchy . 
  grodzka was actively participating in the communist regime . 
  same for many others leftist figures so it 's no wonder people do n't like them, 
   people forcing their beliefs on others .
