shouldnt you be invading a country somewhere across the sea , trying to reclaim your lost manhood ? 
  its very silly to say they have a `` lack of culture '' . 
  you cant have a lack of culture , just because american culture has been more normalized because we 're blasted with it through movies , tv and music doesnt mean it isnt culture . 
  you dont have to eat snails to participate in culture , going to the gunrange can be culture too , watching superbowl can be culture too , etc. 
  ( carl is aware of the stereotypical examples )  just imagine the palestine territories had only 1/10th of the military capacities of the us . 
  carl personally feel palestine has more right to the land than israel does and israel as a country is problematic . 
  you cant undo israel , it is a country now and the decision was made long ago , however palestine definitely deserve to get enough land to have a country of their own too . 
  but both judaism and buddhism are great tools of control . 
  buddhism preaches to settle with what you have and not strive for anything more , a great way to keep people down . 
  all logical conclusions will lead you to religion being set up in a way to control people by those in charge . 
  usa causes far more problems than the middle east , like it or not . 
  yeah , not bashing on judaism in particular , we see the same in christianity , islam , hinduism , etc. 
  its just that it felt like you tried to pass it along as `` most rules originated from a good place '' while the reality is more the opposite , most rules originated as a way for rulers to control people , organized religion itself obviously stems from it . 
  easier to control the peasants and force them into a life of hard labor when you tell them they 'll totally be awarded after death ( oh , and punished if they dont do it ) . 
  and its easier to make the peasants go kill the peasants of another nation if they grew up not interacting with them and are full of hate and ignorance . 
  food-rules are a good example of rules likely put in place to make it more problematic to engage with people of different cultures . 
  prolly why the regions practicing it grow up to be nations of warmongering full of angry men that willingly join violent groups . 
  stop cutting off dicks and maybe the places in the world where this is commonplace will stop being so angsty . 
  and even more laws were made to make it more complicated to fit in with people from different cultures , thus helping create more differences between people which makes it easier for rulers to tell their people to go kill those other people . 
  why ? 
  the jewish god and the american god likes collecting pieces of babypenis , whats so weird about it ? 
  everyone collects something . 
  some countries get in conflict with other countries and violate human rights and rules of war all the time , whereas others hardly ever invade other countries . 
  wonder if its related to the respective culture of the countries . 
  turns out this can be turned around , usa does a whole lot more invasion ( with support from glorious european allies ) than islamic countries does . 
  like it or not , being violent and savage is hardly unique to one culture . 
  just makes masturbating more expensive and take more effort . 
  the only lube carl ever bought was for a womans butthole . 
  but what about religion ? 
  the question is , does s4 ? 
  also frankfurt has tons of basically empty office buildings . 
  not sure if they 're rented out and used by a company that just wants an adress there or what the deal is with it . 
  you 're doing terrible on the ugly part too !, 
  working in this way is mostly because you 're a bigot and not interested in studying the likely effects of leaving . 
  sorry but the attitude is motivated by the dumb actions , the dumb actions can not be excused by someones attitude however . 
  if you 're being retarded and carl calls you retarded , can you really say `` i 'm just being retarded because you said so !!! '' ? 
  seems like a pretty flawed argument that just makes you appear even more retarded . 
  wonder when eu is going to build something useful in sweden , 
  not really , if the uk are stuck with even 5 % worse deals than before thats a sizable impact on their economy ( far from something that will turn them into a developing country , but enough to make a real difference ) without having all too much of an impact on most of the eu 's . 
  if the uk instead get a deal that is too close to what they had before , then carl can see no reason for any rich country to stay in the eu , why sacrifice our right to govern to germany and the other bigshots when we can keep the tradebenefits by leaving while also maintaining a right to govern ? 
  eu was so much better in the start than what it is today , when it was just about freedom of work + study within eu as well as simplified trades then it was awesome . 
  when it instead became an attempt to centralize power into a federal government and turn eu into a usa so the people at top got even more power , then it turned to shit . 
  it seriously bother carls what eu is now and the direction it is moving in , carl hope eu is either forced to stop pushing the centralization of power or is dissolved and something better can eventually sprout from it . 
  well this means the eu have no choice but fuck over the uk on tradedeals . 
  if the uk get as good deals as they enjoyed within the eu it would show other countries that there 's no reason not to leave , as you get the same deals but with more self-governing if you do leave . 
  so the uk economy should realistically suffer from this , even in the longterm after stability has been established again , since their competitiveness should decrease with worth tradedeals across the board with eu countries . 
  if the uk get the same deals then carl truly hope sweden also leave , as there is barely any reason to stay if you can keep the pros but skip the cons . 
  in sweden people would probably think chinese/thai/japanese / korean , while in england you 'd be more likely to think pakistani/indian/phillipines , etc. 
  asia is interesting because some parts of asia people seem to believe is the middle east and treat those asians differently from how they would koreans for example . 
  so asking just `` asians '' doesnt really mean as much as when they ask `` black person '' as people seem to have very split views on asians where as when it comes to black people , then people tend to either just be racist against all of them or be cool with all of them . 
  could reach somewhat similar result with `` white '' and `` slavic '' , slavic people are clearly white but would face far more discrimination than swedish people , for example . 
  not sure if carl would call sons of winter and sun `` slow '' just because some parts are , but everyone do have different tastes . 
  in carls opinion sons of winter and stars is by far the best song to ever come out of finland , and you guys do make a good amount of good music . 
  guessing you 're not a big fan of devins stuff after syl either then ? 
  carl is so happy volbeat isnt played on the radio anymore . 
  sounds like a shitty metallica coverband or something . 
  the voice of the singer just feels so forced . 
  love you a little bit for linking some devin townsend stuff . 
  but , as a fin , why the fuck dont you link some wintersun too ? 
  wintersun is great . 
  they did n't lack potatoes though , the brits just decided they dont value irish lifes at all and allowed them to starve when the harvest was worse . 
  they wanted as much as they had taken in the past , not at all caring the irish produced less , they purposely starved the irish because the british empire were absolute fucking dicks . 
  they did n't , the `` famine '' was the british killing irish people , it should be called the irish genocide . 
  ireland produced enough food for all of ireland , the brits just didnt let them eat it . 
  everyone knows ireland is a potato-based economy , apples are the potatoes of the fruit-kingdom which is why they 're in ireland . 
  irish !, 
  novelty account, 
  the real blame lies with the un , not the dutch , any effort to shift the blame to the dutch was likely started by un to save face since the incident largely proved how useless un is at its peacekeeping mission , not any better than league of nations were . 
  in most african countries etc with large un forces present there is a crazy amount of rape etc committed by these un forces or personnel . 
  the un needs to be reorganized . 
  the irish as people were treated like shit by everyone for something like 1000 years . 
  they know hardship and they have become incredibly caring as a people because of it too . 
  many would look for their own best and become cynical but the irish are extremely friendly and helpful people who will fight to the end for any cause they feel worth it . 
  carl lived in ireland and while a lot of shit sucked the one thing carl will always miss is the irish , great people . 
  edit : no irish died actually , at least not the irish stuck holding out . 
  the 3 dead were from attempted reinforcement when crossing a bridge if carl recalls correctly , and all three were indian . 
  carls relative was part of the swedish relief-effort which were fought back by heavily armed mercenaries due to lack of un support . 
  the definition of genocide was basically carefully engineered so the british could avoid being called out on their maaany genocides happening across their colonial empire , including the millions of irish they purposely starved to death . 
  comes down to geography . 
  in general carl would say scandinavians have some clue about what the balkan wars were , even if they were very very young or not born during them , but its not like any focus is put there at all , its considered `` enough '' to just know it happened . 
  what we learn in school is decided by what someone decided is relevant for us and what politics decide is good for us . 
  for example , carl never had any classes or mentions of the irish `` famine '' in school , even though its a quite recent event happening quite close to scandinavia with the results of millions of irish people dying and ireland still havent recovered . 
  and when we do hear about it people stress how its a `` famine '' , when it was a genocide by the british as ireland produced enough food for the entire country but the food was forcefully exported and food aid from other countries to ireland was denied . 
  its not in our interests to accuse allies of committing genocide , even though the brits have done it several times , and what happened in the balkans is not something that many consider in our interests either . 
  its pretty awful , because it still happened in europe , people need to be told so they do not think the evils of war went away after ww2 . 
   why the hell do people react to this with ` but there were other crimes after ww2 that were equally bad ... ' ? 
  jesus , it is n't about who was the worst guy or which group suffered the most . 
  22 years ago people were slaughtered in europe and nobody did shit for 3 fucking years . 
  +1 its not a contest , its about humanity and trying to be better in the future . 
  what happened 22 years ago was awful and there is no defending it and anyone who does is a sad , sad person . 
  england has also done ethnic cleansing , both in europe against the irish and in india , probably in other colonies of theirs as well , they just get away with it , no one call the genocide against irish people a genocide , instead its called a `` famine '' . 
  how can it be a famine when ireland produced more than enough food for everybody ? 
  the brits took the food away , they even told other countries they arent allowed to help and send food . 
  the irish famine should be known as the irish genocide and the brits should admit responsibility for the 1 million + deaths they caused due to racism against irish people . 
  sk\u00e5ne was a mistake, 
  tbh the 28 degrees we have here is still a solid 18 degrees too hot, 
  awe shiiiet you said colorado . 
  god damn . 
  carl hasnt slept for a very long time . 
  whoups .
