it 's possible many lighter skinned people have some neanderthal dna . 
  i did 23andme and i 've got around 2.7 % . 
   yeah good idea , let 's sell even more guns . 
  if everybody has guns everywhere , it definitely wo n't be a huge mess . 
   contrary to now where only criminals have weapons and law abiding citizens ca n't even defend themselves ... that would be actually an improvement . 
  my great grand parents would approve . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  but your post does n't contradict what i said . 
  say that to the people on the train ... 
  unless the guy with the axe is faster ... 
  but i guess that 's survival of the fittest then ? 
   nato does not cover the asia pacific reason . 
  but if the nato treaties are ignored at will by the us what makes the koreans , taiwanese and japanese so sure that the us will uphold their treaties ? 
  i 'm sure there are other means to enforce the contributions than to fuck up the whole treaty and making it an impotent paper tiger . 
  yup . 
  if there 's the slightest doubt that the us will help any nato member for whatever reason nato just becomes a toothless tiger . 
  maybe the us will help - maybe they wo n't . 
  but the jeannie is out of its bottle and putin ( and other leaders ) can now speculate if they could get away with attacking some `` less important '' nato members . 
  ( and other us allies - which will fire up the tensions in the chinese sea ) . 
  not only russian . 
  also chinese . 
  and every local dictator there is . 
  a us without the means of applying its conventional forces ca n't play world police anymore . 
  the world becomes a more unstable place . 
  so what he 's saying is : the us will or wo n't abide to defense treaties and contracts as they please . 
  this has huge implications for us foreign policy and their status as a super power . 
  what will japan do or south korea if they see that the us shits on nato obligations . 
  maybe they will cozy up to china ? 
  or say : `` fuck it we 're neutral . 
  you can have your pacific expansion without us , trump '' . 
  once the us ca n't control its western coastline by keeping china in check through japan , korea and taiwan alliances it ceases being a super power . 
  it will step down to being a regional power like china or russia . 
  if you do n't control both oceans ( yes , there are more but pacific and atlantic are the important ones ) you 're not a super power anymore . 
  having nukes does n't mean shit as they are end game weapons you ca n't use to force your political will on other nations . 
  so what you 're going to do when china decides `` fuck you , we want our money back '' . 
  `` stop bejing , or we nuke you '' - yeah , totally credible threat because the moment you launch your icbms everyone else will do too . 
  without controlling the pacific you ca n't do shit to china . 
  and china knows that . 
  they will start a ruthless expansive campaign and the us will be back to what it was at the start of the 1900s ... an isolated backwater ( only this time their industry has been shipped to china ) . 
  german self defense law is essentially stand your ground/castle doctrine . 
  it 's pretty liberal but internet meme-masters do n't read the laws and just talk out of their asses themselves . 
   the basic law says that self defense should always be proportional . 
   no , it does n't . 
  notwehrexzess does n't mean what you think it means . 
  you can shoot someone for stealing your bike . 
  there is no `` oh guy 's using his fists to kill me - i better throw away my knife and use my fists to defend myself '' paragraph in the laws . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/notwehr_ ( deutschland ) read , understand , stop repeating urban legends that might cost people 's lives, 
  only if you carry them to protect yourself against dangerous animals . 
  ( like dogs , etc ) . 
  carrying pepper spray or a taser with the intention to use it in self defense against humans is illegal . 
  ( that 's why german pepper spray has warning labels that this is only to be used against animals ) . 
  of course when push comes to shove i 'd rather get a fine for using pepper spray against a wonderful human being who just wanted to show me the sharp edge of his axe than to lie in a pool of blood ... but then i 'm acting against the law and my record wo n't be clean anymore because i dared to defend myself . 
  no problem , thomas . 
  just allow me to carry a gun for self defense . 
  i even may not carry pepper spray . 
  so i guess i should have the police on quick dial in case someone is about to axe me ? 
  at least then the police can record my death quickly ... 
   these people are allowed to vote you know . 
  which is a shame . 
   but there have always been such people yes , but this time it 's different as they can get together and organize thanks to facebook , etc. 
  yes , yes , but typical start ups are n't really about the tech . 
  the important factor is financing regulations . 
  can i easily give out stock to investors ? 
  can i offer stock options to attract employees ? 
  will i find enough investors to pump up the valuation ? 
  and will i be able to a ) get bought out by one of the big corporations or b ) have an easy ipo to dump the whole mess on a bigger idiot ? 
  ( and funnily : if i fail will i be able to get back up on my feet without having my reputation/credit score permanently destroyed ? ), 
  you can get a bunch of nerds building apps anywhere in the world . 
  but you ca n't get that investor friendly climate in most places outside of sv . 
  trying to emulate sv in europe has failed and will fail . 
  not because we are technically inept - but because we do n't have the capital for those insane valuations that startups are built upon . 
  and our politicians do n't get it . 
  instead of de-regulating the market they put up some half-assed eu `` innovation '' funds and expect wonders . 
   also why not m\u00fcnchen because no one ( literally no one - which includes doctors , lawyers etc. ), 
  can afford rent in munich . 
  ( if they are lucky enough to find an apartment that is ) . 
  and your typical fledging start-up employees who do n't get paid much in cash but have some equity recompensation deal ( which is comically hard to get right in germany ) wo n't be able to afford anything within 50km of munich . 
  berlin on the other hand still has affordable living space because of the large swaths of east german wastelands surrounding the city . 
  but then again ... germany in itself is a problem really . 
  germany is only attractive to start-ups as long as they do n't generate any profits . 
  but as soon as you get profitable taxes will eat you alive . 
  so then it 's time to move the hq to somewhere less taxed . 
  but as most start-ups never make any money berlin still is popular with the hip startup crowd that wo n't move to the usa because reasons . 
  oh and that equity deal i wrote above ? 
  you will have a very hard time giving out stock options to would be employees because the bureaucratic system is n't prepared for that at all . 
  all in all : stereotypical start ups and europe do n't really get well together . 
  the uk has/had the most liberal business regulation which would allow structures resembling the silicon valley model . 
  continental europe on the other hand is overly bureaucratic and outright startup aversive . 
  this includes the obvious offenders like france and germany but also all the `` low tax '' eastern european states which might have lower taxes and living costs but are still very very bureaucratic . 
  estonia being a notable exception here . 
  yeah , 10 % might not sound much . 
  until you find out that black people in the us are only ~ 10 % of the population . 
  and if you 've ever been to the us you will know how visible they are . 
  10 % is a lot . 
  nah , saxony is a barren wasteland ( figuratively - the landscapes in fact are stunning ) . 
  the huge problem with saxony is its indigenous people who are small minded xenophobic ( not only against non germans but also against all non-saxons ) assholes . 
  people who have a fucked up sense of entitlement when it comes to economy : they are uneducated , lazy and yet they want the same level of wealth as their west german neighbors . 
  just because they are german . 
  if it were n't for the billions of tax euros west germany pumps into east germany saxony would have been left behind by most ex-commie eastern european countries a long time ago . 
  reunification was a retarded feel-good idea of sentimental politicians .
