it looks like kaliningrad have been annexed by belarus . 
  good move !, 
  where did you go to school ? 
  i 'm looking for similar educations here in vestlandet . 
  yeah , i thought so as well , even though norway usually have 1-2 % less alcohol in their beer i 've found it to be just the same as in sweden, 
  besides from the nav-part , i got it all set !, 
  the language part are a bit tricky though . 
  hehe , i do understand it though . 
  people should be more adaptable , even though there 's such minor differences , we should respect the values and culture of yours , which i see that some swedes can lack the respect of . 
  is there any more integration besides eating mysost and skiing that we swedes need to go through ? 
  at some times i find it to be more swedish than sweden over here in rogaland , 
  norwegian wealth , swedish internet , danish beer and finnish sisu !, 
  i think we 're going to be all right up here . 
  tricky part is to get norway with us on the train , but i 'm sure they would n't like to be left alone . 
  damn numbers everywhere . 
  i just want to get shitfaced . 
  no worries  sk\u00e5l , och glad p\u00e5sk !, 
  is n't it 3.5 % though ? 
  objective : cross the city without getting a serious case of epilepsy . 
  a concentration camp where we 're hold as slaves and forced to make shitty furniture . 
  please , save us fellow swedes !, 
  we 're situated in the west coast of norway , and there 's no v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd in sight :( and do n't forget to bring some snus and beer over !, 
  sweden/norway 22 years old , lived in gothenburg for about 2-3 years . 
  gothenburg has a serious house shortage so i mostly lived with friends and slept on their couches in 2 years . 
  even though i had a full time job , there was no chance for me getting an apartment . 
  since february this year me and a friend rents a house in norway , where the situation is a lot better . 
  i do n't want to own a house myself , would rather live in a apartment in the future . 
  we 're planning on making an easily assembled plywood statue of our so dear `` valle '' in yellow and blue for every swede to have in our gardens !, 
  well , in that case , we will come to you !, 
  yes , some surveys show that we have an average amount of rapes comparing with rest of europe , but i 'd guess this map illustrates our own statistics by what we ourselves constitutes as a rape , not sure though . 
  one of the highest when it comes to reported rapes in the world and highest in europe , yes . 
  yeah , we should totally back them up with our soldier !, 
  i think he will be of great assistance . 
  why would you think that patriotism would exclude others ? 
  patriotism can also be very welcoming , for example when immigrants are being proud over that they live perfect lives together with the native population , even thought it 's not their home country . 
  chauvinism is an exaggerated form of patriotism , where you would blindly defend all the actions of your country . 
  that 's not good at all , you should always question authority and the way your country is runned . 
  and if they are up to something bad , well do n't show them any support then . 
  the patriotism i 'm talking about is the one you find in sports , arts , literature , music , culinary , architecture , history etc. 
  and is something that you can be more or less supportive of . 
  simply put , it 's a way of saying that we as a group of people are up to something good here , that we feel secure and confident in doing . 
  other people can still join us , and contribute in their on ways . 
  the strenght in different cultures identities is also why it 's so much divergencies around the world , and also why it 's so exciting travelling and experience other peoples way of doing things . 
  i would say that it 's always two sides of these kind of things . 
  there 's good patriotism , and there 's bad patriotism . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that sounds exactly like what someone from sweden would 've written . 
  so even if one could achieve something joyful , beautiful or great in another way just by showing pride in his/her country , it is n't a good thing ? 
  i do n't really get that logic , i 'm sorry to say . 
  why ca n't we just be patriotic when it comes something good out of it , and maybe tone down on it a little when it leads to bad things ? 
  i think a lot of the branches in nationalism are justified ( like civic nationalism , often a seed for establishing a democratic state excluded from a autocracy ) as long as it does n't contain any xenophobic values . 
  no time for sauna now , huh ? 
  i think people mixes up being patriotic with being racist . 
  you can be both anti-racist and proud of your history and culture at the same time , something that many people often get confused by . 
  this trend is somewhat ubiquitous in sweden as well . 
  being `` neutral '' in wwii contributed to all of our neighbouring countries to make fun of us . 
  fair enough . 
  yeah , both mcdonald 's and burger king are quite pricey , both in norway and sweden . 
  i do n't think we locals think of it that much , but it could easily ruin a tourist, 
  it 's nothing in comparison , i 'm almost having double my swedish salary here in norway , and stuff ai n't that much more expensive here . 
  i paid even more in rent in sweden than what i am here . 
  lol , norwegians have the second highest median income in the whole world . 
  to say that they generally are n't rich is nothing but a lie . 
  quite ironic , is n't it ? 
  you 'll soon have us all over though , just give it a couple of years !, 
  shortly after [ this ] ( http://cdn.thedailybeast.com/content/dailybeast/articles/2014/03/01/so-russia-invaded-crimea/jcr:content/image.crop.800.500.jpg/1393877698065.cached.jpg ) picture was taken . 
  russian . 
  surely the stereotype with us cold and anti-social scandinavians is a bit taken off proportion on the internet , but there 's still some truth to it if you were to visit other places than stockholm , gothenburg and malm\u00f6 . 
  it correlates very well with how sparsely populated the area we live in i would say . 
  even though we have a new demographic that pins our intolerance down a bit , i can by almost all certainty say that our rural areas speak for most of the intolerance that we have . 
  by anecdotal means , i can say that i know nobody from my home village with a population of 200 that thinks that it 's okay to be gay . 
  and i do n't consider my home village to be * that * intolerant in comparison with others i know about . 
  surely our immigrants often have very medieval views and are often being more intolerant than what the average swede would recognize , but we ca n't let that excuse our own so very intolerant rural population to be . 
  we also have the very same anti-discrimination laws , so it is in no way unnecessary having the legislation we have , as we still have some problems with anti-lgbt people . 
  what i would say is the key point here and why our numbers are so different , is our rural population which very often is quite frankly the opposite of our urban progressive population . 
  gay rights may seem obvious in stockholm , gothenburg and malm\u00f6 , but as soon as you travel a bit outside of the big regions , you 'll notice that it is n't as obvious as in other places . 
  how do you feel about denmark ? 
  look at his flair . 
  norway , also being a expensive but well paid country outside the eu , makes me think he was just being sarcastic . 
   although in my defense hand gestures do n't really translate well in written text . 
  how am i supposed to make fun of your country 's stereotypes when you 're doing it yourself beforehand ? 
  i think that 's the case for most european countries though . 
  still you managed to be the ignorant one . 
  how the tables have turned , huh ? 
  i think that there 's currently only one country with a fixed exchange rate pegged to the euro , and that 's denmark . 
  norwegian roads are always a subject of receiving a big amount of unnecessary hate , especially from my own fellow countrymen , but people tend to forget that it 's so much more complicated building 1 km of road in norway in comparison with how easy it is to just flatten some acres and build a highway on it . 
  it 's a nightmare just to plan , drill , dig , bore , build , asphalt and connect all the roads together , as you have mountains freaking everywhere . 
  i mean , have n't you guys been building new roads at full capacity all since the 80 's or something ? 
  not saying that your roads are in perfect shape , some of the worst ones i 've traveled on has been in norway , i 'm just saying that it takes a long time to get in good shape given to the geographical hindrances , and as soon as your roads are finished , i 'm sure they 're going to be the best ones in the world . 
  as i previously wrote , just keep on insisting to speak swedish , since it can be a bit difficult learning by books and not by speaking with natives . 
  most of us automatically switch to english , but we wo n't be upset or anything if you still want to hold the conversation in swedish , it 's rather the other way around . 
  i worked with a lot of foreigners a couple of years ago , and usually it went down with us both speaking a mixed version of swedish and english , and after a year doing so you could notice that they picked up the most important parts of the language !, 
  i 'm happy to hear that you at least are willing to learn swedish , most people coming here are n't and i thinks it 's a shame . 
  it 's indeed something swedes usually do , as soon as we hear someone struggle with our language , we want to do the polite thing and save the conversation by switching to english . 
  as soon as someone does that to you , insist on still speaking swedish , as talking to us natives is the best way of learning the language , and we make it a bit more difficult by not giving you an honest shot to hold a basic conversation in swedish . 
  most swedes can understand sentences with broken grammar , and you have the benefit to know all the british words to use when you forget some word . 
  there should be a falukorv in there , nothing more , nothing less . 
  well , both are norwegian so you wo n't really lack anything learning the other . 
  you will still be able to understand bokm\u00e5l if you can write in nynorsk . 
  bokm\u00e5l is the written form used by most norwegians , and is very reminiscent of the spoken language in the oslo region .
