driving the east of belgium is fun . 
  switching between french , dutch and german every couple of metres . 
  havent been to elfia this year, 
  we had some flemish spartans . 
  great guys to have a few drinks too much with . 
  i work at reenactment events at castles , so ... 
  ever seen a roman legion with a few minions ( those yellow things ) , backed by nazi fire support , charge a soviet apc surrounded by medieval knights with bren lmgs ? 
  it 's quite enjoyable . 
  saw 3 small ones in the netherlands last monday . 
  managed to photograph 2 of them in poor quality from a train . 
  third one was a kilometer further . 
  theyre actually not tornados because they did n't hit the ground but in this case theyre called funnels . 
  but the general idea of spinny clouds is similar . 
  i was born in hilversum . 
  family still lives there . 
  the area around is great : naarden , loosdrecht , lage vuursche , gooi en eemland - but the city itself is just another city which used to have its own industry but now just happens to be in a central location . 
  utrecht can be nice . 
  i guess im old for my age ... 
  i come from the randstad and have moved to a more quiet place . 
  the only thing i dont enjoy is the lack of public transport . 
  i like the calmness . 
  i like nature . 
  i like people actually being nice . 
  i like not having a police chopper almost permanently above the city . 
  most big cities during tourist season are a big no no for me . 
  i understand and agree , however it can be a bit like going to / r/askhistorians and having the first answer be `` science fiction writer here ! ... '', 
  for example : the greek economy is getting close to that of western sahara . 
  if by `` taking on the strain of an ageing population '' you mean `` we 'll let everyone simply pay more and get less '' you would be correct . 
  though with great certainty i can say the dutch system is not the best . 
  i have no issues with any of those words , but i tend to stutter over the simplest of words anyways . 
  yay speech impediments, 
  i was taught british and i speak a fine mixture of all accents - just like how i speak dutch . 
  the joys of talking to different people each day . 
  partially tourist area , partially just a town that loves alcohol . 
  both gives reason for police to be active . 
  although usually they just do some small talk with locals . 
  there is also the mentality that people still believe this is a small village , while it is actually growing to a sizeable town . 
  police presence is nowhere like it is in almere , though . 
  source : used to live in almere . 
  i live in a town of 22 000 pop , with 22 000 more people in the area around ( rural area ) . 
  i see police occasionally . 
  we have a couple of bigger roads which they often take . 
  we also have some of the country 's biggest events , so that attracts a lot of police . 
  i also work at a bar . 
  in my town there is a standard small crew doing inspections on local bars . 
  usually to prevent fights or excessive drinking . 
  we often do n't notice them coming past because they usually just drive by , occasionally chatting with some of the smokers in front . 
  it 's the corruption mostly, 
  being a student only costs a few thousand euro which is wayyy less than 20 euro . 
  but the ov card itself will cost a few bucks as well, 
  your bullshit is great . 
  if population size matters : usa : 321 million people europe : 743 million people, 
  oh god this `` usa is big like 200 countries in 1 '' bullshittery again, 
  why should we compare an entire continent with one country , instead of a country with a country ? 
  we already decided that france will take them in . 
  if they like it or not . 
  could always try sealand . 
  yeah , besides hundreds of wars , 2 world wars and a couple hundred million deaths between them , what has ever gone wrong between france and germany ? 
  hardly, 
  not in the netherlands . 
  it tends to be the more east you go . 
  but even so there are many exceptions and ifs . 
  i listen to a lot of finnish music . 
  because finland is a haven of metal . 
  especially folk-metal . 
  if only you could understand . 
  it 's some of the most hilarious lyrics ever . 
  and then what ? 
  form another disfunctional nation ? 
  our bicycle paths and canals without fences are based on the same principle of taking out foreign people as efficiently as possible . 
  i 'll eat my bitterballen , frikandellen , boerenkool and hollandse nieuwe by myself , then . 
  i dont even want to know, 
  our country dropped bombs on those people our country has n't had an islamic terrorist attack in a long time . 
  our country should not complain our country is at fault as well our country shoud n't take in anyone without question our country should n't hide for the drama it has been causing around the world this applies to more countries than just ours . 
  no stroopwafels for you anymore . 
  one of the two can be researched as statistics . 
  and taste is n't a statistic . 
  you have been banned from / r/cirkeltrek, 
  sorry , church shootings are n't part of dutch culture either . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  you must be new here . 
  also * castlefest ( one of the biggest fantasy/folk festivals in the world . 
  too much to describe in a single post . 
  just google it . ), 
  * rapalje zomerfolk ( organised by rapalje , with many bands and attributes similar-ish to them ) * elfia ( elf fantasy fair ) ( like castlefest but more commercial ) * keltfest ( middle ages , celts , fantasy , knights , folk music and good food/drinks ) * nirwana jaarfeest ( in dronten ) ( mostly guitar based music ) * meerpaaldagen ( in dronten , free entrance , fair and music ) * defqon ( hardstyle i think , not my thing ) * zand ( pop music ) * libelle zomerweek ( target audience : housewives / middle aged women . 
  never been there , but i know it exists ) if you need more info on any of these events , or want to know more events in a specific style , just ask !, 
  they are really just another average rightwing religious party . 
  anti-gay rights , anti-abortion bla bla bla we 've heard it all before . 
  although they really are n't too bad . 
  many of their leaders seem rather down-to-earth for as far as their views allow it . 
  not that i 'd want them in the government , but it 's not like i hate them for who they are . 
  but our cute little biblebelt needs some party to waste their votes on . 
  sgp fills that role . 
  i help people go to places . 
  where others walk with eldery folks , i make sure there is a place they can go to . 
  many of the places i volunteer are non-profit but fill an important place in society . 
  i helped at an event which was for students to start off their year , for example . 
  it introduces them to what they need to know for the year . 
  just because it is n't literally working in a hospital , doesnt mean i dont help people from a hospital . 
  terminally ill children need a place to have fun as well - there are already plenty of people who can do a whole better job of helping them in their clothes .
