  there are few who actually take them outside . 
  ive worked with several organisations which give youth a place to build experience and work on themselves . 
  ive worked in several places which did the same for the disabled , the old , the poor . 
  i 've worked at 2 animal shelters . 
  numerous places with disabled people . 
  even more with children and the elderly . 
  but officially it isnt called `` working with x people '' but `` working at events '' which just so happens to include all those audiences . 
  to say it isnt benificial for society to get people outside once in a while is insulting for both me and the people usually stuck in a daycare , hospital or retirment housing . 
  well those answers can hardly be called conscription . 
  it 's just `` do you want to be in the military y/n ? '', 
  i volunteer a lot in the entertainment industry . 
  that means i help organise a lot of events for people that would otherwise sit at home . 
  not only that , but it helps create a lot of jobs and it 's a big business . 
  tens of thousands of euro 's went through my hands into the economy . 
  a lot of the pros of conscription are in there as well ; i meet people from all over the world in all sort of places , work shifts of up to 12 hours catering to people , controlling traffic , helping disabled people , being out in the middle of nowhere in a tent and making due with what is available . 
  it gave me the skill to lead a team , which i could n't ever do before . 
  it gave me purpose in a dark period of my life . 
  last year i worked with 60 000 people directly , if not more . 
  i find it hard to believe that conscription can top that . 
  i even did my education inbetween those things . 
  so i have all the pros and non of the cons already . 
  but i doubt any government official will agree . 
  that still leaves a lot to interpretation . 
  what if some gov official deems your cause to not be good enough , even if it is ? 
  perhaps so . 
  the entire `` for the community '' mindset is not present everywhere . 
  then what purpose does conscription have if everyone just opts out if they dont feel like doing it ? 
  i assume it 's the problematic kids that are the target audience , but they will be the first to opt out anyways . 
  also a great way to pull a lot of people from the market and other places . 
  oh those volunteers who ran the animal shelter ? 
  nope they 're conscripts now and the animals got put down . 
  the volunteers who visited your grandma weekly because you refuse to ? 
  conscripted - your grandma will now die miserable and alone . 
  i know not everyone does things like volunteering , helping the community , but by taking away everyone for conscription you also take all away all those workers . 
  just so you can say `` look !, 
  we gave guns to a million unmotivated teens ! '', 
  here in the netherlands we have plenty of issues with lack of community workers and volunteers as it is . 
  add conscription and the number will drop even more . 
  beer . 
  but i know i 'm basically a barbarian by my country 's standards . 
  you didnt admit anything . 
  i didnt deny anything . 
  go f\u00fcck youself , 
  also here !, 
  because of your username i assume you are finnish . 
  at least we didnt ally with nazis . 
  probably a counter strike fan . 
  a couple of times . 
  basically the basics of how it works , what the risks are , how to prevent those and also how to handle the social aspects of it . 
  a bunch of reminders that porn isnt realistic and that one should be gentle unless clearly agreed otherwise . 
  then later with biology how the entire reproduction process works . 
  also what puberty does to kids which is really good to know for hormone powered high school kids . 
  i remember how well written the books we had in school were . 
  not childish or skipping around the point . 
  it was very straight to the point and no nonsense and it even had descriptive pictures which in that content werent even arousing , but just informative . 
  at one point near the end of high school ( average age was ~ 18 ) we had a teacher who noticed relationships started forming in class so she wanted to give some more sex ed . 
  the entire class dismissed her halfway through : `` we know that all already . 
  been there done that . '', 
  last year it was frikandel ( fried meat stick ) with mayonaise and sugar sprinkles ( discodel ) . 
  this year i think it is frikandel pie - i dont know im not up to date on food scandals at the moment . 
  we also had pea soup pizza being a thing . 
  i think you need / u/juist _ wel_de_aivd, 
  yeah i know it 's stupid but they need to draw the line somewhere and usually they correct your speed to be a bit lower . 
  about the entire anti-muslim laws part of his plan : it is theoretically possible , but most of his `` laws '' require major changes in the base laws of the country which require an absolute massive support from all parties . 
  let 's not forget most parties are against or even hate wilders and his party - it 's not gon na happen . 
  and even in the absolute miniscule next-to-impossible chance he somehow gets it done , we 're most likely gon na have a civil war . 
  some of the people targetted have been here for many generations . 
  i doubt they 're just going to leave that easily . 
  and many people will support them . 
  in the end it 's very unlikely because even if wilders is rising ( theyve been saying that for fucking years and it never happened ) he 's still gon na have to legally wade through many many levels of politics and opposition . 
  he can still fuck up a lot of other things more easily ( still has to have a majority in our version of congress ) . 
  he could stop funding for things like education or culture , for example . 
  edit : also note that in a multi-party system like ours there is not easily such a thing as winning . 
  its not like the us where there is one winner . 
  1 : declare state of emergency 2 : do whatever, 
  i dont think thats a reliable source . 
  their source isnt either btw . 
  how many people did they poll ? 
  cant find it in their source . 
  i live in one of those european nations and havent seen a poll . 
  and im subscribed to the biggest polling centers of the country . 
  whom did they poll ? 
  did they post a link on stormfront ? 
  tumblr ? 
  facebook ? 
  how do we know its reliable ? 
  all im seeing is theyre trying to force meaningless stats down our throat . 
  stats which are meaningless without context . . 
  why is it always the yanks asking borderline racist things here ? 
  ehrm ... no . 
  i dont think so . 
  many muncipalities and even smaller villages have their own `` anthems '' although its usually a song which the locals identifies themselves with and not something official as in written in official records . 
  since i havent seen norwegian music in this thread yet i have a norwegian indie pop/folk song i like [ glittertind - h\u00f8yr min song ] ( https://youtu.be/8dnarvbsqkw ) glittertind is a former folkmetalband which apparently went indiefolk . 
  the call of the mountains !, 
   that would be like christians wanting to go back to old testament laws ... 
  this is the case for some . 
  ! = means does not equal so not all islamist are extremist . 
  all islamic immigration ! = extremist . 
  i think pvv opposes green energy . 
  at least they want to stop all funding for it .
