  depends on the subject . 
  one day he will protect the poor , the next day he will sell their houses and deny them food . 
  his anti-muslim sentiment is rather consistently getting worse . 
  so he basically wants to ban every part of being a muslim which in effect is the same . 
  he just does n't want to literally ban being a muslim because that would bring down the last credit he has to the word `` freedom '' . 
  that 's basic politics . 
  http://www.pvv.nl/index.php/visie.html i can read just fine thanks, 
  so its impossible for wilders , someone who changes his policies every few months , to copy trump 's policies ? 
  well ... wilders copied trump 's slogan and made it `` make the netherlands great again '' . 
  the one true difference is that wilders focusses even more on muslims going up to `` ban all muslims ( or worse ) '' instead of limiting immigration . 
  the idea for a wall is also there . 
  oh yeah ; trump 's plans are actually more elaborated than wilders ' as the latter 's campaign points fit on a single sheet of paper . 
  further points which can be condensed into `` fuck poor people '' are quite similar . 
  in conclusion : wilders tries very hard to copy the succes of trump . 
  still is like that - however the voices to push legalisation are starting to turn into a mighty roar . 
  i have high ( hehe ) hopes for the future . 
  good thing that it 's finally starting to shift . 
  everyone but some old conservatives is pushing the legalisation through . 
  and it has 27 languages and 45 moderators each pushing their own rules and agenda . 
  i know some people who do . 
  and / r/thenetherlands is fairly active . 
  what do you want to do ? 
  visit historic places ? 
  sightseeing ? 
  sports ? 
  just hanging out chilling maxin relaxin all cool ? 
  walk barefoot in the night '', 
  it is for me . 
  if i ever want to commit suicide effectively i will hire a car ( first danger ) in paris , france ( second danger ) to drive over the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es ( third danger ) and then circle the arc de triomphe a few times ( certain death ) . 
  they 're too close to you . 
  it spreads . 
  soon they 'll also fling all their limbs around when talking really fast . 
  creditcards are n't part of dutch culture - at all . 
  why spend money you do n't even own ? 
  we do have pin, 
  the temperature of the water here is the same winter and summer . 
  i guess that 's the advantage of having the pipes run deep underground . 
  quite common in especially older dutch housing . 
  you get used to it . 
  i know my shower : left goes 3.3 times around - right goes full open . 
  always on target . 
  the joy of living in a 40 year old apartment . 
  i think it depends on which region in the netherlands . 
  the south wants flanders - the east wants germany - the north will rise again - the west has never seen a belg irl, 
  and they still have to return our bicycles !, 
  and with low interest we mean : it 's like 0,01 %, 
  norway or sweden seem nice . 
  or maybe germany if i dont want too much change . 
  also only speaks hungarian . 
  `` we need your help ! '', 
  is for the seasonal migration like birds and whales do, 
  many bad people here , but few as dangerous as those who rule . 
  there 's a number of high ranking politicians who should not be . 
  geert wilders is probably one of the worst of them . 
  please tell me that `` changed situation '' has nothing to do with supposed terrorism, 
  those 20 farmers in groningen sure are a major political movement . 
  money ? 
  in * my * wallet ? 
  whaaaaat ? 
  i think thats slightly different . 
  nope , not the same . 
  complaining is the favorite european pasttime activity . 
  it may be an issue of a minority ruining it for the majority . 
  but theres definitely a lot of people who are annoying with it . 
  if those things are everywhere and obscure the view ( at a concert ) it gets old real fast . 
  natural selection . 
  pointing a camera at yourself 24/7 is a major sign of extreme narcism . 
  being more focussed on a camera than other people , or the world in general , is a major sign of an egocentric . 
  just naming a few examples . 
  literally never had that . 
  maybe cause my group of friends is very generous and doesnt make problems out of everything . 
  because splitting bills is normal its never problematic in my experience . 
  although rounds of beer in pubs are still done often . 
  note to other dutch : if it 's not done in your pub , it must be a shitty pub . 
  okay i guess so ... git add ` sudoku ' git commit, 
  dont act like you never made a typo when in a hurry to catch the bus im so ashamed right now, 
  and thank god for that . 
  not because am/pm is hard , but because programming it would take extra time to do . 
  when you tell a computer to boot at 22:00 it does so at 10pm . 
  i know facebook ad manager has trouble with shit like that . 
  baaaah baaaah baaah baaaaah broom broom broom !, 
  gokkasten , mayonaise en frieten !, 
  also : lol is something special . 
  lol is actually a dutch word for fun ( a.i. 
  having fun - lol hebben ) . 
  so therefore we use lol , often in a semi-english way . 
  ive also heard proost very often . 
  also : 3 sneezes in a row means sunshine tomorrow . 
  i actually know things about politics , or when to shut up if i dont know some detail . 
  both are generally not that bad . 
  they are , perhaps , compared to other dutch cities , but they are nowhere near a whole lot of other western european cities when it comes to being bad . 
  i would still nominate lelystad as being worse than almere . 
  for all the nice things almere has , lelystad only has bad things . 
  i do think lelystad is worse . 
  at least almere has a lot of good things like being a very green city and actually having activities * besides * getting robbed . 
  generally , living in almere is not that bad . 
  there 's a reason so many people live there and it 's not because it 's cheap anymore . 
  almere had a bad mayor and city counsel from day 1 . 
  corrupt and stupid . 
  the castle is probably the biggest monument to this ( l did a schoolproject on it ) .
