  this would be a natural expansion eastwards of nato in a continous belt of aligned economies and nations . 
  with kalinengrad is not russia already a few marches from berlin ? 
  i think russia has some double standards of epic portions here . 
  considering that they have bases in the middle of europe : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad_chkalovsk, 
  you make it sound like britain . 
  but is not the trend that low-paying individuals with lack of job security has a higher birth rate ? 
  but it is meant as `` the rest of europe which is outside of us '' . 
  kind of like `` upriver '' does not mean that we are not currently on the river . 
  or `` head out to sea '' does not imply that you ma not be at sea already . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_tordenskjold http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nansen http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gunnar_s%c3%b8nsteby http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amundsen, 
  i guess there would be units which a nation controlled and could gi to war with , and there would be transnational eu-wide units which only the eu through parlament could go to war with . 
  in a transition period that is , in a future fully federal europe , i would presume all military would be under control of a federal europe , except national guards . 
  great . 
  i see the caucasus not only as a place where the eu can bring stability and prosperity , but a region which ultimatly is destined to be a part of the eu . 
  albeit it may take decades . 
  reservedness to strangers . 
  there is no silver bullet . 
  every nation has to create growth from their pecuiliar culture , circumstance and economic structure . 
  tweaking parameters and gradually trying to find out what works . 
  and in that regard i think germany has done very well , it is not perfect , but they are the last in the eu to be questioned in terms of not doing enough as is evident by the turn of the german economy for the last decade and the pills that the germans have had to swallow . 
  as for your point about racing to the bottom , maybe the bottom is where we should be , that is relativly at the bottom , on equal footing with the rest of the world . 
  preserve our european life ? 
  what is that ? 
  some kind of zoo where europe uses its position in the world to keep other countires underdeveloped so they can not compete with us ? 
  if we can not compete with the rest of the world and keep our lifestyle , then maybe our lifestyle is not substainable . 
  maybe 7 billion people around the world can not live the `` european life '' , and globalization being what it is , unstoppable given advances in communication , i would take a great deal of eurocentrism and hubris to say that we europeans are entitled to a different kind of life outside of the global game . 
  you might find some vietnamese and brazilians how do n't see it that way . 
  or maybe the endgame is that everyone can live this life ? 
  well then it can not be achieved before we all compete on equal footing . 
  in that case , should europe wreck itself so we can sqeeze the last prosperity out of our position before we have been played out by the rest of the world , or adapt to a globalized world ? 
  deprivation of national unity and institutions . 
  denmark had it 's own written language , its own universities , etc. 
  by the ideological nationalism and romantiscm that blossomed in the years after 1814 , it must have meant something for the people who lived then . 
  but nothing on the scale of exploitation i pressume ? 
  it would be fun to see how much money central goverment in copenhagen extracted from norway and how much it invested back . 
  by pure hate . 
  is she from alaska ? 
  what, 
  the sequel is never any good . 
  we have a moderator with an american flag , this is only an issue because it is israel . 
  no , because i lack knowledge of the conflict . 
  but what i do not lack , is the knowledge that when something does not make sense , it is more likely that i do not have the full picture , rather than the world being inconsistant . 
  aftenposten seen as a tool for the conservatives ? 
  where are commenting from ? 
  the year 1887 ? 
  atleast that is how it seems for you , but have you considered that there may be factors that you do not know about ? 
  let us clap for erdogan . 
  better than straight on benefits , never employed again . 
  it makes the employees more attractive than those who do working for future employers . 
  it is quite easy to find yourself falling to the bottom of the pile with applications if you have something that stands out , like long periods of unemployment . 
  also do not forget the benefit for mental health to have a job as opposed to go idle . 
  this is the same principle as with `` attf\u00f8ring '' . 
  hitler is hinding in belarus, 
  if numbers is the only thing that matters , then you can just say that they are on benefit or find some other class to classify them that does not count towards the unemployment figure . 
  sometimes just a part time job or temp job is better than no job , because sometimes people need a soft reintroduction into the life of employment . 
  if you have not worked for 10 years say , some people may be hesitant to give you a chance . 
  i guess the school gave me the fundamentals ( we start in 3rd grade ) , then just large amounts of tv , books and internet did the trick . 
  interesting . 
  the largest container ships carry around 18 000 tau ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twenty-foot_equivalent_unit ) . 
  if they stack them like this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:dttx_724681_20050529_il_rochelle.jpg i assume this is about 4 taus per wagon , which would give us about 4500 wagons , if each wagon is about 14m long with its connector , a equivalent train would have to be 200 kilometers long . 
  if each train would have to have a 20km safety distance which would be needed to break a train this size of this speed , a 10214km railway ( double line ) would only be able to handle about 40-50 trains . 
  a fast google search claims that there are 9000 container ships in the world . 
  and then we are not even counting oil tankers . 
  in other words , is this anything but a novelty ? 
  maybe getting a tiny piece of the market of goods that needs to be delivered pretty fast , but is to heavy to be flown . 
  i do n't know what kind of commodity that would be, 
  british tabloids go from 0 to godwin in 3.4 seconds . 
  did the underlying point of japan go over the head of eurosceptic tory mp julian brazier ? 
  japan is clearly saying that they will shift investments to the continent because that is where the market is . 
  they are not saying something larger about the faith of the uk . 
  it is called the same in norwegian : hvitrussland . 
  i just came from the beach listening to two large families barbecuing and having fun while laughingly pointing out to each other in norwegian ( so they must have been different ethnicities ) things they did that violated ramadan . 
  such as `` you do n't wear any shoes !, 
  it is ramadan !, 
  it is haram ! '', 
  while i am sure that the moral-police is very active here as well , it was very refreshing to behold that there is some pluralism in the matter . 
  it is because of the virus that is wahabism , which indirectly and directly spreads it hate through the region . 
  political islam is going to grow until it collapses because it can not deliver on its promises . 
  as with every extreme ideology , but sadely i think it may take decades and those will be lost decades for alot of countries inside the saudi arabian sphere of influence . 
  it spreads like facism did in the 1930s . 
  facism was more than a form of goverment in the western nations of germany , italy and spain . 
  it was an idea that took hold of the western world . 
  in the us , in the uk , in south america , in scandinavia , everywhere there was facist movements with varying degree of success . 
  facism was able to take over germany because of poverty , but the idea of allure of facism itself was a part of the zeitgeist of the era . 
  it has little to do with poor economy or outlook , because it has been a lot worse without religion turning extreme before . 
  forms of islam that are alot more moderate , like sufism , developed in times when people had it far far worse off than today . 
  maybe just political islam is resonating very much with the islamic zeitgeist and saudi arabia is using this to spread it 's ideas . 
  `` armies can not stop an idea whose time has come '', 
  sadly that can be said for most of the eu, 
  `` germany produced a --  record < -- 23.9 gigawatts of electricity yesterday from thousands of solar photovoltaic systems '' as far as the german government is concerned they have succeeded in getting this high percentage of renewable energy . 
  a culling of the sector as subsidies and grants from the government and general investment is falling is nothing unexpected or undesired . 
  yes macedonia is the cradle of western civilization , it is a travesty to have a eu without it . 
  mitteleuropa will rise again !, 
  joke aside . 
  the british fear germany as an economic power much more than germany as a military power . 
  the fear of money being shifted from london to frankfurt . 
  it should say `` far-right '' . 
  the fact that a right-wing party tops the poll is nothing strange or unusual in any european country . 
  and every other politician at any time in history . 
  i am sure china would love that .
