  fatah and israel enjoys such a good relation now , that israel trains and arms fatah security forces . 
  sure they have their quarrels , but they are at diplomatic level . 
  if fatah was not thrown out of the gaza strip , who knows where we would have been today . 
  or maybe fatah is changing because they see this as the only path towards peace . 
  anyway , i think the good relations that israel is building with fatah today , builds to peace of tomorrow when hamas is thrown out of the strip . 
  edit : dowvoters . 
  feel free to refute my points . 
  so who rules this nation of palestine ? 
  fatah or hamas ? 
  now they use you . 
  that is the nature of trust is it not . 
  i see a correlation . 
  a correlation between mistrust of norway and debt problems . 
  what would you say is the key reason ? 
  an please do n't say goldman sachs . 
  my impression was that he downplayed his religion . 
  why ca n't mormons be presidents ? 
  obama may have alot of good qualities , but his total lack of transatlanterism is not one of them . 
  greece needs a thacherpoulos, 
  that sounds awfully low , it that at federal level only ? 
  eu budget : 138 billion euro norwegian state budget : 168 billion euro oh this monsterous large eu ... 
  but it makes me wonder . 
  if the german republic was guarded by the prussian military tradition with a sense of democratic duty to protect it , would hitler have had a chance ? 
  ops , sorry for godwin-ing this thread . 
  so ethnic germans who lived in modern day poland , who may have lived there for hundreds of years , should be punished for a war started by their ethnic german cousines in germany ? 
  maybe they should punish the german-americans as well . 
  turkey should deal with the armenian genocide . 
  and the assyrian etc. . no doubt . 
  but it 's not like turkey is the only nation in the world whose pride is in the way of them doing the right thing . 
  japan has a hard time dealing with its role in ww2 , but would we hold that against them if they were off the coast off europe and wanted to join ? 
  i do n't know . . but i think we are too harsh on turkey sometimes . 
  in time they will do what is right , we just have to take it gradually . 
  by taking the square of the area and divide it by the population . 
  i am guessing that anyone who claims to be a ethnic turk ( whatever that is ) or kurd is labeled a muslim in census , even if he is secular . 
  while greeks , armenians etc are labeled christian , even if they are secular . 
  i agree on that point , but to play the devils advocate a little . 
  the democracy is defined by the constitution , but who defends the constitution ? 
  who stops the president from proclaiming himself a dictator ? 
  it may be far-fetched for modern european democracies to think about , but is an mechanism which has to be in place . 
  it 's basically just about checks and balances . 
  the military has to fear the people as much as the politicians and judicial system . 
  the turkish military has defended the republic many times and turkey is no military dictatorship . 
  the generals have ceded the power back to the elected leaders . 
  the military seem to take their role as civic duty . 
  if the military is conscripted by the people , it is a function of the people . 
  i am not saying that this is ideal , but it has worked for turkey . 
  in my country , the king is supposed to defend the constitution and he is the leader of the armed forces and the church . 
  that is principally not any worse than what turkey has as a setup now . 
  if the eu had not intentions of letting turkey join , why would they fund projects in turkey ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2107942/britain-gives-80m-aid-turkey-help-upgrade-nation-s-sewer-system.html ) and engage in so many accession processes ? 
  i think you are moving leaps forwards , but i think the fact that turkey has to wait while former ottoman colonies are accepted , is a great thorn in the turkish pride , which is used by turkish politicians to create a sense that the eu does not want turkey to join . 
  who cares about the differences today , it 's about building a common future . 
  europe should not be christian club and turkey should not try to be some new caliphate . 
  i think turks want the same thing as eu citizens . 
  economic opportunities , a future for themselves and their children and freedom from oppression . 
  both are greek names . 
  well , the turks/ottomans were the boogey man of the europe for 500 years . 
  they were the horde that was at the doorstep of europe . 
  even when you went at sea , they could reach you . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_abductions . 
  people were scared shitless i am sure . 
  were the ottomans any worse than european powers at the time ? 
  nope . 
  but that is not the point , the point is the kind of myths that is created when you have an enemy living on your doorstep , but not having any contact with him . 
  stereotypes die very very slowly . 
  just ask the jews . 
  as for the negative people on this thread . 
  travel to istanbul before you judge what modern turkey is all about . 
  quite a few turks do n't want to be in the eu and quite a few europeans does not want turkey in the eu . 
  the problem is , those people do the talking and set the discourse , polarizing both sides . 
  there are alot of us `` europeans '' who want turkey to join , but as always it 's about self selecting groups of people . 
  people who are turkophobic are the ones who are riled up enough to comment these threads . 
  i do n't think the eu wants turkey to cede land . 
  tell me , is there a party in turkey which is both secular and economically liberal ? 
  seems me that the parties with the ` right ' stance on social/religious issues , have antiquated economic views and vice versa . 
  do n't let the akp wash away the secular nature of modern turkey , just because they are the only one offering a path to economic growth . 
  trust but verify . 
  first wave : estonia , czech rep second wave : slovakia , slovenia , urban hungary , latvia , urban poland , russia ( with more reforms ) third wave : lithuania , croatia , urban romania , urban bulgaria , rural hungary , russia ( with less reforms ) forth wave : serbia , montenegro , urban ukraine , kalinengrad , rural poland fifth wave : albania , kosovo , bosnia , macedonia , rural romania , rural bulgaria , rural ukraine sixth : belarus , moldova i split some of the bigger countries into two , urban/rural , as these countries would have a less uniform transformation than say latvia . 
  clearly the north/south divide even exists within the south . 
  which can only mean one of two things , this is either a fractal or connected with a shift in the magnetic field of the earth . 
  oh you silly little fringy celt . 
  it 's all about preserving englishness . 
  the eu is bad because it would make the uk less englishy . 
  scottish independenace is bad , because it would make scottland less englishy . 
  now , go back to your herding . 
  norway is and has always been the only shield between the continental european powers and crab-people . 
  when the screening was cancelled and they start rooting for mohammed ... 
  i felt like i was watching a monty python skit . . 
   but most people think that it 's only fair that if you make more , you should pay more . 
  there is a difference between paying more and paying progressively more . 
  does this rate only apply to salary , or does it apply to dividends as well ? 
  i assume only the former . 
  as for mye two eurocents : 1 ) i think this is a morally wrong decision . 
  i think taking 3/4 of what you earn ( even from a point ) is something that 99 % of the population would find highly offensive if it happend to them . 
  anything over 50 % would virtually render any man to the slave of the goverment in my eyes . 
  2 ) i think it is technically stupid , because people will find another way . 
  companies will hire people from non-french offices and branches , and if it does not apply to dividends , rich people will only channel their bulk of money into that , which they basically do now . 
  it is the hallmark of socialists to think that the economic system is not highly adaptable and that they can tweak one or two parameters without creating any unintended consequences . 
  this is nothing but a symbolic act to please the voter base of hollande , you know , that he is `` getting the rich '' , while has a far bigger downside than any potential upside . 
  think about it , risking that much in unitended consquences , for a little drop of revenue , which will vaporize as companies find other ways to pay their leaders . 
  either that or bosnia .
