  erdogan believes it is the ideas of islam , therefor turkey has only the choice between two statist systems . 
  where erdogan wins because he has been able to turn the economy and reform the country . 
  i wish there was a centrist pro-reform pro-euro party in turkey who are not crypto-islamists . 
  seems to me like the opposition are all old fashioned leftist statists . 
  sure , they are secular minded , but can they deliver the economic growth , or are they just borderline kamalist cultists who can not find a common platform which looks like something which will take turkey forward in a global economy . 
  of state leaders who just do n't get it , he ranks pretty high . 
  the world does not need to react , estonian goverment/military would take them out . 
  russia would have to cross a line if they wanted to move troops into estonia . 
  they would without a doubt been seen as an aggressor . 
  the problem with crimea , was that the russian soldiers were already there . 
  which enabled this slow takeover which was hard for the west to counter hard . 
  are these ethnic russians or russian `` volksdeutsche '', 
  except france , which should be unapologetically french . 
  they are talked about like they were cattle . 
  hopefully this misrepresents the news , because if not , russia just took 60 years in reverse , in one big step . 
  problem is of course , that tartars have a higher birth rate than the russians , meaning that they and the ukrainians would sooner or later be more dominant , which would endanger what russia recently has acquired . 
  when you policy is based on ethnicity , then suddenly changes in ethnic character becomes an issue , and then , well , history tells the rest of the story . 
  my point . 
  the us is not going to give the eu influence , they have to take it . 
  and the eu is very much in the position to take it , if it so chooses . 
  i could differentiate a slavic language into west/east/south slavic . 
  but that is it . 
  maybe i could spot russian and polish . 
  polish is to me russian spoken by a french person . 
  with germanic languages my weak spot would be icelandic vs faroese , and dutch vs frisan vs afrikaans . 
  you feel offended that this is news ( worthy ) ? 
  i have stopped watching dash cam videos . 
  when norway sees the time fit , the eu will allowed to join norway as 28 seperate new `` fylker '' . 
  the mackerel must flow . 
  vladimir putin , driving european integration since 2000 . 
  that is a funeral procession over ukraines future . 
  black putin looks sri lankan or a oompa loompa , or a sri lankan oompa loompa . 
  i wonder what the pr/econmomic cost of this is for russia in europe . 
  a lot of people might find their new russian passprots in their mail . 
  i guess the new ukrainian government main task is not to make this a ukrainian vs russian issue , but create a government which works for the betterment of the whole ukraine . 
  not use this as a power grab from the eastern part of the country , but offer a path towards a liberal democracy . 
  i am sure young ethnic russians and russian-speaking ukrainians is equally fed up with the autocratic cleptocrats as the ukrainians are . 
  revolution will come to russia . 
  if not next month , within the next 10 years . 
  what the ukrainians are mad about , applies in russia as well . 
  the russians are not less educated than the ukrainians . 
  and i would presume their middle class is growing much faster , it is a ticking time bomb . 
  i thought medjedev might have been a move to ease the transition from autocratism to liberal democracy , but guess who is back . 
  nationalistic russians who see the west opening its mouth on ukraine akin to an invasion trying to eradicate russian civilization . 
  the tartars have a higher birth rate , so that problem would likely solve itself in a couple of decades . 
  that is scary , but not as scary as the comments on rt.com, 
  must be depardieu, 
  i do n't see a problem with breaking a treaty as long as the nations are willing to take the consequence of this . 
  it is treaties nature to be temporal . 
  if we allow ourself self to be blindly ruled by old treaties , we are letting ourself be ruled by our forefathers ideas and context . 
  seems like both the us and russia is more than willing to take the consequence , which is the birth of a new cold war . 
  i honestly think that alot of the old guard in washington and moscow want a new cold war to revitalize their country . 
  europe should not allow itself to be a chess board for these actors . 
  treaties have no value in themselves , they are just a reflection of a general agreement among nations . 
  by forcing one nation to adhere to the treaty , is to use cohersion against that nation and invalidates the premise of the treaty . 
  there must be equal benefits for all parties to adhere to the treaty . 
  since the world is dynamic and evolving , treaties lose their life . 
  because treaties are so weak structures , they are often not respected and usually signed with one party having a gun to their head . 
  literally or figuratively . 
  geopolitical instability increases energy prices which russia depend heavily on ( 60 % of exports ) . 
  it would solidify the split of ukraine , creating a new iron curtain , and give them even slimmer chances of emerging out of this crisis as an independent country . 
  russia would love that . 
  the eu long game is to gradually eat more and more influence eastwards . 
  it must be very frustrating for the russians to watch , but if they try to fight it , they are on the wrong side of history . 
  the autocratic rulers of russia know that when this force reaches their doorstep , it will be they who flee from a new generation of people who want more out of their leadership than cleptocratic autocrats . 
  also , most people are not homeless because they ca n't somewhere to live , but other more serious underlying issues . 
  so they are a russian milita ? 
  ukrainian-russian or russian-russian . 
  if we are to begin repartitioning land lost during wars and revolutions of the last century , russia could start with leaving kaliningrad . 
  clearly what is done is done . 
  europe is redrawn for better and worse , and only more conflict can come from not accepting that fact . 
  in a ideal world , the fact that one ethnic group is in majority in a part of the country should not matter , as politics and policies should be tailored to maximize the opportunities and well being of individuals , and not particular ethnic groups . 
  what is good for tartars , russians and ukrainians is pretty much the same . 
  the so called terrorist facists ... 
  it lies closer to stockholm than stockholm does to london . 
  probably because schr\u00f6der is running around in the corridors of power in berlin for his buddy putin . 
  nationalist greeks volunteered to fight with the serbs in the wars of the 1990s . 
  i guess it is because they both are orthodox . 
  there is not a single thing that poland can not do , except perhaps muster a good national football team which reflects the size of their population . 
  ask yourself , who will bring about the change you want to see in turkey most effectivly . 
  the process of reforming to meet the eu criteria or erdogans personal vision for turkey ? 
  be careful what you hope for . 
  not really middle eastern either . 
  being italian ( or itaaaaaaaalien ) is a special thing in america , it is like the epitome of having old world roots . 
  it 's the hardest currency of european ancestoral credentials . 
  it 's the embodiement of european culture . 
  why do you say that ? 
  its not like the eu would take the oil is it ? 
  they did not reverse paid paternal leave did they ? 
  they want to remove the requirement that the mother and father have to split a certain amount of weeks . 
  they are like the poster boy for liberal conservatism . 
  could you elaborate on the turkish foreign policy ? 
  i have never heard of neo-ottomanism is a positive context . 
  and norway is a member of the eea , so a polish plumber has the same access right to norway as the uk , provided he can find work . 
  there are 75 000 polish working/living in norway , about 650 000 in the uk . 
  the uk population is 12 times that of norway . 
  in other words , britain , which by the eurosceptics is said to be overrun by polish , has in fact in proportion less polish than norway . 
  also nearing 130 000 polish have worked in norway since 2004 , and research on the matter has shown that despite this large influx of workers , salaries have not been stagnant or falling . 
  they are not taking jobs , they are filling a gap . 
  could you give me a concrete example of some brussel law or mandate , that has affected the uk badly , which norway have dodged because of its looser coupling with the eu .
