  from what i have gathered she has been shunned by the norwegian bosniak community . 
  the spending % is a shared goal , not a requirement for the allience . 
  every country brings different things to the alliance . 
  take for example turkey which controls the bosporos and has a large standing army between europe/me/russia . 
  that has signifigant geo-political value . 
  and of much more importance than if they spend 1.8 % or 2.3 % of gdp on their military . 
  also , there is no use in spending more money if it does not result in effective increases in military strength . 
  the military is a govermental bureaucracy like any other , and it is inherently wasteful and it is not always the case that more money is the right answer . 
  while i agree that many eu members should increase their spending on military . 
  they should spend more effort and money on integrating their forces and developing better logistics and common command structures . 
  i do n't think erdogan wants to turn turkey into a islamic state . 
  i just think he finds the democratic process a hinderence to bring about the policies he wants at the speed that he wants . 
  he sees no prinicipal or ethical value to democracy . 
  he is looking at china and the west , and he thinks that the chinese model will better fit turkey . 
  i am more afraid of who will inherit this system in the future . 
  if erdogan is creating a new generation of religious children in a new education system with desentralized control along akp-party lines and with no enforced secularity and radical spillover from syria/iraq , who knows when the true islamic hardliners start showing up . 
  istanbul is farther north than most people think . 
  99 % of greece is south of istanbul . 
  most of spain . 
  new york and istanbul share the same latitude . 
  https://www.yr.no/place/turkey/istanbul/istanbul/statistics.html?spr=eng https://www.yr.no/place/united_states/new_york/new_york/statistics.html?spr=eng pretty similar climate , new york being more extreme ( goes higher in summer , and lower in winter in the extremes ), 
  having snow at sea level . 
  very european . 
  you can into . 
  joke aside . 
  it is not that very ucommon with snow in instabul is it ? 
  i mean orhan pamuk even wrote a book about it . 
  our economic models will without doubt converge for the next decades , but i am not sure that it is them who will be more like us and not vice versa . 
  perfect climate . 
  to bad it is built on a super vulcano timebomb . 
   if there had n't been a new attack on july 14th , it would have ended already , and this was not foreseeable . 
  this state of emergency is not only dictated by the amount of terror that is done against france , but also the amount of terror that is planned and stopped by the goverment . 
  which the civilian population knows very little about . 
  all credit expansions must come to an end i guess . 
  the people watching was a part of his gang/group ? 
  the people at the bottom of the stairs naturally went to check on her . 
  the uk has all kinds of exotic judical systems https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_arbitration_tribunal, 
  i said it is obvious that afghanistan is considered safe enough by the goverment by the fact that they withdrew forces and send back 99 % of people . 
  safety is a gradient and relative , plenty of places in the world have unsafe areas in them . 
  i am sure 95 % of afghanistan is much safer than the worst parts of paris ? 
  seems to me you just might lose your life going to the beach in nice or a concert in paris as much as going to the market i kabul . 
  also , do you think afghanistan has ever been a completely safe place ? 
  or that it will be in the next 50 years . 
  if afghanistan is such a dangerous place that is not liveable to a degree that simply being from afghanistan should result in refugee status , then we should never have ended our isaf participation in afghanistan . 
  it goes without saying that afghanistan is considered safe enough , that is not to say that there is not the need to accept refugees from afghanistan on an individual basis , based on their individual situations . 
  but we can not accept every young man en masse just because they are afghan . 
  which is the ultimate conclusion of people who say that we can not send them back because it is not safe . 
  novel idea : you can both have strong borders and help people in strife outside them . 
  `` when a nation is filled with strife , then do patriots flourish . '', 
  - lao tzu yet 2500 year after these words were written , many people have not understood the mechanism . 
  merkel is one of them . 
  norway has better lit roads and highways . 
  try driving from gothenburg to oslo at night . 
  the experience south of the border is something that can be called `` russian moose rulette '' , you literally can not see anything except a small cone of light before you . 
  maybe a better term is peak-globalism . 
  so a president must find himself a vice president who align 100 % with him on all issues on a personal level ? 
  a presidential ticket is based on a platform of politics . 
  and politics is a process with parlaments , advisors , ministers , govermental offices etc. 
  it 's not trump/pence sitting in a room deciding willy nilly how they think the us should be . 
  you really think that russia is so clever and resourceful that it can steer the politics of both the eu and the us ? 
  they may fuel the fire , but they did not start it . 
  here is a novel idea : maybe a large part of the french population think that mass-immigration has turned into a net negative drain on france both economically and culturally . 
  maybe they feel that i does not matter if they vote conservative or socialist , the problems just pile up anyway . 
  maybe they feel that le pen is their only choice when the issue of immigration is their driving political issue . 
  do you think he will wipe it out ? 
  or neuter it ? 
  i mean having an weak opposition is a good thing if you are a de-facto dictator , because then you can point to them as evidence of your well functioning democracy . 
  how far is he willing to go . 
  do you think that he will ? 
  is that before or after inflation ? 
  that is not how crises work ... 
  ooh-la-la , someone 's gon na get laid in college . 
  but still , from my experience , 32c in norway was worse than 45c in palm springs . 
  - higher humidity - the sun is lower in the sky . 
  - lack of ac infrastructure . 
  less than the amount of us soldiers who died liberating europe in 1944/5 ? 
  but at least after brexit i hope that france , germany and poland can push towards an common european army . 
  europe is not truely safe , before it can 100 % guarantee its own safety . 
  let us not forget that germany and japan were given security guarantees by the us for not militarizing again . 
  this was so that they could not rival the us again . 
  you could say that this dependece on the us is by design . 
  i see that , and there is absolutly room for larger spending in europe and nato leaders have commited to this . 
  but here are some considerations : - the military is a bureaucracy and thus is an inherently wasteful organization . 
  one does not simply increase the spending by throwing more money on the fire , you have to spend your money wisely , build new effective structures . 
  - just focusing on % of gdp is an autistic metric . 
  different members bring different things to the table . 
  geopolitical advanteges for the alliance etc. 
  some countries benefit of being weapon exporters . 
  also some countries like norway have an inflated gdp based on offshore economic activity . 
  - cooperation between european powers is what will give the most military effectiveness for the bucks . 
  as europe has the military hardware , but lack the logisitics/common command structure . 
  europe does need more planes or tanks , it needs more structure , but the uk has been blocking most attempts at this at eu level . 
  this will change now . 
  - you use germany as an example , but how can the us blame germany for not spending more money on defence fast enough , when they have enforced restrictions on the bundeswehr , on its size and operational capabilities . 
  an common eu army would solve alot of problems . 
  it just rolls off the tongue . 
  if you have a universal democracy , if you think that democratic participation is a universal right , then one thing is immutable , the democratic process itself . 
  if a party that wants to dismantle the democracy is voted in , this is not valid and it is unconstitutional . 
  if democracy is a universal right , they can not take this this from everyone who did not vote hamas . 
  they have only been given the mandate to rule within the framework of democracy , not to temper with it .
