  but with the transportation revolution and refridgeration , you can drink milk from the other side of europe . 
  you can eat african meat and use cheap asian electronics . 
  and at that point , capitalism , or the market economy to be more precise , is inevitible . 
  by humans think that our ideas shape the world , but it natural laws and mass-human behaviour that shape the world . 
  capitalism was not born from philosophers who thought it was a good idea , it sprung up by itself and the present day philosophers mearly observed and commented it . 
  this goes for any ideology or historic event . 
  few things exist in a vacuum . 
  europe is sick , the south even more so . 
  let 's reform the shit out of this continent and usher in the european century . 
  catholism vs protestantism would be a better guess, 
  with these frequencies i am guessing everything but black/dark brown, 
  this is an alternative to a dumpster , not adoption . 
  berlin has a higher frequency than gothenburg ... seems wrong, 
  what do valve software use economists for ? 
  it 's rigid socieities which can not facilitate growth , even if its population is highly educated . 
  its decades of misuse of money , lack of reforms , basically being lazy in the sense that its better to push the problem into the future , than to deal with them now . 
  well , problems pile up at the end . 
  then suddenly globalization lets new players on the field , tigers from the far east and the baltics . 
  economies which because of historical reasons does not have this overhead . 
  this is a problem in all of europe , but it most acute in the south at present time . 
  northern europe had their crisis and clean up in the early 90s for the most part . 
  in the uk , alittle earlier . 
  i have said it before , and i will say it again , what greece needs is a thatcher . 
  what about albanians ... 
  this is austerity . 
  i understand the need to punish old parties for not doing their job , but what i find amazing is that the greeks let their corrupt no-good leaders go on for decades without punishing them in the polls , but once greece is in dire need of stability and to stay on the course , the greeks choose to bring in de-stabilizing elements to politics . 
  no wonder the pragmatic germans are shaking their heads in disbelief . 
  then i guess you will be leaving the country either way . 
  you do n't need an absolute scale , you just need to observe that candidates that are left of the mainstream and considered leftist in their political climate has a large discrepancy between the solutions they have in the election and what they actually implement once in power , where they no longer have the luxery of not taking responsiblity of the policy . 
  alexis tsipras is going to be told by advisors who knows these matters at level far beyond his own , that his policies will hurt greece far more than any austerity right now , and he will have second thoughts . 
  like obama , like hollande , like any leftist change & trade ; - and hope & trade ; - maker , their promises break as soon as they have to relate to the real situation at hand . 
  he is mormon ... 
  communist , facist etc should be a derogatory term in any democratic nation . 
  maybe too fast . . 
  i mean norway ( and alot of other countries ) would sooner or later join the eu as it is today , but if it turns federal , it just might be a too high threshold to take in on step . 
  reforms , reforms , reforms , security and some investment from the eu . 
  this is how history is made . 
  i hate to bring up muslims as an example , but letting muslims operate their own sharia courts is a segregational policy . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16522447 http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/7232661.stm, 
  serbian women does not like serbian men ? 
  maybe people are attracted to people who do n't look like everyone else they know . 
  first of all , lets establish that culture ! = ethnicity . 
  because many people think that if you do n't want a multicultural society , you do n't want a multi-ethnically society . 
  not true . 
  i oppose multiculturalism because i think its natural that a population moves towards a monoculture . 
  just look at the us , hundreds of cultures mixing together , but it only takes two generations before immigrants are integrated into american culture . 
  therefore i think every policy that promotes multiculturalism is a waste , and it also slows integration of immigrants into their new society . 
  it 's not because my culture is better , its just that immigrants culture has no possibility to survive for anything more than a couple of generations in this new country . 
  for the same reason i am not a nationalist in any sense and a eu-federalist , because i know that sooner or later , european culture will converge into a common european culture . 
  i see the current nation states as a poor multicultural policy which will not survive in the future of europe . 
  did the turkish state do this , or is the turkish judicial system flawed in such a way that someone could use it as a basis to punish this pianoist . 
  there is a difference . 
  turke has a law against insulting turkishness ( tm ) ( r ) ( c ) , stupid i know , so anyone could take anyone to court on those charges . 
  cleary the person taking this to court , is a religious nut ( civilian or offical ) that uses this law as a proxy to silence him . 
  turkey is part islam =  you insult turkey =  offence . 
  but how will the judicical system do with the case , that is the important question . 
  to sum up . 
  i do n't see this as turkey having a long way too go before joining the eu because it is religiously mad , but because its judicial system is needs more reform . 
  i tend to agree with this . 
  we have to reserve the word for grand scale systematic killing based on ethnicity . 
  i do n't think sebrenica was a part of a wider plan of exterminating the bosniaks , it was the massacre of a city , which sadly has been done as long as people have been warring . 
  would they also not kill the women if it was a grand genocidal plan ? 
  they wanted to weaken the bosnianks militarly . 
  if nato had not intervened , it may very well have become a genocide , who knows . 
  but let us be very precise about how we use words . 
  by using the word genocide we imply that serbs had a grand plan , when it very well could just have been the mad decision of a field commander . 
  i do n't think we have the proof the back the former , and thus using such words will only alienate the serbs from the european community , which would hinder the progress of integrating that region into the eu . 
  i am sure this guy is an asshole , but that is beside the point . 
  as long as this president does not deny that it was the biggest war crime and atrocity in europe since ww2 , i have no problem withhim saying this . 
  he would prefer them to be russian vassals, 
  the brits are merly the insular french in my book . 
  only someone with a inferiority complex would let their blood boil because of some random fools musings on the internet . 
  good , because no other state has a worse fiscal policy than california . 
  you do n't have to make it centralized in the top . 
  if you see power as threefold , local , national and super-national , you could easily boost both super-national and local goverment by reducing the national goverment . 
  do n't be so easily shocked . 
  well , shit do n't get done until it hits the fan . 
  the uk had to hit bottom before someone like thatcher was given a mandate to clean it up . 
  germany is in position to really force through reforms now and it looks like they mean to use it . 
  politicans do n't care about problems 20 years down the road , they care about deliverng results in their term . 
  some countries do a better job to hold a long view . 
  japan , germany etc. 
  but in general , politicans push their problems forward . 
  i do n't think germany is pushing austerity to fix the economic crash , they hare pushing it because they know that given the economic climate , they have a short time frame where they can force other european countries to take the long view and make some painful , but sorely needed reforms . 
  basically germany is being paternal holding the rest of eu ( mainly the south ) as hostage and forcing it to get its shit together . 
  it is surely not going to be popular . 
  as for myself i want to see austerity and reforms all the way , with some stimulus in infrastructure , science , r&d across the eu . 
  money that should be relocated from wastefull structures . 
  stop throwing money into structures and processes that consume it and produce very little real value . 
  austerity works if it is mixed with economic reform . 
  you have to ignite the fire somehow . 
  govermental increase in spending is a very expensive form ignition , but its not as painful , as reforms and austerity . 
  sadly so , but i think more and more europeans are noticing the strides turkey has made . 
  i have heard scandinavians not being called europeans , but not by scandinavians themselves , but rather from americans and brits . 
  it 's not magic , it 's economics . 
  you can very well decrease taxes and increase tax income if the velocity of money increases . 
  its both proven in practicality and theory . 
  socialists never seem to wrap their heads around that fact . 
  then visit some villages in romania or moldova ... 
  lets hope the rural people are shaped faster by the cites they move into , than the cities they move into a shaped by them .
