  its the way our economies has grown together , the technology which enables us to transport goods , people and interconnect . 
  it 's the tail that is wagging the dog . 
  eu is not the result of politicians in post war europe who designed and strived for a new europe , it is politicians who are trying to reflect the changes which forces itself . 
  this is why the so called integration of europe is at full speed , even if a lot , maybe most people are against it at some level . 
  that is why it is so frustrating for people , that is why they feel this powerlessness in the face of europe . 
  because they think this process stems from the eu as a large centralized entity , and they feel that they can not control it , because they can not , because the eu itself is under its control . 
  the integration of europe is driven by capital , by technology , by the desire of people to make a better life for themselves by moving to another country within the eu , or use labour from another country , it is driven by the ease of falling in love with a woman from portugal , or a bearded man from austria . 
  its the sum a lot of forces , which nationalism can not break . 
  the only way to break it , is to build walls , physical walls . 
  which by the way , has been done in europe before . 
  that is really good ratings , that 120 % from chechnya undoubtedly helps . 
  the norwegian centre party is a minuscule agrarian party who spreads fud about the eu as it threatens norwegian agricultural protectionist policies . 
  anything they say about the eu , must been seems through that lens . 
  the other woman was from the communist party . 
  neither of them are good starting points for a good discussion about the eu/eea in my book . 
  but keep in mind that the eea is far more then just a free trade deal . 
  it 's a broad framework which still would tie the uk to the eu . 
  i think what you would like , is a plain old free trade agreement on the side , like the eu and the us is planning now . 
  what the uk would save on membership costs , it would have to weigh up against losing influence at the eu table as such industries as banking . 
  london would no doubt still remain a global financial hub , but paris and frankfurt would strengthen itself , and that would be at a cost to the uk . 
  trying to get a `` norwegian '' deal , would most likely be giving up more influence , than money saved . 
  going the simple free trade route , not so much , but it would be a gamble . 
  a gamble that obviously neither the conservatives nor labour is willing to take . 
  which is why nothing is happening , only bitching . 
  also , being outside of the eu with a lot of resouces that europe needs compared to its population , puts norway in another bargaining position that the uk which is already in the eu , and would have to bargain itself out . 
  one day huh ? 
  cute http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russefeiring, 
  could someone explain to me why ballymun is bad , in the form of a limrick ? 
  i am sure that is what obama meant . . its not like he forget to add an `` in '', 
  the man is a very poor speaker without tele-promptor . 
  scotland seems to have more of the dutch/german/scandinavian conservatism going on . 
  at least historically speaking . 
  anglo-saxon conservative tradition seems to have other roots . 
  i guess it may have something to do with the anglo-saxon being more rooted in aristocracy , or that presbyterian-ism is more akin to continental protestant movements , while the church of england is something of its own . 
  the soccer equivalent of these http://www.princeofdiamonds.org/catalog/!b5vfnggegk~$ ( kgrhqz , ! iqeyd6e!oz9bmtmctbdpw ~ ~ _ 1_9083_8 . jpg if you are old enough to remember . 
  if you are not , i feel sorry for you son . 
  it is only time before a ukip representative is found in the back alleys of brussels with a gypsy prostitute , wearing a french beret , with a bottle of red wine in one hand , and wide selection of continental cheeses in his other . 
  european integration , it works really really fast . 
  all totalitarian systems , right and left , all idealize the working man , the simple man , the uncorrupted man , as the ideal . 
  enslaved by intellectuals and the rich . 
  always the same story . 
  while the ideologues of these totalitarian ideologies themselves often come from the upper class and are educated . 
  its not really surprising that a lot of these youths are upper-middle class . 
  they may talk about representing the `` working class '' , but how many of them have job ? 
  you know , except launching their artist/hiphop career . 
  say what you want about scandinavian society , but class warfare is really not high on the list of our problems . 
  so they have to sit down with foreigners from other european nations and come up with some common values which unites them all . . at least i hope people see there is some irony in this . 
  people smoke like chimneys in the balkans . 
  and smoking has an effect on heart health as well . 
  i think nazism was meant as an `` utopia '' for the nazis as well . 
  the problem is what the ideology does when it realizes that this `` utopia '' is accepted by everyone , which it needs to be to work . 
  then all those people who stand in the way of `` utopia '' start becoming the problem and need to be purged . 
  those people will then be vilified to make an excuse to rmeove them . 
  so german civilians gets to be the judge on behalf of the vietnamese people , and can put it on themselves to purge this evil ? 
  but nazism and communism as seen in soviet , china , cambodia etc are two historic arch enemies who share very much . 
  in promise , iconography , methodology you name it . 
  they are arch enemies , not because they are polar opposites , but because they are competitors of the same sentiment in the masses . 
  they are as the idiom goes , the same shit , slightly different wrapping . 
  but a few decades back you had the rote armee fraktion . 
  which only goes to show that the political fringes radicalise at different times . 
  so in a sense it is comparing apples and oranges , but they are equally prone to violance in my book . 
  then it is the scale that breaks down as model . 
  as there is right anarchism as well . 
  far right , far left , what is the fucking difference , it 's just different dialects of totalitarianism . 
   it 's a generational process , and as canada , america , australia , and even britain have proven time and time again , if you let people stay in your country , they may not integrate , but their children will . 
  that 's just how it works . 
  where have i ever argued against this . 
  that is my point from the start . 
  multiculturalism will never exist because given enough time a population will find a common culture . 
  i even spelled it out : `` all immigrants to the us has defined a common culture , which second generation immigrants merge into . '', 
  i do n't know if the popular support is there in norway at the present time . 
  living in close proximity to one of the ioc imbeciles ( gerhard heiberg ) has made norwegians a little wary . 
  a tax deduction for voting would certainly be a good incentive . 
  but the result is not multiculture . 
  the result is uni-culture . 
  the us is so big that there of course is regional dialects to this uni-culture , and canada is bi-cultural . 
  but the process is towards a unified culture . 
  little italy is no more . 
  chinatown is the result of a very inwards and protectionist culture , and hardly represents most of chinese-americans . 
  one could make the argument that those who live there are not american in the cultural meaning . 
  either way , those datapoints are outliers . 
  open air museums , tourist attractions . 
  if they were the norm , they would not be special . 
  what if the european parliament election was composed by national elections in the different countries ? 
  and all eu nations had national level elections at the same time ? 
  or you could change the composition every time there was a national level election in a eu country . 
  i do n't think multi culturalism is achievable , not that it is something you want , as all cultures move towards mono-culture . 
  the us has produced a very distinct american culture . 
  so multiculturalism is not positive per se , it is a pipe dream . 
  all immigrants to the us has defined a common culture , which second generation immigrants merge into . 
  immigration is positive , because it brings new impulses and creates cross-pollination of ideas and values . 
  but i see no value in france having a mini-nation of berbs living marseilles , forever living isolated with their own culture . 
  the idea is that immigrants brings something to french culture , but becomes french themselves . 
  which goes to show that it is about culture not race . 
  their neighbourhood muslims , they be bosnians or tartars , are ok , those alien arabs are not . 
  as does the europhobia . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  bearded women and our need to cover our tracks when we google them . 
  works for me . 
  but israel could not take in all jews i presume .
