  well guess what , both junior partners are floating around this magic number right now , and they are getting desperate . 
  election is one year away , so they start making their own statements whose sole purpose is to rally their historic voters . 
  the centrist party did this with the ban on circumcision , but that does not sit well with the socialists who have a lot of muslim voters . 
  so labour had to save the day , and basically said that circumcision should not be banned , but rather be paid for by the government . 
  i guess some of the arguments for a ban , was that many of these procedures were done outside of a clinical setting , but that was not the main issue that the centrist party wanted to raise , they were primarily coming from a standpoint where it was unethical to alter the body of a minor . 
  so if it makes no sense , it 's because it is not sense . 
  it 's politics . 
  as bismarck said , he who has seen how politics and sausages are made does not sleep well at night . 
  i think they should make it illegal to perform circumcision outside a hospital , and i think that the government should not pay for it . 
  i am not the kind who usually goes `` my tax money should not ... ! '' , but seriously , my tax money should not go to cosmetic surgery based on 3000 year old beliefs . 
  edit : tl : dr : it does not make sense becuase the coalition goverment is flipp-flopping on the issues and sending mixed signals to please all of the core voters of the parties involed . 
  there will be no ban in norway . 
  did n't the nazis use foreskin as a way to identify jews ? 
  germany has too much baggage when it comes to this issue , but the next time a large european nation raises this ban , it will sooner or later go through . 
  does a browser need anything lower than basic http access ? 
  i guess opera on iphone does not have support to deep os functionality , yet they deliver a decent browser experience . 
  i think the bolkestein directive is a pillar of the internal market , which is the backbone of the european union . 
  beaurocrats on the loose . 
  it 's getting embarrassing . 
  maybe they had prior information , which of course would be a political nightmare for netanuyahu . 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  in time . 
  would not make you an asshole , only manifest the fact . 
  maybe israel helped the rebels pull of that bomb in damascus . 
  iran needs syria as an ally to project power into the levant . 
  without syria iran does not have many friends left in the world which would hamper their regional aspirations greatly . 
  it only takes one nutjob, 
  the italians ? 
  i see a big detour around kosovo . . 
  i guess they do n't like cyclists there . . 
  well , russia should not have unchecked influence into the area , but still , things wo n't ligthen up in the balkans before you got each others backs . 
  the kebabs make it up though ? 
  because the economic possibibilites are so grim , they can only have nationalistic aspirations . 
  the balkans need to be fully integrated into the eu as fast as possible . 
  the balkans is a strange place . 
  the only empire that really invested into the balkans was the habsburg empire ( not saying that was all roses either ) , and we know how that ended in sarajevo . 
  i am heavily pro turkish membership in the eu , but this neo-ottomanism that the ruling party is flirting with is retarded . 
  just like the british they seem to have a highly romantized view on how their empire was percieved by the ruled peoples . 
  well , that was about akp , now over to sebrenica . 
  europe did stand by , but nato ( i know turkey is a member ) did intervene in the end . 
  but what did turkey do isolated ? 
  and the late syrian-conflict also shows that turkey is not ready to wield any regional influence of importance . 
  erodogan , do you have the back of the syrian people as well ? 
  if i have one wish for turkey , it is that the secular parties understand that they must imbrace economic liberalism and not cling to old kemalist statist ways . 
  if ataturk lived today , i am sure he would support alot of what akp does in the economy . 
  its the 8th largest economy , and most likely it will not be anything more than the 6th largest in the decades to come . 
  there is a long way up to spain , both in population and gdp . 
  western europe is roman culture blended with germanic , and to some degree celtic . 
  it started when germanic peoples began to serve in the roman army , and when historically celtic lands were consumed by the roman empire , and the following splitting of the roman empire and the `` barbarian '' rebuilding of it , such as the frankish kingdom and the holy roman empire . 
  obama may have done a lot of good , but strengthing trans-atlantic ties he has not . 
  if mitt romney wins , hopefully he will strengthen them . 
  the european one . 
  the ideals of the french revolution + science, 
  only difference between norway and the south , is that we have money to throw at the problem . 
  in 50-75 years we will to lend money to pay for over-generous social programs and an oversized goverment . 
  i hope by then , norway is a member , so that germany can hold us by the ears as well . 
  islamists and skinheads . 
  let 's just hope hollande wo n't do the same . 
  these things tend to escalate when not dealt with . 
  i do n't think sarkozy is to blame for anti-semitic sentiment among berber immigrants in france . 
  this is their cultural baggag . 
  france , get this shit under control . 
  european circle jerking is everybody sitting in a circle and germany telling greece he should slow down or he is going to ruin it for everybody . 
  cern is international brains with european money . 
  this kosovo must be some kind of paradise on earth . 
  yep , not every finn is a drunk . 
  there is a sober man in tempere . 
  no , it accurately represent what russian officals wants the rest of the world to think is their position . 
  it shows the power of tradition . 
  no wonder backwards cultures have a hard time changing , when even educated americans get so emotional about a procedure whose only benefit is that it makes their children look like them . 
  yup , but what side is stubborn and wrong ? 
  if we ca n't even agree on that . . then its clearly not obvious . 
  this is the reason for the strong welfare state , not the oil ( in norways case ) . 
  the fact that both genders have a high degree of workforce participation . 
  i do n't know if it is genetics , but it sure is culture . 
  i do n't seem to remember ever voting in such an election . 
  you are damn right there are systemic fauls . 
  lets fix them . 
  so . . who gets this money ? 
  the competitors of microsoft ? 
  market economy is the only democratic answer to scarcity . 
  it 's amazing how important mismanagement of money by goverment seems to be in creating human rights and properity ... 
  this of course is not the case , this is the detox phase , people demand that you put money into the old mismanged structues because that where the percieve propersity comes from . 
  when it actually has been a drain on prosperity in all these years . 
  truth is , austerity must be paired with reforms so that new structures can be made . 
  spain has a highly educated population and a load of young unemployed people . 
  they have a stable society . 
  they have every opportunity in this world to use these resources to create an economy that looks like the german . 
  but let us entertain the thought . 
  if you could shower the spanish economy with 100 billion euro in handouts , where would you allocate the money ? 
  your objective is to create long-term growth . 
  no no . 
  capitalism is a inevitible consquence of globalism . 
  advances in transport have enlarged the markets , soon there will only be one world market . 
  go 500 years back in time and you could not transport grain longer than the next village without adding a cost that made those two villages to seperate markets . 
  the only goods that had a large market was those who had a very high value . 
  tobacco , slaves , spices . .
