  the integration of their economies and supply lines . 
  the growth of poland as an economy and leader for the eastern block . 
  the shift eastwards with the opening up of ukraine and belarus and potentially a western looking russian regime . 
  germany also shifting eastwards if/when the uk leaves the eu . 
  germany being the european country who is most keen on having a pragmatic relationship with putins russia . 
  also germany and poland just may be culturally more compatable than most people think . 
  eastern germany once being the part of slavic heartland and half of poland being under various german empires ( lets not mention that last one ) . 
  poland will not be as conservative as it is now when the new generation grows up and the old kicks the bucket . 
  i did not of course mean `` tomorrow '' literally , i am thinking decades . 
  tomorrow it is germany and poland, 
  while i do n't think the eu regulations is that choking for the uk economy . 
  but ut would be cool if uk would be willing to be a test bed for economic ideas . 
  i am not being facetious here . 
  it would really benefit our undertanding of economy . 
  what would happen if corperate tax was 10 % and so on ? 
  also these people are more religious , which means they are more likely to vote akp . 
  they would also vote akp because it was the party that gave them citizenship . 
  also they would flock to the big cities , where his party is weaker . 
  all in all a smart move if you are a sociopath politican . 
  no internal borders means you have to really watch your external borders . 
  the eu needs to get its act together fast . 
  it is not really understandable that people keep eating too much food until they get fat , have low life quality and die early . 
  still it happens all the time and because of that it is understandable why there are fat people all over the place . 
  they might have been treated well as elite soldiers . 
  but kidnapping children from parents seems like a bad practicve anyway , even if they ended up living a better life than they would in a village in serbia ? 
  how would you like if someone rich from qatar came and took your son ? 
  how would you argue if someone said it was ok , because they were treated well in qatar ? 
  it can and it is in my book . 
  but still it was an empire and a lot of turkish politicians just ca n't seem to fathom that living under the fear of ottoman invasion for 500 years might make some people sceptical of turkey . 
  i am not saying that it is rational for say austrians or hungarians to be sceptical of modern day turkey . 
  but is pretty understandable that those sentiments exists considering human mentality and previous history . 
  well there is no doubt that the european greater powers did that . 
  ditto with the arab tribes . 
  but there had to be nationalistic/tribal sentiments there to begin with which they could build up under . 
  i guess where turkish nationalists and others differ ( including myself ) , is whether serbs and arabs had any right to independence from the empire . 
  just like a lot of british could not see how anyone would not want to be a part of their empire . 
  what do you mean by `` christian minority '' here ? 
  christians living in anatolia ( like greeks and armenians ) or christian colonial populations like serbs etc ? 
  or both ? 
  well it seems that turkey sometimes forgets that it was a colonial power which had a quarter of europe under its boot and half of europe living in fear , for hundreds of years . 
  and the fact that they controlled the mediterranean sea with both its imperial fleet and pirates protected by it , who made raids as far as iceland and ireland . 
  take out the audio-jack from your computer/phone and put it back in halfway . 
  this will position the output of the left channel on the reader of the right channel . 
  fantastic place , but too barren to be called `` paradise '' . 
  what about kafelonia ? 
  i do n't think it was so obvious that noone would try to take ownership/leadership of the process . 
  no nation joined the ussr voluntairly , not even russia . 
  it was decided by civil war . 
  guess i should have been more specific . 
  i meant having influence in the eu parliament . 
  we sit at the table when discussing new propsals etc. 
  there are plenty of norwegians bureaucrats in brussels . 
  because norway pay for access to the single market , adheres to the single market rules , we are a de-facto member of eu without representation in the eu parliament . 
  which means it is a choice between the illusion of independence vs having influence in the eu . 
  most people would rather live in the illusion . 
  not according to this : http://infacts.org/norwegians-pay-same-brits-eu-access/, 
  i do n't think the uk-leavers is going for what us norwegians have . 
  they do not wish to be a part of the single market , they just want a basic free trade agreement . 
  they just do n't wan na send any money out of the country . 
  let 's hope nobody tells them that they finance 5 % of the un . 
  so we do n't have to read about the unxit . 
  most likely https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatolian_rock, 
  because they are the most vulnerable segment of our society . 
  well , there is not alot of radiohead there to begin with . 
  oh this man child again . . 
  common market ! = free trade or am i missing something ? 
  it is something more , it is institutions like esa ? 
  i do n't think the uk will be denied a free trade agreement , but rather by not being part of the common market it can not plead to eu instituions and vice versa , those institutions can not be used against the uk . 
  so british telecom could be denied buying a romanian carrier . 
  i think this is the real strength of the european union , not some half assed free trade agreement . 
  but the internal integration of economic production . 
  i do n't think the average norwegian voter knows that we are a de-facto member of the eu . 
  if the uk decides to leave and brussels would stop being a scapegoat , would the nationalists then create an internal scapegoat ? 
  immigrants perhaps ? 
  i am saying this is a reason for staying , but it would be interesting to see . 
  not sure if trolling or not ... 
  the boom is there , but the scale masks it . 
  the scale is streched out to fit englands line . 
  remember england going from 10m to 20m , is the same growth as scottland going from 2m to 4m . 
  but it does seem like england has a stronger boom also adjusted for relative population sizes . 
  i guess that is immigration at work . 
  both from aboard and within the uk . 
  the police caught the man carrying the box in the immigrant district . 
  if it was indeed a bomb , we do not know where he was taking it . 
  i am thinking it is one of two things . 
  overzealous cops after stockholm or that they had this guy under surveillance and ` accidentally ' caught him when he left his flat with a box . 
  she was speaking to a group of turkish students in sweden . 
  she was asked how immigrants best could integrate into swedish culture and what swedish culture was in the first place . 
  digging some more , i see that she continued the statement with saying that democracy , tolerance and women 's rights were important aspects of swedish culture , but she would rather see them as common culture/values of all swedes , regardless of their ethnicity and not a part of the native culture . 
  they do n't think all cultures are equal . 
  take mona sahlin , former leader of the social democrats who said this : `` i think that 's what makes many swedes jealous of immigrant groups . 
  you have a culture , an identity , a history , something that brings you together . 
  and what do we have ? 
  we have midsummer 's eve and such silly things . '', 
  - mona sahlin in a speech to the turkish youth organization euroturk , march , 2002 . 
  what about the syrians that erdogan will ( according to himself ) give citizenship to ? 
  europe is already the ussr , have you learned nothing during the brexit referendum ? 
  in general muslims also have a stronger ingroup/outgroup mentality . 
  her name by birth is melissa colakovic and she was a participant in the norwegian version of the `` top model '' tv-show . 
  you know people have been properly brain washed when they feel that they have to change their name .
