  expected the rainbow flag . 
  i consider sweden to be a subdomain of tumblr, 
  identity politics is an american beast . 
  i was thinking in a 50 year time frame . 
  given a favourable geo-political development . 
  i could easily see the whole levant join in time . 
  maybe even the whole mediterranean coast . 
  are there growing tensions ? 
  i see there are plenty of kosovars among the migrants . 
  is things really that dire in kosovo ? 
  that is the thing . 
  russia wants to weaken the eu and stop it from being a super power . 
  the us also benefits from a weak europe . 
  the middle east sees benefit in exporting islam to the west and exporting their unemployed masses who pose a threat to their regimes . 
  so basically , this clusterfuck is not going to be solved by anyone but europe . 
  because all other geopolitical players have no problem with the status quo . 
  gaza is run by terrorists . 
  the west bank is not . 
  i do n't understand why leftists in europe seem to fawn over organizations with terrorist activities connected to them . 
  take the socialist party in norway who one of their proclaimed victories by being in government was that norway used the un instead of the eu terrorist list . 
  so that the pkk , farc and hamas is not labelled as terrorists . 
  how swedish of them . 
  it states that the police did not want to disclose that information because they feared that it would benefit the swedish democrats ( the so called far-right party of sweden , which is more a xenophobic populist centrist party in my book . 
  the traditional left-right dichotomy is flawed ) 1 ) first of all , when did the police become an political player ? 
  who thought it was the role of the police to make decisions like this . 
  is this iran ? 
  2 ) its this kind of covering up that feeds the swedish democrats popularity . 
  because they become the only party which dares to touch the issue and therefore becomes the only party with a plan to deal with what many people sees as the biggest problem in their society . 
  there is no doubt that sd are a shady bunch of people , who have polished their party program to look far better than the values of their leaders . 
  sd in my mind is not the solution , but a symptom of the problem . 
  the solution must come from a broad realization of the whole political spectrum that something is not working . 
  until that happens , they get to monopolize the solution . 
  the alcove is a architectural design that should get more credit . 
  scandinavia combined have about the same gdp as russia ? 
  the nordics have a higher gdp ? 
  i am guessing there is a large black economy in russia , but still , no wonder they see the need to harass us with bombers and fighters . 
  novel idea : someone can offer a service at a lower cost than if the goverment did it themselves and may even turn a profit . 
  rebranded by the mafia and mixed with lower quality oils . 
  it is very clear that italy and spain has high unemployment amongst young people . 
  there are no people hanging out at reddit to kill time at work . 
  the russians are going to use this for some geopolitical play . 
  like moving a lot of anti aircraft weapons to the border of turkey . 
  they do n't waste an opportunity . 
  national socialism ? 
  you pc brah ? 
  they felt sorry for the visigoths, 
  norway is not very religious , but that does not mean it is not christian or puritian at its core . 
  just because people stopped beliving in god or going to church , does not mean that the institutions , norms etc formed by christianity disappears over night . 
  yes and maybe more fit than she is today . 
  who knows where bio-technology will take us , if we are willing . 
  40 million eur huh . 
  i ca n't imagine how nice your schools , orphanages and hospitals must be , for you to have this kind of money to spend on places of worship . 
  i do n't think sweden claim that al-assad is not the legitimate ruler of syria . 
  then they should return those who come back to al-assad to stand trial for their criminal actions within syria . 
  likewise a syrian who went to sweden to kill swedes , should be sent back to sweden for justice there . 
  never said it was . 
  just said norwegian society benefited greatly from continental expertise . 
  you are reading things into my post that simply are not there . 
  i am not a proponent of large scale immigration to norway or europe . 
  i do n't know about finland or switzerland , but what he says was the case for norway . 
  continental specialists came to norwegian cities in 16th-18th century . 
  master carpenters , masons etc. 
  norway was an agrerian society that lacked those skills . 
  thats why you have say alot of people named skr\u00f8der in norway who are 100 % norwegian , except for that one schr\u00f6der way back . 
  the germans help us build and operate mines . 
  after the industrial revolution the british came with capital and know-how and founded factories . 
  when we hit oil , the americans were there to help us . 
  my interpretation is that this number includes vandalization . 
  how can such a person rise to the top in a party like labour ? 
  does really labour think that they can win an election by having a marxist as their leader ? 
  blair did something right by moving the party towards the center . 
  but what block of voters of signifigance is labour trying to sweep in by moving left on the specter ? 
  three main differences . 
  the terror the 80s was localized conflicts and internal . 
  islamic terrorism is more or less pan-european and is both internal and external , but is mostly coordinated externally . 
  islamic terror is more about creating fear and hitting civilians , ira/eta did a higher share of attacks against military and governmental targets . 
  i think those three differences makes all the difference . 
  but i still see the point . 
  terror is nothing new . 
  so they are contributing to the gdp by increasing the need for repair services . 
  they are truely keynesians at heart . 
  makes you wonder . 
  are these help organizations there because there is a camp there ? 
  or is the camp there because the help organizations are there . 
  because the poor european handling of immigration is the single common thing that has risen their collective boats . 
  i do n't think europe as a whole has shifted to the right , people are just getting sick of the size of immigration , the inability to integrate these people and more recently the terror-aspect . 
  i would think that somalis and afghanis are the ones who are the most removed from finnish culture . 
  as it should . 
  nato has also been building up troops . 
  then you get that diplomatic immunity . 
  `` there can only be one '', 
  cheap raki and cigarettes ? 
  the question for me is not if he is bringing it back or not , but rather : after bringing it back , will he use it against the coup-plotters ? 
  because retroactivly using new legislation to punish old crimes ruins the whole concept of a fair judicial system . 
  hence , it is a good insult . 
  no bosnians are muslim serbs . 
  i read somewhere that anglo-saxon women was really intrigued by the fact that vikings/norse men bathed every week . 
  his people needed him ? 
  how about a fair deal ? 
  botswana has a higher gdp per capita than all former yugoslavian states except slovenia and croatia .
