  there is a certain correlation , people tend to flock to the nations where they percieve a high chance of getting acceptance . 
  adjusted for population those numbers are mind-boggeling high for sweden . 
  germany is over them mountains, 
  would most likely have not changed the outcome of this episode . 
  guns are not the problem , nor the solution , guns are guns . 
  crazy people will do crazy shit no matter . 
  they will just blow up the dikes in the largest insurance fraud anyone has ever seen . 
  alot of bigotry and it runs two ways . 
  the fix is rather easy . 
  that is to get to know each other and trade . 
  yeah , but give the current trends , soon all of turkey will live in istanbul . 
  a future kurdistan would be a buffer state between the eu and iran/syria . 
  a kurdistan which will be very pro-western . 
  | turkish foreign affairs are 1000x more important than norwegian ones . 
  from what i have seen from erdogan 's attempts to project power into the middle east for the last year , i am not sure who has more power to influence syria , turkey or norway . 
  i would think about the same . 
  the uk has income from its petroleum does it not ? 
  the same goes for minerals ? 
  agriculture often take more money than it generates in subsidies , but surely farmers pay taxes on their profit ? 
  by the spanish constitution i presume . 
  the general idea is that you tax economic activity on that land and that way people just lend the land from society as a whole . 
  the extreme of this view is georgism . 
  in any case , land ownership as it is today is not highly controversial . 
  i see a clearer catholic/protestant divide , than a north/south, 
  does this pattern emerge out of rampant youth unemployment , or does rampant youth unemployment emerge out of this family tradition ? 
  the former most would say , but what if the latter produce a barrier to the needed change to how people are employed in the economy ? 
  the economy finds a equilibrium where the youth go into a form of economic-participation-hibernation . 
  you may have heard of taxes ? 
  tell me , does the kurds hold ataturk with high regard ? 
  do they vote kemalist parties ? 
  but what is up with him having a stadium named after him , while in office ? 
  that comes off as quite odd . 
  locals sucking up ? 
  but this is not erdogan/the goverment throwing people in jail right ? 
  these are supporters who use the judicial system against those people who slander him ? 
  so the problem is not as much as turkeys lack of democracy , as much as faults in the judicial system ? 
  just asking here . 
  so before austerity , illegals and greeks lived in perfect harmony am i right ? 
  hand feeding each other grapes on divans . 
  i resent the idea that people have to be paid off not to behave like animals . 
  trying to attach anything bad in europe to the austerity policies seems to be the new sport of the left . 
  i am not surprised . 
  istanbul ( and other bigger cities with universitietes ) is a magnet to head strong women from rural turkey who refuse to live in the traditional society . 
  someone told me that this women surplus in istanbul was almost to the million , but that is only anecdotal . 
  i do n't even think the turks themselves know the demographics of istanbul is anymore . 
  i would love for someone turkish on / r/europe to comment on this theory . 
  if i would let foreigners define me as a scandinavian i would turn schizofrenic . 
  scandinavians are supposed to live in a liberal heaven where everyone is deeply racist . 
  both does not hold true . 
  american lack of culture ? 
  define culture then . 
  we should have both !, 
  the kurds may be lighter in hair color than turkic people , but turks are only part turkic . 
  they are descendents of armenians , greeks , romans , genovans etc. . also . 
  it is not a map over blonde hair , but light hair . 
  i am guessing that red and light brown hair passes as light as well . 
  in norway it is on average 3500 euro ... with most banks operating with 15 % equity up front , it is getting hard for young people to get their first real estate . 
  the only ones who loses then is the orphans, 
  all of those points which he refutes are true . 
  they are real issues that europe face . 
  but everything are problems which we can fix . 
  the hard choices we make now lay the foundations for a healthier europe when the tide turns , and it will turn . 
  i think the troika recognizes that this crisis is a perfect and maybe the only real way to kick start solving structural problems within the union . 
  that is why i believe that austerity is the right choice for europe . 
  sure it does prolong the crisis , but you have not solved jack shit if you can not remove the root causes . 
  because they are needed there in a coming total melt down of iraq and syria ? 
  kurds : help us create a kurdistan in syria/iraq/iran and we will respect your borders . 
  | europe needs to either let people default and exit the euro or start quantitative easing like hell until we have a proper union . 
  it 's that easy huh ? 
  go talk to argentina and see how that worked out for them . 
  trust is king in the economy and if capital finds reasons not to trust your goverment , your economy is not going to attract much investment . 
  austerity for austerty 's sake does not work . 
  but let us not forget why the austerity policies have been put in place . 
  to fix structural problems in the economy and enable the nations in question to manage to pay and renegoiate their credit lines , which they are 100 % reliant on to even function . 
  you have to fix the root problems . 
  highly recommended listen : http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/490/trends-with-benefits, 
  it 's more a greece is structurally broken point . 
  greek laws should protect anyone from working as slaves , and no greeks should starve because the economy can not shift them over to the agricultural sector . 
  albeit , i understand that this is seasonal work , but in times like these . 
  on one side , rampant unemployment , on the other , migrant workers . . 
  this should be made into a comedy feature . 
  all these characters going to fraud for therapy and getting fucked up . 
  i have said it before , and i will say it again ( and be downvoted ) , but this kosovo must be a special magical place . 
  it 's the same thing in norway . 
  http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=no&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bt.no%2fnyheter%2finnenriks%2f21-afghanske-tolker-far-asyl-2852571.html%23.uw6ybdc4w70 it also seems that the norwegian forces gave the interpreters firearms and training , and that they in many incidents fought alongside norwegian troops when under attack . 
  `` every icelandic native is descended from the same family tree , everyone is related to everyone else . '', 
  what does that even mean . 
  bosnians ( mainly bosniaks ) are exemplary immigrants where i live . 
  so i have only positive views on the people . 
  but the country seems politically broken . 
  would love to visit sarajevo some time . 
  well , they are only calling them at fridays at midday, 
  what about a banana of realism stretching from uk , over to the netherlands , germany , poland , through the baltics ending in finland ? 
  if it is a public bench , why have n't anybody just removed the sign ? 
  and if it is on private property , why are the owners not shamed through the media ? 
  seems to me that this sign has been up for some time now , and that fact is more disturbing to me than the sign itself . 
  to all in this thread , sure we have some , but given our population as a whole , our education and our social safety net , we should be blowing the us out of the water . 
  we are not . 
  there is something structurally missing . 
  economically , mentally i do n't know .
