  putting even more pressure on land and water in that region , which again would fuel the conflict , and then you would have to ask if they are more safe there than in france or belgium , all things considered . 
  seems to me that the jewish willingness and need to spread out has been the most important historical protection to jewish civilization . 
  but of course , people will act to maximize personal safety for themselves and their family . 
  god must be very furious about conchita wurst , he is still rambling about it . 
  but sometimes the quality is the same , it 's just different branding for targeting different price sensitivities . 
  let us buy up their dashcam industry . 
  oh , that man does not understand what `` romanian '' is code for in the far right dictionary . 
  the prosperity of europeans shot up after the black plague , simply because there was more resources for those left behind . 
  maybe that is the idea , that less people in the third world , will remove the need for them to immigrate to get higher prosperity . 
  of course , because then they could point to nato and say : `` look !, 
  imperialist nato is again encroaching on our sphere !, 
  '' , and then justify further escalation on their part . 
  does nato fly strategic bombers to the borders of russian airspace ? 
  because they are projecting their own views and prejudice though the abstract god . 
  sound center-right economic policies and reforms , fuck yeah . 
  oh , i though those were countries russia had annexed the last week . 
  he is doing it with a suit , which is the difference between east and west , our politicians suit up before they kick us in the nuts . 
  so my conclusion is , they are ready . 
  this podcast episode of dan carlin 's ` common sense ' deals with this issue and he lays forward a good case for why the us would not step in for estonia , and how this weakness within the nato framework could be fixed . 
  what better way to solve them than using the eu as a carrot and whip . 
  that norwegians lack humour . 
  well it does not annoy me , but it is really true . 
  we set aside one day in the year to perform humor . 
  i hope most of these kids are just poor city kids who want a free vacation by the lake . 
  so is the dalai lama a political leader or a religious leader ? 
  is he both ? 
  is he democratically elected ? 
  if not , does that make him royalty or a dictator ? 
  is he in exile ? 
  does he have full support of the tibetan people ? 
  all these factors make it obvious that he should not take it as a given to meet the goverment of norway while visiting . 
  btw : he got to speak before the parlament in norway . 
  as they should , hell will freeze over before the norwegian nanny state allows self-driven cars . 
  also , the libyan intervention , while under us command , was carried out by mostly european nations . 
  so the recent most example of cleaning up in the eu backyard , was indeed a case of the eu taking its part of the burden . 
  i believe the us could cut its spending , and nato would still be able to fend off every other military power at once . 
  i just think there are strong political reasons that the us does not want to cut spending ( jobs ) , and there are very good reasons for getting the eu to spend more ( jobs ) , so this meme has been put forth that europe is piggy-backing on the us . 
  the obvious step in europe is integration , not increased spending , for the most part ( not saying that some european nations have not neglected their military ) . 
  because the lack of integration of military power is a form of waste . 
  and cutting waste should always be focus # 1 for goverment . 
  i do n't think that is an issue of money . 
  european nato spends a lot of money on military . 
  it is a question about command . 
  could europe integrate its armies under a common command , and would the us like to see that ? 
  those are the questions . 
  the lowest hanging fruit of increasing european military ability would decouple it from the american umbrella . 
  edit : seems like the eu spends 270 billion dollars on military , the us 640 . 
  if you add nato members that are not a part of the eu like norway , turkey etc , you would perhaps arrive at about 300 billion . 
  which means that europe spends about the same as china , russia and india combined . 
  surely that is enough to take care of your own backyard . 
  do you think the us would reduce its spending if europe increased its ? 
  prague, 
  we had a similiar case in norway some time back : http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.dagbladet.no%2f2013%2f02%2f18%2fnyheter%2finnenriks%2ft-bane%2fruter%2f25813571%2f&amp;edit-text=, 
  * la la la la la * - `` i do n't want to acknowledge that there is a new geopolitical reality in europe which requires my country to take a firmer and more prominent role in europe , which runs counter to the illusions we have painted of our self in the safe bosom of the us/nato in post-war europe , to deal with the national trauma that was ww2 '', 
  i am sure the us has bases all over europe because of the goodness of their heart . 
  well , i think there is a step # 3 to this plan , those countries stops their practices so that they get this money . 
  political piece masked as economic commentary . 
  only , europe ( or the eu ) is restructuring the financial-political mechanisms that created the euro-crisis . 
  turkey has pretty much maxed out the limits of the credit expansion that has fueled the last decade growth . 
  basically , the eus worst prospect as of now is being stagnant . 
  turkeys worst prospects is a major economic contraction and inflation . 
  so i would not get too cocky . 
  i also resent the notion , that in a partnership , one party is the one who gains , that is not how economics work . 
  the basis of all economic activity is mutual benefits . 
  if turkey does need the eu if it gets more prosperous , why does germany still stay in the eu ? 
  erdogan has tried to get more trade with the middle east , but guess what , europe still remains a large partner in trade . 
  obama , worst president for transatlantic ties , ever . 
  would you die for danzig ? 
  seems like ukraine is on the menu this time, 
  he strikes me as pretty well integrated actually , it 's just from the comfort of his home in norway , he has the luxury of ignoring the bad bits about erdogan . 
  is there such a base for erdogan in turkey , moderate regular working class people , who likes what his economic reforms has done for them , but lack to see how he is slowly eating up the constitutional backbone of the turkish republic ? 
  i guess those people are the first to abondon ship when he fails to deliver the growth turkey has seen for the last 10 years indefinitely . 
  and sweden ... 
  my local pizza guy is a real erdogan shill , even though he have not lived in turkey since the early 80s . 
  i love talking politics with him while waiting for my pizza and get his view of what is happening in turkey and playing that ignorant fool on my own part . 
  basically all the people who protested in taksim was just bored youths who wanted to save some trees and some hooligans who wanted to have some fun , nothing political at all . 
  basically erdogan is loved by all . 
  erdogan is the purest politician that has walked the earth and he listens to everyone . 
  he calls up children who are pushed away by his body guards , because you know , he really cares . 
  he is really in touch with his people . 
  and of course , erdogan will make turkey rival the us as a super power in about 10 years time . 
  the nicest guy around , my local pizza guy , but the epitome of how gullible we humans can get when the right politicans comes around and talks to our hearts , in our language . 
  as for me , i do not understand why there are not a million people at taksim right now . 
  i guess you could just use the http://ip-address ? 
  that would take your ability to resist a russian invasion from 1 hour to 2 hours . 
  if he gets flack , it is from the left and the unions . 
  because he used to be member of the conservative party and is considered to be the right wing of the center-left , borderline center-right . 
  except for the unions , which are the primary funders of the party . 
  because of this , that was kind of suprising : http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.vg.no%2fnyheter%2finnenriks%2fartikkel.php%3fartid%3d5916647 basically the kgb was secretly befriending him , and he was told by norwegian intelligence . 
  not saying he was a kgb agent , but still you would think it could weaken his candidacy as the chief of nato . 
  having an us-eu-ru economic union would bring even more stability in the northern hemisphere . 
  nations that trade together , do n't go to war with each other . 
  what will be , will be . 
  maybe turkey will join the eu , maybe not . 
  you claim yourself that turkey lacks key democratic institutions and you want the goverment to fall , so is it then so strange that turkey has waited for 20 years ? 
  statists , or perhaps it is stateists , are basically people who believe that the state should control most aspects of country . 
  they can be right wing or left wing . 
  the most extreme examples are fascism and communism , but you could say that putin is highly statist , without being fascist or communist . 
  he just believes that the russian state must be in control , to ensure that russia is strong . 
  in turkey , many people believe that the state has to actively promote the ideas of mustafa kemal ( aka kemalism ) to ensure that turkey is strong .
