  come on . 
  at some point people wont ' t see any reason to apply their skills and create more values . 
  why most people want to see the rich be taxed that heavy , while they do n't have to , tells me that they feel that the rich somehow owns them something more than them paying their share . 
  it says something deep about the psyche and something about european society . 
  not that this sentiment does not exist in the us as well , but to a lesser degree , and far less political support . 
  why would the albanians not welcome a union ? 
  are they too poor ? 
  does the mafia have too much power ? 
  are they not considered proper albanians ? 
  austerity must be followed by reforms . 
  then it will create prosperity when the wheels of the economy is back at grinding at full speed . 
  no wonder we lag behind the us in innovation , entrepreneurship and commercialization . 
  by reading these comments one sits with the impression that many europeans simply is not comfortable with anyone getting rich . 
  what kind of coffee have you been drinking ? 
  coffee could be alot of things . 
  oh yes , the west and its notorious banks ... working together to undermine the rest of the world . 
  does it ever get old . 
  by americans did you mean norwegians ? 
  sounds very familiar . . 
  he stated that people are attached to their home counties and that this then represents a barrier to move . 
  but money/capital today are just electrons , you could easily move your money or yourself to another country and still reside in france . 
  the ugly disintegration of yugoslavia only showed that it must have been sick ? 
  more could have been done by the international community to ease this transistion , but do n't tell me that what evoled in fmry in the begininng of the 90s was something that could have sprung out of a healthy and functioning state . 
  i am not saying that germany has its position because of this fact . 
  there are many factors , many which you mentation , but one can not simply deny the fact that if germany had the dm now , its value would increase and export would have fallen as a consquence . 
  that is basic economics . 
  there is a clear beenfit for germany here , but it goes both ways , southern countries has also been able to `` leach '' stability off germany and lend more money than they could possibly handle . 
  when it comes to high-tech hubs in the us , it is fairly spread out . 
  http://www.theatlanticcities.com/technology/2012/06/americas-leading-high-tech-metros/2244/ texas has a very strong technological industry and a very prestigious technical university . 
  germany benefits by having a special position within the eu , as the us has in the world , when it comes to currency . 
  germany has been able to super-charge its export industry , without having its currency increase in value , and thus lowering its export economy . 
  i am suprised they did not downvote you as well . 
  yes . . only sometimes i feel people should post their 2 eurocents as well . 
  you know like there is no netherlands , but friesland , holland etc. . 
  * slowclap hollande * slowclap, 
  money move very easily . 
  but on the arrival of farmers from the near-east thousands of years later , these populations were pushed northwards ... 
  spanish pride gives a shit . 
  or that is how the anglo-saxon monks described them . 
  and it is more a 1000-1200 years ago . 
  not wanting expansion , is not the same as wanting less . 
  jill stein - the greens this test sounds really unbiased ... yeah . . as objective as american politics can get . 
  nope i would not vote for the greens ( though i am sure they are better than their european sister-parties ) , i would vote for t.j. o'hara of the modern whig party . 
  best : turkish , if i can skip their breakfest , desserts and their coffee . 
  worst : i think most countries have good food , but i have been most dissapointed in the baltics when sampling local cusine ( note , i do n't have that many data points ), 
  i could tell that you were a r/worldnews ` er before even looking at your profile . 
  am i the only one who read that as ` narcissism ' at first glance ? 
  east germany drags down germany and so on . 
  every nation has their laggards, 
  could we not meet on the half way ? 
  because europe stands united . 
  i think both parties are to blame for there not being peace . 
  the problem is extremists on both side getting to much of a say . 
  but i do consider palestine as having more extremists and doing less to contain it , therefore it is a greater block on the road to peace . 
  but i would not go as far as to label myself pro-israel . 
  the arab neightbours of the palestinians is what i consider the greatest problem . 
  they created the refugee problem by starting their wars and they deliberatley use and have used palestinian refugees as pawns in their games for decades , basically making people spend their whole lifes in camps . 
  also , iran proxy influence is not helping , but this will subside when syria falls , unless iraq goes total shia . 
  you have the right to choose if you want the product or not . 
  making it cheaper for women increases the amount of women which then makes men want to pay more . 
  bosniaks are also less rigerous in religious matters than their orthodox serb and catholic croat neighbours . 
  atleast less zealful . 
  one theory to this is that they once were bogomills http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bogomils that practiced a more liberal and personal type ( they had no churches ) of christianity , which made it easier for them to convert to islam when the ottomans took over . 
  not to forget v\u00e4rmland : http://swedia.ling.gu.se/ljud/svealand/varmland/kola/kol_om.wav phonetically norwegian and the dialects of eastern sweden are very very close . 
  was n't the swedish armies mostly consisted of non-swedes ? 
  any seafood which is not based on the principles of rotting would get you far enough . 
  we should know , we have the worlds second worst . 
  going this route , splitting europe into smaller states while integrating them , might actually keep and increase cultural diversity within the union . 
  there are alot of regional different cultures within the large nation states of europe and instead of being gradually washed away into the culture of their nation , they suddenly come out very strengthened . 
  that is perfect !, 
  and representation should be determined by geographical area !, 
  well , being is debt is not a bad thing , if you can invest that money into utility . 
  but i think that western europe has more debt , because it has been more successful and thus can build out a welfare state that in many cases has become too expensive . 
  our goverment spending has spiraled out of control . 
  the eastern bloc coming from a defaulted soviet economy had to start from scratch . 
  their overhead beucracy packed their bags and returned to russia , or they lost their jobs . 
  in that respect the eastern bloc was in luck . 
  or corruption . 
  fasting i see no problem with , but not drinking water during the whole summer day ? 
  that is retarded . 
  the socialist/communist state has proven itself not substainable time after time , so if the market economy fails as well , i think we are all out of ideas . . 
  england opposed that the colonies should exand westwards . 
  perhaps only so to make the colony more manageble , but still . 
  atleast romney want to have a transatlantic relationship of significance , even though his view of europe politics is wrong . 
  obama on the other hand . . poland is no more a pillar of freedom than germany , he is colored by the old/new-europe way to see things which the bush administration adopted to excplain why france and germany did not support them fullheartly in the invasion of iraq . 
  well , the conservative party is the `` law and order '' - party , and i do n't think norwegians see the roma-issue as a immigration-related problem as much as a ordinance problem . 
  people think that the conservative party has the will and solutions to fix the problem , if there is one , while frp is seen more as a reactionary whiner . 
  in a rational free market you give your money to the one who gives you the most value for your money . 
  bosnia has a mobile company for each `` ethnicity '' ... . ? 
  that is insane , it like a self inflicted apartheid . 
  you should tell catalonia to pay its debts . 
  norway is led by a three party coalition government between the socialist party , labour party ( social democrats with a dominant neo-liberal wing and a more socialist-leaning wing , much like the uk labour i guess ) , and a party which calls itself the centrist party , which in reality is a special-interest party for farmers and rural folks . 
  they call themselves the red-green coalition , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red-green_coalition . . and one of the great lies in norwegian politics is that this is a match made in heaven and that they share a common set of values . 
  this could not be the further from the truth . 
  the center-party has borderline social conservative values that reflect the historical norwegian rural christian heritage , while the socialists are liberal and urban . 
  labour is about three times bigger than the two others together and dominates the government . 
  the junior partners have to pretend that they are best friends and time after time have their issues been left out by the dominant labour , and when one of them get one of their issues into the offical poltics of the coalition , its often at expense at the other junior partner . 
  this have made these two junior parties steadily lose more and more of their core voters , and in norway 4 % is some kind of magic number when it comes to representation in the parliament , if you get less than this , you can only really just get one seat in the parlament , because they want to ensure that norwegian politics turns italian , with a lot of parties . 
  so when you cross over 4 % , you suddenly get a lot of seats , actually an overrepresentation , so basically 3 % could give you 1 seat , while 4.2 % could get you 8 . 
  so it 's very very important to do n't fall under this limit if you want to remain relevant in norwegian politics .
