  or kuwait . . or the christian part of lebanon . 
  i do n't understand why people care so much about a title on a paper . 
  it 's how you act as a parent that matters . 
  the fact that the form does not literally state father , will not make that father any less good of a father . 
  this is a giant non-issue , we need to tackle the real issues in europe . 
  oh i hope the eu slaps us with a big trout on those custom barriers . . or atleast a big salmon . 
  nato is possible because there is not friction between european nations that might spark a war . 
  there is no friction between europeans nations that might spark a war because their economies are integrated through the eu, 
  nato is possible because there is not friction between european nations that might spark a war . 
  there is no friction between europeans nations that might spark a war because their economies are integrated through the eu . 
  donate the money to the erasmus-project ? 
  it is a very clear and positive aspect of european integration and it is risiking funding cuts . 
  if only as a symbolic act . 
  the timing is political , the choice is not . 
  the secretary-general of the council of europe should accept it . 
  hint : it 's the same person who awards the prize . 
  not to mention the soft power that the eu uses to influence the so called eurosphere . 
  this prize has been long overdue . 
  for the last 20 years people have been complaining that the eu has been snobbed each year . 
  i thought it would have to wait to after jagland stepped down , but now is a good a time as any . 
  the history of europe is written by war and treaties . 
  why did treaties suddenly start to be honored ? 
  because of the integration of european economies . 
  germany could not go to war with france , because it would hurt its own economic interest , but also since german and french arms industries have suppliers in each others countries . 
  their industries would have to re-align . 
  this is not a controversial choice , stop taking your eurosceptiscm into this . 
  this is not about the uk and its relation to europe . 
  save that for that discussion . 
  arranged is not always forced . 
  i guess this is a distinction she makes . 
  i know this coalition goverment consists of nothing but incompetent ministers who got their job based on internal party politics and not merit , but less us not jump the gun to quick and dimiss her . 
  she has ample time to fuck up before this coalition is thrown out of office in a year . 
  why should he compromise his talent and aspirations , because his own politicans messed up ? 
  that sounds almost communist , like he is the slave of the greek collective . 
  i think it 's a good thing for greece as well . 
  just see how many highly educated turks who are returning to the booming tirkush economy after spending time in the us and western europe . 
  it 's gon na be a sausage fest, 
  yes , there are christian art , but i was pointing to how people often lump everything that was invented or created in the muslim world as islamic . 
  but we would never call the art of leonardo da vinci for christian inventions or art . 
  sure , european orientalists do this lumping as well , what would you expect . 
  but it is as common in the muslim world as well . 
  even in a secular nation like turkey , there is the islamic technology museum http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roi5stodvrg , showcasing things like siege machines and sextants , and those were not invented by imams . 
  it 's funny right . 
  islamic art . 
  we do n't call our historic art for christian , even if it was deeply connected with the church . 
  this must say something about how strongly the peoples of the islamic faith identify with their religion . 
  if they attributte every great piece of art and knowledge they have created as being created by islam , and not by man , they lose faith and understand of the creative powers of mankind . 
  all their aspirations and hope will be put into their religion , which can not delivery them anything of progress . 
  and they as a society will remain stagnant . 
  little englanders . . 
  here helle , you ca n't manage denmark for shit , have a go at europe, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fethullah_g\u00fclen he sounds fairly reasonable all things considered . 
  better than salafist influence in the region, 
  i think germany should reconsider selling their subs to egypt , not for the benefit of israel , but for the benefit of the region as a whole . 
  egypt is in a transitional phase , who knows who is in power in a year or five . 
  but war is big business . 
  they let the dutch and uk state bail them out . 
  bailage was done . 
  the european federation would be my pick . 
  united kingdoms and formerly kingdoms of europe united republics and future republics of europe . 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  different nations should contribute to battle groups which in turn operates under european command and each state/nation should have their national guard . 
  i.e the nordic countries could combine their fleet into something like `` the nordic naval group '' , much like http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_battle_group , which would have it 's core competancy in operating and defending the northern parts of europe , but could also be integrated into other battle groups by a joint command . 
  europe is also piggybacking on this very overspenditure of the american military . 
  if we want the us to take a less prominent role in the world militarliy , this means that europe has to step up its game operationally , this can be done by nations spending more money or by dealing with this on a higher level in the european union . 
  europe ca n't rest on nato for ever , it needs to have a solid backbone of itself . 
  downvotes , really ... 
  this is why i hate this conflict really , most people do n't see its multidimensional and try to reduce it to a very simple black and white conflict . 
  also it is blown out proporsitions , more people have died in syria the last couple of months than in the entire israeli-arab conflict for the last 20 years . 
  show me one boycott that has worked . 
  every time someone in norway tries to start one , it ends up with increasing the import from israel , because other groups increase their buying of israeli goods in response . 
  norway has more crazy christians than crazy commies and facists . 
  nothing , except that some on the settlements are really controversial , even in israel . 
  i think you would be suprised to see how many immigrants who have fled for economic purposes , who try to continue living based on the disfunctional culture from where they came from , without ever understanding that there might be a link between this culture and their previous countries economic shortcomings . 
  mathematical average . 
  mongolia - sweden , another outliner . . sweden took something like 80.000 refugees from iraq during the war . 
  mostly assyrians . 
  in norway , the goverment runs 99 % of the airports in the country thorugh a govermental company called avinor . 
  avinor basically sucks money out of the airports that have alot of traffic , to subsidize rural airports . 
  this is all well and good , but when a private company wanted to build a new airport on an old military airport some 50min outside of oslo , the government did all in its power to stop this as it would disrupt the way it 's structured now , even though oslo gardemoen , the main airport , is nearing max capacity . 
  i think this is an extremely backward approach and principally wrong . 
  so did the eu with its bolkestein-directive . 
  postal delivery in norway is basically operated by one company , the governmentally owned bring ( see a pattern here ? ) . 
  bring has grown by expanding into the swedish market and taking shares away from the swedish postal service . 
  competition is good right ? 
  no , while the norwegian government wants to earn money in the swedish market , they do not want any other countries to compete against their bring . 
  luckily there is the postal-directive which the norwegian government is fighting right now , but in the end , it will succumb . 
  the eu is so big and encompasses so many different cultures and economies , that it 's values and rule have to be universal , principally sound and rational . 
  since they are being taken at such a high level , they have to be this way , because they can not take into consideration of every special need of every country . 
  many norwegians would very much like that , to sit on the proverbial mountain and gaze at their navels . 
  drumming up every possible perverse system they can think of , so they can hide from the unavoidable globalization . 
  throwing money from a pile of oil money , rather than fixing things , basically constructing a museum which will last as long as the money lasts . 
  the eu is not perfect , but it 's a continuously improving system that i feel has brought prosperity to the continent and will so in the next decades . 
  this crisis will only make the eu stronger . 
  i am norwegian and i do n't feel the exact opposite . 
  i ca n't count how many times european directives have stopped out politicans from doing something stupid , and we are not even members . 
  it 's about principles . 
  most people do n't find it fair when someone takes 3/4 of what they earn , and it does not matter if you are rich or poor . 
  that is the reason for the rich to react . 
  sure the rich should be taxed more , but progressivly more ?
