  speaking of democracy , when do you see the uk joining the ranks of representative democracies ? 
  the germans put the norwegian national socialist party in power as a puppet . 
  this party had 2.5 % of the electorate when norway was invaded . 
  of course this goverment would have anti-jewish policies , as it was the puppet of nazi germany itself . 
  it was also a dictatorship that had very little popular support . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with a norwegian pm apoligizing for this , but i do n't see anything wrong it not doing so either . 
  it was a good gesture . 
  if soviet had invaded the us , put the commuinst party ( http://www.cpusa.org/ ) in the us as a dictatorship , and that goverment starting sending enemies of the state to siberia on the orders of soviet , would you blame the average american population who hated this puppet regime ? 
  would a post-liberated us goverment have any blame ? 
  would their grandchildren 60 years after ? 
  of course not . 
  if the king of norway had given its blessing to this new regime , that would have changed things , but the royal family went to exile in england . 
  you both will . 
  | closer cooperation with ex-yu countries . 
  yeah , mm , yeah right . 
  seems like most of these alternatives , are not alterantives at all really . 
  | turkish population is doubling every 50 years and there 's no sign that this will stop in the future ( see this graph ) . 
  wrong http://goo.gl/q41a0 china is growing , yet people only get 1 child . 
  the global population growth is because of people living longer . 
  ( atleast outside of africa , afghanistan ), 
  austerity is not implemented to turn the economy as a quick fix , its to fix structural faults . 
  push more money into the system which is broken , and you only accelerate the decline . 
  is eastern europe going to grow more than western ? 
  of course . 
  is eastern europe going to to outperform western europe in terms of gdp , unlikely . 
  eastern europe is simply catching up . 
  old and new europe is terms coined by people during the bush administration while trying to gather support for the invasion of iraq . 
  they barely made sense in that context , they make little sense now . 
  norwegians love the illusion being independent . 
  that is what we got that day . 
  wow edinburgh looks beautiful . 
  but it is a blessing in disguise , because they will force the ... eh ... lesser optimal eu countries to perform the reforms the sorely need . 
  they need the reforms that northern europe went through in the late 70s to early 90s . 
  it 's better to take swallow the bitter pill now and i am sure that eu in 2016 is a much better place for it . 
  what a stupid indicator , unemployment + inflation ? 
  a high inflation is the most dangerous thing in any economy , on unemployment-percentage does not weigh the same . 
  venuzuela is in much bigger shit than macedonia . 
  there are other ways to stimulate the economy . 
  they could couple austerity with economic liberalization . 
  like scandinavian countries did in the 90s . 
  but it was not american politicians who forced the greek to have deficits of -10 % of gdp . 
  europe put itself in that position . 
  hear hear, 
  1 ) 850bn was the whole bailout right ? 
  for all banks , so scottland would not need to shell out that much money in a future credit crunch . 
  also there are other options as imf , emf etc. 
  2 ) bailout is not giving money to a bank , it is lending money to a bank which it pays back with interest . 
  rbs will be putting money in the english coffer long after independence . 
  3 ) do n't think for one second that scottland can not form its own independant state and succeed . 
  maybe it will hit on hard times in a transition , but the scotts must ask themselves what is principally right for them . 
  it is now the eu must assert itself . 
  there is not room for anything but a true liberal-democracy in the eu . 
  i am from a country that is not a member ( norway ) , but has reached a integration where it practically is a member in many senses . 
  actually , norway implements more eu directives than the eu-average and does it quicker than the said average . 
  so norway has been transformed by the european project as other european nations . 
  everytime i hear something on the news that national politicians are barred doing something by eu directives , it is always for the better . 
  a have a very concrete example : the norwegian goverment operates a quasi-govermental company that operates airports ( avinor ) , the system is structured in a way that the main airports in norway subsidises remote smaller airports , which is why gardemoen oslo is extremly expensive , while you can fly to the north of norway to a region with 10 000 people . 
  a group of investors in my local area wanted to take an old military airbase and make it a private airport that caters to the oslo-metropolitan area . 
  this would break the avinor-monopoly and the state did everything it could to stop this venture . 
  luckily there the bolkestein-directive which made them win in the courts . 
  eu saves the day . 
  breaking up the protectionism . 
  breaking monopolies . 
  liberalizing the industries . 
  we sure need that . 
  most people in my country does not care much for the eu , because they love the percieved freedom from the eu , while having all the benefits . 
  a norwegian membership is not on the horizon , but when it is , i will vote `` yes '' . 
  the two biggest parties in norway , the social democrats and the liberal-conservatives are both very pro-eu and together they have about 60 % of the electorate . 
  it 's only a matter of time , but it may very well take decades . 
  it all boils down to this . 
  what a abstract model state should look like , as agreed upon by the european nations , is far better than any concrete state in europe today , or in the world . 
  it is therefore beneficial for anyone to join the eu and streamline its state-functions and integrate its markets . 
  as for croatia , it is doubly important to integrate into europe given the recent history in f. yugoslavia . 
  serbs , croats and bosnians will be the best of friends when they trade together and will be able to sell their goods easily to its other neighbours . 
  it 's a new paradigm , far from the ethnocentric tribalism of the past . 
  but its not silver bullet , you still have to be sure not vote in incompetent leaders . 
  the winds of eu will set the ship in the right general direction , just do n't let the captain get too drunk . 
  war is not the option on the table . 
  striking their nuclear capabilities are . 
  iran would not gamble a war with the us , the revolution wants to preserve itself , which is the reason its getting nuclear arms in the first place . 
  there would be a israeli-hezbollah war as a consequence , as tehran would order an attack on israel by its proxy i lebanon . 
  people should read up on iran since 1979 . 
  most people of reddit have no clue about its history and ambitions . 
  needless to say , its alittle more complex than the big bad usa trying to dominate a poor innocent nation . 
  then prove it by boosting trade relations . 
  money talks , quaint and nostalgic ideas about a ango-saxon-brotherhood walks . 
  i am sure glad spain has not gotten the idea to align itself with its old colonies instead of with europe , i guess they empire was too long ago for them to have attachment to it . 
  soon the uk ( england ) too will understand that in the future world , it can not be a great nation on its own . 
  nor can any other european nation . 
  finance it by toll , and then those who benefit from it , will also pay for it . 
  dude , burlesconi had power up until like one month ago . 
  give it some time . 
  you have one people , two story books , three interpretations . 
  does not b&h have a political system that actually facilitiates these tribal divides , rather than to try to provide a pluralist democratic state ? 
  i remember once hearing about how different leaders had to come from different groups . 
  its funny how we europeans are either 1 ) xenophobic islam-haters or 2 ) pushover liberals taken advantage of by islamic immigrants . 
  anyone who does their research sees how this was indeed a genocide and a campaign of ethnic cleansing . 
  it reflects poorly on the turks that they have such an issue with the darker parts of their own history ( unlike say germany ) . 
  but i get a feeling that this bill mainly is to split turkey and europe to ensure france its position as the second most populated nation within eu and the power that comes with this . 
  she was the leader that the uk needed at the time .
