  i ca n't see a single homo in that picture , putin must be very pleased at the work progressed . 
  i guess the standard setup is a kitchen , a livingroom , bathroom and 3 bedrooms with a common area between them . 
  most houses fall somewhere between 100-170 square meters . 
  the layout does not lend itself to multi-generational living . 
  that being said , there is a class of houses often called `` generational houses '' on the market , which are large houses often split with two seperate entrances , which allows adult children and their parents to live in proximity . 
  goes without saying . 
  may odin look upon you , humble peasant of the eastern hinterlands . 
  why would they not be excited when someone from the german house of of saxe-coburg and gotha gets married . 
  that would make the lowlands , the highlands, 
  so being a ex-marxist nudist ossi does not buy you anything anymore ? 
  what will become of germany . 
  well , he made a strange choice of local church in chicago , for someone who is a closet atheist . 
  but whatever gives you that senate seat i guess . 
  i think chechen rebels eat serbian nationalists for breakfast . 
  it is the first time an elected government ever has said it i guess . 
  the previous one ( socialist/social democrat/centrist ) would not dare say something like that as it would indirectly say that different immigrants have a different desirability for the norwegian state . 
  norway spies on russia for nato , russia spies on norway for russia . 
  free kremesta from the athenian shackles . 
  only thing is , the samis would constitute like 5 % of the lappland population . 
  it could not work . 
  that you understood that is, 
  swedes . 
  they ( the boys ) have that swedish look down . 
  then clearly you all former yugoslavian nations envy bosnia based on this map . 
  lufthansa was behind the gezi-protests . 
  * facepalm *, 
  never mind what it is called , look at that churnin ', 
  i thought his swedish was very spot on . 
  if these le monde journalists are representative for the french attitudes toward its challenges , france is in deep deep shit . 
  this clearly shows the fact that developed turkey is far more developed than most people perceive . 
  something to keep in mind when discussing their entry into the eu . 
  how constructive, 
  really ? 
  15 % communist ? 
  who are these people ? 
  old people with selective memory ? 
  they like to smoke , and they like to hang prayer beads and flags in their rear-view mirror . 
  but it may be a part of the solution , if followed by investment and pan-european political will to make their situation in their home countries better . 
  but the law will be hard to enforce and might violate super-national judicial contracts . 
  maybe russia should be a part of that federal superstate as well . 
  it is not all that matters since norwegians also have to balance their wages to compete with the rest of the world in terms of production and export . 
  nothing would be better for finland than if nokia was dismantled over night and all its talent was forced to work on startups and spin-offs . 
  sent on a mission ? 
  by who ? 
  surely he was selected by nokia board of directors , which in turn is selected by the owners of nokia stock . 
  it also assumes that 23000 was the correct number for the greek economy prior to the crash . 
  but we know that the greeks fudged their numbers and that there was credit-driven over-investment . 
  it not a given that greece could bounce right back . 
  indonesia was hit because it was a export oriented economy whose trade partners had a meltdown . 
  the problems of greece is more intrinsic . 
  just two data points and they are apples and oranges . 
  anyone who thinks that economics is a science , and a hard one at that , should take offence to such `` evidence '', 
  the band is getting back together, 
  he could trip into a box of polonium . 
  schroeder was not that bad was he ? 
  same in norway . 
  or maybe the uk would veto catalonia , so that spain can return the favor . 
  man , that is some serious ridiculous anecdotal evidence . 
  if this is how his mind works , then he truely is a simpleton . 
  i think some of these really more reflect structural and contextual differences , rather than values . 
  you have to consider what the consquence of these `` values '' mean in their respective context . 
  when you ask a spanish person if his country should be more active on the world stage with helping others , this is seen in the light of what spain does at the present time . 
  most likely that spanish person will think this is a question about more foreign aid . 
  the american may read that question in another way , given the fact that it has a higher military capability and the fact that it has a leading role internationally and has been involved in two wars the last decade . 
  then we respond with even more ease of trade with ukraine . 
  positivly suprised of albania . 
  i do n't see it as a problem of thinking that the free market will fix it . 
  it is the problem of not letting the free market fix it . 
  the incentives are directed at buyers of real estate , giving them more money to spend and drive up the prices even further . 
  while slapping more and more regulations on the developers . 
  on the other side there are some mega-trends in europe and globally that makes this a hard solve for both goverments and developers , and that is increasing cost of building resources , immigration , and the fact that less people marry and more people diveroce , driving up the need for more homes . 
  i think your assement is correct . 
  to maximize his image as a scary guttural-sounding man , he chose to use the danish and not the arabic language to convey his message . 
  mohammed just might be the most common name , because muslims really like using that name . 
  the west just might have a larger name variety . 
  everybody benefits , that is the strength of european integration . 
  germany ( and france and uk ) are lucky to have a free trade deal with so many close and populous neighbors , and named neighbors are lucky to be connected economically/logistically to such a large globally focused economic engines . 
  russia needs to adapt a new geopolitical mindset, 
  50 years old ? 
  is that not retirement age in france ? 
  edit : easy with the downvotes people ! , i did not know it was 52 . 
  the cross dresser from mash, 
  so if your personal gdp is your gross income , what are your personal ratios ? 
  mine would be 150 %, 
  not a damp rag ? 
  what bothers me is that the open borders are not used as much as they could . 
  especially to relieve the contrasting work prospects for young people in different regions . 
  it is really good that he is considering other vocational options , given that he will not be our prime minister next month . 
  edit : on a different note , maybe that is not the best choice , the epitome of a taxi-driver is someone who has political ambitions for improving the country ? 
  and who is not afraid to share them right ? 
  you have to balance any political outcome with its alternatives , if not , you are just comparing any situation to some kind of utopia . 
  ( the utopia here is that germany could turn around their economy without making itself more competitive . ), 
  the alternative would be that these people had no job at all . 
  german should strive to eliminate these jobs , but only if they can convert them into higher paying jobs , not if the alternative is to let them not contribute to the economy at all . 
  how deep in trouble would the eurozone not be in if germany has not there to take a leading position . 
  it is really not that long ago germany itself was considered sick . 
  parts of germany still is . 
  luckily good leadership from both centre-right and center-left goverments in the last 10 years has paid off , putting germany in the position where it could enforce the same upon other european countries which needed their help . 
  that it had a center-right goverment when the eurocrisis hit . 
  it would not be exactly the same .
