  germany decides to expel all turks from germany . 
  they confiscate their belongings , real-estate and other assets and german tanks escort them out of germany towards their new homeland in anatolia . 
  but you see , there is winter in the alps . 
  so a lot of the german turks dies . 
  but this is not genocide you see . 
  then the turks are taken through the balkans where they are attacked by croatian fascists and serbian nationalists . 
  the germans try to stay neutral in all of this . 
  after all this is not their conflict , and this is not genocide . 
  finally the german turks are removed from the european homeland for the safety of all !, 
  sure , only 1 million of the 2.5 million survived , but it was not genocide . 
  it was a policy of population redistribution within europe and wartime . 
  shit happens . 
  germany has nothing to feel bad about right ? 
  after all , some german turks did attack german villages during war-time . 
  why did they do that ? 
  they had it coming . 
  by that logic should not england leave the uk ? 
  but is this not a case of slander ? 
  which is not protected by free speech . 
  i mean i am no erdogan fan . 
  but if my neighbour started going around telling people that i fuck animals and making videos about it , i would love to have some judicial recourse . 
  would my case be any different than the case with erdogan ? 
  if that is the case , then where does these kids the input to these games ? 
  i mean children playing pirates get that from tv-series , books and movies . 
  where do these kid get introduced to isis and their particular ways of conduct ? 
  and where does the romatization come in ? 
  was it not merkel who said that ? 
  as was athens . 
  sparta was a ruled by a representative government . 
  so the problem is pupils being graded in silos , with grade inflation ? 
  centralized national tests for admission to schools would remove this problem . 
  some backgorund on why the governor wanted to change the laws . 
  so the pkk should perform terrorism because kurdish civilians have died during operations done to remove pkk after them performing terrorist activities . 
  hmm . . sounds like a never-ending spiral if you ask me . 
  a logic that will never bring anything productive to that region . 
  i also see the irony that the turkish goverment in the last year has been so pro palestinian and had such a one-sided view of the gaza-situation . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/the-prophet-s-fifth-column-islamists-gain-ground-in-sarajevo-a-609660.html we are not talking about saudi money flowing into the balkans . 
  but maybe we are in 10 years . 
  so cousins then ? 
  i thought london was the jihadi-capital of the world . 
  oh , i thought more of it like uk being the abusive wife beating her husband , threatening to leave all the time . 
  alexander the great would be proud of his home country . 
  surely now people understand the need for a brexit ? 
  turkey does not even know how many people reside in istanbul . 
  for all we know there could be 3 million refugees in turkey . 
  your expenditure , your problem . 
  europeans are not to blame for your governments spending . 
  either your government are incompetent or they see value in the money that is spent . 
  go bark up a different tree . 
  the map does not say slavs are nordic , it says their skin is about the same tone . 
  you could put serbian nationalist on hamster wheels and show them maps of greater serbia and somehow generate significant electricity ? 
  did not the ah-empire invest more money into the balkans than they extracted ? 
  was not franz ferdinand regarded as a friend of the slavs ? 
  missing some black soil there . 
  what kind of weird constructions ? 
  what 's in a shape ? 
  that which we call a croissant by any other shape would taste as sweet . '', 
  well that was an anti-climax . 
  trump wo n't fund anything where he is not the star of the show . 
  calling auschwitz a polish death camp may one day land you in a polish death camp . 
  we should not give asylum to people based on their level of criminality , but the conditions in their home country . 
  therefore germany should not deny moroccans because they easily turn to crime , but rather because morocco is a stable country not experiencing total war or famine . 
  that is not true . 
  it 's just that the government will produce a sex education film about sexual self exploration . 
  it will be screened for all pupils and cameron himself will star in this film which is tentatively called `` a wanker shows you how to wank '' . 
  with guest appearance by obama , showing kids how to pull out early . 
  http codes should start in kindergarten . 
  not just error codes , but all codes . 
  especially 451 - unavailable for legal reasons , which i see in out collective futures . 
  its called the `` good sultan , bad sultan '' approach in foreign policy . 
  no not really . . but you saw it here first . 
  coined it . 
  how can this be pkk ? 
  i have been told by that socialist party in norway that the pkk is not a terrorist organization . 
  / rhetorical, 
  but turkey is also bombing isis are they not ? 
  maybe his crush is on erdogan . 
  would that be voted upon in a meeting or is this more likely ? 
  : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/letters_of_last_resort, 
  well , surely the us sees more benefit from propping up european defence than not doing it . 
  i do n't think this is something we force the us to do . ? 
  or are you suggesting that all the post war us administrations are naive suckers at foreign policy ? 
  there are right wing movements in europe who see russia as an example to follow . 
  russia may even have funded these parties . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/12103602/america-to-investigate-russian-meddling-in-eu.html russia and germany also has had a cosy relationship on the highest level . 
  http://www.the-american-interest.com/2015/08/27/russias-love-affair-with-germany/ so who knows what will happen the next 50 years ? 
  i do n't think the us wants a weaker eu , i just think they do n't want a stronger eu/united states of europe . 
  if the eu is weak at present is a subjective call , but in many ways i think it is when you take into account the potential of the bloc . 
  it is in the us interest to be the sole super power . 
  even though our values overlap at the present time . 
  who knows what the future holds . 
  the us must plan for a future where europe potentially could align itself with russia , as unthinkable that seems today . 
  or the eu could become authoritarian itself , to the left , to the right or towards islam . 
  these things would not mean that eu and the us would become adversaries , but it would change up the world order . 
  in short . 
  it must be much easier for the us to deal with a semi-superpower like the eu than china . 
  i think us politicians fear a multi-polar world where india , china and europe all create their own spheres of influence . 
  if this is something to be feared is another question . 
  edit : i am an trans-atlanticist ( unlike the current us administration ) , but is it really that unreasonable that the us do n't want the eu to take a more prominent role in the world . 
  no they want strong uk in weak eu .
