  western and eastern . 
  if the current trend continues , turkey will be begging the kurds to break out to retain its turkishness , but who knows what the future holds . 
  maybe he means sorbians ? 
  depends if you take the westward or eastward route . 
  jet-lagged as hell . 
  oslo , rogaland and hordaland has the three largest metropolitan areas in norway between them . 
  cities attract companies and highly skilled people . 
  all three are also seats for alot of norways industry . 
  the three bottom are typical rural/agricultural counties . 
  in other words making those who borrowed the money pay for it ? 
  rather than socializing the losses through inflation . 
  merkel should be loved by most of europe . 
  i think you have to the see the region over time as well . 
  i my opinion the serbs was indeed the main aggressors in the 90s , but hate comes out of fear . 
  during ww2 the serbs was really suffering from muslim and german nazis/ss and croation facists . 
  i think the disintegraiton of yugoslavia made the serbs feel exposed again and that they started to fear . 
  national states do not correspond well to cultural spheres in europe . 
  nation states are often nothing more than power grabs by monarchs with artificial borders . 
  which over the years have evened out little . 
  in good economic times nation states uphold their influence by their centralization and redistribution mechanisms , but as soon as the economy falters , the cracks become apparent . 
  the need for a so called federal europe with more states is becoming more apparent . 
  this will not diminish cultural diversity in europe , rather it will bolster it . 
  i have always thought that romania is the southern one , as it has the most latin/romantic influence , while bulgaria has more slavic/step influences . 
  but now i remember it by remembering that it is the opposite of what i think . 
  45/45 with 2:10 left my weak spot is romania vs bulgaria . 
  which is on top ? 
  and russia i would presume ? 
  the british are the insular french . 
  i hope the eu slaps us with a large salmon, 
  the true demons of the rural balkans are nationalism and tribalism , far scarier than any vampire can be . 
  this is good . 
  i consider myself slightly pro-israel , but these settlements do nothing to promote peace in the region . 
  is she approved by both fatah and hamas ? 
  you often see this with interviews of palestinan women also . 
  almost seeming more radical or hateful than the men . 
  women are as much facilitators of war as men . 
  women in their role as mothers have a lot of soft power within any society and have a lot of control over their sons . 
  yet alot of people will have you think that if only women were in charge , there would be no wars . 
  i see women as an equally large part of the problem . 
  it is more like impact / distance ^ 2, 
  european federalization, 
  the further north , the higher prosperity . 
  they should not rest until they reach murmansk . 
  luckily for the people of former yugoslavia , there has not been any refugee crisis in their vicinity in the last decades . 
  so they do n't have to relate to that aspect of war . 
  from what i have gathered from multiple sources : it is set in the near future . 
  there is an energy crisis in the eu , and a radical green party takes power in norway and decides to stop all oil production and leave nato . 
  the eu lets russia do a soft-invasion of norway to restore the production , with the intent of russia leaving afterwards . 
  but russia decides to stay and installs a norwegian puppet regime . 
  then there seems to be a conflict between norwegians who want to fight russia and those who want to lay low , with the tag line in the trailer : `` who is willing to sacrifice welfare for freedom , when life continues as it always have '' . 
  500 000 people per year ? 
  in other words the same rate which europe is taking in immigrants today . 
  well , relations with the west is at an 25 year old low . 
  and we all know that homosexuality is a western invention to erode traditional societies . 
  so its only logical . 
  not to try to work with the system that is in place , is to give up . 
  the fact that he worked with them , does not mean that he sees them as the optimal . 
  remember he is an symbol because he could not get his money , worse of are the people who have no savings at all , who do not stand in line . 
  and the final agreement will be some relief and some more reforms + restructuering , it 's just that now in the negotiation game greece is trying to minimize the amount of reforms , and the creditors are trying to minimize the amount of relief , and people on the street are hurting . 
  i am all for democracy and all , but is not the main point of electing politicians that they can make the best decisions for the population by using advisors , state officials , bureaucracies with a corpus of experience etc. 
  so that people can be taxi-drivers , engineers and bakers , without having to know jack shit about macro-economics , trade policies and monetary policy . 
  handing this over to the population as a vote , seems to me like a populist cop-out by the greek goverment . 
  does really your average georgios know what is the best path for greece out of this crisis , compared to say greek economists ? 
  basically are the ruling politicians now seeing that greece is fucked either what it does , and then just lets the population fuck itself so they , the politicians , can not be blamed . 
  whilst knowing very well that the population may choose the worse of two bad outcomes . 
  the ecb, 
  they are going for the 1 billion pledge , which gives them a lunch with tsipras , a free choice of a second tier greek island , as well as a signed copy of the soundtrack of the crisis composed by vangelis . 
  yes , what are all these lies about tayyip supporting isis ? 
  he does not support isis , he supports al nusra . 
  which still is pretty messed up , but the us has supported their share of extremists themselves in the name of geopolitical realpolitik . 
  turkey has been in a conflict with the _ turks _ kurds for decades . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey%e2%80%93pkk_conflict it makes more sense to see this in context of this , instead of comparing isis and kurds against each other , and then drawing the conclusion that this means that turkey supports isis . 
  the oligarchs are running out of orthodox-friendly coastal properties in montenegro . 
  i am sure russia could find some colleratoral for these loans in greece . 
  and of course some navy bases on crete would be swell too , now that the one in tartus is at risk . 
  even if you could , would you ? 
  i see the yield for 25y argentine bonds is over 8 % . 
  greece is going to need to loan money to meet its social costs in the future , even if it defaults and especially if it forgoes austerity measures . 
  it is not going to be as easy ( read expensive ) when the financial world sees you as a pariah that can not be trusted . 
  do you feel the same about serbia based on how gay parades are handled in beograd . 
  not even in athens ? 
  `` ireland produces enough milk and dairy products to feed 52 million people-2 https://www.agriland.ie/farming-news/world-milk-day-how-much-of-europes-milk-does-ireland-produce/, 
  like creeping authoritarianism then . 
  minecraft, 
  if the draft and negotiaton was not shielded , every lobby of every industry on both sides of the atlantic would try to manipulate/obstruct the outcome , introducing a lot of variables which would make it impossible to find common ground , because every issue would piss off sonene on either shore . 
  that is not how collecive bargaining works russia . 
  people of the political fringe often lack humor . 
  does not matter if they are religious , left-wing , right-wing , environmentalists etc. 
  i guess it says something about the kind of people who turn radical . 
  bosnians tell me that they just take saudi money as free monies , they do n't let saudi arabia actually export their view of islam to bosnia . 
  because bosnians are modern , secular minded and have a european historical background . 
  well what happens if saudi arabia gets to choose the imams ? 
  gets to choose the secondary texts ? 
  add that to the stagnant economic growth in the balkans , and tell me you are not playing with fire . 
  seriously . 
  there is no free lunch . 
  russia was really good at keeping their colonies . 
  thank you for a thorough and more correct comparison . 
  i think when you retell the story like this , it is really striking how absurd the apologists for these policies sound . 
  consider this scenario : europe and germany in the future was in a war against a large muslim political entity and german turks irregulars sided with these invaders in germany and carried out attacks against germans .
