why aye man ? 
  if that is representative for the town and the region , i am glad they where taken into the russian sphere , because i do n't want them in the eurosphere . 
  does this mean that they will be giving up their efta membership as well ? 
  this seems to explain her quarrel with norway http://voiceofrussia.com/2012_04_18/72168091/, 
  norwegian salmon , inferior to the belarusian . 
  she has a norwegian surname , which makes it stranger . 
  underpricing your oil/gas for geopolitical gains is something russia can not afford with where the current energy prices seems to be heading . 
  `` he calculates that at an oil price of $ 85 per barrel , russia would run a deficit of around 3 percent of gdp - enough to wipe out the whole of the reserve fund in a single year . '', 
  `` it sounds like a lot of money , but it can go quite quickly if oil prices were to fall much further , '' he said , noting that new production technologies are adding to the risk . 
  `` it 's perfectly possible given the shale oil revolution and the increase in global supply . '', 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/19/russia-economy-budget-oil-idusl5n0qp1ar20140819 one one side you have shale producers investing a lot of money in extraction , and opec pushing up production to try to make less shale-projects viable . 
  well . 
  the nazis did not call it festnung norwegen for nothing . 
  a soviet occupied norway would put the soviets next to the uk . 
  surely the allies would not like that . 
  i think both sides were trying to put as many buffer states as possible between each other . 
  because they knew that their two political systems would define the coming decades . 
  surely norway was talked about at the yalta conference . 
  you do n't think the soviets left norway because the allies said `` hands off ? '', 
  norway would have been one hell of a geopolitical spoil of war with its geography and geology . 
  the allies and the soviets started carving up europe long before the war was over . 
  that is not strange at all . 
  because the process is practically ( but not technically ) irreversible , those who are uncut does not have a race in the horse in the same way . 
  basically , a uncut person could still do the operation , but when you are uncut , its a higher emotional and psychological barrier to admit that you do n't feel it is natural , because it is irreversible and something that always have been a part of you . 
  of course you are glad to be cut , the alternative would be to be unhappy with something you can not change . 
  if that is the case , then this surely must be evident in the std statistics between eu and the us ? 
  `` limited data is available for sti rates in europe . 
  however , data from the netherlands found that rates of reported incidence are considerably higher in the united states . 
  [ 6,7 ] further , comparisons of prevalence ( the proportion of a given population which is infected ) find that the chlamydia prevalence among young adults in the united states is twice that among young adults in the netherlands . 
  [ 8,9 ] * '' http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=419&amp;itemid=177, 
  which leaves two alternatives : do you mean that greece should have defaulted ? 
  or that germany ( and many others ) in effect took over their debt-burden without making them fix their deficit ? 
  there were only two tools available , raising taxes or cutting costs . 
  the problem was simply that there was coming less money in , than was going out . 
  raising taxes was obviously not considered the best of the two options , because of the effects it would have on the struggling private economy in those countries , and there was obviously a lot of waste in the public sector of those economies , which made the solution pretty clear in my book . 
  those nations had to accept austere policies before anyone ( eu , germany , imf you name it ) could provide security . 
  the problem had to be attacked at the root , so it did not involve into a black hole . 
  in my book , it could not have played out in any other way . 
  crushing austerity ? 
  the alternative to austerity was not paying sovereign debts and default . 
  turning the whole of southern europe into argentina . 
  you do n't fix a budget deficit by spending more money . 
  using investment as a way to boost economy may have its merit , but it was not the right tool to bring those nations into solvency . 
  they needed to fix the deficit , then use investments . 
  africa + industrial agriculture could feed the world . 
  but yields are not good when investment can not flood into the industry , because western trade barriers are set up to protect our own farmers . 
  i think africa can sustain 2 billion more easier than india/china . 
  its bigger , is is more fertile . 
  just the nation of congo is 2/3 the size of india . 
  norway beaten by jordan . . 
  the probability of slipping and breaking your neck on the keyboard while playing fps is still larger than dying in combat in the bundeswehr . 
  prediction : - turkey will not be able to contain these people , if the flow increases . 
  - these refugees will travel to istanbul to hide from central government . 
  - large slums of refugees will form in istanbul . 
  result : istanbul is going to be evolve into a third-world vis-a-vis hyper-modern megalopolis , as taken out of a cyberpunk novel . 
  ubaydullah was observed driving one of the cars . 
  i do . 
  if everything stays on track and erdogan is not the closet-islamist everyone makes him out to be . 
  and leaders who are taking the country in a more autocratic tradition under the mask of populism . 
  also , hungary takes it name from the huns , which was a turkic or related people . 
  and has been the gateway for people of the steps into europe . 
  so in some ways i see how you would consider hungary more so than say albania or bosnia . 
  who said that there would be no short term loss/damage from breaking out of the union . 
  scots have to ask themselves , what kind of scotland do we envision in 30 years . 
  then they have to see if they best can realize this goal on their own or with the rest of the uk . 
  there are costs and opportunities connected with all options . 
  i wonder what europe partitioned into states of equal gdp would look like ... 
  looks like the way the rest of the uk ( and especially england ) is reacting , only will fuel more support for independence , which would again fuel more of these kinds of reactions . 
  the ottomans and the poles had some battles did they not ? 
  aretheycatholic * 0.5 + icangotheretogetjob * 0.7 - numberoftimestheyinvadedus * 0.33 - are therealotofromanisthere * 0.5, 
  it is only a proposal , so . . 
  i can see one or two things the russian could do which would disincentivize membership ... like if they stopped invading ukraine . 
  was not the terrorists strapped with explosives in a cramped space with all the children ? 
  seems like they had two options . 
  kill all the terrorists with collateral damage , or let the terrorists kill everyone ? 
  surely they are attacking ukrainian fishing boats which are infringing on the belarusian shrimp industry . 
  i wonder if nato does the same ? 
  if not , then this is an act of aggression of sorts . 
  got ta keep an eye on their # 1 mercedes market . 
  thats what happens when you oppose the merkmeister . 
  public spending can get an economy out of a rot , but reform must lead the way , if not , you or simply just pumping more money ( ie fuel ) into the machine that demonstratively did not work to begin with . 
  one is simply pushing the problems a head , which sadly has been the mantra of the western world the last decades . 
  that being said , there is probably a mile apart france and greece , in terms of waste , barriers to business and inefficiencies . 
  but every european nation has these issues on some level . 
  their kind should sit in the back if you ask me . 
  now, 
  i am thinking that europe needs the uk and it does not need the uk . 
  it is two futures . 
  one where the uk bring wholesome values to a more and more integrated europe . 
  the other is the scenario , where europe integrate faster with itself without the uk , which will bring value on its own . 
  i am not saying one scenario is better than the other , but the uk needs to make up its collective mind . 
  you should travel to playa del ingles , then you will see first hand the magnificent culture they want to protect from you continental degenerates . 
  / i kid , kind of . 
  perception is reality , we all live in our own collective dream worlds . 
  just , some of us are dreaming more than others , . 
  or neither ? 
  which actually was my point . 
  there is a million ways to pin this , but it all comes down to some deranged extremists . 
  they come in every color and creed , and we can never truly make our society 100 % percent safe from these elements . 
  more often than not , the extremists come from middle class backgrounds .
