  turkey is atleast putting alot of resources into highering the education in the rural areas . 
  taking the medicine is the logical thing to do when you are sick . 
  why would you not take your medicine ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  shutting up is a integral part of the process of taking medicines . 
  the father is merly creating the suffienct conditions for the rational action of administrating the medicine . 
  confederation with more regionalism . 
  strong central bank ensuring a free and functioning market . 
  anyone who doubts that turkey can not become a member within 10 years given it stays on course with reforms , should travel to instanbul . 
  no scratch that , everybody needs to visit istanbul . 
  i guess you rate italy as a first class efficient democracy then , with its myriad of parties . 
  the ottomans could be defined as a european power . 
  at least in the latter part of its reign . 
  the hubsburg empire should have survived . 
  it actually promoted pluralism and invested info the provinces . 
  it is not smart to call russia a foe , but it is thr uss number one challenger in geopolitics . 
  syria , rocket shields , georgia etc etc, 
  somalia as a liberterian paradise is such a stupid meme . 
  `` would even consider an applicant from southern europe . '', 
  read the article . 
  i am guessing its worded like this : would you prefer a : northern , western , eastern or southern european candidate when looking for a candidate . 
  there is something called liberal-conservativism, 
  center-right goverments in northern europe ( germany , scandinavia , uk ( i would go as far as to say labour is center-right ) has really done a good job in the last decade to reform the system for the better , without changing it . 
  the far-right movements is a disgrace for europe . 
  i think the system works well , but the sentences are too short . 
  someone said : if you are not a socialist in your youth , you have no heart , and if you are not a economic conservative as an adult , you have no brain . 
  this is a bad trend : 1 ) there is not room for all jews in the world in israel . 
  2 ) jews are a integral part of europe and have been so for over a thousand years and has contributed immensly to western civilization . 
  could we get them to kill each other ? 
  ... thats a bad thing to say ... i know . . 
  could have been worse , could have been brits and germans . 
  at what future price ? 
  eu sies not have the global reserve currency , it is not in the same position . 
  we need to fix our problems , boom time will come no matter , but the structurals problems must be dealt with now . 
  norway a military dictatorship in the pre war era ? 
  norway had practically no military with a constitution and parlament since 1814 , which is its modern inception as a nation . 
  just keep an eye on your bikes , ok ? 
  we should fix structural faults in the system , not blame the market for everything . 
  will you give us schleswig-holstein ? 
  or do we have to take it by force ? 
  also we will need hamburg . 
  or skinkeborg as we will call it . 
  it will have great strategic value in the reconquest of the puny british isles . 
  carl bildt is too smart of a man to ever have thought that . 
  how about zero waste in goverment spending by 2030 . 
  may be the problem is that while shedding the facism , they never shed the statism . 
  that does not look like the fjords in western norway or the one from montenegro , with deep oceans and high mountains . 
  that 's you vanilla sk\u00e4rg\u00e5rd-fjord that you will find all over the place in northern europe and even in north america . 
  while technically a fjord , its not a _ fjord _ . 
  we have those in the south eastern part of norway ( in and around the oslo-fjord ) and no one would even consider calling them a part of _ the fjords _ of norway . 
  the question was not wether sweden has beautiful fjords or not , but rather if sweden has anyone looking like the one depicted in the video . 
  why would i think the first scene was sweden ? 
  since populations in fmr . 
  yugoslavia is i2 and scandinavia i1 , i am guessing they are two branches some common ancestory . 
  ( i know all people share this , but i am thinking at a more recent time in history ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:haplogroup_i.png could anyone explain this ? 
  did some prehistoric tribe split in two , where one went northwards , while the other group southwards ? 
  or did the groups living in this area in the balkans at one time migrate northwards . 
  im beginning to see what thatcher was up against in her time . 
  internal server error 500 . 
  which is what i expected for a socialist solution for a socialist problem . 
  do you think turkey should align themselves with the arab world ? 
  or stay non-aligned ? 
  also , if i may ask , are you an ethnic turk ? 
  finally a turkish offical that acknowledges that this process will take time . 
  and then let the greek public sector continue to be run as a banana republic ? 
  greece needs more than a treatment , it needs a cure . 
  yes yes and yes . 
  reforms , reforms and reforms . 
  never stop reforming . 
  this is so counter productive . 
  this is power that greece have given to germany and the eu , by racking up budget defecits of 16 % per year . 
  newt gingrich ad , but not newt himself . 
  in the us , people/groups can make commercials for candidates they support , given they are given that premission . 
  ( hense the : the message was approved by xxxx ) . 
  some idiot at his campaign office must have given that one a go . 
  well , forever is a long time and alot can happen . 
  but in a 50 and 100 year perspective , i do n't see them being contenders . 
  europe has them beat in resorces ( there are more resources than oil ) , capital , social capital , population , education , you name it . 
  sooner or later russia will also take the step into the eu . 
  a turkish-middle eastern block will never rival that of the european union . 
  are they content with simply being the leader of their region , or a part of a leading region ? 
  turkey will benefit more by aligning itself to the west than the east . 
  but it should have good relations with the east . 
  both europe and turkey will benefit greatly by turkey joining . 
  i think the french fear that they will lose power relative within the eu . 
  germany will remain the head honcho , but will the german-french partnership lose its power yet another countriy with ~ 60-70 million people enters the union . 
  as for france having a fear for muslim immigration , it does not look that way when you see their immigrants ... 
  yes , turkey should join . 
  because it has done a massive job on reforming itself , and this process will lock-in once they join . 
  are they ready to join today ? 
  i do n't think so , but in 10 years ? 
  sure . 
  who cares if they are muslim . 
  european ideals are not religious , but humanistic . 
  europe will change them many times more than they will ever change europe . 
  but its important that turkey understands that the growth it has today , second only to china , is because of their liberalization and westernization . 
  some turks want to face away from the west after this revival , but i think that would be a bad move . 
  500 years they have stood on the gates of europe , the perpetual boogie-man , the horde . 
  i understand the deep fear in europe , but travel to instanbul and meet its people . 
  see where the country is heading , and i am sure most of you will lose your turko-sceptism .
