  cameron is trying to steal kazakh potassium , # 1 potassium in world . 
  belarus ? 
  russia itself ? 
  greece used to be military dictatorship 40 years ago, 
  yeah putin will love that . 
  i guess this is somehow germany 's fault, 
  and then they die . . and the money is taken by the state or split among descendants , who spend it and then die , and so it goes until the money is poured back into the economy . 
  it is the velocity of money that matters . 
  not giving up , shifting . 
  nato intervened to stop serbs from killing albanians , kfor was set in place to stop albanians from killing serbians . 
  bosnia , turn on your lights, 
  god guy norway does not use energy as political leverage . 
  british eurosceptics , looks like you are the new ussr you talk about the eu being all the time . 
  yup . 
  seeing the protestere has shown me how diverse and dynamic the turkish population is . 
  might take 10-15 years before they join , but it will ultimatly happen . 
  the religion of albania is albania . 
  like the elected government of the uk has any reign over national security agencies . 
  they are allowed to live their own lives because their objectives/mission span over multiple elected governments . 
  that is the problem . 
  not obama or cameron . 
  if trends continue , norway will have more poles than poland in 2150 . 
  people travel faster than ideas take root . 
  mass communication and revolution of transportation of people and goods has made people from poorer parts of the world travel faster to the west , than western ideas can take root in their native lands . 
  when globalization evens things out , there will be no need to move to the west to achieve the things that the west offers . 
  just look at turkey and germany . 
  a trend now is that young professional second generation turks in germany move to turkey . 
  did you know that 10 % of european genetic stock is from middle eastern farmers that entered into europe for about 8000 years ago ? 
  they took this percentage of the stock because they could sustain larger families with farming , but as time went by , native europeans adapted farming as well . 
  it evened things . 
  i am sure many of those european hunters thought that by the year 5000 bc , 90 % of europe would be near east settlers . 
  it starts like this : the government knocks on facebook 's door and with the law on their side , and demands access to some data . 
  facebook complies and puts a employee to extract the data . 
  then they send a new request , facebook complies again . 
  then they send a new and a new ... 
  while all of these may be judicially legal cases where the government have rights to access the data . 
  facebook ponders : `` we are not going to to pay 50 people just administrating these requests . 
  lets make this backdoor , a governmental self service portal . 
  and we will save millions of dollars in costs ! '', 
  it is the same reason that youtube have given rights holders a backdoor to take down copyrighted material . 
  it is not a sinister conspiracy , it is just companies trying to comply with law without breaking their necks financially . 
  money makes the world spin around . 
  not saying that this is not a problem , but as always the truth is a little less spectacular and boring . 
  and where do you draw that line ? 
  was 1946 germany responsible to pay damages ? 
  they were separate from the third reich as well . 
  nazi germany seized to exist when the surrendered , germany could not pay any damages before that . 
  hence any damages would have to come from another entity . 
  i think this is a non issue in germany . 
  the amount of money is small both in relation to the atrocity the holocaust was and the vast size of the german economy . 
  - `` the germans really are too good -- therefore people have ganged up on them to protect themselves . '' jfk writing home from a trip to europe in his youth . 
  some truth to that , even today . 
  thatcher feared a united germany would be to strong . 
  the eu needs the uk because even with the uk on the scales , germany is proving to strong a force in europe . 
  or rather that is what i believe is draghis iunderlying message . 
  i myself see not problem in the germanification of europe where germany has something which the other nations would benefit of modeling themselves after . 
  luckily iran does not have nukes yet . 
  but libya was well on its way with both a nuclear program and a loony president some years back . 
  europe solved that but having a presence in the region . 
  expanding influence eastwards will do the same trick . 
  in norway we have all those things . 
  there is a ban on alcohol ads , and wine/spirits can only be sold in government-run specialty stores and beer is sold in stores , but no later than 20:00 on weekdays and 1800 on weekends . 
  you know just before we evolve into a turkey-is-turning-islamist-circle-jerk . 
  ( which of course they just might be , but there is alot of moral-laws in western europe as well . ), 
  turkey is no buffer state , greece is the buffer state . 
  turkey just passes things through . 
  a strong land based border to those state would prove more effective than a porous coast line . 
  also i believe that a free kurdistan with a pro-western stance will be a buffer between the eu and those nations mentioned in the future . 
  also europe has a border with morroco today , is that really all that different from iran . 
  not just any muslim cleric , the nuttiest one in the north of aleppo . 
  what do you expect when you ask him . 
  i do n't care to read about what he thinks , because i already know it . 
  why even give him the time . 
  we have a few of those i norway as well , giving them airtime will only attract more people to their perverted ideology . 
  but they are easy headline-generators for the media . 
  i do not know a lot about armenians . 
  i would consider armenians european in those aspects you list . 
  based on the few things i do know and that the alternative would be considering them asian . 
  but i feel that this area is a little mix of influences . 
  some more geared towards europe , such as georgia and armenia . 
  good tailors , good traders . 
  has a very wide spread diaspora . 
  successful immigrants , kind of like jews has been historically . 
  early adopters of christianity , they got in on the beta . 
  european means having european institutions . 
  here is the deal . 
  due to rising costs and salaries , scandinavian society has a very hard time generating low-skill jobs . 
  those who are low-skill jobs have the benefit of being well paid , meaning that scandinavia is a very egalitarian society . 
  but the reminder of people who are not able to carve out a niche in the economy , will end up on benefits . 
  this is of course very negative for the sense of self-respect and worth . 
  immigration groups who feel isolated as well , and may have come from families who have disdain for the larger swedish society feels like they are victims of a cruel state that does not want them to succeed . 
  i think this is the cost of the scandinavian model . 
  there is no model that creates equal opportunities for everyone , that is an illusion . 
  the society is very competence-intensive and suddenly social mobility equates to academic performance , which many immigrants score low on due to obvious reasons such as language barriers . 
  i thought it was mostly albanians , who are not yugoslavians at all . 
  never heard of the bosniak-mafia in the context of scandinavia . 
  the number of ethnic norwegians in norway and americans of norwegian decent in america is the same . 
  short of 5 million . 
  between 1825 and 1925\u00a01/3 of the population made the trip over to north america . 
  norway used to be piss poor .
