  in istanbul i was asked many times if i were german , and they looked almost a little sad that i was not . 
  that is strange that some turkish immigrants would distance themselves to that degree from german culture , because i have always had to impression that germany and german culture is highly regarded in turkey . 
  it seems to be going out of fashion , but for a long time it has been used as a borderline slur to describe ethnic norwegians by immigrants in norway as well . 
  you mean bill `` everybody should own their own house no matter if can get a loan or not '' clinton ? 
  - go to turkey and meet young people , friendly and hospitable . 
  - go to a large western-european city and meet aggressive and alienated turkish youngster . 
  - go to the uk and meet friendly and jovial people . 
  - go to turkey and meet britons , and you 'll meet aggressive , lewd and drunk youngsters . 
  disclaimer : i am half joking . 
  pride over progress, 
  there is a class of people who people generally assume are dead : carter , bob dylan , thatcher , reagan ( prior to his death ) , roger moore etc. 
  it is what any rationally minded person would want . 
  is n't that a double negative ? 
  does that mean you are drunk ? 
  we should rather discuss it under / habsburg or r/ottoman, 
  east germany is one big bratwurst party, 
  there 's plenty deutschmarks here to earn and german tarts are wunderschoen german beer is chemical-free germany 's alright with me, 
  i heard austerity killed the neanderthal, 
  hamborg , lyb\u00e6k , love it . 
  the unions also would have to be compatible at a political level . 
  the south american brand of socialism is quite different from the european one . 
  i would assume the same goes for the right of the center . 
  but this could very well even out once south america reaches higher levels of development . 
  ca n't we send berlusconi to mars ? 
  when applying objective measures , i do n't see how they would not qualify many times over . 
  now we can trade old people . 
  extremists seeking up extremists . 
  not a suprising outcome , nor do i see the relevance to r/europe . 
  how about we make three zonal constructed language languages . 
  slavic , germanic and romantic . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/folkspraak http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zonal_constructed_languages, 
  what if austerity is the reason for the turn?what if austerity forced greek economy to reconfigure itself to be stronger and more effienct . 
  what if pouring more money into a broken and malconfigured economy only would have generated waste and cemented the structures ? 
  the eu as a symbol of rome ... 
  the swedish girl being an immigrant , nice detail !, 
  there is no tipping culture in norway , but alot of people would like you to feel that way , for obvious reasons . 
  the only exception i can think of is food delivery , because they have no hourly salary for the most time . 
  waitors are paid a decent hourly wage . 
  that being said , exceptional service should and could be rewarded , but there has never been a implicit contract between consumers and businesses in norway that they the former should pay a part of the emplyees salary through tipping . 
  it is us europeans who should do that . 
  but on a general basis , everyone should visit . 
  most of it is , but there is a group within it which supports it . 
  they are currently fighting it out , but their offical view is that they are against it . 
  why , i have no idea . 
  it is the party of rural communities , and i guess they fear that a expansion of the oil sector will make young folks in the rural areas move to the cities to work in the oil sector . 
  norway has a hard time sustaining its rural communities . 
  they represent farmers and fishermen , who does not want to share manpower with the oil-industry . 
  their offical reason is that it represents a environmental hazard to drill in the arctic . 
  if the eu is to be more open and competive , does this not require the eu taking a larger economic role ? 
  surely this can not be achieved if its left to individual nations to implement the required reforms independently . 
  which makes more eu both the problem and the solution of camerons woes . 
  no wonder be cant speak with a clear message . 
  the goverment wants to be able to sell norwegian agricultural products in the eu with low or no barrierers , while they want to block eu companies to do the same in the norwegian market . 
  if everyone did this , there would be no free internal market . 
  norwegian consumers are left with domestic produce or paying out of their asses for eu produce . 
  quality goes down , prices go up . 
  if the eu punished us , we would back down in a second . 
  thus reversing this process of continually trying to stifle competition . 
  it hurts the norwegian consumers the most . 
  less competiton , less selection . 
  this is just to protect farmers . 
  the agrerian party is getting paid for its participation in the current coalition . 
  in return they will let labour drill for oil in the arctic . . upholding agreements or acting in the common norwegians best interest has never been a consideration here . 
  please do, 
  basically the premise of the series is that the french are spoken to in english , and refuse to understand or respond in anything else than their native tongue , which the british do not understand or care to understand . 
  it 's highly realistic television . 
  `` it 's always the old who lead us to the war , always the young to fall '', 
  sweden and norway is as much , if not more seperated from the heart of europe , yet i do n't think any scandinavians would ever refer to europe/europeans without putting themselves in that category . 
  just got ta find that goat that can take them to the heart of france . 
  self selecting bias . 
  and the debts will pay themselves ? 
  failing to meet the payments will cause more havoc to the economy than austerity . 
  when you are running a deficit , you need constant money to pay public workers , pensioners etc. 
  if you do n't pay , people will not lend . 
  bottom line is that the bottom line must be balanced . 
  you might disagree with how , but austerity is part of the equation . 
  in greece it is also about reforming the tax-system . 
  europe can increase it 's military capacity without increasing the cost by pan-european integration . 
  we have the hardware , modern warfare is about coordination and logistics . 
  i do n't think it is fair to compare rural turkey to rural germany when comparing it with already eu rural areas . 
  compare it rather to the balkans . 
  both russia and turkey should join . 
  but it may take one or more decades , but integration will run continuously from now to then . 
  the deal breaker would of course be if turkey is taken down the islamic-route by the akp or russia is taking the autocratic route with putin . 
  the north supporting the south ? 
  we already have that part down . 
  * ducks *, 
  we got ta go all out on folkspraak . 
  only if prince harry would be our king . 
  merge most of kosovo with albania , but merge the dominant serbian areas with serbia and macedonia . 
  any serbs who get stuck in the middle , give them safe passage to serbia , russia and the eu . 
  this area may have been their homeland , but sometimes you just got ta be smart and get out before the shit hits the fan . 
  why ? 
  perhaps in the developing world . 
  but in pluralistic modern globalized societies you have national/regional cultures and international sub-cultures blending effortlessly . 
  an little example for the down voters : a serbian geek and a norwegian geek ( or a punk , or a heavy metal fan or farmer ) share something across from their respective cultures . 
  while in rural sudan , most peoples culture line up to their clan . 
  he then made a street sign , and flashed his shoulder tattoo reading : `` common market '' . 
  the article should have mentioned the biggest factor at play here . 
  kurdish vs non-kurdish birth-rates .
