well i linked this because i am bit scared finland will end up in similar situation as sweden . 
  and you ca n't imagine what kind of shit storm i started in finnish subreddit when i linked this , because it is `` racist '' . 
  here is also one intresting point of view for topic . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk3me3pltgs and it is funny how closely that interview approach topics in the forecaster documentary . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4103404/ or the leaks mr. snowden has done . 
  well isnt everything okey then ? 
  people didint have power before and they dont have it now either . 
  so somebody lied to them ? 
  so why did they vote ? 
  i so damn confused about this greek democracy . 
  when they vote no it actually means yes ? 
  lol, 
  yeah there is no right wing party running goverment , it is eu running your goverment . 
  i am very disapointed to this agreement . 
  there was nothing about fridge magnets . 
  they slow at making riots too ? 
  you need to learn effiency . 
  i am quite suprised if there is no riot in greek today . 
  current measures are your own fault . 
  you had better options earlier . 
  instead you wanted to act like squaky kid . 
  are you aware your tax poliicies are like kids play compared to ours ? 
  are aware we dont have holidays like you have ? 
  are aware our pension system is nothing like yours ? 
  we dont have those advantages as people . 
  we work hard , we pay lot and we dont complain . 
  we pay our debts . 
  we dont cry and demand other countries to come and save us . 
  and we are also in deep depression , we lost jobs and do financial cuts ourself without nobody demanding us . 
  last week there was huge mass layoff in microsoft . 
  we lost 2000 jobs with single hit . 
  we have pretty much lost over 10k + job only in nokia . 
  yes we dont have our crown gem nokia anymore . 
  but you see us crying ? 
  we are stand and we do our best . 
  begging is not pride for us , it is shame . 
  pride is when you stand behind your words and go forward without complains . 
  and we have word for it , it is called sisu . 
  you understand we are in deep depression and we are doing huge financial cuts ourselfs ? 
  and we are doing them volunteery without anybody demanding us , because that is what responsible country does . 
  this is what greek needs . 
  there is lot to learn from partner like russia . 
  definetly right direction for country like greek . 
  i am sure putin will help uproot the corruption . 
  merkel needs to add greek fridge magnets in proposal !, 
  and btw , your country population is twice the size of ours . 
  our budget is 50miljard per year and our support to greek was 7miljard that is 14 % . 
  that is from country that is in deep depression , i would be fucking grateful . 
  well we will see if you deliver , https://twitter.com/tarapalmeri/status/620262473476763649/photo/1, 
  well what i understood from you talk is that you dont trust your own goverment , why should we ? 
  isnt it obvious ? 
  trust . 
   our politicans are n't so dear either . 
  we voted parties to cut our financials . 
  we made that decisions as voters . 
  we wanted them to cut our social support so we can cut our debt . 
  you see the difference ? 
  you dont get ? 
  you are talking shit about our representives , who we voted and who promotes our intrest . 
  do you understand situation we are in ? 
  we are in depression , people are losing jobs , we need to do financial cuts and same time we should support you ? 
  our people are against it . 
  we voted people in our parlament and biggest support went to parties that are against greek . 
  and now our fm is doing what we told him to do , stopping greek money . 
  are you aware you are talking about our politicians . 
  you are talking about our people . 
  you are talking about people we voted . 
  you are talking about our beloved stubb and merkel . 
  they are our representives . 
   our people dont get the money , the banks do and here is a game of them and the politiancs . 
  maybe you should fix your corrupted goverment then ? 
  german , fins and others live in countries with democracy and transparency . 
  our politicians do exactly what we say and when we dont like them we vote them out . 
  it is not our fault you have such system . 
  it is not our fault you dont change things there . 
  it is not either our responsibility fix your problems for you . 
  we spend money on you already and you didint deliver what you promised . 
  why would we give you more money ? 
  so you could fuck us in the ass again ? 
  there dies thousands of people in african every day . 
  why would i give my money to greek instead them ? 
  stop the `` stop playing with lives '' bs . 
  can you translate that for me ? 
  stop crying , it is your own goverment that did this . 
  it is time look in to mirror . 
  it is not our job to feed your people . 
  edit : and btw putin is helping you , you should be happy . 
  he will help you with corruption and transparency . 
  i love merkel more every day , such lady , such balls . 
  i am quite disapointed , i could not find any hate from comments :'(, 
  sorry do n't really get your point here . 
  i meant eu as `` top '' and user as `` bottom '' . 
  where eu cant really effect the `` cyber security '' of inviduals . 
  because , what ever the systems are the user is always the weakest link . 
  talking about `` cyber security '' general . 
  it is not something you force from top to bottom . 
  it is something you build from bottom to top . 
  nothing help as long as stupid user is stupid . 
  oops , didint notice it , though it looked like that because noscript :p, 
  concept is also quite stupid .
