  how could something like european `` cyber security '' effect the security at personal level . 
  it is because right wing left , because they didint want to stay under ellen pao . 
  but unlike right wing , left wing likes to stay under dictator . 
   it pains me to say this , as a pro-european i think it is more pro-european to let greek exit . 
  greeks gets money and problem is moved forward few years . 
  what then ? 
  we we put in more money ? 
  markets are already full of eu money and they are acting wierd . 
  all the money is already floating the market and it dont react because they expect eu to pump more money . 
  we should have let the greek crash in the begin . 
  now we just rescued people who took greek risk first place and paid it with tax payers money . 
  who is going to save tax payers money ? 
  it is like we are blowing one big balloon which will blow up eventually , it is just better to let it explode now . 
  i am not really complaining about anything . 
  i am just pointing out somebody like trispas is not trustworthy . 
  what comes to my prefered outcome , it is greek exit . 
   he has no other choise . 
  well i took that as you agreed what i said about trispas . 
  so basicly you accept his actions , which i think you accept misleading people is okey as long as it promotes your own intrests . 
  and seriously ? 
  racist card ? 
  lets try to act civil in here , we are not greeks after all . 
  so lying and misleading is okey as long as it promotes your own intrests ? 
  i think this is the fundemenal problem you have . 
  and also the reason you guys should not be trusted . 
  why would anybody trust trispas . 
  he is doing almost identical proposal as people voted against . 
  and he is even talking about `` people mandat '' . 
  seriously ? 
  shitty propaganda . 
  well it explains quite lot , 
  well i quess it depends what you represent . 
  are you openly pro-putin ? 
  st. petersburg is most european city in russian . 
  it is almost like hong kong in china , where ideas and ideologies dont really match with main country . 
  it is also quite pretty city . 
  it is also quite safe to travel from helsinki with train . 
  russians are not bad they are really warmhearted people who love sauna and vodka , it is the goverment that is rotten . 
  yes ? 
  not relevant ? 
  are you aware of german beer culture ? 
  dude , you are talking to german . 
  reported to fobba . 
  i really love that yougurt where is that old beard dude . 
  it is awesome . 
  is euro exit in tsipras 's agenda ? 
  because looks like letter is tsipras way to get greek people vote no . 
  and it is also possible `` no '' will end up in euro exit . 
  is this just way to add euro exit in to tsipras 's toolbox in negotiations ? 
  what are they actually voting ? 
  is voting unreadable for reason ? 
  are they building tsipras `` people support '' with false voting so he can do what ever he wants and later say `` you voted me '' . 
  wow such political game , many plots . 
  tsipras gave `` power '' to people with referendum when there is not really anything to talk anymore . 
  but what is the point of this letter ? 
  he wants to show people he is actually doing something when he is not ? 
  thank you . 
  greeks dont really have nothing to worry about . 
  we are all in war against russian soon . 
  wtb used greek iphones , paying 20e each . 
  my family see greek as irresponsible communistic country , which is run by bunch of kids that dont understand deadline of contract . 
  which is colored by news like this : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-29/these-greeks-are-having-a-party, 
  `` hey babe , you know we have still working economy in here ? '', 
  i will stand with irish !, 
  imagine the glory days of housebreakers , everybody holds their money in socks . 
  fucking fish oil !, 
  i have been waiting for this moment . 
  i have saved all my money and it is time to make money out of greek tears . 
  thank you . 
  put up fundrasing for ukraine military 2 . 
  put dogecoin pics to back of military dudes 4 . 
  take pics 5 . 
  put pics in reddit with fundrasing information 6 . 
  shit goes viral and you get ton of money 7 . 
  where is our dogecoin task force ? 
  the issue in here is that you are not allowed to talk about those issues freely without getting nazi card . 
  it is also immigration problem when you look at crime statistics and people behind them . 
  well it is also fault of immigration integration . 
  also it is not miniority opion anymore . 
  people start to see issues in their daily life and when they try to talk about it or bring the issues up they are called racist . 
  and because they are called racist they dont want to talk about it anymore . 
  since nobody is freely talking about issues anymore , there is no healthy public conversation , instead people will vote somebody like `` finns party '' . 
  where one of the leading figures is convicted of `` provocation against people '' ( not really sure about the translation ) . 
  so instead healthy conversation and actual tackling the issues the pro-immigration people has pushed us to this sitation where most people voted most anti-immigrant party ever . 
  hooray , immigrants are such forward pushing force for nations . 
  seriously , people wake up , it is not rasist to call out the issues immigrants bring in , it is statistical fact and realism . 
  we also have student parties with mixed saunas and even those events are not `` sexual '' even everybody is naked . 
  i just love hitler , he is such cutie :3, 
  thank you !, 
  i liked the raving hitler part too . 
  putin best dictator !, 
  uk sounds so stupid , thats why they probably voted brexit . 
  this reason why % is so high in finland is because attacker is probably russia . 
  and what the have in russia ? 
  well they have vodka . 
  and what fins love ? 
  well vodka . 
  it gon na be like vodka tourism in 90ish . 
  because nato is the main way europe is protected if members are n't paying in then defence is weaker which is especially worse when russia has shown aggression . 
  lol
