  so no blocking from our part apparently, 
   but is germany in particular criticized by the greek public ? 
  yes  maybe he 's looking for a public head-to-head where he can score some concessions for domestic political points ? 
  yup, 
  from an inside perspective , you 're right ( unfortunately ), 
   had the vote of over 180,000 people in the 2014 parliamentary elections that 's ... nothing . 
  fucking golden dawn in greece , received almost 400.000 ( 400k ) votes in 2015 . 
  and the population in ukraine is almost 4 times bigger than that of greece ( 40ish mil in ukraine - 10ish mil in greece ), 
  we chose poverty , because we got tired of swimming in money . . who the fuck writes these articles ? 
  if we were rich , we would n't be able to beg for moar euromonies . . that 's why . 
  we ** chose ** to remain poor in order to receive more money !, 
  ha take that eu, 
  it used to be like that in greece , then the gvt appointed some assholes , gave them a raise and they shut up, 
  judges are public servants , they are not handpicked and appointed . 
  i was mostly referring to the `` high '' judges who are directly appointed by the gvt.these people do n't give a shit about the average worker, 
  the judges , even though they are independent from the gvt , are appointed by them . . you ca n't bite the hand that feeds . . btw replying to your previous comment , the working conditions for the average worker in greece are terrible , everyone knows that , yet noone attempts to fix it . 
  the measures syriza proposed would just scratch the surface unfortunately, 
   due to the lack of law enforcement mostly because of that . 
  the legislation is fine, 
  was the name republicains picked by chance ? 
  does it imply something ? 
   devalue currency  print more money to pay off debts how did n't we think of that earlier ? 
  wow it 's so simple after all  greece could avoid the austerity measures which are so unpopular i guess we will avoid austerity by printing more money . . 
  damn it 's so simple, 
  damn you 're right . . anyways , getting payed for all the months you work is so 2003 . 
  i personally have n't received a salary in 6 months and i 'm proud of it, 
  why 8 and not 5 ? 
   used statistical trickery to hide its debt and earn entry into the eu , \u03a4he eurozone you mean . . 
  cyprus and israel in a balkan list . . hmmm interesting, 
  will the uk opt out though ? 
  maybe i do . . getting a pension at 26 while in public sector just does n't happen . 
  you simply do n't have enough years to qualify , even for a ( very ) reduced pension . 
  unless he 's referring to medically discharged workers , it 's simply impossible . 
  i guess my experience living and working in greece does n't count . . 
  it 's impossible to get a pension at 26 in greece . 
  simple, 
  bravo !, 
  bismark ? 
   as early as the age of 26 years old . 
  lol , i 'm over 26 and still have n't retired . . 
  so no 26 and retired does n't happen , sorry, 
  `` an open letter from ( some of ) the mods of croatia , albania , bih , kossovo '', 
  or / r/greece . 
  actually it 's just croatia , albania ( one person ) , bih ( 2 ) , kossovo . . not exactly the mods of balkan subs as the title suggests tho, 
  h&k is a multinational company and one of the biggest defence industries worldwide . 
  and the have less personnel than eas ... 
  we 'll sell them dear , not keep them to ourselves !, 
  the tanks could be used as bait while we throw rocks at airplanes and landing ships . 
  but you did n't learnt that from me, 
   much of the equipment bought however is not even suited for successful defenses i disagree . 
  unless you have specific examples . 
   your government just bought it because they were either bribed or because they wanted to have equipment in numbers equal to turkey ( or both ) unfortunately you 're right . 
  nevertheless , the imia incident caused a massive arms-race which noone could block at the time . 
  our military 's main goal is to defend a possible attack from turkey . 
  after the collapse of the ussr there are no other enemis nearby who could successfully attack greece . 
  so , yes you 're right, 
  on their [ website ] ( http://www.eas.gr/en/52/our-company ) it says 800 people . 
  no idea how accurate it is, 
  no idea , but is sounds plausible . 
  their ammunition was frequently considered sub - standard though, 
  haha the eas ( hellenic defence systems ) , the company that 's supposed to build the ak 's employs 800 people !!!!, 
  more than h&k and with achievements no where close to h&k, 
  that article is bullshit . 
  firstly , manufacturing a rifle , does not mean abandoning nato standards . 
  furthermore , some nato countries are actually using the ak 's with no issues concerning their nato membership . 
  secondly , co-manufacturing a rifle , already produced in several other countries will not mean that greek forces will have to replace their existing rifles . 
  thirdly , the original source ( onalert . 
  gr a defence oriented - read bullshit website ) is clickbait article with stupid remarks such as '' the russians , saw the facilities , were thrilled and they openly said that they 're good for them ( my translation ) . 
  conclusion : bullshit article , bullshit source , written by and for the greek russophiles . 
  [ that 's ] ( http://www.onalert.gr/stories/mosxa-kalei-athina-apantiste-mas-an-mporeite-na-ftiaxete-ta-nea-kalasnikov/42798 ) the original article in greek edit : nato members , bulgaria and albania use the ak-47 ( according to wiki ) and greece could produce the ak-101 variant which uses the nato 5.56 caliber with no need to abandon nato standards . 
  so , plenty of mistakes on that article, 
  who the fuck is this guy and why is he on the list ?? 
  is it because he 's an enemy of kammenos ? 
  that 's 4chan / pol mentality, 
  true , although that vote did n't mean much in reality, 
  curious : 90 % of your comments on / r/europe are bashing greece and greeks . 
  do you have an agenda ? 
  are you simply pissed off ? 
  what 's the deal ? 
  games without frontiers    eurovision, 
  does the article mention that we need to give 10bn in order to become members of the bank or no ? 
  the brics bank that has n't even been established yet ? 
  the same bank that will fund development funds in emerging countries ? 
  the same bank that has brazil as a founding member , a country that was against the imf aid to greece ? 
  yeah they will definitely fund greece, 
  to be honest greece has already defaulted 4 times in its history ( 1892,1922,1932,1945 ) . 
  still waiting for that recovery though, 
  deflation is bad mmkay . 
  especially for poorer people ... also by printing more money , inflation will increase and the public will essentially become poorer . 
  not to mention that a devaluation of the ( possible ) new drachma will mean that the debt will increase ( since its in euros ), 
   however he can go back if things go bad . 
  unlike most of the greek population . 
  that 's why i despise him, 
  remeber the wise words of varoufakis : '' kostas lapavitsas ? 
  he build a career on supporting a return to drachmas '', 
  none actually . 
  the dude lived/lives in the uk has a paycheck from his university in pounds , he has stocks and deposits in english banks . . 
  honestly , if i were him , i would support a grexit as well, 
  how did you reach the conclusion that i was annoyed ? 
  syriza has already agreed to extend enfia .
