  i like how you say you dislike gd and call them morons , yet you agree with their stupid rhetoric about a politically motivated trial . . yeah , the thousands of pages of accusations are fabricated , so are the accusations on killing lukman ( the pakistani worker ) , fyssas and attacking pame and anarchists . . gd ** is ** a criminal organization , and if other political parties have ties with the `` underworld '' they should be jailed too . . 
  trying to test your knowledge of french by listening a rap song equals dissapointment ;-( nice tunes though, 
  \u03a4he accusations are lengthy but the tldr is that gd is considered to be a criminal organization . 
  besides the murder of fyssas ( the `` communist '' rapper ) there are several more attacks they 're accused of , i.e the murder of a pakistani worker in 2013 , attacks to egyptian fishermen in 2012 and several more attacks towards anarchists , worker-unions etc. 
  the leader of gd ( mihaloliakos ) and several other high profile members ( some of which are deputees ) are accused of orchestrating these attacks . 
  they are also accused of using extortion , promoting racist and violent ideology , possesing illegal firearms etc. 
  i think the total number of accused is around 70 people . 
  p.s i apologise for not using the correct legal terms, 
  i thought eubam libya was supposed to deal with that, 
  [ russia has n't reached deal to provide $ 3.2 - $ 5.4 billion to greece : ria cites kremlin spokesman ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/18/us-eurozone-greece-russia-gas-iduskbn0n90cr20150418 ) is everything reported on greece , 90 % wrong nowadays , or is it me ? 
  it 's still in the works so it 's unclear what will happen , however the pipeline will start in eastern greece and either continue to the west towards italy and albania or simple stop there and tankers will do the rest, 
  off course not, 
  and it 's not yours . . 
  funny thing is that the greek law is clear on that . 
  you break the law , the police can enter in a uni and arrest you . 
  however due to political pressure this is n't enforced . 
  heck the athens uni was closed for almost 20 days because anarchists had taken up the buildings . 
  profs and staff were begging for the gvt to apply the law ( the demonstration ended today btw after the police intervened ), 
   `` we are going to start renting out public buildings that are not in use '' considering the fact that businesses are closing one after another and that the greek real estate market is practically dead , i doubt that this will have any effect . 
  not to mention that before renting them , they will have to do several long procedures , such as listing them , choosing the prices , signing contracts etc. 
  i presume a very negative response from the eu . 
  what was handed to greece in silver plate ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  for greece at least , it 's both cultural and economic . 
  currently , i 'd say it 's 100 % economic, 
  tldr ? 
  how is it relevant to greece ? 
  that too, 
  you could also blame their incompetence and their lack of knowledge on the european affairs . 
  syriza has been in the opposition for so long , that they are ( or were ) convinced that the eu has some sort of evil plan towards greece . 
  along with their extraordinary promises which they do n't seem in favour of abandoning , their lack of agreement suggests that they are in such a position , so unexpected to them , that they can not accept it . 
  reality has n't hit them yet . 
  ( besides the economy , syriza has dissapointed in several other sectors e.g their policy towards immigrants , their attitude towards the police and rioters etc ), 
  yeah but it 's the truth !, 
  the damn website is called truth out , they ca n't be lying can they ? 
  we were buying submarines prior to the crisis silly !, 
  well it is the church we are talking about . 
  priests were never known to be open to changes . . 
  the thing is that your entire post was based on a out of context phrase . 
  when tsipras said forget the past , he meant the problems between the russian - greek relations , nothing to do with ww2 or anything . 
  as for not trusting tsipras , my moto is to never trust a politician . 
   if any critic of tsipras is deemed as greek hating , we should ban all critical of europeans leaders . 
  true , although in our case it feels like greek hate , rather than politician hate . 
  see the highest rated post on this thread ( `` you have been bribed ( the greeks ) and refuse to acknowledge , and it sickens me ( and my wallet ;-) ) '' . 
  most of the posts refering to greece are directed to the greek people aswell . 
  another high rated post on tsipras ' visit to russia mentioned that we are becoming a fifth column in europe and we threaten to disrupt the european unity !, 
  that 'll help with the crisis, 
  true , but do n't base your post and your rhetoric on a out of context comment, 
  sure but there 's the whole ukraine thingy , unless some major positive action is taken the sanctions wo n't be lifted, 
  your post is the only one that makes sense and yet you are downvoted , shame , take my upvote, 
  funny thing is that he was refering to the lack of russian-greek cooperation in the past years and not ww2 or ukraine , but who cares right ? 
  probably not , but then all of the eu would benefit, 
  was that economist lapavitsas ? 
  how convinient that the case started in [ 1997 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distomo_massacre ), 
  putin himself said that he would n't exclude the greek exports from the ban . 
  well at least we still have twitter, 
  so syriza will veto the sanctions ( even though they agreed on a extention in february ) and gain what exactly ? 
  they did n't ask for financial aid , putin did n't exclude greek exports from their ban . 
  why would greece veto the sanctions ? 
  heck russia has n't been involved in any of the privatisations in greece , they were n't interested in the oil drills in western greece and a proposed gas pipe will take years to finalize . 
  i would expect putin to offer a lot more in case we voted against renewed sanctions , and that 's simply not the case, 
  reading your replies , you 're mostly wrong, 
   i 'm just glad that no one 's posting farage/ukip shit any more . 
  aaand that 's how we feel, 
  thanks man but i 'm anti syriza actually . 
  i 'm pretty sure we sacrificed our integrity when we were caught with wrong and made up statistics and then begging for euromoney . 
  greece vs the rest of the eu and we 're disrupting unity ?? 
  27 vs 1 is basically unity . 
  not to mention that syriza did vote for the extension of the sanctions in february even though they claimed they would n't . . 
  i would n't see tsipras ' calls as nothing more than the attempt of pm of a indebted state to gain some advantages in a tough situation . . 
  as if greece has the power to chose its partners . 
  we 're in a crisis remember ? 
  we 'll take kim yong un if we can . 
   great , so we 're getting a fifth column of moscow  no one is saying you 're the fifth column i seriously doubt that greece has the diplomatic leverage to convince the majority of the eu to lift the bans on the next council . 
  60 % of peaches , 90 % of strawberries , according to a farmer . 
  numbers for total exports ? 
  ah yes a meeting with putin , a few friendly words ( what was he supposed to say as a guest ?? ), 
  aaaand we 're the fifth column already . 
  i 'm surprised how we managed to do that . 
   so greece lost its larger foreign importer of agricultural goods you mean exporter ? 
  also sure about that ? 
  source ? 
  secret banker working in greece , can confirm . 
  actually i ca n't it 's a secret sorry, 
  that did n't happen though, 
  really?it 's been in place in greece for 4-5 years , with no legal issues, 
  ahh yes we have institutionalized corruption . 
  that 's why syriza created the ministry for corruption , nepotism and tax evasion . 
  srsly you post crap like that in every thread that involves greece , do you have some sort of weird sexual fetish ? 
  ahh yes before i attempt to criticize syriza , i must write a 2000 word essay explaining my views on greek politics . 
  since i did n't write any comments on laos , i must be sympathetic towards them . 
  circlejerk is strong with this one, 
  so why did samaras pushed the judges ( of the corrupt greek judicial system you know ) to arrest gd ? 
  could 've been better to leave them alone and then cooperate . . 
  thanks for your answers , and thanks for doing these posts . 
  this scandal has had minimal coverage in european news ( including greece ) and honestly it 's pretty hard to get informed . 
  take care, 
   it was even pushed in media that a `` serious golden dawn '' could be in the government with nd . 
  pushed in the media , not the party  ideologically they are very similar so no surprises there anel ( independent greeks ) are closer to gd , and now they are actually part of the `` leftist '' gtvt with syriza  also another right hand of his was caught on tape bribing an elected member of the parliament on december in order to vote in favour of the president and avoid the recent elections bullshit !, 
  noone was caught !,
