  as for the independent authorities , syriza planned to introduce a public revenue agency under the deputy finance minister . 
  this is somewhat illegal under eu rules ( apparently ) and was n't received very well . 
  you do n't have to know anything , nevertheless all eu countries ( besides uk i believe ) have a vat and i thought everyone knew that, 
  it 's about implementing a new rate for vat . . 
  there is a vat ffs, 
   even now turks in western thrace are called `` greek muslims '' ehmm that 's because according to the lausanne treaty ( that still governs them ) they are muslim greeks . . just like the greeks in imvros / tenedos / istanbul who were expelled and not allowed to return, 
  haha yes i imagine for a norwegian , brussels is cheap . 
  not for a greek though . 
  the thing with brussels is that it takes a while to discover the place . 
  the best cafes/bars are not right in front of you ( like in athens for example ) and in order to `` see '' brussels you 'll have to do some `` research '' . 
  if you study at ulb visit the cimetiere d'ixelles area which has ( or used to have ) great bars and cafes . 
  oh and do n't miss out on the frites ( fries ), 
  i used to live there for a year and a half for my studies . 
  it 's pretty quiet and most places `` die '' after 22.00 . . 
  the center has bars open until late though . 
  do n't shop from supermarkets near metro stations ( they are more expensive ) and buy fruits and veggies in midi on sundays for 90 % less . 
  there are plenty small cafes and restaurants but they close early ( unlike greece obviously ) . 
  most locals complain about belgian politics but that wo n't affect you as a foreigner . 
  honestly it was a pretty nice time for me . 
  prices are a bit high but since you come from norway that wo n't affect you . 
  edit : brussels imho is one of the few multicultural and multiethnic cities in europe ( eu , nato , un , offices there ) so that makes brussels a lot more amazing, 
  arrest?lol . 
  i thought that they simply [ killed you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solomos_solomou ) or [ beat you to death ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tassos_isaac ), 
  probably not , since they agreed on the treaty of sevres to actually give smyrna to greece, 
  smyrna could 've been protected , there were even plans to set up defensive lines further east but since venizelos lost the elections he could n't follow his plan . 
  furthermore he never planned to take constantinople . 
  edit : also lol the greek navy alone could n't have attacked bosporus , not even the allies in ww1 managed to do that, 
  greece : nothing crazy , look into websites , newspapers , or just flyers outside appartments, 
  may 3rd . . anyways the bill was already voted, 
   however i have a feeling prices wont drop , this . 
  businesses will use the decrease of vat to increase their ( reduced ) profits and in the end the system will return to 23 % . 
  much like the decrease in vat for restaurants , which did n't have a positive effect, 
  that too . 
  however , ( and imho ) you cant ' fix an pension scheme when there 's more pensioners than workers, 
  the pension system is basically flawed because there 's noone working to pay for it . 
  with 27 % + + unemployment there 's simply not enough workers funding the pensions . 
  \u03a4he new gvt is actively trying to propose new reforms without negative effects to the poorer classes . . not cancelling them . 
  the police is actually in front of the tomb of the unknown soldier which in turn is in front of the parliament . 
  the tomb was never guarded by the police , but recently rioters though it would be a good idea to violate a monument dedicated to the dead . 
  sad really, 
  the blue one offers resistance to teargas and to the evil eye , the rest depend on specialization . 
  you can wear them when you reach lvl5 + rioter, 
  i was mostly refering to the gvt rather than the small stores . 
  setting an electronic system would be easy but the gvt is n't capable of actually monitoring all payments . 
  not to mention that even if the system is implemented , it would be easy to bypass . 
  e.g a 140euro bill could be split up to two 70e receipts , and there would be no need to use a card . 
  not to mention that you could just avoid giving a receipt and avoid cards overall, 
  it will impossible to set up such a system in the short term ( although it might actually offer a solution to tax evasion ) so i doubt that it will be implemented edit : grammar, 
  their popularity fell in comparison to older polls . 
  still leading by a large majority of course, 
  for financial crimes against the greek state , the date of the crime might not matter . 
  on 1 may 1983 , an israeli air force f-15d collided with a douglas a-4 skyhawk during training . 
  unknown to pilot zivi nedivi and his copilot , the right wing was sheared off roughly two feet ( 60 cm ) from the fuselage . 
  the a-4 disintegrated and its pilot safely ejected , while the f-15 nosed down and entered a violent roll . 
  zivi decided to attempt recovery and engaged afterburner to increase speed . 
  he was able to prevent stalling and maintain control due to the lift generated by the large horizontal surface area of the fuselage , the stabilators , and remaining wing areas . 
  the f-15 landed at twice the normal speed to maintain the necessary descent and its tailhook was torn off during the landing . 
  zivi managed to bring his f-15 to a stop approximately 20 ft ( 6 m ) from the end of the runway . 
  he was later quoted as saying `` it 's highly likely that if i would have seen it clearly , i would have ejected ... '' ; leaking fuel along the wing had obstructed visibility of the wing itself . 
  the aircraft was repaired and saw further combat service . 
  [ sauce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mcdonnell_douglas_f-15_eagle#notable_accidents ), 
  why the fuck would we accept a military takeover ? 
   being a member of an opposition party does n't make him less of a politician , much less a veteran . 
  it does however make him clueless to eu and greek politics , since he never had to actually govern  furthermore , he 's a party leader . 
  you do n't get to be the leader of a major political party if you 're clueless about politics . 
  sure you do . 
  he was elected years ago , with only one other candidate , while the party members ( who voted for him ) were in favour of a young ( litterally young ) politician  complaining that he never held a serious job outside of politics is a clear indicator that he 's no amateur . 
  only it is . 
  he went from university student , to candidate for mayor of athens , to party leader , to pm . 
  yet he never held any significant post . 
  his political career consists of him , being a member of the opposition , and simply saying `` no '' to everything , without providing any reasonable counter-proposals . he has n't even had a serious job before becoming a deputee . 
  edit : spelling, 
   or they really are as amateurish as they seem , but i held a higher opinion of varoufakis . 
  varoufakis has/had zero experience in politics . 
  in this field , he is an amateur . 
  as is tsipras, 
  the same proverb exists in greek too . . 
  it seems tsipras was in the opposition for so long and has no clue how european ( or greek ) politics work . 
  the way i see it , it 's 18vs 1 and he ( tsipras ) thinks that we can still overpower the rest . 
   but they underestimated the fact that other european nations also have voters that hold their elected officials responsible for their actions . 
  he was asked that question plenty of times . 
  obviously he had no answer, 
  the atrocities the greeks commited during the war of independence do not qualify as genocide . 
  even the turks do n't consider it genocide . 
  not sure about the comparisons in the armenian genocide and the turkish independence war , the former happened in 1915 the latter started in 1919, 
  well , it 's probably because your national hero is also a mass murderer, 
  what were the similar atrocities the greeks commited ? 
  are greek accused of genocide nowadays ? 
  and they still do n't fulfill the copenhagen criteria, 
   and the money they were forced to loan to us . 
  it was n't a loan , it was an investment ( plz take it as a joke ), 
  relax man , i 'm not blaming germany for causing the migrants to relocate , because you had some african colonies 100 years ago . . 
  pre-ww1 , germany had plenty of colonies . 
  greece wo n't survive until august with these tricks, 
   the tape they provided is evidence of that . 
  i believe evidence . 
  so yes , i do believe their claim because they provided evidence no one has refuted yet . 
  simple as that . 
  the tape of the fascist asshat it evidence now ? 
  ( the asshat in this case is baltakos ) ffs think .
