  people do n't care about facts man . 
  do you remember cologne rapes ? 
  before the semen had even dried , breitbart was on full attack mode against the feminists . 
  injecting hysteria everywhere and accusing them of being silent . 
  in reality though , they were n't silent at all . 
  they were vocal . 
  but who cared ? 
  facts do n't matter to these people . 
  if you want to do something , do it because you feel like it , not because you will change the minds of morons , because you ca n't . 
   believe it or not a lot of people being anti-muslim are so because of ignorance more than hatred . 
  not a huge difference imho . 
  hatred may arise from ignorance and ignorance from hatred . 
  my point is that it does n't matter . 
  if you have found yourself asking random people who did nothing to you or anyone else `` why are you silent ? '', 
  then you have already made a choice . 
  a choice to completely disregard your fellow man or woman . 
  you assert that it may help some people but how do you know what ? 
  show me these people who changed their minds due to reality . 
  i mean when does that happen . 
  yup , you missed the [ united nations treaty ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) on refugees which you clearly have not read , preferring to regurgitate right wing propaganda . 
  your rights are not lost if you do n't stop at the first country you crawl to ( i.e. 
  turkey ) . 
  you still have rights . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  well , i hope you are sitting down for this , because it will hurt your feelings . 
  ready ? 
   article 31 of the refugee convention says that refugees should not be penalized for having entered a country illegally if they have come directly from a place where they were in danger and have made themselves known to the authorities . 
  therefore , asylum seekers should not be detained for being in possession of forged identity papers or for destroying identity or travel documents . 
  the [ article in question ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3bcfdf164.pdf ) is quite clear . 
  i can skip greece and just walk all the way to germany , where i can legally apply for asylum . 
  100 % legal . 
  do n't like it ? 
  great . 
  that is your right . 
  you should n't like it . 
  but you also should n't lie , or even worse , isolate yourselves in an informational online north korea where the only information coming in an out are rabid screams against foreigners . 
   london , paris , brussels or amsterdam are already mostly populated with people of foreign origin . 
  [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_groups_in_london#foreign-born_population )  37 % of the population were born outside the uk , including 24.5 % born outside of europe . 
  [ 2 ] edit : not the best statistic admittedly , do n't upvote me, 
   my gut tells me sweden will be around 25 % muslim by 2050 , but that could be my ass not gut . 
  good job . 
  you managed to sneak that in there , while pretending to ask an innocent question . 
  this actually made me a little embarassed, 
  i imagine that any attempt to establish truth , even in cases where objective/measurable data is available , will be shot down because `` omg tyranny '', 
   i think many british people will be very disappointed that is the agenda my friend . 
  nationalists need a scared , poor and angry population to solicit votes from . 
  so of course the result of brexit will be bad . 
  it has to be , people need to be in constant frustration and fear , so that the forthcoming reactionary governments can keep being in power - until the next generation of voters kicks them out , that is . 
  they said the internets would make us smarter , more connected , with easier and faster access to up-to-date information etc but its nothing but a large mirror , that shows mankind 's idiocy laid bare it is not a nice sight, 
  oh no , you are not getting all the threads shitting on the eu anymore , so you are upset :(, 
  evidently not, 
  you should put an / s next time , spare us both the time :(, 
  correct, 
  umm no ? 
  unless these 4 more marches had 66 million people in them then its not really expected . 
  in fact the march before the muslim one had even less people ( 1000 ) so its clearly a double standard for the muslims , something this sub is very fond of, 
  what i would say is this : if you want to pay tribute to the murdered officers , to honour their sacrifice , to show solidarity to their family and friends , please go ahead and march . 
  but ** do not ** march to appease the idiots . 
  that is the wrong reason . 
  it wo n't work . 
  you ca n't appease idiots . 
  why ? 
  because they are idiots . 
  is it the best attitude ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's fact-based though . 
  like if marching would change societal attitudes against them , i would have them march every day . 
  but it clearly wo n't . 
  a submissive , servile attitude towards people who have already decided to hate your guts is a bad idea . 
  it will only make you hate yourself and feed into their sadism . 
   they should actually distance themselves . 
  i see , so you guys can keep complaining `` why are the muslims silent ? '' . 
  brilliant . 
   sunday 's march was organised by a group of mosques in the area who said they had had enough of people asking why muslims `` stayed silent '' after terror attacks by armed islamists . 
  what a dumb reason to march for . 
  seriously , they might as well have stayed home . 
  these muslims are delusional when it comes to their fellow countrymen . 
  their march will not change anyone 's mind . 
  if someone is moronic enough to ask random muslims `` why are you silent ? 
  '' , then no action will ever convince this person to reconsider his or her views . 
  these people have a pre-existing , pre-conceived , ideological hatred towards muslims and nothing can change that . 
  expected ? 
  you make it sound as if non-muslims regularly go on marches when an officer is murdered, 
  tell us great leader , what absolute number or percentage of muslims should march , for you to consider the narrative crushed ? 
  also how often should they march . 
  share the wisdom please, 
   anecdotal you keep using that word . 
  i do not think it means what you think it means, 
  ah yes , the ` elected representatives do something i disagree with therefore they are tyrants ' argument . 
  we are already used to it . 
  it 's quite amusing that people would ( sarcastically , i see ) argue against truth and facts . 
  thankfully its quite rare but every time i encounter this mentality i am amazed . 
   i personally think it 's to flood the market with cheap , uneducated workers to drive down wages there are no large numbers of cheap & unskilled jobs . 
  this is n't the 60s anymore before you guys start going off the rails with conspiracy theories , how about taking a look at objective reality : refugees are here because there is a war somewhere, 
   people are easier to control when divided . 
  nope , insane people arguing on ridiculous premises ( i.e. 
  propaganda ) are very difficult to control . 
  you ca n't get anything done on the other hand , if you want to control a population , you need to enforce a strict monoculture on all its members . 
  no differentiation . 
  this is how governments and autocrats have traditionally controlled their populations .
