  abstract geopolitical actors do n't write in / r/europe in fact they ca n't , because by definition they are not material and thus lack the means to interact with keyboards you see where i am going with this, 
  sure but , strangely enough , people object only to the predictions that go against their political ideology . 
  all other predictions are fine . 
  or so it seems, 
  again , a lot of assumptions here . 
  i mean thanks for all this trust in my country , but i have to question your powers of observation . 
  when was the last time we did n't completely fuck up ? 
  i think that a recovery is impossible . 
  so i 'd much rather we die slowly - so that my friends and family can at least enjoy a semifunctional life , even if it doesnt last long - instead of jumping off a cliff but that 's just me, 
   pretty sorrowful if you ask me . 
  please break out the world 's smallest violin for trump and putin . 
  i am sure they need it . 
   those people basically criticise russia for doing the same things the west does ( e.g. 
  intervening in syria ) , which strikes me as a bit hypocritical . 
  yeah that 's what whataboutism is listen , you can condemn russia without buying into reagan 's bullshit . 
  i mean you condemn russia while simultaneously condemning western imperialism . 
  basically you can condemn all imperialism !, 
  crazy i know but you 'd be surprised to know that many people do just that also the ideology of the alt-right is not a matter of politics . 
  it is factually true that they hold a similar , if not identical , ideology with putin 's russia . 
   we seriously need to refrain from the rampant fortune telling going on around here except when refugees are involved , right ? 
  then we are allowed to make predictions like omg western civilization will end / s, 
  i 'm calling it right now , the year will be 4144 and these municipalities will not have paid off even half their debt hello future !, 
  if you are reading this and are an internet archaeologist from the year 4144 , i hope you find my prediction to be amusingly true, 
  how about you wait for the changes to actually happen ? 
  brexit has not even started and trump will be sworn into office for two months it will take years to have enough data to properly judge these radical events yet you sound like someone who is more concerned about winning and humiliating his ( imagined ) enemies, 
  you said `` without the eu '' so that is why i said what i said . 
  but still i do n't think he could even handle that . 
  seriously what makes you think we could handle that, 
   greeks do n't want your fucking money . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  this is n't free money they are giving us . 
  nobody is giving us handouts . 
  the money that is going to `` the banks '' is the debt our ancestors accumulated . 
  the previous generations . 
  they fucked up in a profound way , because they were culturally , morally and intellectually incapable of joining the west . 
   yes it 's going to be very painful , they 're going to go bankrupt , suspend all international debt , but they get to start building again . 
  and what better hope is there then to start building on a better future ? 
  that is incredibly optimistic . 
  who told you that there will be rebuilding ? 
  who says that there will be a better future ? 
  wishing things does not make them become real, 
  oh gods please no more of this . 
  all that shit implies that greece is a rational agent . 
  like , governed by rational people and consisting of rational citizens . 
  but all available evidence points to the contrary . 
  and note that i did n't say `` capable '' but just `` rational '' . 
  even that is a huge assumption . 
  the challenges a default and a eu exit are immense . 
  and greece has failed in easier tasks . 
  do you think we could handle this massive challenge ? 
  why ? 
  have you been impressed by the way we handled any of our issues and expect us to handle this one as well ? 
  i 'm telling you , if we returned to the drachma , we would n't even be able to print the money . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  and here you are talking about long-term economic plans . 
  just ... no . 
  i 've no idea what you are getting at you claimed to be called a woman hater , yet all we have is a dumb internet celebrity who disagreed with you . 
  the horror your democratic rights are taken from you / s, 
  he is greek . 
  we are not educated enough about other people 's identities , not even the minorities that live in our country . 
  we are not even aware of them . 
   yes , was talking . 
  unfortunately much of the so called left seems to have given up talking about certain things lately ( where by `` lately '' i mean since the fall of the ussr ) , to the point that many of the parties that call themselves center left are practically indistinguishable from the right when it comes to economic issues , like privatizations and tax cuts to bankers . 
  capitalism won . 
  going against capitalism is political suicide . 
  the only way trumpists are getting away with it is because they use codewords ( bankers , internatioanlists , etc ) and also because they mix their anti-freemarket message with a lot of nationalism . 
  try running a proper anti-capitalist platform without crazy amounts of nationalism and/or populism . 
  you wo n't stand a chance . 
  people do n't wan na hear that shit . 
   and , incidentally , he won . 
  twice !, 
  anyway , i really would disregard much of what the conservative media had to say about obama back then . 
  it seems that they tend to call anyone who does n't embrace the gospel of ayn rand a socialist . 
  these people did n't disappear man . 
  they are still there , running the republican machine . 
  you absolutely should pay attention to them if you care about global poltiics . 
   i do n't consider clinton to be `` left '' . 
  regarding the popular vote , she also lost four million votes compared to obama 2012 , and eight million compared to obama 2008 , in spite of having every single media outlet firmly behind her . 
  i also would n't go as far as saying that those who voted clinton were `` agreeing '' with her : i 'm quite certain a lot of people simply voted her because they were scared of the alternative , which is n't the same as agreeing with someone . 
  this applies to everyone . 
  same thing can be said about trump : not all of his voters agreed with all of his mad ideas ; they just hated hillary . 
  point is , most of the people went her way . 
  this should tell us something . 
  but , strangely enough , the `` independent '' media are running the exact opposite narrative , that somehow liberals have lost touch with the people when the numbers do n't really support that argument . 
   that woman in texas became an internet hero for protesting against lowering the limit to 20 weeks ? 
  but anyway , you are saying that an internet celebrity disagreed with you and you feel persecuted ? 
  did i get you correctly, 
   the left has become so preoccupied with civil rights that it seems to have forgotten about social rights , and if it wants to start winning again , it needs to stop fetishizing minorities and start to address the problems of a majority that is defined not by race , sex , nationality or sexual orientation , but by class . 
  i do n't know if you noticed this but the left was talking about class for like two centuries ? 
  and the right-wing got mad . 
  they did n't like . 
  i mean they really hate issues of `` class '' . 
  for example , less than 8 years ago , obama was viciously attacked for promoting `` class warfare '' . 
  he wanted to tackle income inequality and he got called an atheist marxist muslim communist . 
  and not by fringe cooks , but by virtually all republicans . 
  yes , these were the same people who now talk about `` class '' and `` inequality '' . 
  i mean give me a break , some of us have memories . 
  politics is raw bullshit and ideology does not factor much into it . 
  it is all about winning , politicians will say literally anything anytime in order to win . 
  basically , it 's all about charisma .
