  just because you do n't like the fact that these people applied for asylum ( as they are entitled to ) does not make it a crisis, 
  yes , he made them mad by removing their largest obstacle to federalization , the uk, 
   are you seriously asking how ** untold billions ** of refugees from foreign cultures , can have an effect on germany ? 
  ftfy . 
  needs more drama . 
  because people were complaining that `` too many '' refugees were coming in . 
  now that the arrivals have been reduced to one third ( something like 300,000 vs last year 's 900,000 ) people are complaining that the ones from last year were too many . 
  this is the problem with our fact-free world . 
  numbers do n't matter . 
  you could literally deport half a million people and the same people would say `` but there are half a million more left !, 
  '' , essentially complaining no matter what . 
  reading your post and your username , you sure sound like a reasonable person who is very open to the opinions of others / s, 
  or , you are muslim-paranoid . 
  pot calling the kettle black much ? 
  it is fine if we hysterically shout about muslim `` migrants '' at every discussion , even those that do n't concern them , but do n't dare mention the nazis !, 
  even if they are part of parliament in my country . 
  i remember around 2011 they ( golden dawn ) were giving interviews on national television stating that marriages between greeks and non-greeks should never be allowed because the greek race should be preserved . 
  they actually said that , at the peak of their popularity . 
  so please realize that you are just a fringe ideologue who is still morally obliged to respect the wishes and fears of the majority . 
  you do n't give a fuck about racism or nazism but many , many people do and for good reason . 
  instead of being a smug and angsty youngster , try to understand why grown adults are worried about this . 
  try to understand how their lives will be affected if these `` concerned citizens '' worm their way into power . 
  and i am talking about your * real life * being affected in many ways , not your online shitposting career . 
  but your life . 
  having read this , please go back to writing long-winded posts about how horrified and angry we should be against this so-called `` establishment '' because they dared accept refugees of a kind you found ... disagreeable . 
  well , you are you spending your free time complaining about being called a racist is every thread . 
  so you might as well spend that time for doing something useful . 
  the populist right wingers thank you for your effort . 
  they already turned worldnews and news into dogshit . 
  i just ca n't wait for / r/europe to be another shithole where we fight all day over clickbait news . 
  orwell would be proud : apparently , the fight to mislead people is the fight for freedom . 
   this is an unacceptable high number of asylum-seekers lying about their ages . 
  which number would be acceptable ? 
  i am sorry but everything seems to be unacceptable for you . 
  any number of refugees is unacceptable , any number of crimes ( even 1 ) is unacceptable , any amount of relocations are unacceptable , everything is unacceptable . 
  it is almost as if you have a preconceived ideological hatred for the eu and/or merkel . 
  i do n't know what they did to you . 
  i hope you get over it some day . 
  yeah that 's because there are no communists left nationalists , on the other hand ... 
   `` allochtoon '' and `` autochtoon '' that sounds like drunk dutch people trying to speak greek, 
  / r/greece enacts a referendum to decide what to do in this war . 
  the wording of the referendum was extremely confusing and people were not sure what they voted for . 
  when the results came in 52 % for `` maybe '' and 48 % for `` perhaps '' , people protested in the streets and blamed austerity for the war . 
   but suppression of religion during the 1950s in czechoslovakia was a travesty . 
  yes , because atheists today are all nkvd members, 
   there are different evidence and way of proving things that believers accept and there are different evidence and rhetoric that non-believers accept evidence is not subjective if it is , it is not really evidence is it ? 
  yeah thanks but the point is that you do n't get to make that judgement because you are not european nor do you know anything about the cultures here . 
  so , what i believe matters . 
  what you believe does n't . 
  sorry but i do n't share that sentiment . 
  putting all this emphasis in respect is wrong . 
  you do n't control what will someone will find disrespectful , when judging his or her ideas . 
  some people get disrespected if you look at them the wrong way , and are happy to beat you to a pulp for it . 
  other people feel disrespected if you simply assert that their god does not exist and are happy to send you to jail for it . 
  i would know , because greece has a blasphemy law :  except for cases under paragraph 1 , one who by blasphemy publicly manifests a lack of respect for the divinity shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than three months . 
  they also demand respect and this is where it leads to . 
  so yeah , it is impossible to know what will offend you or anyone else . 
  there are simply too many people in the world , with starkly different personalities too . 
  so , being concerned with `` respect '' towards to an idea essentially hamstrings you . 
  you will not broad some subjects . 
  you ca n't express yourself . 
  you lose creative freedom . 
  but obviously i agree that you should respect people . 
  i would n't call someone an idiot , but i would call his ideas idiotic . 
  because there * are * idiotic ideas in the world . 
  this is obvious unless you are a relativist , but in that case you are useless anyway . 
  lol spoken like a real thought police * do n't mention fascists or racists . 
  talk about anything else but them *, 
   i 'm not here to lecture , i 'm here to warn you being passive on immigration is a big mistake ... 
  so you are basically here to lecture us . 
  but here is the thing , your society is different and your immigration is/was different . 
  and here is the kicker : we do n't consider your society to be a failure . 
  not just europeans but the majority of your population agrees . 
   damn straight , i 'm tired of the left bullshit . 
  woman running politics has been disastrous for us . 
  they encourage other nations to just come right in and sponge off us . 
  you are wrong if you view this via gender . 
  men running politics led to the biggest wastes of male left ever known to europe . 
  these continents you called shitholes are ruled by men and feminism does not exist there . 
  does that mean men ca n't rule ? 
  of course not . 
   you 're right , we are the most powerful and do n't have to worry about an attack . 
  we do take that for granted . 
  you do take if for granted . 
  that is why your post makes no sense . 
  our problems and our circumstances our very different . 
   i 've only been to italy once , i 'd like to visit again and it still look like italy . 
  i do have a job , i 'm also a student and take the heritage of my ancestors very seriously . 
  that is your problem . 
  nobody asked you to crusade on behalf of nationalistic european parties . 
  you are not protecting cultures ( nor could you ) but politicians . 
  and the populists are some of the worse politicians . 
  please be the isolationists you claimed to be . 
  do not meddle . 
   how the hell is that illogical ? 
  we 're stuck in a limbo-like situation where no side has enough power to force or do anything rational , instead both parties blame the other for not doing enough . 
  so you agree that the eu indeed does not have power . 
  that 's strange because you were arguing both sides of the argument before . 
   the mandatory forced relocation scheme was forced through via a qmv , to the great dissatisfaction of the v4 . 
  doing something against someone 's will is forcing .
