  because there is a group of men that is ideologically commited to attacking feminism in any shape or form . 
  / u/xnicolex made a very accurate observation that feminism is still needed and / u/cheekycheetah immediately that to put him or her down , by telling us how women have it better than men because they allegedly retire earlier . 
  this is the internet . 
  you ca n't mention any instance of inequality against women without having the mra 's immediately barge in and protest how privileged women are in reality . 
  same thing happened with black people in the usa where the #alllivesmatter counterprotest immediately sprang to life , in order to put down the original #blacklivesmatter movement . 
  unless there are muslims involved . 
  in that case , feminism is important and women need to be taken seriously if their sexual attacker was a muslim . 
  that is the only exception you will find . 
  most of the issues that plague our society stem from ideology/religion/morality being preferred over pragmatism . 
  common sense is not common . 
  people would rather go with `` the way things should be '' rather than what data and observation and logic tells them . 
  even in the west , where we are sadly not as liberal or progressive as we think we are . 
  you think ? 
  i would imagine it depends on the situation . 
  forcing parents to raise kids they do n't want sounds pretty fucked up to me . 
  both the parents and the kids ' lives will be a mess . 
  and imagine these parents being poor as well ? 
  not being able to provide their kids with food and the necessities of life ? 
  sounds like a nightmare . 
  much better to have one parent who genuinely cares for you than 2 parents who hate you and one another . 
  especially if the single parent does not have to worry about providing food and shelter to you . 
  that sounds a lot healthier to me imho . 
   a lot of people expected this , and told the uninitiated what would happen , but the uninitiated would not take heed , and would discard the information as being racist or not political correct . 
  but what the `` initiated '' said would happen was hysterical accounts of western civilization collapsing with millions of muslim invaders constantly raping white kids while our societies collapse around us . 
  combined with these histrionics , we 've had political violence where politicians are beaten up , stabbed or killed . 
  not to mention refugee shelters being often firebombed when migrant families are inside . 
  so you understand why nobody took you seriously and why nobody ever will take you seriously . 
  nobody should take you seriously at any capacity . 
  you have been screaming the same nonsense since [ 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) and it has literally become a case of `` cry wolf '' where you go into hysteria-mode every few years based on whatever is going on at the world at the moment . 
  really ? 
  i am still waiting for western civilization to collapse . 
  because according to `` concerned citizens '' there are billions of rapes each day , muslim refugees are raping white girls daily and our glorious civilization with its proud history is collapsing around us . 
  when will that happen , pray tell ? 
  so ... right-wing ultra nationalists it is ? 
  i do n't think you are extreme , like i kind of see what you are saying and i sort of agree . 
  the thing is , single mothers receiving welfare is good for the children . 
  if these single mothers were to suddenly receive no welfare , the kids would suffer . 
  i think we all agree on that . 
  single parenthood should be an option because imho its better to give welfare than force people to live together and raise kids . 
  if you want to see a sociopath , look at a person who grew up unwanted by parents who resented him or her . 
  much better to pay a tiny amount of tax instead of having these broken people in our societies . 
  curious to see how this topic will be buried . 
  if anyone else did this people would be screaming terrorism . 
  but now its `` concerned citizens '' who beat up whoever disagrees with them so nothing to see here . 
  move along . 
   it has to be actually life threatening and not simply inconveniencing . 
  20 + years of your life being fundamentally altered is not `` simply inconveniencing '' my friend . 
  it is a decision that changes literally everything . 
  so at least let us use correct terminology when discussing these issues . 
   in the interest of preserving the nation and its culture , as well as cultural and scientific advancement , both right-wing and left-wing voices must be heard and neither must be silenced . 
  let me stop you here . 
  the progressives do not share your culture . 
  they do not share your values . 
  i do n't know how i can make this clearer . 
  it is extremely simple : they do n't share your worldview . 
  so when you boldly proclaim that refugees are unwelcome because they do n't share your culture , that is literally saying that i am unwelcome . 
  there is no room for misinterpretation or misunderstanding . 
  it is what it is . 
  you will deny this but , sadly , it is an observable fact . 
  my country went through a civil war and a dictatorship because conservatives wanted to enforce their monoculture on literally everyone . 
  like the borg , they would not rest until everyone submitted to their collective identity . 
  so when i hear my own disgusting countrymen [ threatening to illegally occupy public property because they do n't want refugee children to go to schools ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/26/world/europe/greece-migrant-children-school.html ) ( segregated , mind you , it 's not that they would come in contact with the natives ) i get cagey . 
  why ? 
  because they said they deny education to refugee kids because they are not christian orthodox and have different values . 
  well so do i !, 
  should i be banned from using public services too ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with these people ? 
   and how is tribalism immoral ? 
  i 'd dare say that it is simple human nature . 
  it is also human nature to want to help others : empathy . 
  it is part of what makes us humans . 
  it actually predates our species , it is hardwired into our brains . 
  it is way more important than these arbitrary 19-century national identities that some politicians and priests created . 
  but i am not using it as an argument . 
  i would never tell you : help the refugees because it is human nature . 
  it is a shitty argument . 
  many things are in our human nature but we do n't give in to them because we are not animals . 
  well ... not all of us , at least . 
   i believe that all nations have a right to their own state , where their beliefs , their values come first . 
  they do n't have that right . 
  you do n't have a right to have a state with reflects your views and worldviews 100 % . 
  that is literally impossible . 
  it ca n't and wo n't happen . 
  we are too many and too different for the state to accommodate each and every of us . 
  your ideology is immoral because nationalism takes a minority of the inhabitants of the country and says : this is the only acceptable culture . 
  we will live only this way . 
  nothing else is allowed . 
  and the destruction begins , historically speaking . 
   it that so wrong though ? 
  i want my people , my nation , to always come first in our nation state , with minority groups coming second it is immoral , destructive and divisive . 
  why ? 
  because what you call `` your people '' is not your nation , but only the conservatives/right-wingers . 
  the non-conservatives might as well not exist , because all your arguments do n't concern them . 
  they do n't share your values or culture or traditions either . 
  and the refugees are just the pretense . 
  this is based on greek nationalists who say they love greece and care about their people but - as everyone else - their concern does not cross ideological or political lines . 
  it 's just shit . 
  greece has received 3 bailout loans and a 50 % debt haircut . 
  so please put down the world 's smallest violin on behalf of greece . 
  thanks for sharing .
