  did you ever think of that ? 
  maybe you should try and understand them instead of acting like they are all idiots ( and you guys are the only smart ones in the planet ) ? 
  i mean if people have very strong ( and irrational ) opinions that are not backed by observable reality , and they start shouting them everywhere without trying to discuss/learn something ... it is trolling . 
  i am sure they believe what they say too , but it 's still trolling , esp . 
  if you drown out everyone else by shouting insane opinions and i did n't talk about you personally , i hope you are not like this, 
  what 's so bad about it, 
  the cancer in our society are people who view politics this way * a politician did something i disagere with ? 
  omg what an insult !, 
  how dare they ? 
  they are obviously part of a shady conspiracy that hates me and my family . 
  quickly lets get angry as shit , blame innocent people and lets vote for the most insane populist party ... just to teach them a lessson !, 
  * we are witnessing the trollification of politics . 
  i hope its just a passing phase, 
  i like how you both continue to ignore warnings , dismissing any opinion that is n't blatantly pro-brexit there are significant and unprecedented problems to be faced . 
  this is true whether you voted remain or leave . 
  it is an objective reality and , as i said , it is a very difficult case . 
  just shouting `` rule britannia ! '', 
  wo n't cut it i am afraid, 
   does anyone needs more than this to live ? 
  well you kind of need money, 
  pensioners do n't really riot . 
  also middle aged `` concerned citizens '' do n't riot either , they express their anger in different ways ( we have a lot of them in greece so i know ) for better or for worse it 's only the youth that can be bothered to take to the streets . 
  if your government ignores the referendum , there wo n't be rioting , because the people who angrily demand a brexit do n't riot . 
  they will lash out in different ways like [ targeting any immigrant they can find ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/brexit-hate-crime-racism-immigration-eu-referendum-result-what-it-means-eurospectic-areas-a7165056.html ) , increase their online trolling/hate speech until they get arrested ( which will just fuel their trolling even more ) and also vote for the ukip or whatever populist angry party pops up . 
  also , if you actually voted remain ( and are not one of those who simply say they voted remain to avoid a backlash ) you should respect your own political substance as a person . 
  just because the other side got 2 % more votes does not mean you lose all rights and must submit unquestionably to mob rule . 
  consider this : would they respect your remain vote if you had won with 52 % ? 
  would they accept your mandate ? 
  we already know the answer : no . 
   i ( not british ) supported the outcome why ? 
  let me guess , to stick it to the brussels oligarchic multiculturalist progressive elite ? 
  well i mean you can just assume than every muslim and/or refuege is a terrorist . 
  that should make you feel better ( and do n't worry about being called a racist , nobody does that anymore ), 
  you mean something factual like `` eu folks expecting the brexit to happen overnight '' ? 
  is that a unanimous statement made by the populace of 26 countries ? 
  it 's not is n't it ? 
  could it be a little bit more complex that your trollish arguments , i wonder ? 
  what happened was that you consciously decided to damage our ( the eu 's ) economies and relationships , something that affects literally millions of people in more ways that you can imagine . 
  why ? 
  because `` hurrr durrr immigrants stealing our jerbs and raping ur wymin '' . 
  and your response to this is a disrespectful , sarcastic and rude `` oh well the eu folks are salty '' . 
  the concept that people actually like the eu and do n't want it destroyed ibecause `` hurr durr sovereignty '' not only flies over your head but you refuse to extend even the simplest human respect to people who do n't share your nationalistic ideology . 
  we 're done here . 
  i save these messages for when brexit * actually * occurs , suffice to say that you are digging your own grave . 
  you can always vote for ukip but dont let that get in the way of your victim-narrative, 
   ok , you 're basically creating a different argument to the one i was originally presenting . 
  you 're obviously just an angry lefty who wants to push his agenda of a european federation , which so far has worked out great !, 
  i know , how dare i have different views than yours ? 
   also this just shows a lack of understanding , i know democracy means than you do n't get your way all the time . 
  fact is the majority of the uk want to leave the eu and our government should respect that and make it happen . 
  the whole world does n't need to cater to it but our government does . 
  yeah i know you want them to respect that but i 'm just saying they are not legally bound to do so . 
  that is a fact , whether you like it or not , so do n't get your jimmies too rustled . 
   well if nobody was going to listen to the result why bother having a referendum then ? 
  why are you asking me ? 
  it 's your own proudly sovereign and independent parliament that made up those rules . 
  not me . 
  rule britannia !, 
   i 'm not encouraging this behaviour i 'm just saying it will happen , also politicians ignoring the result is extremely anti democratic behaviour and is worrying . 
  also their is no ideology here whether you want to stay or leave the eu people have their reasons . 
  yeah many things `` will happen '' just like the refugee crisis which spiraled out of control because every proudly sovereign country wanted to give the middle finger to brussels and we were left without a collective plan . 
  so as you can see many things `` just happen '' but people accept some as inevitable based on their personal biases . 
  once again , it 's not a legally binding referendum . 
  democracy does not mean you get your way 100 % of the times . 
  you voted in a referendum and you expect the whole planet to cater to your personal desires ? 
  you can always vote ukip or whatever else will be the angry populist party at 2020 . 
   it 's laughable really to see eu folk getting so upset what 's even more laughable is seeing a country get so upset about `` millions of refugees who invaded our proud motherland to rape our women '' when your own government promised to take in a mere 20,000 and actually took in ~ 5,000 . 
  i am sorry man but you guys are so butthurt about the filthy foreigners stealing your jobs ( while having 5,4 % unemployment , weird is n't it ? ), 
  that you shot yourselves in the foot to teach us a lesson . 
  did n't work out did it ? 
  and , by all means , take your time . 
  take 10 years if you want to . 
  or even 20 . 
  that will show you how sovereign countries * actually * operate , with the collective response of the eu teaching you a nasty yet necessary lesson . 
  for people ranting and raving about `` sovereignity '' , it 's amazing how you fail to understand that other countries are `` sovereign '' as well and tend to look after their own interests as well . 
  did your decades of hysterical anti-eu propaganda leave you with the impression that no other country cares about defending its interests ? 
  seem like it . 
  well then , you are about to learn a tough life lesson . 
  you seem awfully happy about this . 
  let me guess : you are happy that the proud patrionic nationalistic `` concerned citizens '' of the uk stuck it to them filthy eu bureaucrats . 
  all these progressive internationalist cultural marxists who want to import musilms to rape our white daughters ( and thess destroy europe 's proud demographics ) just got their ass handed to them . 
  rule britannia !, 
  right ? 
  the referendum is not legally binding . 
  i like how you guys excuse ( or even encourage ) anti-democractic behavior just because it suits your ideology . 
  if it 's any other group ( than white nationalists ) rioting then i bet your views would do a 180 and demand the police arrest these criminal scum . 
  that is a problem in educating people about contraception . 
  not abortion itself . 
  you wo n't ban it because a small % of people misuse or abuse it . 
  that would be like banning painkillers because people overdose on them . 
  i did n't call you any names . 
  i do n't know what you mean `` belittling their fears '' . 
  if you are scared of terrorists and think you need to get guns and hunt them down , you are part of the problem , not the solution . 
  also i do n't care if you find my opinion offensive , i stick to it . 
  well sure but unless the process of arming yourself is very strict , like you have to be properly evaluated and trained etc. 
  using a gun to protect yourself in your home is one thing ( though that still has many problems ) but encouraging people to hunt down terrorists is another . 
  it 's just conservative people who are smart enough to see past religion but they still have parts of that morality deeply ingrained in their minds . 
   i am talking about abortion used as contraception mean . 
  who is doing that ? 
  no intelligent person would ever recommend using abortion as birth control .
