  it 's similar social engineering to what plato wanted to do in his republic . 
  not quite . 
  as a simplification , yes , marx thought that the philosophy of his time had limitations . 
  he tried to make it more practical . 
  this is exactly why he was not an idealist . 
  you ca n't be a historical materialist and an idealist . 
  it just do n't make sense . 
  i 've heard similar things from only one group of people : libertarians . 
  your mention of plato 's republic , for example . 
  that whole line of reasoning is sadly wrong . 
   that does n't affect the fact of whether or not was marxism an utopia . 
  marxism is analysis . 
  an analytical system is hardly utopian . 
  even if you only focus on the the prescriptive part of it , it is still quite rational and scientific - to the extend that sociology and economics can be scientific . 
   so marxism goes against basic human condition , which is unrealistic and makes his theory an utopia . 
  this is a misunderstanding of marxism . 
  marx was not against possession , or rather property , per se . 
  he crisized the capitalist mode of private property . 
  and private property became a dominant feature of human societies the past few hundred years , so its pretty bold to call it a `` basic human condition '' . 
   do n't get me wrong i respect marx , and i do n't mix marxism with leninism as most people do . 
  most people ? 
  this is interesting . 
  where i come from , yeah those things are mixed . 
  i personally agree . 
  but in many parts of the west , trotskyism has taken a shitty hold and most of the people i meet tend to dismiss marxism-leninism as a deviation ( which as i said i think its wrong ) . 
  is it the same in poland ? 
  how popular are the trotskyists ? 
  this is a more interesting discussion , 
   for marx it was unifying all people under singular , utopian reign , which comes out from the fact that he was naive materialist and realist . 
  where do you get this from ? 
  there is nothing utopian . 
  this sounds like libertardian nonsense . 
   this is well seen in a quote from him , where he states that philosohpers are people who aim at changing the world . 
  it seems that you do n't know the exact quote or have not understood it . 
  it is the exact opposite of what you suggest . 
  he wrote :  the philosophers have only interpreted the world , in various ways . 
  the point , however , is to change it . 
  this is generally understood as marx 's statement of intent to move away from abstract philosophy to a rational , historical examination of society . 
  this is why marx claims that his word was , essentially , scientific . 
   so , marxism is basically heglism meets naive socialism and materialism . 
  i guess so ? 
  you could say that . 
  without the `` naive '' part , which is low , i mean come on man , he was the first dude to tackle these problems . 
  calling him naive is hindsight 20/20 . 
  but the point remains that farage acts like a typical idealist , the very opposite of a marxist . 
  he does n't care much about logic , thinks in abstract ideals , and ultimaltey is ahistorical since he refuses to understand the uk 's position as one of necessary evolution to a changing globalist world . 
  he only cares about ideas . 
  feta re mounia, 
  ah , the eu is also to blame for nationalism now . 
  the glorious greek left , in all its wisdom , decided to align itself with the worst reactionary scum all around the continent . 
  but if they could look outside their village ( mental or physical ) , they would see that it 's not the oppressed proletariat who is rising against the eu , but is a fight led by every forgotten `` nationalist '' who came out of the closet . 
  is is genuine idiocy or greek internal politics ? 
  same difference . 
   and bulgarian feta downvoted for this, 
  feta , feta and also some feta . 
  sure , but the problem is that many times their demands are unreasonable . 
  yeah lets end the eu because some unskilled chav does not like seeing poles around him ... not . 
  quite the opposite , since marx `` turned hegel on his head '' , having a completely opposite philosophy from hegel . 
  that 's actually because being an american is not the same as being a brit . 
  if the poles want to integrate in the usa , respect the laws , pull their own weight , etc , they will be welcomed . 
  but in the uk it seems that even if do everything right , you will still have your house burnt down because you do n't have the * proper * ethnic background . 
   i mean it 's known everywhere else that their downfall was caused by their own corrupt and incapable government . 
  the eu simply jumped in and saved their and europe 's backsides from the total collapse as good as they could and in return imposed policies and changes on greece to make them get back on their feet ( and to get the money back ) . 
  pretty much this . 
  we fucked up our own country and our future . 
  austerity was an attempt to save us but it did n't exactly work out ( duh ) . 
  it 's like shooting yourself in the foot because you are a fucking moron , then the doctor tries to save you and fucks up the operation causing more harm . 
  greek people hate the eu now because its the low hanging fruit . 
  they hate it for the same reason farage hates it : it 's just politically convenient . 
   i 'm salty ?? 
  lol way to prove my point mate . 
  go have a couple of more beers, 
   one of the big misconceptions i 've seen repeated is that `` without the eu , the uk will struggle to make trade agreements . '', 
  i 'd rather take the opinion of experts over the opinion of angry populists . 
  i 'll say one thing , the uk is not an empire anymore . 
  they are not as important as they think , which is something they will soon find out . 
  dude take it easy . 
  the world wo n't end . 
  in the long run , the uk can handle itself , as we all know . 
  does n't mean they wo n't get fucked now . 
  yes their world wo n't end but they will still end up less than what they were . 
  and reading your salty comments , it makes it even more pleasurable . 
  26 of the worlds most advanced countries decided to join the eu but a salt miner from australia says the eu is no good ? 
  oh no stop the fucking presses !, 
  disband the eu now because / u/nevl71 said so !, 
  these damn ancient stones are just getting in the way of love, 
  if you have to argue for your right to be included . 
  as long as you are not doing something illegal or immoral , i mean . 
  we 'll find out soon enough, 
  they are fucked . 
  at least according to my limited understanding , so please correct me if i am wrong . 
  how on earth will the uk 's economy handle this ? 
  there does n't seem to be a way to control the damage now . 
   mixing with other races/nationalities should always be voluntary . 
  it is voluntary . 
  demonstrably so . 
  anyone thinking otherwise is , to quote you , `` dumb as fuck '' . 
   i forget the stupid bitches name is , but it was this american cunt who thinks shes black . 
  cropped yp a while back . 
  i see what you mean now .
