   i do n't think you or anyone has actually demonstrated the the ecsc is responsible for this peace we have enjoyed . 
  well i mean i do n't know how to prove that . 
  we 'd need a time machine and a lot of money and political influence to actually prove that . 
  like you , i am simply trying to draw parallels between situations . 
  you make a good point about american military bases but they would n't do jack shit unless there was full scale total war . 
   japan , sk , and china also killed a hell of a lot of each other during ww2 and they have n't had to form a union to prevent themselves from murdering each other good point . 
  like you , i mostly attribute it to the usa . 
  china is like the russia in our case . 
  as to why nk does not engage in warfare with japan ( as you correctly pointed out that they have been enemies for centuries ) it is because japan does not have the army to pull that shit anymore . 
  their constitution is not even theirs . 
  unlike the european states that actually have armies and are very sovereign ( despite what this sub claims ) . 
  and to prove my point , nk is engaged in low level warfare with sk , despite having nukes on their soil , despite having the backing of the usa . 
  how is that possible ?!, 
  well it is . 
  i would expect the same to happen ( low level warfare , small `` incidents '' , the occasional saber rattling , couple of dead here and there ) between european states . 
  yes , as you said , no full-scale war will happen again . 
  even if the eu was gone tomorrow , we 'd not have a world war , granted . 
  but we would see a lot of smaller conflicts and sour relations between our eternally antagonistic states . 
  the only thing that is different is the eu and the financial co-dependence between its member states ( also the freedom of movement ? ), 
  that actually brings countries together . 
  just imagine nk and sk having some sort of industry together , like the ecsc . 
  within a generation i would expect their relationships to improve . 
  and i know its just speculation but its all we have . 
  ( btw i did n't downvote you ), 
   it was solved , so they can claim victory . 
  really ? 
  source ? 
  it 's like you are stuck on repeat . 
  i promise you i could build an army of bots that would be virtually indistinguishable than you guys . 
  i mean seriously . 
  i 'm not even joking or attacking you . 
  you just keep saying the same thing over and over `` just because < insert whatever  does not mean i am racist '' . 
  do you think we do n't get it ? 
  do you think you are the genius in this room and everyone else is a liberal moron ? 
  well then , funny as that would be , it is not the case man . 
  you wo n't believe me , but it really is n't the case . 
  i do n't know how else to say this but ... 
  i also want * some * control over immigration . 
  everyone does . 
  the kind of insane hippies or nihilistic anarchists that * actually * want a borderless world are not discussing european politics in this sub . 
  they do n't hang out here . 
  i 've seen maybe one user that argued for no borders and he was downvoted to shit . 
  you are arguing against a massive strawman like a simpleton and i am afraid anything i say does n't get to you . 
  let me try this : rule britannia !, 
  ! 111 is that getting through ? 
   what solution ? 
  i never proposed any . 
  wtf are you guys on drugs ? 
   ** so yes , whatever harbour is open in the vicinity . 
   quota system is fucking joke , it will just attract more people when they know there is a chance to get to a country with nice welfare benefits . 
  the flow will be never-ending . 
  it 's a self destructing policy . 
  yeah sure . 
  lets just leave them all in greece right ? 
  turkey can just keep dumping them there , as they have been doing for many years now , until our country fully collapses . 
  i have another idea , maybe we can just hand out eastern europe to putin ? 
  i mean who gives a shit anyway . 
   obviously the thing that should be done is to stop the benefits to all migrants and make it so that it 's not worth to come for the free money , but it 's not feasible because of different laws etc. 
  it is depressing that so man people think they have figured this shit out . 
  yes , there is an obvious solution and literally every politician and diplomat failed to find it but * you * figured it out . 
  there is a reason why this issue is the issue of our times : it is fucking complicated . 
  there is no easy solution . 
  there probably is n't a solution at all , for the time being . 
  but yeah lets just stop giving them money , because that is why they started a civil war , just to get that sweet german dole / s, 
   but that is literally true . 
  dude i fucking know its literally true you think i do n't know that ? 
  i am saying that no one is calling people racists because `` they love their country '' . 
  nobody gives a fuck about love . 
  what kind of retarded context is this , a pop song or politics ? 
  i am saying that the `` i am not racist because i love my country '' is an excuse to derail the conversation . 
  literally no-one has accused anyone of racism because he just `` loved his country '' . 
  it is the most idiotic thing ever, 
   many countries actually opened their arms for the refugees and the refugees said no . 
  they all want to go to germany . 
  `` opening their arms '' is quite the stretch considering that our proud nations failed to reach a solution . 
  completely failed . 
  its more `` they were stuck with the refugees and were forced to not let them die ''  they all want to go to germany . 
  the problem is that the eu is spineless and not forceful enough . 
  yeah but the eu is n't a government . 
  each and every action depends on the will of the european sovereign states . 
  and they did not want to solve the problem . 
  they could , but they did n't want to . 
  so blaming germany now is kind of cheap si n't it ? 
   that is exactly what calling everyone who disagrees with you a racist does . 
  this does n't happen . 
  claiming it does strengthens the far right because they can now get away with it  i am against that , i am for calling only those racists who are racists me too . 
  but i am not going to do it . 
  try calling out someone as a racist , like for example the people who called to deport all ( literally all , like 100 % ) of the european muslims just count the downvotes and people screaming omg just because they love their country does not mean they are racist, 
  it is depressing i do n't understand why so many americans hate the eu and are so strongly against muslim refugees ? 
  i mean lets assume i think its `` wrong '' for mexicans to go to the usa , but why would i get so worked up about it ? 
  posting so angrily in forums about a complicated issue in another continent , one i know little about ? 
  i do n't get it anyway do you think this reflects the views of your general population or is it just online trolls ? 
   how the fuck do you get to this conclusion ? 
  by painting all accusations of racism as invalid . 
  with this shitposting you are making it impossible to rationally examine any racism , since its immediately discarded as merely `` leftists being stupid ''  and that means everyone who really just is concerned secretly stabs migrants ? 
  i am also concerned , for many reasons . 
  why did n't anyone mistake me for a far-right winger ? 
   actually it 's not , it 's the other way round , they just call everyone a liberal , no matter if they are just a classical liberal who values the rights of individuals ( which somehow is now often called right wing ) or full blown communists and social justice warriors newsflash : all sides talk shit to each other . 
  people mistakenly calling others `` racist '' is very polite and mild . 
  you wo n't believe the shit i 've been given because i am an atheist or because i do n't immediately hate all foreigners  but that 's maybe different in greece i doubt it , since i hear literally the exact same arguments from the right wingers in greece .
