  most of them would agree with you , we should keep taking eu 's money and - at the same time - blame them for everything . 
  despite the decisions of our democratically elected governments , we need to keep blaming the eu/germans . 
  but who cares about democratic elections when the result is not of our liking ? 
  i think its a bad comparison and not because of the hyperbole . 
  even if germany stole everything in greece , it would n't amount to much . 
  germany has ~ 15 times the gdp of greece . 
  greece 's gdp is like 2 % of eu . 
  plus its a huge risk with massive political fallout that is n't worth the small reward . 
  i think its obvious that everyone benefits if everyone else is doing good . 
  nobody benefits from a poor , unstable country constantly causing political trouble and demanding money . 
  its a drag on everyone . 
  the view that we are all natural enemies and its in our best interest to rob and kill one another is pure ideology ( usually right wing and/or libertarian ) and imho has nothing to do with reality . 
  its not obviously absurd . 
  i 'd bet that the vast majority of greek people , left and right , feel exactly this way . 
  germany is allegedly evil , nobody wanted solidarity with them yet know we are complaining that it 's lacking ?!, 
  wtf . 
  its also absurd to think that germany has something to gain from greece collapsing . 
  its just weird . 
  its in everyone 's best interest for greece to have a decent economy . 
  but i am pretty sure that even if we had a decent economy , we still would not be able to handle the refugees in any civilized fashion . 
  its just a terrible , failed , corrupt and dysfunctional state - and the greek people consciously made it exactly that way . 
  you make it sound as if germany is the only country not having a bad time . 
  i think there is a middle ground where you do n't have to be the best at everything at still be able to live with dignity , as a country . 
  in any case , greeks willingly entered the eu . 
  they even lied and cheated in order to do so . 
  its literally insane to blame the germans about it now , yet pretty much everyone does . 
  i do n't think the eu wants to cannibalize us . 
  destroying greece is in nobody 's best interest . 
  i do n't understand why we ( i 've done it too ) attribute an irrational hatred to others , as if the germans have nothing better to do than plot out destruction . 
  i am happy that we agree on everything else and i take back my disappointment . 
  i did n't mean to sound offensive or angry . 
  as a fellow greek , your post is disappointing . 
  i totally understand and respect your anger ( since i share part of it ) but to blame others is making the problem worse . 
  it would be nice if greek people accepted responsibility for once . 
  we just like inventing spacegoats for all our problems : once it was the turks , then the communists , then the americans , now the germans , in 5 years it will be someone else . 
  lets face it , the greek economy sucks . 
  the crisis hit and we unraveled as a nation . 
  almost disintegrated . 
  strong nations do n't do that . 
  people here seem sympathetic to greece , which is baffling . 
  this is the same country that lied in order to enter the eu , took hundreds of billions of euros of debt , and then went bankrupt . 
  did anyone honestly expect greece to properly handle a refugee influx ? 
  does anyone think that greece is capable of handling _ anything _ at this point ? 
  i do n't think anyone thinks that . 
  its just that people say anything in order to `` stand up '' to germany . 
  greece ( and some posters here ) complain about lack of eu solidarity . 
  yet it was greece that spat in the face of eu time after time ... has everyone forgotten that greece has received massive funding and also has frontex to help secure said borders ? 
  really people not * everything * in the world is germany 's fault . 
  i am scared because people think that right wingers , far or not , are incapable of being violent or destructive . 
  somehow all must be blamed upon the left and/or the muslims . 
  right wingers , even the nazis , are somehow incapable of violence or even racism for that matter . 
  this does not bode well ... 
  hey are allowed to `` speak their piece '' in any case . 
  or lets pretend that their freedom of speech is being violated ? 
  i would n't be surprised if they ended up beings the victims here . 
  newsflash : you are allowed to not want to engage with someone you disagree with . 
  its ok . you should n't be forced to sit a table with someone you do n't want to debate with . 
  the fact that i even have to say this is scary tbh . 
  correct me if i am wrong but is n't it illegal to incite hatred and violence against a group of people ? 
  or is everything that someone disagrees with now labelled `` political correctness '' ? 
  this is / r/europe . 
  i am simply extending the same courtesy that they are showing to the left . 
  its not like they want to hear anything the left has to say , ever . 
  its an obvious double standard . 
  right , we need 99.73 % agreement with the right wing party , just like back in the good days . 
  otherwise there is foul play and the leftists must be made to pay for it . 
  am i right or what . 
  ah , a thread without whataboutism ? 
  it was n't possible, 
  facebook serves nazis . 
  it is not illegal to use facebook if you are a nazi . 
  their objection is with nazi symbolism , like if you put nazi pictures in your profile etc. 
  it is the exact opposite with your case , when people were denied service because of what they are , not how they behaved . 
  but you ca n't really see the difference , because identity politics is cancer . 
   i think america 's deranged swj 's might have also tipped the election . 
  yeah , i told you we 've heard this already , but i am not buying it . 
  people were called racist online and they voted on that basis ? 
  yeah no i know people are dumb but not that dumb . 
  let 's encourage climate change because someone called us racists ? 
   2 ) my point was that it was n't the economy , you seem to agree ? 
  you just argued my point . 
  people are mad and blame the weak , in this case , the refugees . 
  or foreigners . 
  this is quite standard behavior and happens in every crisis . 
  america 's unemployment rate , under barrack obama , has been steadily dropping to a pretty low 4.9 % . 
  so that narrative does not hold . 
  also , muslim youths are not harassing people in america ? 
  was that the reason they voted trump ? 
  it 's a rhetorical question , no need to answer . 
  we 've already read the copypasta a hundred times . 
  yeah but they receive a different kind of training . 
  they are not training in a gym with mats for an hour per day - they are turned into religious fanatics . 
   2ndly if `` nazis '' wanted to exterminate the `` jews '' in germany , trust me they would have done so masterfully ( german engineering brah ) . 
  and  3rdly ask yourself why the jews have been kicked ( not killed , although sometimes it happened ) out of one hundred and nine ( 109 ) nations in their entire history . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  please tell me you are a troll ? 
   when they are chilling in a bar , shopping for food , sleeping and so on dude they are not training them to be assassins lol . 
  what do you think these are female polish ninjas ? 
   if you 're someone who has been ignoring the real problems underneath , it seems `` bold '' when in reality it 's common sense . 
  the comment was about racial crime * increasing * , not racial crime * existing * .
