  only a sheltered , first world middle class person would not realise this . 
  you are correct , even in your mediocre attempt at sarcasm . 
  if enough time passes , grievances can be ignored . 
  which is why your arguments are feeding the israeli stance : they just need to occupy them long enough , until people accept is as `` normal '' . 
  so i guess the jews thank you for their inspiration . 
  they can just keep oppressing them until people eventually get bored . 
  how much will it take ? 
  a century ? 
  two ? 
  maybe less . 
  thanks !, 
   you will always attract trolls while you are on the internet so it 's just better to learn not to get triggered by someone 's different views a troll is n't someone with different views . 
  i guarantee you that i agree with most of the * actual * political views that these trolls have . 
  but its not about views or opinions . 
  a troll is someone who trolls i.e. 
  writes aggravating and toxic comments on the boundaries on moderation , in order to destroy the discussion . 
  i thought the difference between arguing and trolling was quite clear , since we 've all been at this internet thing for decades now . 
  but if you like , i can provide examples . 
  most common is people shitposting/whining about the liberal politically correct brigade labelling them `` racists '' . 
  nobody is calling anyone a `` racist '' . 
  look at the comments , its not happening . 
  so i do n't get it . 
  and when i ask how and when this happens ( so that i can report those pesky liberals ) i receive more insults and anger as a response . 
  i want to discuss immigration and not be harangued 24/7 about how horrible the pc liberals are with their anti-white traitorous stance calling everyone a `` racist '' , because hardly anyone calls anyone a `` racist '' . 
  i 've not called anyone a racist . 
  who is doing it ? 
  i 've asked for proof , only to receive insults . 
  and i do n't see this liberal pc brigade anywhere , because if i did , i 'd downvote and report the shit out of them . 
  but its not happening . 
  so i conclude that this is shitposting specifically designed to drive reasonable people away ( left or right , its not about politics really ) . 
  is their mission accomplished ? 
  probably . 
  it 's sad but i do n't know what to do . 
  people enjoy humiliating and demoralizing others way more than they do discussing and arguing . 
  they get off doing this . 
  its our nature , i guess . 
   in this regard , far from a special snowflake you are painfully boring . 
  i am not here to entertain you . 
  i do n't know where you got that idea . 
  its not my job to keep you amused nor is it my intention to be exciting . 
  are you an adult ? 
  honest question . 
  does n't matter though . 
  if you * actually * found me boring you would just ignore me and move on with your posting , instead of complaining about how i chose to express myself . 
  i hope you that you will move on now . 
  edit : clarification . 
   is it that difficult for people to understand it may piss you off if someone decides ( without the people consensus ) your land is now part of another country really different from yours ? 
  except the jews right ? 
  people can take their homeland , so what , fuck those greedy bastards right ? 
  i forgot . 
  that was so long ago , long enough so that the jews are not allowed to be pissed anymore . 
  those arbitrary timeframes are so convenient ... lets just hope the same thing happens to the palestinians , after some centuries of jewish occupation , we 'll get to say `` lol sorry too much time has passed , its not your land anymore , do n't be mad bro !, 
   first off , israel & palestine are both children of colonialism 's legacy . 
  lol the first thing europeans & european states should be reminded of when looking at both is the mess they left , not which side to root for . 
  not really . 
  the ottoman empire was defeated and the british ( among others ) were left to decide the fate of the region . 
  the short version , i believe , is that they tried to return it to the rightful owners : arabs and jews . 
  did they fuck up ? 
  did they try to colonize that place ? 
  nope . 
   second off , america is basically the one who forced europe to de-colonize whether they liked it or not , this is kind of true , and indeed many leftists like to pretend it never happened . 
  not just leftists . 
  fdr basically owned churchill but people rarely talk about , instead focusing on churchill 's toughguy persona . 
   america also does n't owe it 's power to imperialism . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  we owe it to hegemony . 
  which we only achieved by deconstructing imperialism . 
  if it was n't this way , we 'd be living in a very different world right now . 
  lol strange reasoning . 
  you literally owe your existence to imperalism . 
  if the europeans had n't been such imperialistic bastards , you would have never existed even as a concept . 
  native americans would still be doing whatever it is they were doing pre-columbus ( tripping on mushrooms ? 
  mass sacrifices of people to please the sun ? ) . 
   america also does n't owe it 's power to imperialism . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  we owe it to hegemony . 
  i thought you owed it to freedom ( c ) . 
  but seriously , its easy to talk tough when you have few neighbors who can harm you and a carte blance to genocide the natives . 
  i imagine if greece exterminated everyone in the balkans , and also if turkey did not exist , we 'd be talking tough about our `` hegemony '' as well . 
  he said they are not strong enough , so it would be stupid for them to call for your destruction . 
  there would be no sense in doing that . 
  but do you think they are happy with the current state of affairs ? 
  honest question . 
  palestinians , on the other hand , feel they have a chance at hurting israel . 
  that and religious martyrdom . 
  as far as i know , native american 's do n't share the concept of explosively killing innocents via suicide . 
  if they did , i imagine it would be a very different usa . 
  you mean the ** ottoman empire 's ** soil ? 
  the modern greek state is created on that soil too . 
  so i wonder what exactly it is you are implying here . 
  i do n't know if you 've ever read/watched the news since 1948 but israel is generally taken very seriously . 
   you 're not helping , you are part of the problem . 
  considering i am in an extreme minority in both political views and attitude , that ca n't be logically true . 
  of course you will immediately respond by saying : * no , there are many like you * . 
  i wish there were man . 
  i really do . 
  it sucks being in an extreme minority . 
  but do n't take my word for it - lets see the downvotes rolling in , so that you will see my point being proven . 
  here is what is happening : you are upset by my negativity and felt the need to put me down . 
  you are greek , after all .
