  how the fuck would they be dismissing the problem if they are catching the terrorists ? 
  catching terrorists is pretty much the opposite to dismissing them . 
  it 's like / r/europe is becoming more orwellian day by day . 
  i hope we do n't end up like the_dumpster , but it seems we are heading that way . 
   then why was merkel 's refugee policy the mostly hotly debated issue in german politics for almost two years now ? 
  do n't bother . 
  they love being victimized . 
  half the comments in any refugee discussion are people weeping and wailing about been called `` nazis '' , despite nobody calling them that . 
  true but that 's not much better as an argument . 
  you need to not only show how `` far more likely '' it is , but also explain how the trashing the un 1951 refugee convention will help . 
   but i think forming an opinion on the best information i have available is generally a good idea . 
  did you just come out of a coma ? 
  did 2016 just pass you by ? 
  forming opinions based on good information is not a good idea . 
  when it comes to politics , it can be a self-destructive strategy . 
  at least that is what we see happening, 
  you ca n't be serious , are you ? 
  sometimes i am not sure if i am being trolled . 
  this usually happens when discussing the refugee crisis, 
   first thing would be to stop importing muslims . 
  how ? 
   2nd would be building some large camps that all eu members pay a amount to keep them running and then put all refugees there . 
  sure , if you can get the eu to cooperate . 
  good luck getting all the proud `` concerned citizens '' and `` skeptics of immigration '' to agree to hand out money . 
  i mean , you know that nobody would agree to this . 
   3rd would be to stop sending back migrants convicted of crimes i generally agree but how many are they ? 
  i mean , would their numbers noticeably decrease ? 
   i have a whole lot of other things i personally would do . 
  but the first thing : no more muslims . 
  we have enough . 
  easy to say , but explaining he how is more difficult . 
  i am curious , though . 
  how do you define `` enough '' ? 
  like which number is that and how do you define it ? 
  dude , you are embarrassing yourself . 
  you tried to make a `` smart '' comment by crying about german censorship yet when called to back your claims up , you failed . 
  you can either continue embarrassing yourself or quietly drop out of the conversation . 
  i would recommend the latter , but the former is more entertaining . 
   even farage who is probably the most hardliners said all eu citizens already here would be able to stay right . 
  because , as we all know , farage has a lot of credibility . 
  i see . 
  that is still a better answer than what the previous dude said , which was to stop refugees by building a wall over ( ? ), 
  the aegean sea . 
  i 'd much rather have tournaments than that . 
  so your solution to prevent self-destruction is to self-destruct, 
  that is a waste of a kingship . 
  you can already do 2 of those 3 things today without being a king, 
   how exactly did things work out when the indigenous tribes of north america decided to not worry too much about the 300 settlers of jamestown ? 
  they did n't worry ? 
  i think they worried . 
  but they could n't fight the diseases so they died . 
  i see this argument often , usually voiced by americans . 
  if you think that argument holds any weight , you are obliged to disavow your citizenship and leave the usa immediately . 
  unless you are a native american , that is . 
  in any case , no one argues that non-native americans should abandon the usa . 
   35 years later , just a generation , rome was burned to the ground by a savage army of goths and other brutish illiterate barbarians . 
  the leader of the attack was alaric i , who personally murdered thousands of roman citizens . 
  historians believe that alaric had been a child among the gothic refugees at the danube incident , 35 years earlier . 
  you conveniently omitted parts of that story to promote your narrative . 
  at the time , there was no one left to guard the balkans . 
  yet they were confronted with a sizable ( and desperate ) fighting force . 
  they tried the standard roman practice of allowing barbarians to settle in order to recruit them as troops , since it was the only thing they could do . 
  due to food shortages , that practice backfired and the romans desperately tried to fight them off . 
  after a lot of fighting , theodosius i negotiated peace in 382 . 
  this is what actually happened and unfortunately this reduces your narrative to modern-day political propaganda . 
  also , you realize that these goths were christians , right ? 
   history is filled with many other examples . 
  not really . 
  history has a lot of examples were accepting refugees was the just and moral thing to do . 
  you bring one example , misconstrue it , and use it as an argument . 
  what about the other times rome was sacked and refugees were not ( allegedly ) involved ? 
  what about the sacking of constantinople that actually destroyed the empire in 1204 , a destruction perpetrated by their christian european brothers ? 
   in each case the victims could have made exactly the same points that you are making about the muslims . 
  there are n't that many of them . 
  ( for now ) they are innocent refugees fleeing conflict . 
  they do n't have any military strength . 
  yes , except they would n't and did n't make these points . 
   your post is optimistic . 
  stupid , ignorant , and optimistic . 
  nonetheless i hope you are right . 
  well that is great but maybe instead of labeling opinions you disagree with as stupid , you can tell us how rome should have handled its crisis and also how europe should handle its own crisis now . 
  right . 
  let 's unravel the eu then because of some refugees . 
  that way , we wo n't self-destruct / s, 
  well maybe not immediately after the referendum , but the groundwork needs to be put in place . 
  i did not say all people who voted leave are nationalists . 
  i just said that it worked for nationalists . 
  that is true . 
  being disrespectful towards the majority and ignoring facts works wonders . 
  we should learn from them . 
   but the risk is that they are perceived to be undermining democracy and ignoring the will of the people . 
  it worked for the nationalists . 
   the trouble for them is that they argued that leaving would cause a recession , job losses , interest rate rises , an immediate recession , lower consumer confidence etc etc. 
  they are being proved wrong in every respect . 
  that is ok , because we are living in a post-fact world . 
  they should keep moving the goalposts . 
  no recession ? 
  * well we did n't technically mean recession , and we meant it would happen in the near future and not right away * . 
  shit like that . 
  as many post-modernists argued , perception is reality .
