  you are not caring for someone if you force him or her to continue existing while feeling a burden . 
  i mean if you care , try to convince them otherwise . 
  but if you ca n't convince them , why prolong their misery ? 
   others , without being able to think clearly , might also want to make this decision the doctors already take this into account . 
   since western politicans are too afraid to admit they were wrong in syrian policy . 
  no they are not . 
  [ merkel admitting that she made mistakes ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-iduskcn1152iu ) was reported on . 
  your `` critical '' attitude towards politicians becomes meaningless if you do n't bother to read what they are saying . 
   as long as the eu is taking our money it 's our bitch . 
  this is hillariously hypocritical considering your entire brexit propaganda was the exact opposite : that you ( the proud brits ) are the bitches of the eu and have no say in it , therefore you leave . 
  now that you decided to leave , you suddenly realized that you have great influence . 
  now it 's the other way around : we are your bitch and you are the proud and strong and independent nation . 
  you guys are just so comically bad at this . 
  so transparent . 
  fear sells . 
  also the populists ca n't get votes if the population is not scared shitless , so many right-wingers have a vested interest to generate as much fear as possible . 
  still doubt it because it does n't add up . 
  western society is by far the most populous ( not to mention successful ) so your theory does not make sense . 
  also the roman empire did not fall to the germans , you should know that , you of all people . 
  it was n't a quote , it would be how i would sound like if i made excuses too . 
  you should definitely critisize greece for allowing golden dawn to reach such horrific numbers . 
  a neo-nazi party is the 3rd largest political force in my country . 
  so whatever you have to say about that i will just accept it in shame . 
  unlike you i 'm not gon na start making fucking excuses * but but but neo-nazis exist everywhere and its not a big deal * etc. 
  well it 's the typical `` oh these incidents happen all the time '' response , trying to downplay these attacks . 
  i mean i read his whole reply but as it turns out , i did n't have to , i was spot on . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  it ca n't be a racist attack because `` polish '' is not a race . 
  am i right or what / r/europe ? 
  no , it 's not said when it comes to muslims . 
  you 'll never catch / u/0xe85250d6 saying things like * well these mooslims were always like this , it 's just with the anti-refugee hysteria that the media is focused on them * . 
  no sir . 
  it 's only when his people do something fucked up , that the excuses start rolling out . 
   this is disgusting , no two ways about it . 
  ** but ... ** stopped reading there, 
  forcing people to breed is highly immoral . 
  like imagine people ca n't watch porn and will try to bang anyone just to get their urges satisfied . 
  some of these fucks will lead to ( possibly unwanted ) pregnancies . 
  and this is how a family should start ? 
  that is pathological . 
  many people will downvote you but i agree with what you said . 
  the europeans here ( when they are actual europeans and not american alt-right ` ers ) sometimes pretend to be very secular and progressive when judging others . 
  but when locals burn down refugee shelters , they suddenly become `` concerned citizens '' who are simply `` skeptical of immigration '' . 
  this is n't a `` tu quoque '' . 
  the criticism against erdogan might be valid but its also a tad hypocritical for people who support home-grown fascism to be the first to agree . 
  its pretty bad advice considering no one would expect it to lead to suicide . 
  i mean i do n't think anyone does anything that he or she expects it to lead to suicide ( unless it is actually suicide ), 
  you are wasting your time . 
  the only way to get / r/europe to give a shit about a woman is when they are assaulted by muslims . 
  that is the only time they are taken seriously . 
  can you imagine if mulims were the ones who did the bullying now ? 
  people would be talking how important feminism is . 
  i do n't think that is the problem . 
  it 's not like people do n't know how smartphones work or what they can do . 
  the education needs to tell people to not humiliate others when/if they saw them in a sexual moment . 
  just because you saw a sexual video of a co-worker does not mean you are allowed to bully him or her until they die . 
   but if it 's something that has the potential to make you commit suicide do n't fucking do it . . at all . 
  what kind of a dumb comment is this ? 
  as if she knew this would make her commit suicide ? 
  somebody filmed her and people ended up making t-shirts about it , i do n't think anyone would expect this :  the words `` you 're filming ? 
  bravo '' , spoken by her in the video , have become an online joke and the phrase has been printed on t-shirts , smart phone cases and other items . 
  i do n't know why . 
  direct democracy does not seem to be held in high regard , both among politicians and the population . 
   it 's nice though , that you have such faith in your government . 
  well i grew out of my `` anarchist '' phase . 
  i do n't think governments are inherently evil forces that seek to enslave , subjugate or destroy their own populations . 
  i think governments - and the state apparatus - are tools for building better societies . 
  think of them like moderators . 
  it would be impossible to get anything done in groups of tens ( or hundreds ) of millions of people . 
  however , it is always interesting that the same people who talk of mistrusting the government are the same people who blindly trust right-wing politicians as long as are anti-refugee and/or anti-eu . 
  i wish people were cynical in a more concise fashion except being only cynical when it comes to the people they disagree with . 
   offering brexit would n't get them enough votes . 
  you kind of answered your own question . 
   british citizens living in europe who have been overseas for more than 15 years were excluded , 2 million people . 
  i am sorry to hear that . 
  it speaks volumes on how your country treats its own citizens . 
  apparently if you dare to live alongside the continental scum , you lose your voting rights ? 
  if you can speak the language of the country you live in , there should be enough time for you to acquire a new nationality . 
  this brexit shit will drag on for many years . 
  then people weight how important brexit is versus the other issues they have , and vote accordingly . 
  it 's called making choices . 
  and being held responsible for them , of course . 
  again , this is the way things work in western democracies . 
  but the media is cancer and with the internet and all , things have not gotten better but arguably worse when it comes to `` public debate '' . 
  but greece has to suffer for that ? 
  her saying `` wir schaffen das '' did not create the syrian civil war nor its refugees . 
  the refugees ( and economic immigrants of course ) were already piling up in the outer eu countries . 
  her invitation did not create the mess , but was an urgent and admittedly clumsy response to it . 
  you can blame her all you want but please do n't forget to blame the people who actually put us in this situation to begin with , people like / u/kanariepietje who are so far away from the problem that they do n't see how devastating dublin ii is for greece . 
  europe pretended that refugees were not a problem until it was too late . 
  the refugee crisis did not start with `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  the proud patriots who `` love their country '' and are `` skeptical of immigration '' were happy to stick their head in the sand and let greece collapse under hundreds of thousands of desperate people . 
  what kind of insane question is that ? 
  since the majority of the population wants to leave the eu , then they will elect a government to do so . 
  it is pretty strange that i have to explain this considering this is how democracies have worked since like forever . 
   the democratic and political fallout from not going through with this would be massive farage himself said that [ the refendum should be repeated ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36306681 ) . 
  it was an advisory referendum anyway . 
  democracy always wins , one way or the other . 
  if the referendum does not trigger brexit , then a ukip government will . 
  i mean people will elect a ukip government if leaving the eu is what they truly want .
