  so the other poster did not even bother to support his accusation you respond with a totally irrelevant page and then you wonder why people dismiss you, 
  you should support nationalism if you think it makes sense , not because it is inevitable . 
  nothing is inevitable . 
  during human history , a lot of ideologies have risen and fallen . 
  many populists thought that fighting the eu was a good idea despite them being in a very unpopular minority . 
  should they have `` accepted change '' when it comes to globalism ? 
  they did n't , and neither should anyone opposing them give up . 
  you should always fight for what you think is right , whether its nationalism or socialism , regardless of which way the wind blows . 
  edit : syntax . 
  and have you ever seen politeness fix anything ? 
  or , being morally superior ? 
  people do n't change their views by dialogue . 
  the events of 2016 , coupled by the insight social media gives us into what people think , makes that clear . 
  there are extremely deep chasms dividing us that we either did n't see or we ignored . 
  but not anymore . 
  this is only going to get worse and there is nothing anyone can do about it . 
  like who ? 
  it is almost as if the actions of a minority do not represent the majority . 
  having said that , where were we ? 
  oh right , let 's deport all muslims because they are terrorists . 
   trump - `` white people should n't vote '' wat, 
  it blew your mind that if you follow a road , you end up where it leads ? 
  i mean , roads are sort of designed to work this way . 
  they would be pretty useless otherwise, 
  right , he did n't change anything , it was 4d chess amazing that adults think that `` america first '' is somehow a policy . 
  it is merely a slogan . 
  and a pretty indecent one , because it implies that others are somehow `` american second '' or at least not first but then again , obama was `` kenya first '' amirite ? 
   and history that does not really translate to being relevant, 
  and just look up what marxist-leninism means if you think syriza is anything close to that in fact , the communist party of greece ( which is actually marxist-leninist ) would like to have a word with you, 
  at least get your facts straight . 
  there are very few ml parties in europe , greece being the most notable exception and also czechia ( though i am not sure you can call their parties ml ) i understand you have a libertarian ideology but ml parties practically do n't exist . 
  ah , the joys of youthful optimism . 
  spend a couple of days talking to them and , unlike their virginity , your optimism will be quickly lost . 
  labor demand/supply is already determined by the market . 
  having a politician tell you which people are economically desirable , like draw up a list of `` good '' and `` bad '' professions , is the kind of centrally-planned economy that has historically failed, 
  dude , you just gave the most political non-answer ever . 
  what is missing , is a lengthy tear-jerking complaint about being called a racist and thus suffering a white genocide . 
  you keep repeating this in this thread . 
  do you maybe have a `` right way '' to go ? 
  oh is that the official narrative now ? 
  because during brexit , it was the exact opposite : young people are stupid and liberal , old folk are proud and wise . 
  but then again , this is the post-fact era , where every narrative is as valid as any other , and perception is reality . 
  he also said he 'd prosecute hillary but then he changed his mind . 
  that 's it . 
  very simple . 
  he has ? 
  by claiming that they steal the jobs of the proud english folk ? 
  a lot of angry people itt . 
  stay secular , / r/europe, 
   it 's you who is being authoritarian . 
  when did / r/europe become this authoritarian ? 
  when did / r/europe start reading only the titles instead of the whole articles ? 
  it says nothing like that . 
  i guess it is easier to cry about oppression . 
  you good points . 
  i mean , you are trying to argue against me but i kind of like your points . 
  what your questions demonstrate is our western hypocrisy towards religion . 
  many of us pretend to be secularist liberals that value human rights and critical thought yet we excuse christianity because * muh traditions * and * muh culture * . 
  yet , absolutely , the whole thing is a death cult that survives due to psychological pressure against children . 
  thought the question is not banning religion just as the proposed law does not ban anti-abortion views , it is more like banning dishonest views that are transmitted via `` psychological or moral '' pressure . 
  does religion qualify ? 
  well , if you are teaching this shit to kids without a very big disclaimer like `` listen , it says here that you will go to hell , but remember , this is religion , a man made construct by all historical accounts , there is absolutely no evidence to support any of this , other than the vapid claims of having so-called spiritual emotions '' . 
  in that case obviously it should be banned as well . 
  before you become outraged , please note that i have been consistent in placing truthfulness above freedom of speech . 
  i think that an honest and accurate representation of reality is far more important than the ramblings of ideologues , so i have no problem if they have their website banned ( and they can make a new one in 10 minutes ) . 
  so now we went from changing the siwss electoral system to ban swiss women from voting , to europe becoming 50 % muslim . 
  that is literally hundreds of millions of refugees . 
  literally the whole of aghanistan and pakistan could teleport to europe tomorrow and europe would n't be close to 50 % muslim do you understand why people dismiss you now ? 
  you make such ridiculous claims that it is impossible for anyone to take you seriously . 
  and then you get mad , whine , stomp your feet and complain that nobody takes you seriously . 
  well , how about being a little bit connected to reality ? 
  try that for once and see what happens, 
  i am sure it happens , but every time i question someone about it they say nothing . 
  please be the first to actually respond . 
  who called you a racist ? 
  well , it is going to be legally debatable soon enough . 
  so that should make you happy . 
  also , i am not into virtue signalling . 
  unlike you , i do n't know what causes each and every single woman to abort . 
  so i wo n't judge their circumstances and dismiss them as trivial , especially when it 's not me shouldering the burden . 
  much like you , i 'll be here just sitting at my computer , making posts , which are very easy . 
  he 's lucky he even has manly parts left . 
  most statues were not so fortunate . 
  you fought so hard , women were fully allowed to vote everywhere in switzerland in 1991 . what a long way you 've come my friend . 
  and i am sure the # 1 concern on the refugees ' mind is to change the swiss electoral system . 
  that is a very valid concern . 
  the refugees will come and change swiss law so that swiss women ca n't vote / s, 
   who despise women 's rights you mean like the right of women to vote ? 
  what is it with all these new trash/alt accounts spamming the same stuff ? 
  here is what whitelash00 has to say about racism :  racism only exists because governments like to force different races to live on the same land . 
  i think its time to make a new account again my friend . 
  this one is slowly wearing itself out . 
   i was called a racist you were ? 
  really ? 
   which is the single most important thing for a successful society . 
  without common values , everything else falls apart . 
  the same way americans share values ? 
  we saw your last election . 
   because it 's only a few months from being what we consider an actual human being that sounds like a great argument as to why it should n't have the same rights, 
  yeah , like the democrats in the usa who tried to bring national healthcare yet they painted obama as a communist , marxist , stalinist and trotskyist .
