  those things are boring . 
  we 've been hearing that shit for decades . 
  but crafting a narrative where islam is attacking christianity and we got a `` clash of civilizations '' thing going on ... that 's exciting . 
  it draws votes . 
  well , we live in an era were geopolitics is decided by people getting mad for being called `` racist '' online . 
  well , we live in an era were geopolitics is decided by people getting mad for being called `` racist '' online . 
  also further evidence the brexit side was lying , since your economy is doing great . 
  all this talk about globalization destroying the lives of poor proud rural folk was bullshit . 
  merely propaganda to solicit votes . 
  in other news , diarrhea is wet, 
  wait . 
  what about the immigrants stealing the jobs of the proud english folk ? 
  do you realize the silliness of guys demanding explanations from other guys on womyn 's issues . 
  but i 'll bite , from my own anecdotal experience , feminists are left-leaning and against conscription in general . 
  so i do n't get what the fuss is about . 
  yeah no offence but it usually seems to be americans from the_donald shitting over everyone . 
  i mean there was a thread about the afd and even the germans were shat upon because they did n't agree with that shit . 
  my bad , was referring to the guy above you  they are n't fighting for equal conscription here either . 
  which is one of the biggest inequalities ... women got told that they are too weak to be in the army and should rather raise babies ( this actually makes sense if you are fighing a war ) yet a generation passes and now they are blamed that they do n't ask for equal conscription rights ? 
  btw the women in israel do serve but somehow they do n't count, 
  dude they know all this . 
  they are not stupid . 
  they are just using trump 's momentum to push their insane ideology . 
  i mean just read these comments , it is like you teleported in the_donald, 
   because some neohippies in europe til merkel is a neohippy, 
   every major actor keeps doing that . 
  debates are never about facts and their rational analysis but rather about starting a controversy , not listening to each other , and dismissing any idea coming from someone that has a different political view for no reason at all . 
  if debates had facts in them , most of the politicians would be unnecessary . 
  if you have all the facts , a great number of problems simply solve themselves . 
   terror sucks , but we had our own , homegrown terror in germany for decades , and we dealt with it . 
  yeah but they were white only half / s, 
  yes , because downvotes in reddit determine france 's election, 
   of course , the primary sources and the facts do n't matter to the alt-right . 
  dude . 
  they know . 
  do you think they are stupid ? 
  they just pulled the most succesful campaign ever . 
  this is them testing the waters . 
  they deliberately spam these articles to gauge reactions . 
  of course they know that this is n't new and that this is 100 % mainstream media . 
   it is amazing how they think they are so progressive and great for everyone while they might be the most hated group in the west they won the popular vote in america you can say the democrats majorly fucked up their campaign ( duh ) but to say that these people is some fringe minority is crazy . 
  it is not healthy to feel this way about something that does n't affect you . 
  is a mansplaining hotline ridiculous ? 
  obviously . 
  so are a hundred other things in our daily lives . 
  i do n't understand why you single out this particular idiocy and obsess over it . 
  and as i said , it is obviously ridiculous , but it does n't have the slightest impact on your life . 
  i mean you obsess so much that you make it a political issue and even elect your political representative based on this idiocy ? 
  like some dumb cunts made a hotline and now we have trump in charge and global warming will only get worse ? 
  i mean seriously ? 
  really , if people vote like this , then so what if the world ends after a week , we are fucked as a species : /, 
  this is the new edgy thing to say see something you disagree with ? 
  * this is why trump won * * [ concerned citizenry intensifies ] *, 
   it 's a toxic , hostile shit show now . 
  too bad they did n't emulate the kindness and understanding that we 've come to expect from the alt-right if you thought that shit was toxic , the next 4 years will surprise you, 
   i 'm against conscription in general , but if a country does practice it , it seems ridiculous to apply it solely to men , turning them into some sort of dehumanized resource to be expended on the battlefield while women are spared . 
  yeah , and guess who came up with that idea ? 
  men . 
  it is kind of sad to blame feminism for this too , but then again it 's the bandwagon, 
  and they represent everyone ? 
  or every liberal ? 
  you are saying that both sides are extremes with no side in the middle . 
  it is not . 
  there is only one fundamentally crazy side . 
  you do n't see protests or violence because they want to raise the limit to 9 months simply put , the middle is leading things as they are . 
  but one side ca n't rest until they control every womb in their country, 
  but someone on the internet called me a racist and that is more important / s, 
  exactly , the hypocrisy could not be more obvious . 
  all these people screaming about oppression and how their voices were not heard ... all they wanted was to marginalize the people they disagreed with, 
  maybe if these conservatives or nationalists did not dehumanize and humiliate everyone that was n't like them for like centuries , it would n't have come to this everyone labels people and everyone has the right to do so . 
  you can get mad at that and vote for a president on the basis on some labels on the internet , i wo n't convince you otherwise and i do n't know what gender quotas have to with brexit , but i am sure you will connect it somehow . 
  something something globalist agenda something something it is kind of hypocritical to get so angry about gender quotas , while cheering on for more global warming and controlling women 's reproductive systems . 
  i guess oppression is ok only if you are the one on top ? 
  that is the agenda it seems, 
   any banning of abortion is against women 's rights ergo until the moment the baby is born she should be allowed to get an abortion yes that is your opinion but i was wondering who has advocated for that and how mainstream that position is, 
  everything is a symptom of something else . 
  these people you call sjws did not appear out of nowhere, 
  you do n't understand . 
  the media as bad only when they disagree with us . 
  if they agree , then media is awesome . 
   new rule . 
  if something is criticized as racist , phobic , bigoted , etc you must give it the benefit of the doubt . 
  as if that was n't the plan all along, 
  so why should n't people be glad that you are leaving ? 
  many brit users seem to complain that we are mean to them , yet they display a weird lack of empathy . 
  well , your country caused part of the danger you predicted . 
  so it 's not as one sided as you make it to be . 
  interesting . 
  any source for this nine months thing ? 
  yeah , except they tried to give them national healthcare like a first world nation . 
  or they returned unemployment to below 5 % levels . 
  but someone called a racist on an internet forum so fuck all that ( including global warming ) let 's just vote for the other guy, 
  you pay for them the same way you pay for national health insurance . 
  like if someone is stupid enough to ride his bike fast and crashes , he will get treatment on our taxes . 
  besides that , you seem ridiculously opposed to the idea of an accident during sex . 
  i do n't get this bizarre fixation . 
  on every other human activity , we have the backs of our fellow humans . 
  but when female wombs are involved , we make exceptions . 
  it 's just crazy and i do n't expect you to see it any other way . 
  `` you '' is an abstract geopolitical actor here .
