  and the world will not literally end with the end of the eu , but i expect some war to break out . 
  granted maybe not wwiii but definitely regional wars . 
  point is if says this , he is mocked as a fearmonger . 
  if you say the same thing about refugees , you are a `` concerned citizens '' who simply `` loves his country '' . 
   why would they do that ? 
  for the same reasons they did ? 
   an organism is not defined by its diseases and parasites . 
  ah the old ` it 's just a coincidence that these countries are the best ' platitude . 
  i imagine this coincidence applies only to europe . 
  if we are talking about islamic culture and the deplorable state the islamic countries find themselves in , then it 's * not * a coincidence . 
   i meant that i 'd rather live under 19th century style imperialism today . 
  yeah except it does n't exist . 
  19th century imperialism does not work with modern day technology . 
   the old ` right-wingers do n't know their own interests ' platitude ? 
  try a bit harder . 
  well historically speaking its true , the masses lived terrible lives so that the military/priest/business elite would play their grand games . 
  i do n't know about your utopian modern-day imperialism though , i imagine that since its utopian everybody would be living the life of his dreams . 
  yeah because you imagine yourself to be an imperialist . 
  but you are a pleb , so if you lived during imperialist times you 'd just get pressed ganged and sent off to die . 
  what you call `` globalist '' societies have afforded you a great standard of living . 
  it 's tell that european countries are among the most developed , most free and most prosperous in the world . 
  especially if you are a pleb . 
  but then again leave it to right wingers to be ungrateful for the gifts they have been given and angrily try to destroy everything for some romantic , anachronistic fantasy - a fantasy that goes against their own interests . 
  authoritarianism describes a set of behaviors and attitudes that actually exist . 
  democracy also describes various institutions that currently exist ( and historically have existed ) . 
  it is not simply vague moralizing . 
  implying that jailing pokemon go players somehow promotes `` public peace '' is hilarious and deserving of laughter , therefore `` lol '' . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
   the expert commentators from this sub will reassure us but we are tired of these damn experts !, 
  if the eu dissolves then the proud patriotic nations of europe will proudly fulfill their utopian destiny . 
  you are right . 
  the world is not ending with the eu . 
  the eu collapsing will be a totally inconsequential event . 
  on the other hand , the world will end with the refugees . 
  they will destroy our proud national cultures , destroy our sovereignty , destroy our traditions and institutions , and also rape our white kids . 
  so yeah , stop the fearmongering !, 
  ah yes . 
  adopt a fucked up position and then justify it with a [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) : * but the other guys are just as bad !, 
  * do you think that is honest ? 
  it 's not honest at all . 
  your are just looking for justifications for your immoral views . 
  you should try to simply own up to them and not make excuses . 
  you forgot to mention `` cultural marxism '' / s, 
  not just eastern european . 
  it 's pretty much identical in greece . 
  you are being downvoted because / r/europe is perfectly fine with religious oppression as long as its of the `` correct '' kind i.e. 
  the traditional conservative christian kind . 
  the only threads you will see pro-secular posts upvoted is when islam is involved . 
   from the perspective of maintenance of public peace and prevention of internal conflicts yeah i 've been following politics for some time ( i guess you have too ) and this has nothing to do with any of that . 
  it 's simply authoritarian people being authoritarian . 
  they just love it when someone who is seem as `` uppity '' gets fucked . 
  it has nothing to do with ideology , religion , politics or public peace ( lol seriously ) . 
  so basically you have a lot of people in russia who just absolutely love it when a `` troublemaker '' is sent to jail . 
  it 's an emotional thing . 
  of course they try to rationalize and justify it by some abstract reasoning like `` respect muh traditions '' but this is merely a rationalization of the fact that they enjoy seeing people harshly punished for breaking moral rules . 
   now the real `` victim '' here is the russian state fucking fascinating i am amazed that someone would post this and get upvotes . 
  in this sub too !, 
  wtf does the alt-right have a boner for russia ? 
  i ca n't come up with another explanation, 
   i do n't give a shit about religion in general but the fusion of religion and government is a fucking cancer and needs to die . 
  * but muh traditions * good luck getting the angry nationalist mob to relinquish their power . 
  apparently , supporting secularism is ok only when islam is involved . 
  you do n't understand . 
  this is ( supposed to be ) a sacred moment . 
  i am pretty sure its easter , the biggest event for orthodox christians . 
  so it should n't matter if you are a politician or a pleb . 
  and if you want to film the event , you have a camera crew that does so discreetly . 
  i find your authoritarian attitude funny as you are making excuses as to why it is ok to use a cellphone if you are a high power persona and not ok if you are a pleb . 
  it 's almost like you guys blindly worship authority and cheer when filthy plebs get punished , regardless of rules or reason . 
  of course . 
  think of it like `` millions of rapists muslims who are fake refugees '' or `` millions of fake refugees who economic migrants and want to leech on our social services '' . 
  the funniest thing about brexiters is their complete hypocrisy when it comes to labeling people . 
  yeah let 's totally generalize everyone we do n't like , but do n't dare generalize us to our lowest common denominator ( that pesky racist minority that you insist on pretending it does n't exist , i wonder why ? 
   because who could possibly imagine that forcing greece to give up some of its best sources of reliable revenue for just over 1 billion euros will not actually help paying off the 300b debt , am i right ? 
  honest mistake , people !, 
  honest question : how well were those airports performing ? 
   then they take a deep breath and continue saying merkel is a brilliant visionary umm no they do n't what kind of collective has brought out such a statement ? 
  i understand you are in the midst of an alt-right circlejerk here so i do n't care about downvotes , i 'd just like to expose your bs for what it is, 
  it 's funny because in greece it 's the other way around . 
  i do n't care so much about that , if you think its wrong then its wrong , i wo n't argue morality ... but it is beside the point : why ca n't you work at a corporation and be a leftist ? 
  or `` leftie '' ? 
  i mean obviously its just right wingers being smug , i am just giving him an opportunity to back it up, 
   it 's not like most of us would have known what he meant if he had said ` synecdoche ' . 
  finally my nationality has some usefulness, 
  you are not speaking on any vast majority . 
  nobody elected you to be their representative . 
  you are merely a dude that plays online games and trolls on reddit regarding ( national ) identity politics , because his feelings of ( national ) pride are hurt . 
  sorry for being harsh but we all need someone to bring us down to reality from time to time , you 'll thank me later . 
   it will be full of the usual middle class student types who act like lefties now , then join the corporate world as soon as they graduate . 
  i did n't know you were n't allowed to be a `` leftie '' once you started working for a corporation . 
  but whatever suits your agenda , i guess ? 
   a know what the difference between an american saying something wrong about europe versus a european saying something wrong about the united states here is ? 
  an american talking about europe is corrected , downvoted , and crossposted to sas . 
  a european talking about the us gets 70 upvotes while he claims that anything outside of a major city is `` swathes of rednecks '' using dial-up . 
  there is no difference . 
  the american would get massive upvotes because * hurr durr nationalism * . 
   really . 
  the us destabilized syria . 
  well granted i should have said party created . 
  the fall of sadam 's regime spawned isis and combined with assad and [ global warming ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/ominous-story-of-syria-climate-refugees/ ) created the syrian mess .
