  point is you chose a story with an esoteric message to make a `` gotcha '' comment . 
  try again with a more generally understood & accepted story , like an actual parable . 
  agreed , but  like you said , the calls for a stop to the nazi comparisons came before the actual comparisons . 
  there are no actual comparisons . 
  in all the months i 've been in this sub , there was one or two ( at most ) unsarcastic mentions of the term `` nazi '' . 
  was massively downvoted too . 
  on the other hand , if you complain that you are called a `` nazi '' you will get hundreds of upvotes . 
  just look at this comment section . 
  it was a so-called miracle , not a parable try reading on the basics of christianity before attempting a `` gotcha ! '', 
  comment, 
  only for christianity , because `` tradition '', 
  where are you from ? 
  can you honestly not imagine of a reason why germans would react negatively to this stereotype ? 
  i mean ... its clearly tongue-in-cheek , from a conservative publication to boot ... does that not ring any bells ? 
  who talked about changing anything ? 
  how about letting people decide the family model they want to have ( if any ) instead of having political parties push down their agenda ? 
  this says more about this sub 's ignorance when it comes to germany , rather than the afd 's popularity itself . 
  people do n't get why the poster would be offensive to a lot of germans , because they do n't know much about germany 's history and culture . 
  for them its just a blonde family . 
  for many germans , it brings back terrible memories of things getting out of hand . 
  * one might agree or disagree with the implied values in the poster * , but has n't much to do with the squeamishness of many germans at it . 
  and instead of educating themselves on cultural nuances , they get mad at the left for calling everyone a `` nazi '' , which is hilarious considering nobody called anyone a nazi in this thread ... yet people angrily complain about it . 
   ronically it would solve a lot of the existential angst and the geopolitical issues that germany faces . 
  quite a sweeping generalization . 
  are you perhaps german yourself ? 
  its in their party program, 
  we can use the accumulated expertise, 
  well if you focus one the one reasonable idea they have and ignore all the rest then yeah they do n't sound so ` far-right ', 
  you realize that germany invited most of those muslims over since 1961 right ? 
  they wanted to rebuild their country and brought in people from turkey . 
  i know this is hard to believe in / r/europe but its not a case of muslim invaders illegally crossing the borders with intent to steal or destroy the proud local white culture . 
  the germans themselves brought them in , being desperate for manual labor . 
  seemed to work for christians, 
  i do n't know why you are getting downvoted , but whatever . 
   did n't greece agree to deport all it 's muslims into turkey if turkey deported all it 's greeks into greece less than a century ago ? 
   yeah but was because we failed at our own mini ethnic cleansing :( its like if you failed at genociding the native americans and by beating you they sent your settlers packing , back to the 13 colonies . 
  but the native americans had bows and arrows while the turks had some [ pretty big guns ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dardanelles_gun ) . 
  so you see the problem . 
  also , incoming shitstorm from any other greek that might see this comment . 
   and yes , i wager you would be talking tough about your own hegemony . 
  in fact , you once did , a very long time ago . 
  lol but now it 's easier to criticize us for it while american-powered nato prevents war between you & turkey . 
  goddamn right its easy to criticize you . 
  its cheap entertainment . 
  but really if greece had your army , we would be fucking up shit left and right on a daily basis . 
  its not that we are morally superior , its just that we are weaker . 
  i mean when we ( thought we ) had military power we did [ some pretty fucked up shit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1974_cypriot_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) . 
   other than all the dick-measuring on my part though , you bring up a lot of good & valid points . 
   you too . 
  i can honestly say that your posts about israel taught me something , maybe for the first time in / r/europe . 
  edit : more info . 
  its so nice to have a civilized discussion on this matter   1 ) the absence of evidence of the use hellene for a few centuries doesnt mean the absence of the use . 
  true ... but that is like trying to disprove a negative . 
  we ca n't get very far like that . 
   2 ) the term hellene meant pagan after the rise of christianity . 
  agreed . 
  which explains the difference between the two aforementioned terms . 
  for a people so connected to their religion ( this much is obvious even to a liberal militant atheist such as myself ) it would be weird if they used their name to refer to something religiously despicable . 
   3 ) they evidently did have at least partially a cultural continuity in the sense of language and paideia and were aware who their anchestors were . 
  well we 'll have to agree to disagree here . 
  ca n't really say much more than that , unfortunately . 
   hellene or roman , the choice is symbolic but also necessary to some degree . 
  what do you mean necessary ? 
   this could be said for every nation and every time period , it depends on the individual . 
  yeah , it can be used to every nation , which is why i feel national identities are recently manufactured . 
  which is n't a universally `` bad '' thing mind you , its pretty useful and even necessary if you live in the 19th century . 
  i guess our disagreement would be how useful it is today . 
  but that is a different discussion . 
   for me , the use of the greek language in the lands within of and neighbouring modern greece for 3.500 years is a deep sign of continuity and is enough to justify it . 
  well there has to be * some * continuity . 
  its not like the classical greeks magically disappeared , right ? 
  i would describe the continuity as that of the distinct inhabitants of this land , even if their culture completely changed . 
  and by distinct i mean that they were n't particularly replaced by any invaders or immigrants , there was still this large core group that just kept existing here . 
  but anyway i respect your opinion even though i do n't fully share it . 
   well the medieval romans did had a sense of continuity with the ancient greeks and did call themselves greeks in cultural or ethnic terms especially after the fourth crusade . 
  they were calling themselves greeks or hellenes ? 
  historically speaking , they are not truly interchangeable terms , even if we modern greeks use them as such . 
  i 've seen sparse references to the term hellenes from the 11th century onward , but i have to mention two things : the silence of the previous centuries is telling . 
  clearly they were trying to revive something , rather than continue it . 
  you ca n't have a continuity with such a massive gap . 
  as a term , it was usually learned scholars , statesmen and philosophers who used it in an educational context i.e. 
  the hellenic stuff was something might have * learned * because you were part of the educated elite , not something you * were * . 
  the idea of hellas really took off when we copied european nationalism in the 19th century . 
  i think its a dumb idea , this unlikely fusion of two totally different and abstract cultures . 
  its just a story they told us and we bought it . 
  i think that our roots were sown in medieval greece , continued to grow as the contrast between the latins became more intense ( as you pointed out with the crusades ) and also as the empire became smaller and more homogeneous ; yet in no case had it anything to do with classical greece . 
  the idea that we have anything to do with socrates or alexander the great is kind of ridiculous imho . 
  oh , i finally got it after 1 message . 
  its very obvious what you are . 
  it does n't take 4 messages , believe me !, 
  i think you have served your purpose . 
  your initial response was super predictable , as i successfully predicted that you 'd say `` you 're not special !, 
  you 're not special !, 
  '' , so you are becoming boring now . 
  i now predict that you will stalk me for some time , making `` smart '' replies to each of my comment , downvoting with no reason , basically being yourself , as people such as you often do . 
  and since you seem to have the pathological need to get the last word in ... feel free !, 
  say what you have to say . 
  i grant you that . 
  i promise i wo n't reply . 
  see you around ( unfortunately ) ...
