  using captain euro as an example of eu inefficiency . 
  i mean is it really down to that ? 
  lol, 
  poland ? 
   if the entire world became part of the soviet union one day in the 1980s then war would cease to exist instantly . 
  but how happy would the peoples be with this arrangement ? 
  i do n't know ... if their elected representatives made their countries join , along with referendums etc. 
  i do n't see why people would be unhappy . 
  but of course it would n't happen that way , with the ussr there would be an actual military invasion . 
   i also find it absurd that you consider the eu as the sole factor for peace in western europe , you should look up ww2 and its effects you should look up ww1 and its effects , if you think its so absurd . 
  the collective damage to the european psyche was umaginable by our modern standards . 
  just raw horror on a scale that was never seen before . 
  but in some years , when the new batch of conscripts rose to age , the same thing happened again . 
  now i do n't think the eu is the sole factor , but its definitely a huge one . 
  nato itself ca n't guarantee peace forever , because its a military alliance and not a political one . 
  wars very often the results of politics , so in that sense the eu must have helped . 
  and of course you can disregard or disagree with all that , but you are still left with nationalism . 
  i assume that nationalism would run rampant if the eu collapsed , because they would have had a hand in it , therefore the chance of conflicts would be even higher . 
  this needs to be like in a faq or stickied in the main page, 
  read my posts again to see if i ignore nato or not . 
  and the phrase is a catchphrase , having been used by all kinds of weirdos to conveniently ignore correlations that do n't fit the narrative . 
  correlations are usually important . 
  also i do n't have to know your views since i did n't reference them . 
  you seem to be too willing to take offence , so enjoy . 
  they did it once for greece . 
  they should have left the country to crash and burn , but they tried to save it in the name of political stability . 
  let 's not repeat the same mistake twice . 
  uk voters need to face the full consequences of their actions , both good and bad . 
   i do n't understand how the british media allowed the brexit camp ( especially bojo and his ilk ) to blatantly lie they way they did . 
  why not ? 
  nationalism and right wing reactionary ideas are very easy to sell . 
  too easy , i 'd say . 
  yeah i 've heard that catchphrase but generally speaking , correlations might be important and should be examined . 
  ignoring a correlation ( major world political events ) because it does not suite one 's political views is a big mistake . 
  you should not be using that quote to support it . 
  sure . 
  so europe being peaceful caused the eu to form . 
  i can buy that if you explain what caused this abnormal lull in human warfare that we are currently experiencing . 
   so what did orban recently do that upset the right people ? 
  got ta love the echo chamber of the ring wing any criticism is used as proof that they are doing the correct thing , since ( allegedly ) the right people are pissed . 
  so the more they criticize and condemn you , the more justified you feel you are . 
  it 's almost orwellian in its brilliance !, 
  it 's like an intersection of teenagers trolling and politics . 
  sadly though these are adults who vote, 
  the thing is , there is this massive new wave of right wing trolls , most of them being american-based , huge supporters of donald trump , ideologically committed to stamping out sjws with a religious fervour . 
  you can see them on most topics , and they troll with comments like the one / u/czettnersandor wrote . 
  fox news , along with other american media like breitbart , are spearheading this right-wing propaganda by telling everyone how europe is currently operating under sharia law when at the same time lgbts are extremely privileged and receive social welfare for being gay , all while political correctness is the # 1 threat to modern civilization and can probably end human life as we know it . 
  so anyway it 's not anti-american hatred , it 's mostly frustration with the current brand of idiocy that emanates from america and chose to target europe . 
  i do n't think it represents the us as a whole but you have to see that it 's aggravating . 
  that would be a good point . 
  of course there was cyprus , two nato countries practically engaging in warfare between one another ( greece and turkey ) , but besides that obviously nato contributed to peace . 
  do you also think that our peace is a coincidence ? 
  well if it does n't matter that is a very poor case of power creep, 
   common foreign policy i do n't think so, 
  dude you ca n't gun down women and children at the border , even if a [ hip right wing ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-right-leaning-afd-leader-calls-for-police-right-to-shoot-at-refugees/a-19013137 ) party supports it . 
  it 's illegal and immoral . 
  not to mention , most of them come through greece , which has sea borders . 
  i hope you realize that you ca n't build a wall on sea . 
  til angela merkel is a leftist . 
   the thing is , you push your view as the only rational view . 
  you mean like / u/anteral labeling everyone who does n't have right-wing views as `` full retard '' ? 
  or is it ok when people who agree with you do it ? 
  you are allowed to call lefties full retard . 
  on the other hand , if you critisize the right wingers omg literally hitler political correctness is being shoved down my throat stop this tyranny, 
   this is because moving from india to sweden is banned . 
  one of the most inane comments ever . 
  maybe the indian driver likes his town/city/village / community ? 
  not all people move around the globe chasing money 24/7 , even when they have the opportunity . 
  why ca n't some people accept my unfounded premise if i shout loud enough ? 
  they do care , because its the right-wingers that are aligned with them . 
  they share the same worldview and , to some extent , future goals . 
  and while it 's not unheard of , its difficult to get the same level of support with left-wingers . 
  yeah i just wrote a whole comment regarding how you are not `` being made to vote until the eu gets the answer it wants '' and you just repeated the same premise . 
   welcome to a secular society it 's funny because if you sent the same piece of paper to a conservative we would get upset and reply with `` but but but europe is a christian continent !, 
  i agree that other solutions would be better , like foreign aid or just helping the people there . 
  but they work only in theory , not in reality . 
  no one can go into syria , no one wants to get involved in the country ( except russia ofc ) so the option of any direct intervention does not exist . 
  the dominant rhetoric is that there are many solutions readily available , yet the treacherous politicians refuse to implement any since they prefer to just accept refugees in their own countries . 
  that makes them traitors who are serving some nefarious politically correct leftist progressive international conspiracy , of which angela merkel is an important pawn . 
  but again , in reality , there are n't many options . 
  you ca n't get too much involved in syria due to assad and russia . 
  the world , especially eu , does not have any desire to `` spread democracy '' anywhere . 
   yes , people very much have inherent ambitions and motivations such as ? 
  i guess its just a coincidence that we have stopped killing one another the moment these international agreements were put in place ? 
  if you look at history , europeans have been murdering other europeans literally forever . 
  you could not live a life and raise your family without going through one or two major conflicts . 
  it was just a part of life . 
  now you are so spoiled to not only live in peace but you have even forgotten what war is like . 
  and you act ungratefully , as if this peace came about by its own accord , like by magic or something . 
   like ireland had a choice , but made the wrong one so was given the opportunity to make the right one . 
  at least lets get the facts straight . 
  after the first referendum , [ guarantees were given ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/meps-approve-irelands-lisbon-treaty-add-ons-390399-mar2012/ ) to assuage the fears that were raised by the `` no '' side :  the constitutional affairs committee of the european parliament approved the decision reached by eu leaders in june 2009 to offer full assurances to ireland that the lisbon treaty would not affect ireland ' z corporate tax rate , military neutrality or abortion laws . 
  once that rhetoric was denied to the `` no '' folks , they did n't have much of a leg to stand on . 
  [ same with denmark ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2015/10/19/asking-the-public-twice-why-do-voters-change-their-minds-in-second-referendums-on-eu-treaties/ ) , the eu listened and gave specific guarantees so that people would not vote based on intimidation , panic and uncertainty :  with the edinburgh agreement , denmark would have four opt-outs in the fields of european citizenship , economic and monetary union , defence policy , and justice and home affairs . 
  ireland , on the other hand , gained guarantees concerning its military neutrality with the seville declaration after the nice referendum , and on the irish commissioner , competency over tax rates , abortion , neutrality , and workers ' rights after the lisbon referendum . 
  as i understand it , your argument is that irish are so dumb that if you ask them the same question twice , you are in fact manipulating their brain to give the exact opposite answer . 
  me , i just do n't think that irish people are that retarded . 
   they are net producers . 
  speaking as another `` net producer '' , we are as good as the infrastructure allows us to be . 
  i imagine if these people just appeared in poland the next day , they would be next to useless .
