  that 's perfectly fine , i do it too , but i 'm aware enough to understand when i am doing it, 
   of course they do . 
  right . 
  i meant , objectively . 
  i do n't know what exists in your mind . 
  same goes for the usa . 
  dude quit being such a drama queen , every comment you write reads hysterical the only thing being `` pushed into the mud '' here is peoples ' patience with far right wing trolling . 
  `` working class '' lol what kind of second grade marxist shit is this, 
  in the doublespeak of modern gaming , `` post launch '' basically means `` suck my dick lol '', 
  ironically , this is what they are trying to do . 
  making the most generic , retarded military shooter without paying heed to the era or setting . 
   i 'm sick of this expectation that other people should make what you want . 
  it 's called `` the market '' . 
  it 's a cool thing , you should look into it, 
   bnp and edl have almost zero influence , anywhere . 
  the regressives have a mayor . 
  and if we go to the other side of the atlantic they have filled all the universities . 
  the regressives do n't exist , it 's a pretty vaguely defined group . 
  as a term its used against people who others find disagreeable . 
  so they do n't have mayor . 
  this guy has his own views . 
  and on the other side of the atlantic , you have no clue what is going on you are right that bnp and edl have tiny influence , but almost zero  zero . 
  dude if she is `` average '' for you then i can only be jealous its amazing that none of you realizes we are talking about a company advertising a magical product if this was about health and fitness ( and not hot chicks , as it is now ) then it would still be a terrible representation since she is not attainable in any shape or form . 
  its not just weight . 
  you need to have the ridiculously rare proportions , height , symmetry , face , health ( mental and physical ) free time and the means to look even half as pretty as she does . 
  and not to mention weight . 
  female models are way below what is normally considered `` skinny '' . 
  it 's like they are a new category in themsleves . 
  anyway most of the people ca n't be like that . 
  same goes for guys and male models . 
  and that is ok . it 's perfectly fine . 
  yes being motivated and setting goals is important . 
  but being realistic , like having in your head a solid understanding of how reality functions , is even more important, 
  yes of course applies to the eu , because it applies * everywhere * , which is why its not an argument, 
   fit people are n't 0,000001 % of the population and becoming fit is n't unattainable , even if woefully unfit people do n't like to be reminded of that . 
  except the image does not do this , because its not a representation of your average `` fit '' person . 
  its an extremely rare professional model , photoshopped too . 
  so what is happening is that people do n't like to be told that reality has objective limits . 
  you are not going to look like her no matter how many magical products you 'll be tricked into buying, 
   on everyday , mundane occurrences the woman in the picture is not mundane nor everyday . 
  professional models are rare ( like 0,000001 % of the population ) plus their photos are photoshopped to high heaven . 
  i mean wtf i thought this was common knowledge ? 
   it 's that he 's pushing an ideology by using his authority as a means to achieve that it 's called politics and its how we run our societies  do you think that the bnp or the edl are a more real threat than the regressive left ? 
  of course . 
  the regressive left is a threat only in the minds of retards . 
   you just got triggered or something and jumped all over me . 
  yes , it triggers me to see people shouting `` fascism '' because they simply disagree with something ( like not being allowed to watch hot fit models plastered on the walls everywhere ), 
  and i am sure you are as cynical as you think you are . 
  a cynical person would understand that this is how politics works and not make an exception when it comes to eu matters . 
  these `` facts '' you mentioned apply to virtually all human political actions at any conceivable level . 
  its dishonest and idealistic to use them as arguments against the eu . 
  because greeks are easily offended and , as befits a typical balkan culture , extremely emotional when it comes to their alleged `` pride '' , whether its national or personal we are so easily offended that we are willing to waste a fuckton of diplomatic capital just to go `` fuck you '' to that very poor and insignificant tiny country, 
   `` eu member '' means the government of said country , which might not represent the views of the majority of the people at some point . 
  and i am sure you are a member of this so-called unrepresented majority . 
  it 's not for you to judge though . 
  this is n't an objective , measurable way of benefitting yourself or your society . 
  as i said , it 's great if you are into culture , but its also ok if you are not . 
  so it 's better left to each individual who , ultimately , is the only arbiter of his or her own happiness . 
  then everyone is a fascist . 
  there is no government that does not restrict some kind of message . 
  does that mean censorship is good ? 
  no , it just means that its idiotic to call everyone a `` fascist '' because they wo n't let you see hot chicks or something . 
  ah , back in the old days , fascism used to mean something ... 
  no sorry, 
   hint - nothing worth having comes easy . 
  i like things to be as easy as possible ( which is why i ended up being a programmer ) . 
  i 'm sorry did i trigger you ? 
  i meant the `` natives '' , which in europe are generally considered to be white . 
  i did n't mean to call you racist , in fact i never have , so i am sorry if your feelings were hurt, 
  censorship is censorship , fascism is fascism . 
  for a system to be considered `` fascist '' it needs to have a whole lot more features than just censoring ads you happen to find sexy . 
  but i understand its more convenient to call `` fascist '' everything you disagree with . 
  ah london , they are literally hitler . 
  london = fourth reich . 
  this is not an ad against obesity . 
  this is marketing . 
  somebody is telling you : use our product and you ( or your girlfriend , or your imaginary/desired girlfriend ) will look like this . 
  so you think this is achievable , like women are * meant * to look like this , like this is somehow natural , like its totally easy and everyone can look like this . 
  and now you get upset when reality does not conform to your expectations . 
  you basically fall for the most simplistic way of marketing : hot girls . 
  happens to the best of us !, 
  so there you have it . 
  for many people , national governments have done nothing . 
  in fact , for many people , governments are an actual enemy . 
  also , nationalism is not inclusive . 
  by definition its the opposite of that . 
  it 's an aggressive exclusion of everyone not conforming to some weird early 20th century standard . 
  everything else is rejected as being part of a global `` cultural marxism '' conspiracy . 
  that is not an ~ ~ explanation ~ ~ mansplaination , it 's a repetition . 
  though i imagine logic is not the strong suit for someone who thinks this is fascism . 
   culture . 
  everything is about culture . 
  its what seperates us from animals and its in many situations something we are proud of . 
  it 's cool if you are into that , but do n't presume that everybody else is an `` animal '' just because he does n't share your strong views on culture . 
   when national governments and the concept of nationalities have done so much for us ? 
  look at my flair and try to imagine why some people would not be happy with subverting their identity and their whole lives even to `` national '' governments . 
   i want all national governments dissolved . 
  you are a brave man . 
  i 'm proeu as they come , but i would not want that , it just seems too much . 
  also even if i did want that i would n't write it here , because i do n't like my inbox being filled to the brim with keyboard abuse .
