  we honestly can not agree , between us , that facts exist . 
  really ? 
  let me guess . 
  somebody called you once a `` racist '' in an online forum and you felt bad . 
  therefore you are being denied your democratic rights . 
  did i get it ? 
  that is not `` even more simply '' . 
  for us to discuss about verification of facts , we need to first agree that a fact is a valid concept and not just made up liberal anti-white propaganda . 
  also thanks for downvoting . 
  discussing the concept of a fact gets you downvoted . 
  rule post-modernism !, 
  has n't happened yet . 
  unless your circumstances have already changed and you live in your grandpa 's time , it has n't . 
  relativism is a bad idea . 
  nothing good comes out of it , except maybe some circlejerking . 
  let 's start simple . 
  do you agree that our world can be best described by `` facts '' , which are pieces of information that can be independently verified in a consistent manner ? 
  who told you that ? 
  i understand you want your side to win , but fake news will damage democracy in the end . 
  you think you are wining , but this is bad for you , as it is bad for everyone . 
  this culture of aggressive trolling & fake news you are promoting will cause irreparable harm to our public discourse . 
  yeah that 's the slippery slope fallacy . 
  i do n't buy it . 
   also , why would you force anyone to live in poland ? 
  you sadist . 
  think about it , we offer refugees shelter only in poland . 
  if that does n't stop them , i do n't know what will . 
  you ca n't turn back the clock . 
  and by trying to do the impossible , you will only harm people . 
  you are right that we probably wo n't have another ww , but there is plenty of room for small scale regional conflicts and all-around hostility between nations . 
  you do n't know that and even if you did , you do n't have any alternatives to offer . 
  you just want the eu gone . 
  as if that would satisfy you . 
  hopefully less hysteria in the eu and maybe other countries would want to relieve some of our pressure by agreeing to relocations . 
  i mean , if you wan na help , its either money or relocation . 
  if you do n't want to help , that is cool , but please do n't spread panic and mistrust within the eu at the time when we are vulnerable . 
  the imbecile kaczynski wants to appear tough , for internal polish consumption , when at the same time greece is collapsing under this weight . 
  i guess european solidary is worthas much as toilet paper these days . 
   greece would do much better economical controlling its own currency and legislation . 
  how do you know ? 
  we once controlled our own currency and legislation . 
  it let to the babyboomers destroying the country and cannibalizing their own descendants . 
  they should never be allowed to control anything again . 
  if the eu can put a leash on them , that is much for the better . 
  i would be very suspicious of people who demand your loyalty , as if you are obliged to give it to them . 
  well , you can stop spreading hysteria and panic by having your prime minister lie about refugees being infected with `` protozoa '' and shit . 
  you threw a hissy fit and refused to take in a mere ~ 6,000 because your proud civilization would collapse after such an invasion of raping jihadi terrorists . 
  meanwhile , we are hosting half a million of them . 
  so , you can start by not making the situation worse . 
  how about that . 
  better than trying to force your own pathological nationalism on everyone else, 
   it 's at least theoretically possible to have constructive conversation on safety vs. helping your fellow man . 
  i am afraid it is not . 
  not theoretically and definitely not practically . 
  if there is to be a discussion , theoretically speaking , we would have to establish some metrics . 
  like how much crime can we tolerate ? 
  it is impossible to have a million people without them committing a single crime . 
  so where do we draw the line ? 
  well , does n't matter , because we live in a post-factual world . 
  these kinds of discussions will never happen . 
  objective , measurable data has no value . 
  it does n't sell , because nobody is buying . 
  and , practically speaking , it is even worse . 
  most people just want to complain about being called `` racist '' by some evil liberal . 
  allegedly . 
  that is all they seem to care about . 
  getting an actual discussion going on , a discussion about balancing safety vs moral obligations , is impossible not just for us but for our politicians as well . 
  it is indeed funny , but sadly true . 
  99 % of conversations have a bunch of right wing prima donas crying about oppression , omg liberals called us nazis and racist and homophobes . 
  meanwhile , if you actually read the discussions , such accusations are extremely rare . 
  the term nazi is used sarcastically pretty much always . 
  and you know this how ? 
  you are at the border checking people individually or did you just read breitbart ? 
   please address the idea itself . 
  fair enough , but this is why it is happening . 
  the issues you mention are fringe issues . 
  not only fringe issues , but they would be actively opposed by conservatives the moment they gained traction . 
  so , for the time being , having immigrants to maintain population is a valid solution . 
  maybe the only one , because you ca n't get people to breed if they do n't want to . 
  nor can you prevent them from breeding . 
   i just think the argument that `` we need to import half the third world to germany otherwise our gdp of $ 50,000 per capita might decrease to $ 49,900 per capita !!! '', 
  is infuriating . 
  it is true , though . 
  there is a need for more people , maybe not refugees , but immigrants . 
  we are not going to switch to a basic income utopia neither this year nor the next one , so that gdp better not fall . 
   we should be embracing our low fertility rates and population decline . 
  economic structures and welfare systems should be adjusted accordingly . 
  except we are not . 
  literally nobody talks about this , except when - surprise fucking surprise - refugees are involved . 
  if refugees are involved , everyone becomes a progressive futurist . 
  here is the thing , until you take measures to curb population growth , you will accept refugees . 
  the moment the eu decides that population decrease is a policy we should all pursue , that same moment we 'll kick out all the refugees . 
  but arguing about population decrease now seems dishonest . 
  what is absolutely crazy is not accepting refugees since that is a well known and well established human right as per the un . 
  what is absolutely crazy is ignoring all the problems of capitalism ( which was promoted by the right-wing conservatives ) like wage stagnation , inequality and creeping automation and suddenly remembering that overpopulation is a problem when refugees arrive . 
  too little , too late i am afraid . 
   they wo n't dismiss it because `` airplanes are awesome '' . 
  i do n't know if you know this but germany has state and federal police , they also have an intelligence service . 
  this thread is about these services ( do n't know which one exactly ) doing their job and arresting a potential terrorist . 
  and here you come , in a thread about the police successfully handling the problem , claiming that people are `` dismissing '' the problem .
