  yeah this is the definition of populism . 
  a gun is n't a magical tool that defeats bad guys . 
  you need to know how to use it , also how to keep your wits about you at all times , not to mention how to store and maintain the gun itself . 
  spreading fear , panic and paranoia and then allowing anyone to just pick up a gun is a recipe for disaster . 
  are these people trained ? 
  do they know how to respond to emergencies ? 
  it 's more likely that they will either [ commit suicide ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/09/upshot/gun-deaths-are-mostly-suicides.html ) with said guns or just have them stolen . 
  so if you want to respond to terrorism fund intelligence and anti-terrorist services and also the police . 
  please do n't give a gun to every retard . 
   anything that goes beyond managing the status quo . 
  taking the wheel , being bold , showing initiative and vision . 
  sorry but these are platitudes . 
  i mean these are things that one feels , not actual policies or actions . 
  it sounds like you are looking for a great leader . 
  i think these times are long gone , for good reason . 
  capitalism has proven to be way too effective . 
  the ussr is gone . 
  there is no alternative . 
  this is hardly news and has been going on for quite some time . 
  when/if automation becomes a thing , we will see what economic position the left will take . 
   i was responding to the fact that such views are often considered `` racist '' in the politically correct mainstream this is not a fact , it 's something you guys make up . 
  you built this strawman that everybody is calling you racist and getting mad at the left for shutting you down there is not even a discussion to shut down . 
  merkel imported terror , violence and war , sure thing buddy . 
  just hang on a moment and we 'll just draft a law that bans muslims ( or generally people with an `` undesirable '' culture ) from having kids . 
  great idea man . 
  i ca n't wait for an american to propose more such laws, 
   i can treat my wife as a possession because my imaginary friend told me so this is illegal in europe . 
  for example , you ca n't hit or abuse her . 
  are you implying that anyone wants to lift that law for muslims only ? 
  if that is the case , you are trolling because no one can be that dense . 
  yes but the uk need their russian friends now . 
  politics is so transparent . 
  we seem to disregard human rights when imaginary sky friends are involved , except when it comes to islam . 
  then we turn around and demand that human rights take precedence . 
  it sounds kind of hypocritical no ? 
  can you give an example of such a `` direction '' ? 
  also , why you think people want a politician to give them such directions , please . 
  literally all your post are you whining that you are being unfairly labelled a racist . 
  what is wrong with you people ? 
  were you really bullied * that * much ? 
  the things that right-wingers have called me and the people who think like me are ** orders of magnitude worse ** than being called a `` racist '' on an anonymous internet forum . 
  you ca n't even imagine how worse they are . 
  but still i do n't give a shit . 
  yet you seem to be so insanely offended and hurt by it ? 
  why ? 
  i mean , what happened man ? 
  did the social justice warriors beat you to a pulp while screaming `` racist '' at you ? 
  i ca n't explain it otherwise . 
  what 's worse is that you insist on bringing it up in a discussion where no-one called you a racist . 
  not me nor / u/helmia nor / u/livinglegend69 called you a racist , you are being engaged with facts and reason , yet you still scream stop calling me a racist . 
  such behavior is either pathological ( brought about by extreme bullying , i guess ? ), 
  or just malevolent political trolling . 
  either way , reddit is not the place for you to get help ( or votes ) . 
   i invite you to actually come up with something that suggests she did n't that 's not how it works buddy . 
  you are like those religious people who , when asked to provide evidence from god , respond with `` well can you prove that god * does n't * exist ? 
  then he is real ! '' . 
  your whole hypothesis is insane . 
  the greek public debt accumulated for decades . 
  merkel did n't just come and force debt onto the greek public . 
  our fathers/grandfathers did that for her . 
   do you really believe that sweden 's crime rate is higher than in oman or brunei ? 
  / r/europe seems so , but only when muslims are involved . 
  then the rapes are legit . 
  otherwise they are just feminist paranoia, 
  then you can just not share your location . 
  you do n't have to pretend to be 10 different things ( with an agenda to boot ) or just try being like most people here who merely share their country and their views only . 
  there are millions of people in each european country . 
  are you seriously afraid someone will recognize you if you are like 1 out of 64,000,000 brits ? 
  you ca n't deal with them . 
  this is why propaganda is dangerous : it works great and is practically impossible to counter . 
  it is depressing watching it happen . 
  nope , nationalists were always there , it 's just that it is becoming socially acceptable to be one publicly . 
  lack of shame . 
  it 's more like a culture war between the resurgent nationalists and everyone else . 
  the muslims are just a pretext . 
  they do n't matter and will be discarded as an ideological argument once the crisis is over . 
   in every business or communication class maybe because the overwhelming majority of people did not study business or journalism ? 
  i studied lot of logic and philosphy ( rhetoric , debate , etc ) so the idea that body language should overwhelmingly dominate a discussion to a degree of 90 % just sounds ridiculous to me . 
  ... not to mention that the whole issue is unrelated to burkas . 
  why ? 
  do you honestly think politics are done with `` actual numbers '' ? 
  what planet do you live in lol . 
  how do you stop hundreds of thousands of people without violence ? 
  people like you should become politicians . 
  it 's like everything is easy to you and can be solved via a slogan, 
  i find your comment to be ironic because if she held strong to her own personal principles ( like when it comes to refugees , * cough cough * ) then you would accuse her of ignoring the will of the people , being a corrupt elite etc. 
  but now that she tries to follow popular views , she is condemned for it as well . 
  it 's like she ca n't win lol . 
  / r/europe will hate her no matter what . 
  dude . 
  are you trying to explain to people that their media is * gasp * misleading them ? 
  you might as well try to drive a camel through the eye of the needle . 
  europeans are n't much better when it comes to media . 
  i mean we like to pretend that we are `` critical '' of the information handed out to us but that just means we unquestionably accept any information that sounds `` contrarian '' . 
  you could print the worst kind of propaganda in europe , today , but as long as you label it `` anti-political correcness '' people will lap that shit up . 
  so you basically admit to being a troll . 
  i am reporting you , not that it will make a difference , but just for the record you pretend being a german to spread hysteria and panic about muslim rapists , then a british person to attack remainers and do some pro-brexit trolling ( filthy immigrants stole your job , right ? ), 
  then you act like you are a swede who has been suffering from political correctness , etc i would bet a lot of money that you are just an american trumpist . 
  unfortunately , we 'll never find out because even if i am right you would never admit it . 
  i mean its basically what right wingers have been saying about sweden for years now .
