  i find the american stance to be too ideological for my taste , concerned with how humans should behave in a perfect world , while ignoring what happens , and has happened , in observable reality . 
   actually very few . 
  and it was useless from security reasons since the real communists were not taking about communism ( they were collecting state secrets and sending them while keeping a low profile ) and in the instances you gave it was still abuse of power . 
  i guess some of that mccarthyism survived in the modern era  but i do n't think its debatable that the us government cracked down on communism , thus preventing the people from exploring an alternative path . 
  i am sorry but if more than 10 % of the cpusa were fbi informants , your first amendment does n't mean much . 
  but you are asserting something that is `` obvious '' to yourself and the people who agree with you . 
  btw i 'm not disagreeing with your ideas themselves . 
  we probably agree on many things . 
  there is a lot of open discourse in europe . 
  more than anywhere else in the world . 
  so i do n't think anyone is excluding you . 
  people are simply disagreeing with you . 
  it happens to me too . 
  it happens to everyone . 
  tl/dr ; nobody is shutting you down by calling you a racist . 
  this discussion is proof of it . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  either behave like a civilized person or stay the fuck home . 
  but people would complain about freedom of speech ( though i bet the pegida bros would be awfully silent on that one ) . 
  there is no evidence of this problem you speak of . 
  asserting , again and again . 
  that its exists does not make it reality . 
  ironically , i liked some of the things orb\u00e1n had to say in that interview . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  it was reasonable , except that last paragraph , which came out of nowhere and was totally unfounded . 
  no , you are not being oppressed by the liberals . 
  somehow this sub likes to pretend that it is . 
  go ahead and complain that the pc brigade is calling you a racist and get ready for some karma . 
  edit : syntax, 
   sweden takes things to new level . 
  do n't invite jews to holocaust memorial due to fears of upsetting muslims . 
  due to fears of upsetting jews . 
  did you read the article ? 
  its literally in your own quote , specifically : `` the jewish community was n't invited because we assumed they might be uncomfortable around that sort of thing . '', 
  of course what they are doing is totally bullshit , its not debatable and we all agree that its bullshit , but lets not lie about things that are in the quoted article itself . 
  i do n't know about these subreddits so you might be correct . 
  i was talking about this subreddit . 
  in this subreddit , all you need to do is pretend that you * are being labelled a racist , progressives are calling you a racist to shut down discussion * etc to instantly receive karma . 
  i 've asked for evidence but its never there . 
  you know why ? 
  because its not happening . 
  i 've been here for months and i 've never seen people calling others `` racists '' willy-nilly . 
  it just is n't happening . 
  except a downvoted dude , nobody was blaming `` white men '' as them being the perpetrators of this crime . 
  yet here we are pretending there is a massive pc brigade trying to shut down the `` discussion '' by calling you racists . 
  no man , i am sorry but its not happening . 
   i feel like many westerners do n't like their country part of it is in your post . 
  not liking a specific ideology does not mean you hate your country ( or your self , `` self-hater '' is a very commonly accepted term to be thrown around here ) . 
  i do n't like nationalism because its aggressively exclusionary . 
  i 'm not talking about immigrants or refugees or anything like that . 
  i am greek but according to greek nationalists i am not greek because i am an atheist . 
  i think that obsessing over uniformity and everyone following a specific `` monoculture '' is destructive , let alone immoral . 
  we ca n't all believe , act , talk the same way . 
  and its ok . 
  looking back at europe 's 21st century , an absurd amount of atrocities were committed because people were led to obsess over `` god , king and country '' . 
  you need to be cautious with that . 
  last but not least , i do n't get the idea of taking pride in something you had no part in . 
  and its just pride - only the good things - all the bad things the country did are conveniently forgotten . 
   `` liberalism has now become an enemy of free debate and those who do not remain in the mainstream discourse are excluded from the circle of democrats , '' orb\u00e1n said . 
  i know right ? 
  just go to a circle of conservatives and tell them how abortion is the right of every female . 
  see how inlcuded you will be . 
  people are conflating agreement with inclusion , as usual . 
  dude you are being downvoted . 
  you forgot to complain about being called a racist by the pc brigade . 
  if you just start complaining that you are being branded a `` racist '' and a `` nazi '' by the leftist media , then you will receive that karma in no time . 
  trust me it works for every thread there . 
  you did n't choose your words poorly , its that your outrage at these rapes is because they are perceived to be committed by muslim immigrants . 
  hence this `` one rape is too many '' rhetoric . 
  if there were no muslims involved , we 'd be hearing the usual ramblings about hysterical femininsts making up rape statistics . 
  i like how one can blatantly generalize about a group of people ( `` progressives '' , its like the one of the most vague and heterogeneous groups ) and just is there and collect his karma . 
  all in response to someone complaining that he is called a racist . 
  * do n't call us racists !, 
  do n't call us racists !, 
  but we will talk shit about you all day , making all kinds of generalization and blanket statements , because you are progressives . 
  i think the germans are more rational in their approach because they have experienced what humanity is like at its worst , and they do n't shy away from the realization of how cruel our nature really is . 
  most other cultures ( including mine ) pretend their humans are the best possible specimens ever ; they can do no wrong , the people are always right , awesomeness all around . 
  they never admit to any mistakes . 
  they never entertain the possibility that their people might suck , now and again . 
  therefore germans find it acceptable to limit the verbal violence a person inflicts against others , just they limit the physical violence . 
  its not that controversial either . 
  we all understand that words can be more damaging that punches . 
  why the outrage ? 
  i think its because the american worldview dominates the internet . 
  its very common even in / r/europe to have american and non-european users lecture us how things are going on here , how dangerous germany has become , how you should n't travel to cologne lest you get serially raped by fake refugees , all that , the usual things one reads in this sub . 
  in fact , the american approach to this `` free speech '' is inherently flawed . 
  the one time that speech could affect the american status quo , namely the spread of communism during the cold war , their government viciously cracked down on any pro-socialist speech . 
  so when shit hits the fan , your first amendment is n't worth the paper its written on . 
  of course this does n't prevent this pegida guys to use any rhetoric , american or not , in their undying quest to prevent people from calling them racists . 
  its all that matters . 
  its like a a mantra : * do n't call us racists , do n't call us racists , do n't call us racists ... *, 
  as expected , the first comments were people complaining that they were called `` racists '' when it did n't even happen . 
   man , the thread when the story first came out had quite a few people suggesting the opposite , even going so far as to lament that guessing otherwise was racist . 
  nope . 
  when the truth came out , there was exactly ( 1 ) one person that claimed that nationalists did it . 
  said person was downvoted too , so it was n't even visible . 
  but now you need to pretend that there was this massive movement to call you `` racists '' when nothing of that sort even came close to happening . 
  this self-victimization complex is destroying this sub . 
  first comments in each story are people complaining that they are being called racists ... when nobody is calling anyone a racist . 
  stop calling me a racist , you pc liberals are just trying to silence me .
