  yes , people see the things they disagree with as terrible calamities . 
  are you not completely onboard with nationalism ? 
  then you are a globalist elite imperialist who hates white people . 
  yes , its only nationalists who want to be independent . 
  everyone else if a fifth-columnist collaborator , am i right ? 
   if you look at history you would see that leftists have been killing everyone who was n't far left , even their leaders , its incredibly common i do n't think you know history . 
  if you want to be monocultural , you can invent a time machine . 
  it 's not gon na happen . 
  very low quality moralising . 
  author bitterly disagrees with peoples ' free choice to have sex and care about themselves rather than subverting their identity to the collective nation . 
   if the local population will not reproduce , then they will be replaced with a culture that does . 
  nihilism , not immigration , is the reason for europe 's collapse please do n't pass this as insight . 
  this is completely unfounded hysteria . 
  europe is collapsing ? 
   ( we are fucked , because we did n't fuck enough ) resources are limited . 
  the solution is not to breed 25.000.000 million more workers every few years , but rather to create sustainable growth . 
   unaffordable housing . 
  awesome logic mate . 
  is housing unaffordable ? 
  lets have more people then , that will make housing affordable !, 
  resources are not infinite . 
  species who behave as if their resources are infinite usually end up paying the ( terrible ) price . 
  what do you think is there to discuss ? 
  people do n't want to reproduce as much as they wanted to . 
  what discussion is there to be had on peoples ' free choices regarding their family life or reproductive habits ? 
  edit : as we see from some of the comments , the `` discussion '' usually revolves around hysteria about immigrants coming over and replacing the natives . 
  actually if you look at history you will see that most nationalists were murdering other nationalists . 
  it 's very common . 
  the only `` rights '' they were fighting for was the `` right '' to enforce a nationalistic monoculture on a country that you feel belongs to you and your political party alone . 
  for some people , that would n't be the worst idea tbh, 
  the idea that you are standing up to globalism and fighting for rights is laughable . 
  this has literally been never observed in objective reality, 
  and you are the only one speaking about globalism . 
  i do n't know what fox news is telling you but there are no dictators running around conquering and genociding in europe anymore , so being a pathologically anti-eu nationalist does not make sense even in your imaginary context . 
  it is not nice . 
  there is a deep hatred , not to mention suspicion , towards those subscirbing to the orthodox worldview . 
  the strangest part is that atheists or rather agnostics perpetuate this hatred . 
  its very common to hear someone say `` i 'm not an atheist but i respect religion '' or `` i do n't believe in god either but you should follow the old ways '' or shit like that . 
  nationalism generally fought more against rights than for them . 
  i do n't think that is the logic . 
  i mean i am sure there are some people who take that view , but i think most are simply happy to control women . 
  i understand this is an unpopular opinion ( hurr durr feminism is literally hitler etc ) but its good to remember how much of a control freak people are , especially ideologues and fundamentalists . 
  people really get off controlling women and their wombs . 
  yeah or in other words : cultural marxism . 
  the uk has a great economy and 5.4 % unemployment rate . 
  they are close to full employment . 
  the idea that immigrants are taking ther jerbs is retarded . 
   i 'm actually not that frustrated , i just throw up my hands at people who insist on being uneducated and instead of trying to improve themselves , try to lower the bar of the industry to their level . 
  you are not the arbiter of my skills . 
  i know you think you are , but you are not . 
  i can only say tl/dr ; to the rest because i wo n't enter a dick measuring contest with a nobody . 
  i am happy with my job and with the value that my bosses think i deliver . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  all i can say is that i 'm sorry that the level of the industry disappointing you so much . 
  if there is a deficit , its not in the technical department ( it 's ok i think ) , but in pretty much everything else . 
  like interviewing , or judging the value of others . 
  all in all , i do n't care if i am objectively bad , i sure as hell would never want to work with you . 
  i 've met people who are way better than me and none of them seemed so shitty people . 
  easy there boy . 
  do n't get too upset . 
  feel free to have the last word , there , i let you have it , 
  it 's quite rich being called an arrogant prick by the dude who barged into a conversation accusing others of spewing bullshit . 
  out of nowhere . 
  hypocrisy is a greek word , after all !, 
  i am exactly who you are , a random guy . 
  funny that you think you are not , that you are somehow a unique special snowflake . 
  well , not funny , more like ... sad . 
  yes ? 
  what do you want me to do , pretend its not ? 
  yeah no , it 's like entering a toilet ( = politics ) and then complaining to the guy next to you that it stinks too much . 
  does n't make much sense does it have a good imperial evening too mate . 
   this is something that is universally felt throughout the eu and a large chunk of fault lies with the eu and mindlessly aggressive globalisation policies it actively pursues . 
  it 's called capitalism . 
  crises and meltdowns happen every few decades . 
  you 'd have to be extremely ignorant to blame the eu for them . 
  in fact , the 2007-2008 crisis was caused by the housing bubble in the usa . 
  i wonder how ridiculous the eu hate will get here sometimes . 
  you are in the wrong place if you want respect if you found my message disrespectful , you should see some of the shit people have told me . 
  and unlike our chat here , it was n't justified at all its politics after all . 
  politics is essentially the rationalization of fucking people up for entertainment, 
  sorry for hurting your feelings but do you see what i 'm saying , beyond the name calling ? 
  its your attitude, 
   gags easy mate you do n't have to demonstrate , we got the picture, 
  i was n't talking about you personally ffs, 
   the eu is hypocritical to the very core and irresponsible because it condemns misinformation about brexit but not misinformation about other stuff e.x. 
  greece ( well as long as it 's fitting their agenda ) . 
  if you ca n't see that you are lost . 
  typical ( neo ) greek mentality . 
  you managed to top your previous comment about the eu being nationalistic !, 
  now the eu is bad because , get this , it does n't devote the same attention to greece as it does to brexit . 
  so according to greek wisdom , the eu should condemn both kinds of propaganda with exactly the same vigor . 
  should it be 1:1 or is there some wiggle room ? 
  how does one measure such abstract quantities ? 
  i am sure you can do it , with your magical scales , being the valiant watchdog of the eu that you are , making sure they condemn things on a perfectly equal 1 to fucking 1 basis . 
  * will nobody shed a tear about the greek people ? 
  we are so oppressed !, 
  we are being slandered :'( * on a serious note , you have no points to make , therefore i ca n't dodge any . 
  your culture does not allow you to make such points . 
  you lack the capacity for reflection , as befits one of our kind . 
  one day you will realize that its not everyone else that is corrupt ( the eu , the usa , merkel , junker , etc , the list is endless ) that is corrupt but that you , or rather , what you represent , that is the problem .
