  the idea of a national unity is a joke . 
  a brit living in wales has absolutely no problem fucking over his own british people . 
  not even a second thought . 
  he just does it anyway . 
  why ? 
  because `` too many muslims '' . 
  and that is the actual reason . 
   there were a lot of brits who voted to remain , tarring them all with the same brush is a bit low . 
  its also been apparent from the outset that the `` leave '' politicians relied heavily on scaremongering and lies , so many leave voters were misled , by politicians . 
  the voters possessed functioning brains as much as anyone . 
  they also had access to literally a world of information . 
  no excuses please . 
  they chose what they chose . 
   also accusing an entire nation of xenophobia/racism is a bit hypocritical when you yourself said `` the people are disgusting '' . 
  its like you ca n't say anything in this sub without someone complaining about imaginary accusations of racism the referendum was about immigration , we all know this , and we were all repeatedly told that its not racist to want to control immigration now you are telling me that it is a racist thing ? 
  sorry i watch too much youtube, 
   i 'm saying cyprus is racially south european . 
  `` european '' is a racial make-up that europeans do share allright one last time . 
  who told you that ? 
  did you have your dna tested or something ? 
  well there is this thing called democracy and i am sorry if its offensive but if 52 % of greeks voted to deport albanians immigrants/citizens of albanian origin , i would be saying the exact same thing . 
  you let this happen , one way or another , you are accountable, 
   poof , done ~ ~ yeah ~ ~ no , politics does n't really work this way . 
  its not like a computer game like civilization where you click on a `` yes '' button and everyone agrees what you proposed may be actually impossible , because it contradicts the freedom of movement principle , but may also be possible if the uk shells a shitload of money or some other concessions ( which will have to be massive ) , so nobody knows especially not now when farage and the buffoon are nowhere to be seen . 
  whether you like it or not these people are bargaining chips and their life is in turmoil since their future is uncertain . 
  that is a fact not an opinion, 
   well for fuck 's sake gisela , why did n't you think about this before campaigning to leave ? 
  pretending that this is a surprise is `` deeply , deeply offensive '' . 
  i like how that human shaped turd called stuart ( a fucking german immigrant herself , the hypocrisy is insane ) is blaming the government for this . 
  how about addressing the people , who , you know , are actually responsible for this ? 
  the british people gambled the livelihoods of millions of people . 
  something that is indeed `` deeply , deeply offensive '' in its political cynicism . 
  and i 'm not talking about the millions of european citizens living in the uk ; we 've already established that the brits do n't give a fuck about them and would rather deport them . 
  i 'm talking about * their own fucking people * that live abroad , also in scotland and northern ireland . 
  they gambled the future of their own people for the small chance that the muslims living back home will somehow ... disappear . 
  is that a fair thing to do ? 
  even if you are such a cynical person , willing to risk the future of your own people , should n't you do it when there is a good chance of you winning ? 
  and not a tiny one as there is now ? 
  sorry but its the people who are disgusting , not the politicians . 
  they do n't rule over us like despots , as popular culture would have us believe . 
  politicians are increasingly pressured to bow down to popular demands , and it is these demands that are fundamentally indecent , not the politicians themselves . 
   racially you are still claiming that you are racially european , so i do n't see the point of your reply tell me , who told you that you are a `` european race '' ? 
  no mate , i take it you did n't tread the daily express ? 
  europe is a totalitarian ussr-like superstate where brussels is forcing everyone to adopt a new anti-white culture . 
  we do n't have our own traditions anymore . 
  our legal systems are `` whatever junker decides this morning '' . 
  its only the brits who are different . 
  you can tell by observing their tourists . 
  truly a distinct people, 
  have you guys gone full retard ? 
  what the hell is `` racially european '' ? 
  i mean is there a committee that checks your dna and gives you a certificate of europeaness ? 
   but weirdly , the anger instead of turning into anti-eu feelings , turned into pro-eu feelings . 
  most people are simply much more likely to trust '' unelected eu bureaucrats '' , with what is best for them , then our own elected officials . 
  why is that weird ? 
  i feel the same way . 
  our elected officials ( and the people who elect them ) fucked everything up i think i 'm gon na take my chances with these `` unelected eu bureaucrats '', 
   neither is every person with national identity a `` nationalist '' but still they 're labelled like that in such pieces . 
  no , nationalists are labelled as nationalists . 
  not every person with an identity  cultural marxism is a legitimate ideology lol . 
  here is a quote i find 100 % accurate  cultural marxism refers to two things :  first , extremely rarely , `` cultural marxism '' refers to the application of marxist ideology and/or critical theory to social sciences . 
   second , `` cultural marxism '' is a snarl word used to red-bait anyone with progressive tendencies . 
  the term alludes to a conspiracy theory in which sinister left-wingers have infiltrated media , academia , and science and are engaged in a decades - or centuries-long plot to undermine western culture . 
   i believe that the `` european '' identity exists in some offices and palaces but not really amongst the people . 
  that is great , i feel the same way about nationalists , fringe extremists who want to force everyone to conform to their worldview, 
   ok , so how should i call these people if you 're considering every of these labels as offensive ? 
  its not offensive , its just a wrong term , i do n't think anyone who is not a nationalist is automatically an `` internationalist ''  very funny but this is no secret and that 's what the article is about , pushing back `` nationalism '' , no idea why are you pretending that there 's no such policy or ideology promoted again , not being a nationalist does not make you a shady globalist cultural marxist  how am i disrespecting the `` european '' identity ? 
  i 'm not demanding or asking for respect for my identity , i just say that ignoring reality is foolish and creating alternative does n't work , is utopist . 
  your first post was a demand for respect . 
  * hurr durr these people are not taking us seriously !, 
  they do n't listen !, 
  * the identity exists whether you like it or not . 
  if you do n't want to respect that its your right . 
  you are free to disrespect the shit out of it . 
  i 'm just saying , if people are against your identity , do n't be surprised, 
   'm merely referring to the opinion polls , elections and referendums but anyway yeah anyway , because you are not referring to anything  what internationalists are complaining about are just regular people that goes both ways . 
  first of all these people you call `` internationalists '' are anything but that , point is that they are normal people like you and me and not some kind of `` cultural marxist intellectual elites '' but your side is poised to label each and every non-nationalist as part of that `` cultural marxist '' conspiracy  ... it 's not like i have emotional relation to the `` european '' identity , it 's just non existing , artificial and non issue . 
  it 's just another failed internationalist engineering . 
  people say the same thing about your identity and you get mad here is an idea : its ok to disagree with an identity , but try to respect it anyway . 
  if you ca n't even respect it , that is also ok , but do n't walk around * demanding * respect for your * own * identity , that is just ignorant, 
  i hate to say this but he has a point : it 's way too early to tell . 
  it 's been like a week and while politically the uk is in chaos , economically its not that bad . 
  the ftse100 is doing better than usual , which is weird . 
  people should n't reach any hasty conclusions yet . 
   but they wants to fight against the `` nationalists '' or rather the common people no really . 
  two things : * nobody is fighting against you . 
  you are free to live any way you want . 
  * again , you do n't speak for behalf the `` common people '' . 
  that is a very conceited position to take and of course your utter disdain for identities you do n't like ( i.e. 
  the european one ) demonstrates your hypocrisy beautifully : you dismiss any identity you dislike and angrily demand everyone else adopts yours, 
  just like when the latest economic crisis hit , people were like `` but that was not real capitalism '', 
   stop fighting the people , start listening to them . 
  really your biggest hubris is that you think you represent `` the people '' not everyone wants to return to some old school kind of nationalist way of life of course , many people do , and they are 100 % free to live any way they like , just as their parents . 
  you are free to have any kind of family you like , go to any church you like , celebrate the events you like etc. 
  so not only are you complaining about a problem that literally does not exist , you are also excluding vast numbers of people that do not share your nationalistic views ... as if they are not `` the people '' too ... 
  these is a lot of frustration in your post , something that is sadly common . 
  i 'll try to be brief by focusing on the important parts :  and most people ca n't , and this is why we ca n't hire good people . 
  we 're not some dark cabal of programmers , it 's not hazing , we actually need you to be able to do this shit . 
  that is perfectly fine . 
  if that is what you need , that is what you need .
