  the jews you mentioned , they were indeed higher in this `` hierarchy '' . 
  and so on . 
  but listen , it was your own comment that started this , so if you are saying that i misunderstood you ... then that pretty much settles it . 
  i have no reason to doubt a random stranger 's intentions . 
  this is a pretty good discussion , better than i expected ( considering the previous posts and articles mentioned ) so i am not looking to pick a fight . 
   id say that barring small amounts of racism , social exclusion and inequality in economic opportunity , they are n't very oppressed at all , even for current day standards . 
  well when i said `` more '' i meant relative to the native population . 
  i do n't think this fact * in itself * is controversial . 
  that is how inequality works , its always relative , only in that sense does it affect people psychologically . 
  people deal with this fact in different ways ( like the examples you mentioned ) and there lies the controversy . 
  well , not really , its not really controversial anymore ... whatever excuses they were granted are rapidly evaporating ... this discussion is proof of it . 
   every place on earth was at some point oppressed . 
  we are all victims . 
  i think it kind of implies it ? 
  if its clear that oppression is not equal and indeed some folks ( like muslim immigrants ) have been oppressed more , then my post was wrong . 
  still does n't excuse terrorism , just to make it clear . 
  i hope that is clear by now . 
  sure , if you have anything in particular to recommend , i 'd like to read it, 
  somebody took a picture with a hijacker strapped with ( fake ) explosives , and people are discussing the semantics of photography ah , reddit, 
  well , banning criticism means you throw people in jail cells , i guess . 
  if you can . 
  your post reminded me of greek culture , which is why i responded . 
  we are also honor/insult driven , never admit mistakes , make excuses about our own crimes , etc. 
  its just that we sucked on the tit of europe/west enough to become civilized , or rather , neutered . 
  for what its worth , from the little i know , i do n't think turkish culture is problematic in that sense because erdogan 's is typical ultra manly behavior that all males exhibit around the fucking planet , when there are no structures ( like the eu ) to contain them but of course you would know better , i 'm not insisting, 
  obviously the argument is ridiculous but pretending that all nations have suffered the same is crossing over to the other ( i.e. 
  ridiculous cultural relativist ) side . 
  the usa or better the uk , via the british empire , have been far less `` oppressed '' than others . 
  every rational person understands this , just as every rational person understands that its 100 % inexcusable to kill civilians in belgium of 2016 , because of old injustices perpetrated by people that are long gone , dead and burried . 
  so yeah tl/dr yes the victimhood excuse does not fly anymore , no not all people have been through the same shit in their collective existence . 
  no offence but i think you are overthinking this people in charge do n't like criticism . 
  if they can ban it , they will . 
  its not something exclusive to turkish culture, 
  i 'm sure hitler waved to some people too , as he was being driven to the reichstag, 
  i do n't get your comment then . 
  nobody called anyone a racist , yet you still complain about it . 
  you seem to be annoyed that they get to do anything they like , as if they were lucky to be attacked by terrorists . 
  i think you left out the parts that are the actual complaining . 
  it seems like nobody should complain about being oppressed ... except the anti-immigrant crowd . 
  if they do it its cool . 
  dude you have your article and a very open discussion around it . 
  nobody is banning or calling anyone a racist . 
  everything is cool . 
  can you please stop complaining ? 
  you know , if there is no drama , you do n't have to create it . 
  if gender equality gets hijacked , the its the hijackers that are the problem and not gender equality itself . 
  though personally i think this hijacking is rare , usually we see an conservative ideological opposition to this kind of equality . 
   their content and humour was the same beforehand . 
  which is exactly the point . 
  it did n't change them . 
  if they were like `` edgy 14 year olds '' , they would have caved in . 
  man charlie hebdo does n't give the slightest fuck, 
   for religion to be a cause or factor in a war it has to be a motivator not really . 
  if the people who participate proudly self-identify ( either individually or collectively , as is the case with cameron ) as christians , then you can totally blame their religion . 
  this will sound bad , but : i think its very cheap to say `` i am a christian and this is a christian country , but when we go to war it has nothing to do with our faith , war is just politics '' . 
  this is what i am hearing from christians or their secular allies . 
  even if the war is for purely political reasons , its still a cheap excuse . 
  religion does n't work that way . 
   but the war and christianity are n't necessarily intertwined like various terrorist attacks have been with islam . 
  i agree . 
  jihadi terrorists are obviously more religiously motivated than the , say , usaf . 
  but one ca n't just shirk his or her responsibilities like that . 
  if one wants to proudly declare him or herself a christian , there are a lot of responsibilities that go with that , no matter if the jihadis are worse ( and we all agree that they are ) . 
  edit : clarity ( hopefully ! ), 
  well to be fair he did marry a cypriot woman . 
  we need to cut the guy some slack . 
  frankly i 'm surprised he did n't crash the airplane into a building or something . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  muslims have been living in greece before the usa even existed . 
  afaik the death penalty is abolished in poland , so the mufti is ( ironically ) a radical himself, 
  who would have thought that refugees fleeing a warzone would be persistent ? 
   i consider myself a pretty liberal guy , but san francisco 's politicians are too liberal for their own good honest question : would n't liberal politicians would try to take care of the homeless people ? 
  instead of leaving them to their own devices . 
  or do n't i understand sf/american politics at all ? 
  its nice of you to warn him/her , but i would n't have . 
  if someone wants to use merkel 's name to be an edgelord who trolls discussions with anti-refugee comments ... let darwinism run its course . 
   dropped bombs on syria and libya , raided pakistan , conducted drone strikes on yemen , and invaded somalia in the name of christianity . 
  i specifically mentioned that but i guess you did n't read my comment . 
  both partners chose whether sex leads to babies or not . 
  otherwise we are talking about rape or deception . 
  are we seriously discussing this ? 
  i thought we were joking , because you ca n't be serious . 
  women have delayed marrying and having children just as much as men , because it requires 2 people to marry and procreate . 
   christian countries all ignore the basic values of their religion i guess we agree then ? 
  if they are not christian countries then i would n't blame christianity . 
  if they are though , we should talk about christian attacks . 
  also it does n't matter if its done in the name of religion . 
  religion is n't something you do on weekends . 
  you do n't stop being a christian the few moments you drop bombs on people . 
  aka polish casuals against terrorism, 
  stripping away one 's citizenship is a big deal and highly controversial . 
  just consider that you can be a serial murderer and while you might get multiple life sentences , you still retain your citizenship . 
  breivik still has his citizenship , as he should . 
  afaik there are very few reasons to strip one 's citizenship . 
  on the topic of islamic extremism , you can make a case for stripping the citizenship of people who joined isis . 
  hate-speech is not a valid reason to do that . 
  many people spew hate , left , right , nazis , anarchists , whatever . 
  just put them in jail if they break the law . 
  do n't attack their legal and possibly their national identity . 
  this goes against our values and is probably a victory for the extremists .
