  that sounds undemocratic , or they would try to ban them like the npd . 
  now the cdu/spd voters could abstain , which would send a way more powerful message . 
  i understand that abstaining is controversial , so they could vote fpd or [ any other from the dozen or so political parties in germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_parties_in_germany ) . 
  now that they went full afd , no changes will occur . 
  for all intents are purposes , they are lost to the cdu/spd . 
  they wo n't try to cater to them . 
  those voters are lost causes . 
  so its more rational to assume that they always wanted to vote far-right and finally found a justification to do so ( i 'm not racist but ... we finally have too many immigrants ) . 
  if people do n't read the party program before voting then they are idiots . 
  no excuses for idiocy . 
  btw i am not sure that people do n't read the party program ... 
  i 'd say some do , some do n't . 
  we had the same thing with golden dawn in greece . 
  i heard literally the exact some argument . 
  its a protest vote , people are not * really * nazis , they are just mad , they want to protest , etc. 
  you know what ? 
  next day they reach 7 % and have 18 representatives in parliament , having a direct input on lawmaking . 
  so laws banning homosexuality and abortion might be a reality because some people were `` angry '' and wanted to protest against things that have nothing to do with said issues . 
  see what i mean ? 
  because some people were angry abortion could become illegal and the lives of thousands of women might be ruined because people were angry at immigration - an unrelated issue . 
  i mean just look at gd 's or afd 's program : they are dangerously close to what the alleged jihadi 's represent , except the name of their god is different . 
  tl/dr ; i understand agree the importance of having your voice heard . 
  how about you pick a non-far-right-wing party or just abstain ? 
  because to me these all sound like excuses for people to finally vote what they wanted to vote but were too embarrassed about it . 
  sure , i agree with most of what you are saying . 
  but the point remains , being unhappy is not an excuse to do a `` protest vote '' . 
  these people should be held responsible exactly the same way an afd hardcore ideologue is , because they contribute exactly the same way to their rise in power ( as you said , it will probably be a very short one ) . 
  you realize that the original nazis also solicited protest votes ? 
  the idea of protest voting may be dangerously stupid . 
  the people you elect have real political power . 
  i mean , you are legitimizing and supporting them , it does n't matter how you feel about voting them in - all that matters is that you do ( and you should be held responsible ) . 
  the internet rage against refugees does not accurately represent the political reality in europe . 
  you will find that extremists , whether left or right , make up most of the noise . 
  so this grand disconnect between people and their government ( and the alleged electoral revolution ) might not be as large as you think . 
  i know that some websites or forums give the appearance of society rising up in anger , but that is just internet rage , something that does not last nor has any lasting effect on politics . 
   a petition against gay marriage , not against homosexuals . 
  imagine if 1.5 million people signed a petition against christians marrying . 
  yeah , you 'd call it as being against christians . 
   assuming that everyone who opposes gay marriage does so because of religious beliefs . 
  pretty reasonable assumption . 
  its not an insult , its just a very valid assumption considering that christians are against it . 
  i mean its in their book ... 
  am i missing something here ? 
  this sounds like common sense to me . 
  its hard to believe you are serious about this , hence the sarcasm you 've received . 
  another straightforward question : is it common in america to pull of `` pranks '' like these ? 
  like impersonating a police officer while being armed with iron bars and taking peoples ' money ? 
  or is it dismissed as a silly `` prank '' because the perpetrators are of some agreeable ideological predisposition ? 
  the last question is rhetorical btw . 
  nobody is forcing you to show sympathy . 
  yes , it takes serious training to pretend to be a police officer to a third world refugee ... and rob him/her . 
  we are talking at least 10 years of secret agent training . 
  this is clearly a false flag operation orchestrated by the leftist elite . 
  i think this is totally political . 
  its not like they are doing this for the money . 
  robbing the refugees is meant to further impoverish and thus lead them to further despair . 
  so either they 'll commit robberies in response ( since they lost what little they had ) , or flee the country , or just have their lives made even shittier . 
  either scenario is something the `` activists '' would welcome . 
  especially the first scenario . 
  refugees will now be paranoid when it comes to the police , making any cooperation even more difficult . 
  this is perfect for said `` activists '' . 
  it seems fishy because right wing `` activists '' do n't do stuff like this ? 
  or , ca n't do ? 
  or , will not do ? 
  what is really so fishy about this . 
  is there some kind of deeper agenda here that needs explaining ? 
  the whole point of spewing angry anti-refugee rhetoric online is to legitimize those people as valid targets . 
  they are not real refugees ( according to the definition of `` refugee '' one 's ideology dictates ) therefore its ok to use violence against them . 
  yes ? 
   their last sentence shows that they were n't being reasonable . 
  but , again , how did they know that yougotmoxy did n't vote for a pro-brexit mp ? . 
  that is besides the point . 
   okay . 
  whatever you say . 
  thanks . 
  umm to agree with him ? 
  you do n't like what the government is doing , vote against it ( for example , in the referendum ) . 
  its a pretty reasonable response . 
  but many people think there is some kind of pan-european conspiracy to deprive the native population of their rights , thus democracy does not work , voting is only for naive people . 
  i leave it to your imagination as to what the alternatives to voting are . 
  nor is there any way to know what they assumed . 
   well yes , ~ ~ your ~ ~ you 're greek , you would ftfy . 
  if you want to offend someone based on his nationality , do it with proper grammar please !, 
  you seem so proud of your culture and your language is one of the easiest to learn ... so please do so . 
  and everything you wrote , even if correct , does not address my point . 
  your independence was economical , not some kind of awakening of national self-determination . 
  as i said nothing wrong with that ( obviously ) but lets be honest . 
  everyone shat on you for so many years ? 
  ^ wow people downvoting and insulting someone who simply suggested utilizing democracy . 
  like , voting . 
  what a terrible suggestion , right ? 
  fighting against robots with native species is not a viable strategy , just see avatar / s but seriously if people decide to make drones that can fight back , eagles wo n't stand a chance . 
  i do n't know if you realize this but britain leaving the eu is a pretty huge deal , not just for you personally but globally too . 
  we are talking about one of the world 's 5th largest economy leaving the world 's richest union , in a time of crisis . 
  i do n't know what your anti-eu politicians are telling you but no matter if you are pro or against leaving ( i respect both sides btw ) its a pretty huge deal , huge enough to influence the whole world . 
  anyway you can either accept this or continue your personal vendetta against ze germans . 
  just letting you know . 
   it goes back further than that , to 1776 when some brave souls threw off the yoke of british tyranny and started the greatest experiment in self determination and democracy the world has ever known . 
  or , they just did n't want to pay taxes . 
  nothing wrong with not wanting to pay taxes , i totally see their point , but lets call a spade a spade here .
