   the eu itself needs to show its actual accomplishments , show what the investments have done in new member states and how companies in existing member states have been able to grow because of it . 
  showing how rich some companies have become is great but i do n't think european values stop at that . 
  how about healthcare , infrastructure , education and things like that ? 
   europe needs the eu as a strong superpower on the world stage or all the smaller nations just get bullied into unfair deals by other superpowers , sadly it 's doing the opposite ( ttip ) . 
  you ca n't be a strong superpower if every country opposes brussels due to misguided angry nationalism . 
  well for a speechless person you sure seem to be saying a lot !, 
  i gave my answer in the previous post . 
  if you want to pick out a specific part and ignore the rest , that 's your choice . 
  and incompetence of greece means the repeated failure of our freely elected representatives since 1974 . 
   i am willing to contend , in earnest , that precisely because such a thing is undesirable , it is valuable for large european monetary institutions to shift the damage from themselves to the people of greece , amongst other things . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  its valuable to ... shift the damage ? 
  no , damage is not valuable even if confined to greece because its obviously more valuable to have a healthy economy that does n't destabilize anyone . 
  it would be if you told us why greece got this special treatment . 
  was it hate ? 
  dislike for our proud national heritage ? 
  mfw they vote for corruption again leading to things like the 1999 stock market crash where a ridiculous amount of money were stolen . 
  great choices . 
   i. . . am literally speechless . 
  so you really think that what is happening now is due to ... what ? 
  if no one gains from this , why is this happening ? 
  please , enlitghen me . 
  due to the financial crisis catching people unprepared . 
  literally nobody saw this coming . 
  everybody panicked and scrambled in the wake of the worst financial crisis since the great depression . 
  and due to their incompetence , they fucked up . 
  greece was more incompetent and also our economy was fake , so we got it the worst . 
  now , if you are done being speechless , maybe you can enlighten me on what is so valuable in having a destroyed economy in the midst of a destabilized eu ? 
  so you wrote all that without answering the question , only to ask it again ? 
  i am not so much offering an explanation rather than stating a fact . 
  if you have an explanation , lets hear it . 
  so no money was stolen is mismanaged before 1989 ? 
  or after 1989 , as we saw how amazing our economy has turned out . 
  if you know what the term means why are you bothering me ? 
   all right , let 's avoid generilizations like `` we cared '' or `` we did n't care '' because the fact of the matter is that some people did , others did n't and mostly nothing changed because the system was running without a hitch ( until 2008 ) . 
  you initially said `` we did n't care '' so its ok for you to generalize but not for me ? 
  there are facts here such as ~ 84 % of people voted back in the pasok glory days yet only ~ 56 % of the people vote now . 
  if you think that anyone has something to benefit from this , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  its in everyone 's best interest , including germany 's , for greece to have a prosperous and healthy economy . 
  nobody generally lends money to the population , that 's why i did n't say the greek population . 
  but you do n't just lend the money to the government itself , which is what you are implying , which is absurd . 
  and its not just one government that has mismanaged it , it has been multiple different governments 6 years now . 
  so who would keep doing this , i do n't know . 
   i disagree with one crucial aspect of this : our government is not , and has never been us . 
  greece . 
  our politicians have always notoriously been string puppets of the powers that be ( and doing a hilariously bad job at it , too ) . 
  it 's just that no one really cared when there was no financial crisis . 
  it 's called being complicit . 
  you ca n't just `` not care '' when its the future of your kids that is at stake . 
  also , we did n't care ? 
  please . 
  electoral participation rates were crazy back in the day . 
  in 1985 there were less than half as many abstentions . 
  \u03a4\u03c3\u03bf\u03b2\u03ce\u03bb\u03b1 \u03b4\u03ce\u03c3\u03c4\u03b1 \u03cc\u03bb\u03b1 / tsovola dosta ola = famous greek slogan , praising [ a corrupt pasok politician ] ( http://america.pink/dimitris-tsovolas_1265194.html ) handing them out free moeny . 
  people loved their politicians as long as they were giving them money . 
  no it is not . 
  i am my country and my people and my culture . 
  me and all the others living here . 
  and we are not being kicked out by anyone . 
  we are pushed around by panicked world powers and political traitors , so we choose to leave , obviously , those of us that do/can . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  if there is no room for you , the message is clear . 
  it was all part of the masterplan . 
  i 'm sure the germans are rich now that they lent greece all that money and are never getting them back . 
  what a great idea . 
  i mean the country of greece . 
  do n't get touchy , i did n't mean to insult our proud national heritage of history and democracy . 
  and yeah it will take many years for greece to gain the trust of the world back . 
  what did you expect ? 
  that money enabled our parents to thrive in unrealistic and inflated economical environment during the previous decades . 
  otherwise we 'd be like bulgaria or romania . 
  i agree that both parties are guilty of mismanagement . 
  we can clearly see that now . 
  why did n't any other country collapse like that ? 
  we are the worst . 
  this speaks more about our weakness to suffer any calamity that it speaks for eu 's mismanagement . 
  such things will happen again , more financial crisis will come , maybe even worse ones , and the eu will predictably fuck up again . 
  what do we do about it ? 
  as i predicted , you would stalk me and continue to harass me wherever you found any of my posts gaining a few upvotes . 
  predictable and sad . 
  anyway keep doing what it is you are doing until you get bored or something more interesting to do . 
  yes the plan to destroy our national sovereignty and our proud national culture / s i 'm sorry but in the real world , when adults lend money to other adults they expect to get them back . 
  it 's not just an unwritten moral rule but an actual written rule i.e. 
  legal obligation . 
   most of that bailout money went to german banks and loan sharks . 
  most if it went to pay back our debts or interest on our debts . 
  you know what debt is ? 
  we took that money , we spent it , and now we have to pay it back . 
  i would never lend money to greece as part of any loan to save our economy . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i am sure you personally know what each politician wants and does n't want to say , along with his or hers possible motivations . 
  reality , on the other hand , shows us a muslim mayor who freely speaks , and he makes great fucking sense as well . 
  but despite that you sure showed those pesky pc liberals who 's the boss here . 
  each comment of yours is a blow against the multi-kulti politically correct progressive brigade . 
  keep at it !, 
  it is our country 's fault . 
   yes , our past goverments are notoriously stupid , but that had nothing to do with a ) the global financial crisis of 2008 true . 
  but the whole planet was hit hard and despite the damage , most first world countries held it together . 
  it hurt them , but it did n't destroy them . 
  the reason it destroyed greece was that our economy was a house of cards , built by us .
