   b ) the decision to transfer the financial damage from the eu banks to the people of specific countries . 
  ( well , i guess this last one has shared responsibility , since greek government let it happen to its people . 
  we are less than 3 % of the eurozone 's gdp . 
  how much money do you think they can `` steal '' from us ? 
  the political and financial cost of greece 's instability far outweighs the money germans allegedly steal from us . 
  a lot of things were mismanaged but we collapsed because we simply lacked the backbone to handle such a blow . 
  so please stop pointing the finger at others and start with fixing your own house first . 
  its your own country that is kicking you out . 
  your culture , your people , your land , your society simply do n't have room for you nor want you there . 
  and this is from someone that has already left . 
  the resignation should have been presented the moment you lent the money , not when it is n't paid back . 
  i 'm greek and i 'd sooner lend a bicycle to netherlands and expect to get it back , rather than lend greek people money . 
  what were you thinking ? 
   because our government promised that our money will be returned to the last penny . 
  lol, 
  pella is n't thessaloniki . 
  they are different places ( like 100km apart ) but indeed both of them are in greece . 
  kudos for knowing thessaloniki though , i do n't know any swedish places except stockholm and ikea . 
  point taken, 
  yeah no lets not do any of that . 
  what you want [ actually happened some years ago in greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_greek_riots ) , when the police gunned down a teenager who was ( allegedly ) throwing stones at them and guess what happened ? 
  half the country burned in the worst riots ever . 
  and this was n't caused by immigrants nor had anything to do with immigration . 
  people here love to talk tough and want the police to go in rambo style and kick everyone 's ass . 
  but thankfully most police forces in the civilized world do n't share your views . 
  they are trained to apply lethal force in very specific circumstances and how to deescalate situations . 
  its a good thing that police forces are not run by / r/europe otherwise we 'd have a civil war on our hands . 
  you ca n't even read the translated article - nobody threw a fucking grenade at the police , the translated article says `` we hear the police talk about throwing hand grenades '' but somehow you managed to understand that the police was under attack by hand grenades ffs . 
  i felt the rage even before i clicked on this link , it was overpowering me and i almost downvoted the thread out of fear . 
   he has said some serious things about muslims that a non-muslim never could have said without getting in big problems due to political correctness . 
  this kind of disproves the notion that political correctness is so powerful and pervasive as you want it to be . 
  really all pc is is a scare word , used by the anti-muslim right-wing to pretend they are being victimized . 
  in reality what aboutaleb said is what every sensible person believes , no matter his religion or ideology . 
  its not a controversial opinion forced in secrecy by the pc brigade . 
  its common knowledge . 
  i agree with him 100 % and i just wish all those insane conservatives who literally want to ban a religion and deport all its adherents would `` fuck off to a place better suited for them '' along with the jihadis , because neither of them hold european values . 
  thanks for the civilized reply , which my rude comment probably did n't deserve . 
  about the irish referendums . 
  its weird to say that more referendums equal less democracy . 
  i mean no offence but its almost orwellian : its so undemocratic to be asked twice about something !, 
  what happened was people were very confused regarding the lisbon treaty , so they voted no ( [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/flash/fl_265_en.pdf ) ) . 
  rightfully so . 
  i would 've probably done the same thing . 
  what happened was regenotiation : changing the text to make it more understandable and giving ireland specific guarantees . 
  people had time and access to more information . 
  this is n't a bad thing , if one considers that debate and deliberation are good things for democracy . 
  more importantly , the turnover was higher the second time around . 
  more people were invested into it . 
  this ca n't be a bad thing . 
  finally , its very condescending towards the people of ireland to say that , by asking them twice , their minds were changed . 
  i mean what kind of idiots live in ireland ? 
  you can force them to do things by asking them twice ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  personally , if somebody asked me twice , it would only strengthen my opinion . 
  even if my answer was originally i yes , i might be inclined to vote no if i suspected foul play . 
  anyway i do n't want this to sound like a rant . 
  i promise its not one . 
  i 'm just presenting an alternative viewpoint to that which says that you can redo referendums until you get them right . 
   it 's not as if there has n't been previous form though . 
  i think this illustrates some unwarranted cynicism . 
  it seems to pervade the anti-eu camp . 
  i am not talking about you personally , its just an example , so no offence meant . 
  but this level of cynicism is unhealthy as we saw with the dutch referendum , were people usurped the purpose of the referendum only give the middle finger to brussels . 
  no i 'm not butthurt ( though i 'm sure it sounds like it ) so have it your way . 
  you won . 
  but please expect the same thing from my side . 
  the moment there is a eu referendum you better believe that we will cynically utilize it to show pro-eu support while ignoring its actual purpose . 
  the people who are mad at this , are the same people who would scream in rage about `` false rape accusations '' done by men-hating feminists . 
  but now there are muslims involved , so that narrative does not apply anymore . 
  dude its mostly redditors . 
  they do n't represent the continent . 
  in fact , its not even redditors per se , its a small subset of them brigading from specific subs ( no need to name them , we all know which subs they are ) in order to push their agenda . 
  once the refugee crisis simmers down , those morons will go back to hating romanians or bulgarians or whatever the fuck is fashionable to hate that year . 
  so shitty subs aside , europe is awesome . 
  a lot of butthurt uk posters itt . 
  i understand many of you hate the eu but try to get angry at actual news and not at misleading titles . 
  was that sarcasm, 
  what do you mean confused transgender people ? 
  confused as to what kind of heels they should year or ... ? 
  anyway its pretty sad that we have reduced political correctness to allowing people to wear whatever they want in public . 
  ironically , banning offensive articles of clothing ** worn in public ** is the epitome of political correctness . 
  there are so many good reason to ban the niqab in schools , in government , in public services , police and hospitals and what have you . 
  but this is the mall we are talking about . 
  a mall . 
  personally i ca n't tell you how many times i was subject to attacks ( verbal and physical ) because people took offence at the heavy metal appearance i had back in the day . 
  anyway i 'm not a semi-militant atheist , i am an actual militant atheist , but even i need to draw the line somewhere . 
  that somewhere is people taking a walk in the mall . 
  that is the actual line . 
  disclaimer : nobody called you a racist or a nazi . 
  just making it clear for future reference . 
  and you are the same person who is complaining about political correctness ? 
  * stop limiting my freedom of speech !, 
  political correctness has gone mad !, 
  but are you wearing something i do n't like ? 
  i 'm so fucking angry and you should go to jail !, 
  * by the way i agree that the niqab should n't be worn in public schools , universities or government buildings . 
  but this is a couple taking a walk in the mall ffs . 
   it 's not inconvenient , it 's just incomprehensible . 
  as the most irreligious society on the planet , i do n't really understand what religious identity even is . 
  i just know that it 's not a necessary part of ethnic identity , because we have the latter but not the former .
