  also i read the article and i saw that there exists an american town called ypsilanti ? 
  wtf . 
  can they even pronounce it ? 
  i think our friend zoolbarian is talking about the so-called `` strong ai '' . 
  which , i think , can only be achieved by neural nets . 
   you can be wrong on your own interest as well . 
  such is life . 
  sure , but my point was that you can determine your self-interest . 
  you can figure it out . 
  but our collective self-interest ? 
  that seems to be literally impossible . 
   in most civilized countries , our representatives do . 
  which is pretty similar when we elect them . 
  true . 
  i have not encountered an example such as yours . 
  it would be interesting to find out , but i 'd have to go through the records of the greek parliament and who wants to do that . 
   in many cases you can reasonably assume you wo n't end up there depends on who you are . 
  for me and many greek people , it is very much a possibility . 
  but it might be a possibility for everyone , not just greeks . 
  you are gon na live what , like 5 more decades ? 
  6 if you are healthy , 7 if you are young and healthy . 
  chances are , you will suffer another financial crisis during these decades . 
  maybe more than one . 
  such is capitalism . 
  you might end desperate for work despite your education and experience . 
   empathy does exist , even if it is not necessarily a driving force of our society . 
  amen to that !, 
  i think it is an uncommon worry , but i hope you are right and i am wrong . 
  also , it kind of is unprecedented . 
  i am not sure if anyone is paying attention . 
  what is the next country that faces serious problem with climate change ? 
  syria is a done deal but what about the next one ... are we even talking to them ? 
   dlc-type democrats is being democrat a dlc now ? 
  tbh i would n't pay more than 10 cents for that but seriously , my point was not that clinton is a `` popular '' politician . 
  even typing that feels wrong . 
  i am arguing against the notion that they were out of touch with the common man . 
  this opinion is endlessly parroted on reddit and usually receives gold . 
  you know , the `` hurr durr liberals are so smug and out of touch '' trope . 
  not true . 
  if you win the popular vote , even by a small margin , you ca n't be out of touch . 
  you might still suck ( as hillary did ) but you are definitely not in any fucking ivory tower as the altzis claim, 
   seems to me you are doing exactly what you are accusing op of doing . 
  nope . 
  i can prove it to you . 
  let 's assume i got it wrong and indeed people disagree with her . 
  i can accept that . 
  but that does not prove that she is a `` political elite '' who is `` out of tune with society '' . 
  it means she fucked up on one issue . 
  the accusations you guys are making , and the language you are using , are really out of scope for a normal discussion . 
  all this reads like the shitty political pamphlets i read during my college days , the ones angsty/edgy young dudes wrote and distributed to convert people to their cause . 
  yeah man , in an alternative timeline everything goes according to your grand plan reality is more tricky though : /, 
   this is obviously a hard question . 
  but sometimes it is possible to agree on an answer . 
  we can agree on anything you want , but it wo n't make it true . 
   i do n't know about that . 
  in fact i 'm pretty sure it happened already many times . 
  whenever a law is passed that benefits a few , for a small compromise on many . 
  we do n't vote on laws , though . 
  so that is not a good example . 
  even if we voted on laws , hypothetically speaking , we do n't know what motivates people to vote the way they do . 
  i 'd vote for regulations on the workspace environment even if it cost me as a consumer . 
  why ? 
  selfish reasons : i might end up doing manual labor so i 'd want these safety regulations . 
  it is like a safety net to me and costs very little . 
   that doesnt mean every billioner is a political elite ... no , only the ones you disagree with, 
  nobody said he was . 
  i imagine it was people like farage , like a lot of angry anti-eu people that frequent this sub , that op was talking about . 
  lol what kind of scientist are you . 
  a political one perhaps ? 
  well you can repeat it as often as you like but it does n't make it true . 
  trump is a billionaire republican . 
  more people voted for clinton than him . 
  calling these people `` establishment '' or `` liberal elites '' is disgusting . 
  really speaks volumes about the hypocrisy of the right . 
  i wonder , when will you accept that germany wo n't be a third world nation ? 
  what is your criteria ? 
  if anything , they are moving towards the opposite direction , by every metric . 
  so what if germany does * not * end up a third world country ? 
  will you change your views ? 
  lol i totally misread your comment . 
  lets forget about it, 
   you just have this weird idea that any country or people who want something different from yourself must have either a massive ego or are doing it out of spite . 
  what a weird idea !, 
  i mean , have you ever listened to farage speaking ? 
  that 's interesting but i am not sure if we have the data to back it up . 
  my point was to argue against the notion that its `` people '' vs `` establishment '' . 
  it is not . 
  it is people vs people , as always . 
   not if we could somehow prevent that . 
  i do n't think so . 
  even if we had the technology , it would be silly because that 's 5 billion years in the future . 
  my view is that the hysteria about some issues is inversely proportional to their impact . 
  it is almost as if we humans care more about vague abstract ideas ( clash of civilizations ! ), 
  than the real problems we face in our daily lives . 
  ca n't tell you how many fucking times i 've heard that our civilization will end . 
  of all these times , only one ( 1 ) was an actual and valid thread : climate change . 
  pretty ironic that the same morons who talk about the collapse of civilization due to refugees are the same people who deny climate change exists . 
  tl/dr ; we are truly fucked as a species . 
  do you realize the aegean sea is made out of water ? 
  we do n't call it a `` sea '' for shits and giggles .
