  complaints about unfairness and mean liberals calling you names etc. 
  you do n't realize that this is how democracy works . 
  nobody is obliged to take you seriously . 
  people can and should mock and dismiss you . 
  this is how freedom of speech feels like , it means being insulted every single day . 
  personally i 'm used to it and you will get used to it too , whether you like it or not . 
  so anyway on that basis i am asking for something concrete , and you give me long-winded posts . 
  who persecuted these users ? 
  it is a simple question and i would have expected an answer by now , it must be the 10th time i ask this . 
  it 's called a `` rhetorical '' question . 
  and i wanted to know how called these two users `` racist '' . 
  i doubt kuzu did it . 
  denk seems to be a small party that is nowhere near dominating dutch politics and thus `` persecuting '' people , directly or indirectly . 
  so here is another rhteoric question : can you please not move the goalposts ? 
   so no , it was not a pm , just leftist hardliners getting more airtime on public networks denouncing our western culture and putting most of our history in the slavery basket . 
  i know , how dare these leftists speak their mind ? 
  the media should never cover traitors , right ? 
  i do n't know who giel beelen is but thanks for lawyering up and defending the other two users . 
  but i would be more interested to know who constantly accused them of racism ? 
   this is exactly what happens when you manage to convince a population that safety is the most important thing in the world it kind of is for most people have you heard of the refugee crisis ? 
  for example , people in poland refuse to accept a single refugee because of the astronomically small chance that a terrorist attack will happen people are afraid of everything . 
  fear drives politics . 
  fear and anger, 
   but his election highlights a bunch of pissed off voters can change things . 
  it remains to be seen how things will change, 
  who did he call a racist and how did he deny common sense ? 
  the users before you complained that they were labeled racists , somehow i doubt that mr. kuzu sent them a pm . 
  what is there to take seriously ? 
  if you want any real change , you have to vote in your man to do it . 
  because just as you ignore or dismiss any progressive ideas , they do the same to you . 
  it 's only natural . 
  yeah i understood that , but i want to see one of these millions of evil liberals who call you `` racists '' you have been complaining about it for months and there literally none of them to be seen, 
  not quite , trump suddenly makes a certain kind of rhetoric politically beneficial . 
  talking this way brings you votes . 
  this is what politicians have always done . 
   now that the global order has been shaken by brexit and trump they 're suddenly all ears . 
  do n't do have any shame ? 
  what i find amazing is that you managed to complain both times . 
  they do n't take us seriously ? 
  shame !, 
  they take us seriously ? 
  shame !, 
  which people ? 
   because if leaving causes ( lasting ) problems that speaks well of it . 
  but if it 's just endless bureaucratic nonsense and at the end you 're still bound to certain obligations then doesnt that prove eurosceptic arguments right ? 
  that the eu doesnt take no to mean no ? 
  cameron broke his promise when he did n't trigger a50 immediately after the referendum . 
  theresa may seems more intent on doing it but still has n't given the world any useful information . 
  so blame the inept british government . 
  but , as usual , it is the eu ( and refugees ) that get all the flak for the failures of national governments ( the uk ) . 
  in fact , i expect you to do the same about greece , i 've noticed the fanatical anti-eu ideologues always mention greece when cornered ... 
   they only care about the numbers coming in a more theoretical sense . 
  this must be the weirdest explanation you realize these people are not theoretical ? 
  they are not just numbers in a piece of paper but represent actual human beings like the poster you replied to, 
  you say `` we '' but just above another brit says he has no problem with immigrants, 
   history teaches us that every attempt to centralize europe has n't gone so well . 
  the eu is novel and nobody attempted anything like it before . 
  fair enough , but you have to remember that your view is a minority . 
  no , when external borders are n't enforced , you need to enforce external borders . 
  seems pretty straightforward , unless you have an agenda, 
  only when the reals do not conflict with your views  unemployment at 11-year low despite brexit fears, 
   if the eurozone falls apart , then in the long run the prognosis for your country is much better i am sick and tired of these experts man . 
  and i do n't think lying to reach your goal is a good strategy . 
  but it seems political cynicism is becoming acceptable in the mainstream , so we might end up just the same . 
   as we move towards our exciting new future with brexit , it is important to show the world that the uk is really open to business and keen to attract the best talent from around the globe . 
  i know you mean this in a good way but foreigners have a very different view . 
  it is good to listen so that you do n't get surprised some years down the line . 
  i do n't think anyone is complaining that geography will change, 
   and debate it in a way in which they previously have n't this much is true . 
  i mean , before you , nobody lied to the public about # 350m to be spent on their national healthcare . 
  i ca n't wait to have a greek referendum where greeks are promised 350m drachmas if they just vote to leave the eu . 
  but then again 350m drachmas will be around $ 5 due to inflation so they might actually deliver on that promise, 
   that said , if any americans who lack those social assets are looking on , the above is not intended as serious . ), 
  not an american but i thought your post was 100 % serious . 
  i 've seen crazier things here and they were upvoted too, 
   which is frowned upon today well , if there is something recent events have taught us , is that what is `` frowned up '' today might be presented to us as a `` necessary evil '' tomorrow, 
  i am sorry if my post seemed angry to you , i did n't mean to scare you man . 
  i 'll try to be more kind . 
   that is a pretty bad strawman . 
  i never talked about liberals , not did i talk about getting censored well i remember reading you before and your post history has a lot of comments complaining that people are shamed and bullied by being labeled as `` racist '' :  the cry from the anti-brexiter saying the people wanting brexit are racist / xenophobic and  these kinds of articles are n't generally pushed to push the narrative that polacks are victimised but rather than anti-immigration british are racist . 
  works the same in every country . 
  and  the constant call of people saying if you vote for her you are extremely racist xenophobic or whatever is extremely unnacceptable at the time will also surely help . 
  and  they will just dismiss anything they say and any close belief as `` racist , fachist '' . 
  i can keep going but it is clear what your views are . 
  also i did n't mean to offend or attack you ; i did not criticize your narrative , i just stated what it is . 
  your posts are more importantly ,  not really , all i thought about was how do we start getting people to start thinking about the problem . 
  people have been thinking about this `` problem '' for decades now . 
  i assumed you where one of these people since you seem very concerned about it . 
  i did n't mean to offend you since i was n't accusing you of anything bad . 
  anyway the point is that we 've heard nothing remotely close to a sensible solution despite * people * thinking about the problem [ since like forever ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) . 
  disclaimer : i did not imply that you are a racist , sexist , misogynist , masculinist , homophone or arachnophobe . 
  i wish reddit had a way to add this disclaimer to all posts , we would avoid a lot of complaining ... 
  and if europe had not been so criminally nationalist before the 60s , we would n't have this pro-multiculturalism to begin with . 
  funny how things work out in the end, 
  reality is political correctness now, 
   then we will be able to start thinking about how the problem could be fixed well , you spent so many years thinking about the problem . 
  i would expect you to have some solutions by now instead all we hear is `` the liberals do n't let us talk about it '' . 
  well go ahead and talk ? 
  like maybe if you spent less time complaining that your democratic rights are being brutally violated and more time actually talking about the problem we 'd get somehwere, 
   relating the two does n't address the pressing matter at hand the pressing matter is how to get more support for his ideology can you imagine politicians talking only about poverty and crime ?
