  so , do n't expect people to view the uk as they once did . 
  not quite . 
  a big part of the sentiment behind brexit was for the eu to collapse . 
  farage is parading all over the world promoting the destruction of the eu . 
  the anti-eu forces transcend national lines , which is both ironic and scary . 
  at which point do you guys sit down , take a deep breath , and think `` maybe we overdid this ? '' . 
  we are not at war . 
  if you want to leave , fine , but i do n't see why i should have to be affected because the brits had a hissy fit . 
  we did n't wrong you . 
  your problems are between yourselves and your politicians . 
  so get a grip before it is too late . 
  i never understood this ideological hatred against the eu . 
  farage is still campaigning to bring down the eu . 
  it is like we are at war or something . 
  i guess for the uk to function , you really need an enemy do n't you ? 
  my concern is , who are you going to blame for your problems if you are not part of the eu ? 
  lol it sounds like the journalist is bragging . 
  * we fucking destroyed these ducks did n't we ? 
  190,000 killed and on a saturday too *, 
  why would n't he ? 
  it works great, 
  in all honesty , i feel the same way about our own politicians and voters ... after brexit and trump , i expect way less of people, 
  nice post but needs more drama, 
  well you are more optimistic than i am . 
  my own personal experiences and , more importantly , recent events indicate that this `` secularism '' thing might be a big echo chamber, 
  well i 'm sorry if that is the case man . 
  people have succesfully created a safe space here , or more like an echo chamber . 
  if we were to have a proper discussion , there should be muslim women ( or at least a muslim dude ) giving their own perspective . 
  anyway , hang in there man . 
  do n't fear the downvotes . 
  if you want to post , someone will appreciate it , even if you get downvoted . 
  that is a very low standard . 
  if not acting like jesus means you are not a christian , then literally nobody is a christian . 
  i do n't get the question ... 
  i guess i would think `` its too fucking hot to wear a headscarf all day '', 
  that does n't make sense because , by your own definition the usa should be just as secular since your religions  stay out of the courthouse . 
  and that sounds kind of shallow , as a definition i mean . 
  you are not secular if your country is run by people guided by religious principles . 
  that is secularism only in theory . 
  if europe had an actual secular tradition then these politicians would openly talk about keeping their metaphysical views separate but here they openly admit to being guided by them . 
   how the hell is this shocking ? 
  people with overt religious preferences tend to be regarded negatively in a professional work environment ? 
  maybe in your small liberal world religion is indeed frowned upon , but that is not the case for most parts of the world . 
  whether you are in europe or the me , most people are religious . 
  many feel strong about it too . 
  so our friend haniya here found herself ( dunno if she was born or immigrated ) in a continent where * most people are religious * we constantly brag about our personal freedoms * it is legal to wear a headscarf * a lot of people have no problems with you wearing a headscarf . 
  in fact , i 'd say that the overwhelming majority of people will leave you and your headscarf alone , as long as you mind your own business so this is why it is shocking . 
  also , some days ago your pm talked about how `` her strong christian faith drives her approach to life and work '' . 
  not to mention the archbishop of canterbury seemingly [ backing sharia law ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/feb/07/religion.world ) . 
  what is she supposed to think ? 
   to elaborate how is it that iranian , cypriot etc muslims have had very few problems when they prize education , dont insist on shoving religious beliefs down everyones throats ... 
  strange because i never hear them say this . 
  there must have been one or two muslim posters here but i have not seen them post recently . 
  all these discussions about integration are embarrassingly one sided . 
  * checks post history * american , trumpist , the_donald member . 
  makes sense, 
  it can go bad . 
  in greece there is no separation too , but our church is very powerful and is directly funded by our taxes . 
  you ca n't opt out . 
  so even if you are an atheist you still have to pay for the church and then be subjected to their [ medieval blasphemy laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law#greece ) . 
   ok , i get it that you do n't know much about christianity , but at least do n't say something like that . 
  it makes you come across as kind of crazy . 
  the core tenent of christianity is not `` ritual murder '' , which is basically human sacrifice . 
  not even symbolic muder , which edgy people like to claim the passover is about . 
  i guess [ christopher hitchens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by9jjsvzltw ) was crazy too . 
  having been raised christian orthodox , i agree with his points . 
  before you start typing about neckbeards , m ` ladies , fedoras , edgy teenages , etc , basically the whole angry christian litany of condescention , go watch that video . 
  it will help you to get another perspective on the matter . 
   the core tenet of christianity is that those who live righteous lives , those who dedicate their lives to the service of the needy and those less fortunate , are destined to be reborn in the glory of the judeo-christian god after they die . 
  not at all . 
  you can do all that and still be denied heaven , as you know . 
  you have to accept that human sacrifice for your good deeds to matter . 
  if you do n't know that , you are not a christian . 
   you rock on that nihilism like a rock star , son !, 
  eat it all , drink it all , lick it all , you 're a star , the world is yours !, 
  fuck the poor , fuck they dying , and fuck every other looser !, 
  this sound more appealing , right ? 
  nope . 
  you can virtue signal all day , but you are not convincing anyone that you are a good person . 
  morality is n't something you can brag about on the internet . 
   so you think the rest of europe would be fine with denmark only taking 5 atheists while you take the rest and see that as completely fair ? 
  great to know that . 
  we 'll remember that next year . 
  europe will complain anyway . 
  i am pretty sure they wo n't be fine with it . 
  but i do n't see why you suddenly decided to give a shit . 
  you generally do n't give any , so all this sound like an excuses to me . 
   are you trying to insinuate that one of the most atheistic countries in the world , secretly only likes christians ? 
  more like , favouring one religion over the other . 
  does n't mean you do n't like the rest , only that you are biased . 
  could be due to cultural reasons ? 
  does n't matter really , since you are free to take in only atheists . 
  but you do n't . 
  actions speak louder than shitposts . 
   remember when god only liked britain ? 
  yeah i think that was after he stopped liking only greece . 
  he found a new favourite, 
   yes , but seeing as the amount of atheists on the run are minimal , i do n't exactly think that would be fair . 
  i am pretty sure you can find 5 atheists . 
  these are just excuses  i 'd love to only take atheists .
