  so what do they think * bulgaria * is some random noise you make with your mouth ? 
  oh look its the pc brigade again ... just because someone has a swastika tattooed on his arm does not mean he is a nazi . 
  because there are n't many middle options . 
  the ones that advertise themselves as such are rarely `` middle '' , its just dishonest propaganda aiming to take advantage of people 's mistrust of refugees . 
  so they advertise some seemingly middle stuff going like `` hurrrrr durrrr vote for us if you do n't want 100 million refugees '' when in reality they are batshit crazy like the afd and the ukip with their climate change denial . 
  they are insane . 
  also , the notion that multiculturalism `` forced '' people to become nazis is absolutely ridiculous . 
  its probably the weakest argument in contemporary politics . 
  nobody , except the aforementioned kooks , takes it seriously . 
  yup . 
  idiots like bush want to play crusaders and we have to foot the bill . 
  an interesting amount of relativism in this thread . 
  there is no right side , its all relative after all , especially when it comes to politicians we disagree with . 
  that explains the low visibility of this thread . 
  no refugees or muslims yet . 
  yes . 
  the video offers an unrealistic view of the city . 
  its basically a fancy trailer , made to solicit tourists . 
  i personally was shocked when i first saw how ugly that place is . 
  edit : a word, 
  yes . 
  its very ironic that the muslim mena cultures they despise are so masculine . 
  you just triggered most of / r/europe . 
  not top-3 , maybe you mean bottom-3 ? 
   societies who score low on this dimension , for example , prefer to maintain time-honoured traditions and norms while viewing societal change with suspicion . 
  i am very surprised that we got a 45 . 
  how we managed to score above 10 only god ( who is greek btw ) knows . 
  this masculinity vs. femininity ( mas ) dimension is retarded and sounds like a neckbeard wrote it for his latest rpg . 
  masculinity entails a preference for heroism ? 
  its like right out of some mra/meninist blog . 
  i expect to hear this . 
  the refugee crisis . 
  not because i am condescending but because you are correct . 
  the wilkommenskultur does n't sound very conservative indeed . 
  but one non-conservative policy does not mean you change your identity . 
  she is already backtracking . 
  and i think it would be strange to expect every politician to be perfect , or rather , to tow the line perfectly . 
  again , not to say that you are wrong . 
  its just that one fuckup does n't mean you had a change of heart . 
  it sounds terrible in theory , does n't it ? 
  but in reality it seems to work . 
  germany is one of the best places to live in this planet . 
  of course there are reasons for this . 
  i would n't happily give control to any government because most of them suck . 
  but lets generalize and say that the european ones are ok , from a non-utopian perspective . 
  it 's more like cancer . 
  its part of our nature and will happen no matter what , but we need to keep it under control lest it destroys the host ( us ) . 
   like any large social group , a nation 's dominant characteristics were hard to change , which is a good thing because it ensures a large pool of individuals of the same mind who can more easily get along working together towards higher goals . 
  i hear a lot about connecting people and working all together for some great goal etc but when has this happened recently ? 
  since ww2 things have changed . 
  especially now that there are no national goals . 
  its not that you are wrong , what you describe was true for greece during ww2 , but in 2016 this rhetoric sounds dated . 
   nationalism is great way to fight not only lets say immigration crisis , but also internal problems , such as corruption , oligarchy and other things . 
  love towards country connects people , and in most of case , it can be the only thing that may connect you with your neighbour . 
  have we seen evidence for this ? 
  no offence but it sounds like speculation . 
  how do you imagine improving your nation ? 
   and then she adapted a left-wing/green policy . 
  honest question , can you give some examples ? 
  you are talking about / r/worldnews . 
  i did not know you were using this sub to complain about what is happening on another sub . 
  i , from my part , was talking about / r/europe , which is the sub we are currently in . 
   now what ? 
  i do n't know , try again ? 
   politicians are supposed to be elected by the public to lead them . 
  i would say to represent them ? 
  but that is debatable too . 
  i think most assumptions are wrong at this abstract level . 
  my point is that `` losing votes '' is n't a bad reason to do politicians to do something . 
  votes and mandates are the only language we have to talk to them . 
  on the other hand , public `` outrage '' is often manufactured and usually flimsy . 
  did n't know we were talking about a different sub . 
  plus , it would be weird if people complained in this sub about what 's happening in another sub , would n't it ? 
  btw i generally avoid / r/worldnews . 
   losing votes and especially mandates is ( sadly ) the only language most politicians understand . 
  not to sound cynical , but that 's the whole point of being a politician is n't it ? 
  can you blame someone who takes bold decisions if he or she has a massive approval rating ? 
  not really , it was an extremely minor occurrence . 
  funnily enough , i 've had people tell me that those comments were deleted , as if there was some nationalist cover up ... on the other hand , you will find many upvoted comments calling people traitors and traitorous fools . 
  its pretty clear which way this sub leans . 
  self-victimization has finally pushed it over the edge . 
  no its not . 
  life in the balkans still sucks way more than in does in the most pc multicultural neighborhood of sweden . 
  its not even comparable . 
  its just that from a distance , some people see less muslims , so they assume it must be a better country . 
  lets see you hold a referendum to support armenia or not , before acting tough, 
   there is no verbal violence , only verbal abuse , aka doing to a real human person irl and inciting to real physical violence . 
  interesting . 
  i was translating directly form greek where `` verbal violence '' is an existing term . 
  but whatever the semantics are , the concept behind them is the same . 
  it does n't matter if the people he attacks have access to facebook , or even read the things he says . 
  what matters is the harm done . 
  if someone goes around town calling me a pedophile , i can block him plugging my ears , or just stay away from him . 
  my feelings will remain intact . 
  but the damage is still done , my social life will be forever destroyed , no matter if i am offended or not . 
  that 's just an example . 
  germans have experience with this kind of thing , which is the whole point of this thread . 
  they know what the unrestricted dissemination of derogatory statements ( usually combined with misinformation and faslehoods ) leads to . 
  so its not an ideological position . 
  its based on concrete reality .
