  yet one side got so mad that they chose their president over it . 
  well done , you just elevated victim culture and identity politics to a whole new level . 
   they are coming to the market with little experience , right in competition with some imported , low education , low salary immigration . 
  strange because the uk is close to full employment . 
  the us , under obama , has drastically reduced it unemployment rate . 
  according to you , it should be the exact opposite . 
   this is nuts to dump their market when automation is gobbling up everything . 
  what is nuts is ignoring automation in order to appease the old voters who want their coal factory job back . 
  you ca n't vote to turn back time . 
  people are gon na get angry when they find out , guess who will pay for it ? 
   breitbart caught on in us because of the ridiculous thought policing . 
  please stop repeating this without any evidence to back it up . 
  it is a hollow accusation that just derails the discussion like i know this is a very popular opinion but i have to question any person that makes bold claims without any evidence . 
  where is the thought policing ? 
  i see disagreements , and people disagreeing with others are not `` thought police '' . 
  everyone has a right to disagree or even dismiss views that he or she find ridiculous . 
  it is an important right . 
  edit/disclaimer : please do n't accuse me of thought policing too . 
  i just stated that we need facts instead of feels . 
  pretty much . 
  also  they keep whining about `` political correctness '' and presenting themselves as the defenders of freedom of speech they keep whining about `` political correctness '' yet their whole argument is `` liberals are so mean to us !, 
  they label us racists ! '' . 
  they literally promote political correctness while arguing against it . 
  the cognitive dissonance is just too much . 
  it is impossible to connect with these people at any level . 
  i see what you are saying but i have to disagree . 
  we need educated citizens . 
  the west literally ca n't function without an educated citizenry . 
  i think the world has become too complex for people to make choices based on emotions or gut feelings . 
  one needs to look at the data and make rational choices , education helps with that . 
   it 's not so much political corectness than it is twisting words and concepts . 
  all religious consideration aside , someone who ressurect is not a zombie . 
  then zombie is defined by several characteristics than are not present in the christian jesus . 
  true . 
  he did not eat the flesh of others ; others ate his own flesh . 
  so maybe i should call him a reverse zombie ? 
   seriously ? 
  you and every thread about religion on / r/europe and most subreddits is rather an exemple of anti-theists wanting to put down christianity ( and often mocking christians for their `` idiocy ) as soon as it is involved . 
  you seriously lack self-awareness if you believe yourself the victim here . 
  i do n't feel like a victim because if can always satisfy my atheism boner by shitting on islam . 
  that is very acceptable here and will get me a lot of karma . 
  but do the same for christianity and you are immediately put down because `` muh culture '' . 
  so i half-agree with you . 
  honest question : why are most of your posts accusing others of not debating ? 
  are we not allowed to disagree with fn ? 
  please try to entertain the possibility that people dismiss the far-right populists because they do n't like their views . 
  if you disagree with someone , you should not be forced to give him your time or attention . 
  we all have that right and it should be respected . 
  dude !, 
  stop saying that !, 
  you are making people vote for fn !, 
  you should not say anything bad about them otherwise you are a smug liberal and thus you make people vote for them . 
  nobody knows what the issues are . 
  just like brexit . 
  one person tells you they had enough immigration and thus voted to leave , other people tell you that they have no problem with immigration and voted leave only because they were afraid of the coming federal eu superstate . 
  you hear all kinds of arguments and everyone claims he or she represents the `` real issues '' . 
  yet they are inherently contradictory . 
  its the same with trump . 
  they voted for him because globalism is destroying the proud middle class . 
  others do n't care about the economy that much , but vote based on what they perceive to be `` cultural '' issues . 
  and others do n't care about the issues but simply hate liberals . 
  the alt-right was generally of the mind that culture and identity is more important than money ; yet brannon just stated the exact opposite by claiming to be an `` economic nationalist '' . 
  this is what populists do . 
  they are all over the place . 
  they do n't have a concrete policy or ideology besides being vaguely conservative and hating `` the others '' . 
  everything else is subject to change . 
   i think not using `` zombie '' , which is a completely dishonest wording , would be a good start . 
  it would be , but i am not into political correctness . 
  the idea that a person died and then rose from the dead is absolutely ridiculous . 
  if people are offended by that simple observation , that is their problem . 
   god , why i am chanelling sisyphe again and discussing religion on / r/europe ? 
  as i said , when christianity is involved , people feel an irresistible urge to put down atheists . 
  they are not . 
  freedom of movement is fundamental to the eu . 
  you ca n't expect a continent-wide union to trample on its ideals because the brits threw a hissy fit . 
   nothing racist about that . 
  did you feel persecuted by the liberal political correct brigade ? 
  i am sorry but i did not call you a racist . 
  it was an observation . 
  i did not mean to politically persecute you nor shut you off from this * very serious * discussion we are having . 
  nor did i intend to have you fired from your job nor destroy your social life by labeling you a `` nazi '' or `` xenophobe '' or `` arachnophobe '' . 
  i am sorry . 
  please do n't vote for a far right party to punish me , good sir . 
  and regardless of your feelings towards christianity ( let me guess : you are `` not a christian , but ... '' ) poland does not have a king therefore crowning jesus as one would be just as symbolic . 
  it would n't have mattered either way . 
  bonus points of being condescending . 
  though i am not surprised , any christian idiocy here gets defended , people are dismissed as edgy neckbeards etc. 
  keep it up !, 
  who are you asking ? 
  i mean , who have you seen pushing it and how ? 
  there are these comments that talk about agendas being pushed but we never read how that happens . 
  example :  it is not an ideal that has grown from the bottom up , but rather one that has been handed down from above as a moral imperative - especially from ** those with academic degrees , city dwellers and the majority of the liberal left . 
  ** so let me get this straight , having a degree and living in a city makes you ... elite ? 
  especially if you are a liberal ? 
  we are elites now ? 
  not sure what kind of shit these people are trying to stir . 
  but i think you should pay more attention to that . 
  you wo n't convince them with this . 
  they probably think juncker is a traitor to his country and a globalist nwo shill , for daring to put the interests of europe first . 
   `` all alternative media are generally positive .
