  now i do n't know exactly how you feel self-victimization but you sure are defending such rhetoric . 
  if you ca n't disassociate disagreement with personal respect , that is not my problem , so done talking to you too . 
  you say that they have a bigger scope but that does not seem to be the case . 
  just looking at this thread , without even scrolling , i saw several people complaining that they are being called racists without such a thing being remotely close to happening . 
  this is an extremely common pattern . 
  yes i downvoted you because pretending you are being persecuted by the `` regressive left '' when there is no such thing evident is bad for the discussion . 
  it does n't mean that i hate you , or want you imprisoned , or want you dead , or anything like that . 
  i respect you but i generally downvote this derailing self-victimization . 
  i do n't know maajid nawaz 's daily schedule , so we 'll have to make due without that vital piece of information . 
  such people obviously do n't have marked influence on said public debate . 
  how do i know this ? 
  because 99/100 the issue is people complaining about being called racists that the 1/100 of the times when they are actually called racists ( and its usually justified ) . 
  so its just the usual self-victimization . 
  no , you wo n't lose your life and your job and your family if someone calls you a racist . 
  i 've been called a racist too , i 'm still here . 
  and its not weird or exceptional either ; every side uses derogatory terms against their ideological opponents . 
  right-wingers call me a traitor too . 
  its not something exclusive to the `` regressive left '' . 
  newflash ( and also tl/dr ) : people talk shit on the internet . 
  just because you get annoyed by it does not mean there is a huge media conspiracy to brand you a racist and take your family and job and home away . 
  chill out . 
  that plays a part too i guess but no , greece can control the borders with 100 % efficiency , anyobody telling you otherwise is german propaganda ... the greek state and its services have proven to be remarkably efficient after all, 
  in my life , i have heart people * complaining * about being called `` racist '' 99 times out of 100 ; its only the 1 % of the times that they were * actually * called `` racist '' and they kind of deserved it . 
  people just like to bitch and moan and complain . 
  shiba02 likes to present himself as a victim . 
  maybe its because refugee vessels way outnumber the weapons & explosive carrying vessels ? 
  was forced to leave because my parents could not support me anymore ( receiving an allowance at 24 was already degrading ) . 
  i do n't think much about my homeland because i feel we have collectively failed . 
  yet people insist on blaming others ( germans , turks , americans , whatever ) instead of accepting responsibility - and actively put down people who do as `` self-haters '' . 
  i think greece 's culture is just fundamentally broken and not fit for the 21st century . 
  yeah this time its different . 
  are you sure ? 
  that 's what everyone always says . 
  for example its very disingenuous to link refugees with locals `` scraping by '' . 
  i had to leave my country years ago because the economy was i was forced to live by `` scraping by '' . 
  no refugees back then , that was before the syrian civil war . 
  yet nobody gave a fuck about me . 
  absolutely nobody . 
  so its not as if the refugees took something away from me . 
  if they would disappear , i 'd still be in shit , just like i was before ( if i still lived there , i mean ) . 
  them disappearing would not automatically cause resources to be direct at me , this was never the case even then the economy was better 6 years ago . 
  so to pretend that foreigners had anything to do with it is utterly dishonest and a great example of the political propaganda i was talking about . 
  i 'm not the one thinking greece is under german occupation . 
  people who think our situation is equivalent to being conquered by germany need to chill , because they have no idea what that would like . 
  you 'll find that in poor countries , the local politicians are paid quite well . 
  in fact , the wealthy north-western european nations have less corruption than the poor ones . 
  this makes perfect sense and also is n't a novel concept . 
  politicians will find a way to line their pockets and since i ca n't bribe any of them , it does n't matter if they are `` local '' or `` remote '' . 
  i see what you are saying but its quite an assumption . 
  there is no reason to believe that a local politician wants the same things as me . 
  geographical or linguistic proximity does not mean we have the same goals in life . 
  maybe this was the case 1,2,3,10 + centuries ago , but not anymore . 
  we really do n't . 
  the local politician can have his own biases , just as a eu one . 
  being local does not make you somehow better . 
  lol yeah reality is a `` leftist narrative '' , what 's next ? 
  you know what they say , those who forget history are doomed to repeat it . 
  you angry anti-refugees are ready to fall into the trap : a strong politician will appear who will promise to save you from the hordes of rampaging foreigners ... and then he turn into a tyrant . 
  tl/dr do n't let reality with its `` leftist narrative '' bother you . 
  imagine if your grandparents read your comment , would n't you feel embarrassed ? 
  if you think anything you 've been through is like foreign military occupation , you are one very sheltered person . 
  he did n't do any of that , yet do n't let that prevent you in ranting against communism . 
  it take some nerve , malaka , to claim refugees have `` no goodwill '' when we greeks cheated/conned/lied our way in the eu . 
  maybe you should n't hand out collective responsibility , because its your ass in the line as well ? 
  yes . 
  thanks to the valiant efforts of the greek government ( and people , lets not forget ) to alienate everyone , we are now alone . 
  surprise fucking surprise . 
  how about we stage more anti-merkel demonstrations , that should help . 
  you were patient for five years ? 
  really ? 
  says the greek guy who basically cheated and lied his way inside the eu . 
  no , because turks . 
  you really do n't get that its impossible to send them back ? 
  after all those years ? 
  damn theodora , where have you been living all this time ? 
  so what you are saying is that the kosovo police beat up some protestors and you decided that eulex ordered it ? 
  yet in 25 august 2009 , eulex was the target of protests . 
  officers were injured and property destroyed , all in the name of `` self-determination '' . 
  your story does not add up . 
  this should teach people that in times of crisis , immigrants ( and pretty much everyone who is `` different '' ) become scapegoats . 
  the pattern is painfully obvious : politicians use the irrational fear of the masses to get elected and have special powers granted to them . 
  after that its pure horror . 
  europe was hit by the 2008 crisis , which is still being felt , and now we have a group of foreigners ready to serve as the perfect scapegoats . 
  its a recipe for disaster . 
  and its so painfully obvious what the right is doing , using the refugees to drive their own anti-eu nationalist agenda home . 
  you know exactly what he or she is talking about , yet still you sneaked you personal ideological agenda in the conversation . 
  bravo . 
  seriously communism has fuck all to do with this , but we might as well pile more shit on the hate wagon . 
  sorry but i do n't believe you . 
  do n't take it personally , its just that extraordinary claims ( eu = ussr ?! ), 
  require extraordinary evidence . 
  i think reality is `` us '' vs `` them '' in an inherent way ; its not just ideology . 
  for example there are many greek farmers and fishermen who are against the eu because they want the greek government to enrich them . 
  and greece abandoning the eu will directly impact my life in a very bad way . 
  so , as you said , everyone is out looking for himself yet i am painted as a treacherous scum because i do n't want my quality of life to go down so that some farmer can enrich himself . 
  even though we are the same people , whatever the fuck that means . 
  i guess we speak the same language ? 
  being greek i can not understand this fear people have of a eu `` superstate '' . 
  my own local government has let me down so many times , its clearly an inefficient pile of morons who do n't ( or rather ca n't ) care about me . 
  so why do they represent me `` better '' ?
