  you were cool . 
  you get some flack now , but that is approximtely 1/10th of the shit greece took and also 1/100th of the vitriol you yourselves rained own on random muslims . 
  it sucks does n't it ? 
  and guess what , it 's only gon na get worse . 
  wait until negotiations start . 
  you will be showered in vitriol , i promise you . 
  i 've been doing it ever since i arrived in this sub . 
  read my post history . 
  i shit on greece all the time . 
  so in your attempt to strike a low blow at me on the basis of my ethnicity , you ended up falling on your own stupid face . 
  a very apt metaphor for what you guys are doing to your country ( just replace greeks with muslims + poles ) . 
  yes . 
  which is why i am a very vocal critic of greece ( both gov and people ) in this sub . 
  as you might have seen , the reaction from the rest of the greeks has been vitriolic to say the least ... they used to follow me around on unrelated threads and randomly talk shit about me . 
  it 's your attitude . 
  you refuse to understand that your actions affect others . 
  half your own population , the other countries in your so-called `` united '' kingdom , and of course million of europeans who are held hostage in uncertainty because you threw a god damn hissy fit . 
  grow up . 
  and yes you can call me hitler all you like , it just goes to show how immature you are . 
  again , just predictions . 
  bad ones too . 
   there are consequences to behavior . 
  no , there are no consequences . 
  there are only predictions . 
  pretty bad ones too . 
   europe is sick and i would say terminally . 
  yeah you and the `` author '' keep saying that but there is no evidence . 
  i know you want europe to collapse because of too many gays and too many women are allowed to talk and have sex without babies ... but such is life . 
  deal with it . 
  brexit voter votes to leave `` i 'll vote however i like , you do n't have the right to critisize or even comment on it , you are literally hitler for disagreeing with my democratic choice '' uk government delays leaving `` we will leave whenever we like , you do n't have to right to ask anything of us , it 's a purely internal matter , the eu is literally hitler anyway '' you attitude is childish . 
  i think you need to be taken down a peg or two . 
  you refuse to take responsibility for your actions and i sincerely hope you pay for it . 
  and yes , spare me the whining about us hating you . 
  stop being a provocative and disrespectful twat and nobody will hate you . 
  i promise you that europeans have a lot of affection for the uk , despite your best efforts to kill said affection . 
   you have no right to speak . 
  much democracy, 
  way to miss the point ok , you ca n't be racist because moroccans are not a race . 
  got it . 
  what is depressing is that all of these are either sarcastic , ironic or just smug - except greece . 
  the greek classification is [ actually correct ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/24/greece-collecting-revenue-tax-evasion ) , unlike all the others . 
  ah this is a derivative of the genius argument we 've been seeing the last months :  i ca n't be racist against muslims because islam is n't a race lol but you ingeniously applied it to moroccans !, 
  do you understand what people mean when they say racism ? 
  do you think they are making a biological/anthropological argument ? 
  no , they are not . 
  they are referring to discrimination against people of a markedly different group a human race is a nebulous concept , owning to the huge number of differences between humans that make us unable to fit into neat little boxes . 
  human taxonomy is a mess . 
  even jews are not technically a race , so you see where i am going with this . 
  i think every educated adult should know this , yet sadly in this sub we keep hearing  i ca n't be racist against x because x is not a race which is retarded and misses the point completely, 
  paywall it does n't matter anyway . 
  if you want to take a black and white view ( nationalism = good , multiculturalism = bad ) then the solution is clearly in the middle since you asked , i do n't support `` diversity '' for its own sake . 
  i support it because it works , considering the world and the era we found ourselves into . 
  i also have experienced what a proper conservative/religious monoculture looks like ( see my flair ) and boy , that shit sucks , but that is another topic, 
  yeah , it 's `` nonsense '' not to bother others or enforce your views upon them you just proved my point, 
  how about no you do n't have to be `` diverse '' , whatever that means . 
  go to church , have 10 kids , jerk off to your flag , etc , i honestly do n't care . 
  as long as you do n't bother others . 
  this is n't about me , and i still ca n't understand your obsession to make it about me . 
  i guess i will have to block you . 
  i am sorry but i wanted technical advice i would ask for it in a very explicit way ( as i have many times , just not on reddit ) . 
   neither islamophobia nor racism , it 's generalisation lol this is coming from the guy who accused me of not knowing how to read . 
  do you even know what the english words you are reading mean ? 
  yeah its not racism , its just a tiny bit of generalisation , implying that the latter somehow excludes the former . 
  allright it seems i am not getting through to you . 
  sorry for bothering you . 
  i should have not replied at all . 
  this is wrong and somebody already corrected you . 
  imho spain is a bigger country with several distinct ethnic groups all trying to live under the same roof . 
  you are more numerous and used to a level of diversity . 
  greece is a tiny country ( and was even smaller back in the day ) that is virulently uniform in its culture . 
  there is no deviation from greekness . 
  there are no greeks of type a or greeks of type b. 
  you are either 100 % greek or a stranger . 
  so tl/dr ; our culture is uniquely exclusionary while yours does n't seem to be , at least not to the same extent . 
  maybe there are historical reasons for this but that is another discussion . 
  and i said imho so please correct me if i am wrong too . 
   and they are scared turkey joining the eu will `` islamize '' the country ? 
  yeah this bullshit is pretty transparent . 
  the brits use turkey as a scapegoat , to draw attention away from their terrible mismanagement and growing fundamentalism . 
  people downvoting you because they are upset with facts . 
  yes , it is technically a parasitic entity . 
  it is not an insult , but a fact . 
  i understand that it sounds cold or unpleasant , but many things are cold and unpleasant when it comes down to our biological functions . 
  so you admit to not knowing when something is a baby or not , but have no problem deciding anyway ? 
  you seem to have decided that its `` a few days after '' but without any reasoning behind it . 
  thanks , i never noticed . 
   nationalism has been the greatest anti-imperialist force for the last two centuries also the biggest imperialist force , since nationalists view non-nationalists in a generally hostile way . 
  your historical argument is weird . 
  do i owe it to the dead to blindly copy their ideology ? 
  my country goes back thousands of years , i 'd have to start worshiping zeus and keep slaves , since this is what people did when they fought off the persians . 
  it 's fine to be a nationalist as long as you do n't enforce it on others . 
  problem is , since its an inherently collectivist ideology , many end up trying to enforce it on others . 
  if you somehow manage to be a nationalist without demanding the rest of society to conform , then great . 
  more power to you . 
  i am sure people will somehow blame this on immigrants . 
   russian nationalism is about power and subduing others . 
  polish nationalism is about independence and freedom . 
  that is what nationalists have said to each other before they started killing everybody . 
  our nationalism is the good kind , their nationalism is the bad kind !, 
   i see globalism as a new form of imperialism .
