  in the end almost made your post seem serious but seriously tell us which countries are close to collapsing under the weight of the refugees ? 
  it 's not like you are another american who talks about europe without knowing , is it ? 
  what business deal ? 
  poland has received more eu aid than fucking greece even but take in some refugees ? 
  noooo suddently its the evil german empire, 
  thanks , good to know . 
   so , according to you there are idiot leftists , but not regressives . 
  you do n't like the word regressive and idiots it 's just to broad and none specific . 
  tell me which characterization is right for you , supreme leader ? 
  do n't act offended . 
  you were wrong and i corrected you , that 's all . 
  yes there are idiot leftists who are not regressives . 
   i 'm almost convinced that you 're willingly blind on the issue . 
  there are no regressives , you say , cause there is no proof , even though there are complete university classes that teach these bullshit . 
  which universities teach `` regressive leftism '' as part of their curriculum ? 
   and to answer your question : yes i need evidence for these claims . 
  as far as i know , nobody in syriza was offended at the halloween shit in missouri . 
   to be fair , easiest way to get karma a year ago was to shit on someone who dared to mention anything negative about islamism . 
  i highly doubt this . 
  i 've heard dozes of people complaining about that happening * now * , yet when pressed to give evidence , they always fail . 
  without a single exception . 
  it seems that people love to play victim . 
  if they ca n't do it now , then they 'll do it in an alternate past timeline . 
  not talking about you personally btw , its just that i 've heard this many times . 
  what did they say ? 
  can you ? 
  it 's the most idiotic excuse in the history of greece ( which is pretty fucking long too ) do you really think macedonians pose a threat to greece - which is quite a heavily armed country mind you - to the extent that our territorial integrity is threatened ? 
  seriously , just the fire department of any greek town could conquer macedonia in like two weeks . 
  if we are afraid of that we are either pussies or morons . 
  do n't know which is worse to be honest . 
  did the remain side do anything like this ? 
   thats like voting for hitler and then emigrating and leaving the mess behind unrelated question : do you think there were any people who did that back in the day ? 
  must have been the definition of a `` dick move '', 
   after what i 've seen it seems that british democracy on the national level is the same emotional crap leading to poor decisions that everyone else has for all their talk of uniqueness , nationalists are depressingly identical no matter their home country . 
  it 's like carbon copies . 
  same arguments , same rhetoric , same attitude , same self-righteous anger against everyone else, 
   i 'm not a nationalist , but if you 're in a crowded rowboat in a sea of people clamoring to get in , which undoubtedly will sink the boat and all already safely aboard you are not a nationalist but ... when did this happen ? 
  thank you , though i predict you 'll get downvoted to oblivion it seems that everyone likes to cry rivers about poor greece , * oh no look at how unfairly poor weak greece was treated sob sob * and all that shit . 
  it 's like the cheapest way to get karma in this sub ( after shitting on muslims , that is ), 
   not just this , greece was treated shamefully by the eu just do n't do n't fucking spread pity for my country because you want to push an agenda . 
  its degrading , both for greece but for your own dignity too, 
   i would be wrong if it was the case that not all regressives are idiots . 
  but now , since that 's not the case , i 'm correct . 
  you are still wrong because `` idiot leftists '' contains a large amount of people who are not regressive . 
  just mentally draw your venn diagram . 
  or do you want me to draw it for you ? 
   but they are a group , they share an ideology and they push an agenta . 
  you keep claiming this , but have no proof . 
  unless you are implying that the greek government shares an ideology with black yale students and that ideology is specifically `` regressive left '' . 
  if that is the case then you just topped even / r/the _ donald when it comes to conspiratorial idiocy  also , i send you 5 examples and you chose to concentrate on one . 
  i started from one at random , that 's all . 
  if you do n't read your own links , or are unable to logically parse their information , there is no sense in continuing to talk with you . 
  but i am sure you liked `` more shoving german money onto poland '' it seems to me that when you are asked to give something back , you suddenly remember to have a problem, 
  dude if you think the immigrants are the cause of your economic hardship , and by removing them everything will return to the days of yore , then you are sadly mistaken ( basically like every nationalist ever ), 
   but all regressives are idiots . 
  venn diagram , dude . 
  the regressive circle is completely inside the idiot circle . 
  which is why you should n't have used that term , since there are so many idiot leftists who are not regressives . 
  here is the thing though : you ca n't demonstrate anything . 
  bnp and eld are there , they exist as actual institutions and share some kind of nationalist ideology on the other hand , even the term `` regressive '' is made up by other people as an insult . 
  no one calls himself that . 
  by definition , its slander . 
  its not a group , its an insult . 
   but , i guess when everything fails just say that the other person 's sources do n't have merit / are biased , or whatever . 
  jesus christ you are dense . 
  did you read the report your article mentions ? 
  like the actual cve report ? 
  there is a fucking link for that report in your article . 
  did you click on it , yes or no ? 
  why do you have macedonian flair then, 
  not really you might be getting a muslim deportation , if the far-right gets its way, 
  oh shut up you are just as bad as a leftist from the greek north , i feel like i am surrounded by god damn morons . 
  * hurr durr my history this , my history that * . 
  but do you realize that your present , unlike your glorious past , is absolute shit ? 
  ... but not all idiots are regressives . 
  this is standard logical stuff that we invented dude . 
  is that your evidence for the existence of this nefarious group ? 
  maybe you should find an article that actually links the reports it refers to . 
  `` regressive left '' now becomes idiot leftists everytime i talk to you , you play football with the concepts of a discussion, 
  you actually make a good point, 
  it 's perfectly understandable to be offended . 
  what i do n't understand is why you think your feelings are so important ? 
  important enough for the whole of eu even ? 
  i mean , lets have some perspective here . 
  so your media said nothing before that ukraine referendum clusterfuck ? 
  you are hilarious , but sadly in an unintentional way, 
  i do n't disagree with most of that except your 99 % figure . 
  i 'd rather say its 99 % of the people who are affected by marketing , and maybe 1 % who is cynical enough to see what it is ( that includes me , ofc ) . 
  i mean , nobody was talking about weight or health in general . 
  but just read this thread to see that most people , yourself included , think this is some kind of appearance achievable to most women . 
  it 's not . 
  it has nothing to do with your friends or the people you know . 
  i personally know a cto of a decently sized company , does that mean everyone can be one ? 
  nope . 
  only a tiny % of the population might have a chance , and that is on a field that has very little to do with genetics even . 
  another guy just told me `` bullshit !, 
  this is totally doable !, 
  10 % to 15 % of eastern european women can be like that , with the proper preparation ! '' . 
  those are sad numbers , not even close to being representative of the whole , not to mention inflated ( more like 1 % to 1,5 % ) . 
  tl/dr ; just guys talking with their dicks .
