   spvc we need to coin this term . 
  political correctness has gone mad !, 
  just because someone is anti-semitic and xenophobic does not mean he is a nazi . 
  what 's next ? 
  soon you leftists will be telling us that denying the holocaust is far-right too !, 
   our politicians constantly suck the dick of the orthodox church join the club my orthodox brother i 'm an atheist myself but it sure seems this orthodox church has a sweet dick, 
  would you drink from that glass of coffee ? 
  i would n't , and i love frappe, 
  lets push our own personal ( unrelated ) agenda !, 
   also , do n't blame russia . 
  it 's very important to disregard the propoganda coming from western mainstream media . 
  yeah russia had nothing to do with anything . 
  crimea just magically detached itself from ukraine . 
  why is it a ridiculous argument ? 
  if ukraine collapses , the syrian refugee crisis will look like a walk in the park . 
  you are already rich , but just because you want a little bit more money , you are willing to risk it all going to shit . 
  i sincerely hope europe will not experience the results of your short-sightedness . 
  i am not dutch but i am very sorry things ended up like this for you . 
  i believe there are a lot of young ukrainians that dream of a ( perhaps european ) country without corruption , some of them literally died for it ... and the dutch told you to fuck off . 
  its sad , really . 
  i wish you the best , though it does n't seem likely . 
  yes , for real . 
  if this does n't convince you that vegetarians/vegans are fucking insane , nothing will . 
   secondly we have a large animal rights party who felt that this agreement would give the agricultural sector a unfair challenger as we have a lot of laws in place for animal rights in the agricultural sector that they thought would not be applied to ukraine . 
  notsureifserious.gif we are talking about humans here , right ? 
  the humans in ukraine ? 
  same thing happened with the [ greek referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_bailout_referendum,_2015 ) . 
  people used it to protest against the eu . 
  i liked the idea of referendums a lot , but reality is ( as usual ) disappointing . 
  lets all get together for a group hug . 
  i honestly did n't mean to accuse / u/schleder of anything . 
  i was merely making an observation on the `` politics '' of / r/europe at the moment . 
  using extremist minorities as representatives of the whole is valid * only * when talking about muslims . 
  any other case is `` clickbait '' . 
   to hate their own country . 
  to hate their own government , or the law , or the processes they put in place, 
   anyone quoting this video would be immediately declared as a racist , fascist and islam-hater . 
  who called anyone a `` fascist '' because he quoted this video ? 
  evidence ? 
   * greece : 2014 data instead of 2015 can we stop being an exception in everything please, 
  ... but think of the children, 
  if they are : deport all muslims etc. 
  if they are not : well its just an exception , isolated incident , muslims still rape at a higher % so it does n't count . 
  and if it works , can we hold people like you responsible for trying to disrupt a successful rehabilitation program ? 
  no we ca n't ( though you would totally deserve it ) because this is n't how things work . 
  i am sorry you feel this level of contempt against people who simply feel a specific way ... that does n't concern or affect you . 
  also the logic itself does not work . 
  something happened casually connected to my birth -  i should feel pride . 
  huh ? 
  why ? 
  you are merely asserting and re-asserting the point without providing some explanation . 
  is it surprising that people do n't like patriotism/nationalism if there are people who champion these values in a so bitterly condescending way ? 
  well said my friend . 
  i ca n't believe this party is denying climate change . 
  forget the refugees and immigration . 
  the civil war in syria will eventually stop and the refugee issue will be settled one way or the other . 
  whatever . 
  however climate change will stick with humanity long after syria and germany are gone . 
  climate change will fuck us in an existential way , as a species . 
  wtf is wrong with them ? 
  what an embarrassment . 
  i know that one * can * do it . 
  i can do it too if i want . 
  i guess the answer is `` satisfaction '' which you specifically mention . 
  different strokes for different folks i guess . 
   what they do n't like is that the same right to free speech that allows them to spew their bullshit also allows others to mock them , protest them and criticize them . 
  this . 
  i see it in / r/europe as well . 
  someone posts an anti-refugee viewpoint , gets upvoted , then complains that he or she is persecuted and ostracized and hunted down by the leftist intelligentsia . 
  its great that they get to freely express their opinions . 
  i respect them ( unless they call for violence ) even though i disagree . 
  why on earth do they need to complain about non-existing persecution ?!, 
  why would you be proud of something you ca n't take credit for ? 
  honest question . 
  the concept is utterly foreign to me . 
  i 'm not criticizing you , its just that i do n't get it . 
   i get that there 's the nazi history , but not all nations turned into a nazi state just because its citizens were patriotic . 
  most countries were quite insane , collectively speaking , between and during the world wars . 
  racialist policies were abound . 
  i know that [ greece was borderline fascist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4th_of_august_regime ) . 
  totally different world back then . 
   it 's disgusting that you some how can dismiss what you are born as , to think you 're some how above the building blocks of yourself . 
  dude what are you rambling on about ? 
  who are you to tell others how they should and should n't feel ? 
  it does n't affect you . 
  if you want to feel great because of the past , go ahead . 
  do n't be patronizing to others though . 
  there is no rational reason to take pride in this stuff , so its anyone 's personal choice to indulge in it or not . 
   i dont know why you feel the need to be proud of something you didnt accomplish i do n't know about other countries but i can tell you why this need exists in greece : because your life sucks . 
  maybe not your personal life per se , but your collective existence sucks . 
  if you 'd have to accept reality at face value , you 'd become depressed . 
  so you need to believe that there is something more that the shit you encounter daily . 
  ** deutsch - weizenbier ** . 
  best bier ever . 
  but birkenstocks suck . 
  do n't wear that shit please . 
  sorry it took me so long to reply , was busy . 
  my reply is shorter not because i am lazy , but because i agree with much of your post . 
   these things manifest in non state or legal level oppression . 
  you can not force people through the law to not act on these natural feelings .
