   most recent anti-globalist parties in western europe do n't seem particularly authoritarian to me , on either social or economic policies . 
  they kind of ware . 
  they are very honest in their opposition to liberalism and progressivism . 
   regarding ethnic nationalism : what 's wrong with wanting your country to remain ethnically homogeneous as it has for centuries ? 
  well how do you achieve that goal ? 
  you got 16 million people with immigrant background in germany . 
  what do you do with them ? 
  everybody goes silent when asked to explain that . 
  i hope you re the exception, 
  what is their reasonable stance ? 
  i think that word is used far too often . 
  please elaborate ? 
  maybe instead of dismissing him you should try and understand him ? 
  you can learn a lot if you are open to other people 's perspectives , instead of rejecting anything that does not sound like what you have been taught in greece . 
   precisely , have n't you ever been bullied by a majority ? 
  pretty common occurrence i 'd think . 
  disagreement is not the same as bullying . 
  but i understand this is the popular view now . 
   neither are you forced into anything within small communities . 
  enforcement takes place once one attempts to engage certain ( more so political ) subjects thus challenging locally accepted perspectives . 
  yeah you are forced . 
  i 've lived in both . 
  it is not even comparable . 
  people in rural areas are used to homogeneity and conformity . 
  if you stand out , you are crushed . 
  but people in cities generally do n't give a fuck . 
  hitler , the best antifa ever, 
   urban areas tend to create a hive-mind environment because they disagree with you ? 
  hive-minds exist in smaller , rural communities where you are forced to interact with many people . 
  social acceptance literally determines your life . 
  not so in cities . 
  you are not forced to socialize with everyone , in fact , you are free to pick and choose your circle . 
  you can live in isolation if you so desire ( i would know ) . 
  this is actually the best argument for brexit . 
   i 'm also having a hard time accepting that anyone gets to decide about ending healthy life . 
  i guess that is our difference . 
  i do n't see anything inherently valuable in life . 
  i mean i see no evidence for such a view . 
   there is also one thing that 's missing - father 's decision , but that 's completely different problem . 
  indeed . 
  that is true . 
  personally i do n't see why anyone would want a child from someone that does n't want one , but i understand it must be difficult . 
   well , okay , but this is subjectively more valuable view for you personally , it 's as far as it can get from objectivism . 
  objectivism is n't evaluating truth based on who 's saying the word , or how does he feel when saying it , but quite the opposite , it focuses simply on a question if something is true or not . 
  i do n't think you mean [ objectivism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/objectivism_\\ ( ayn_rand \\ ) ) , since that is a crazy ideology by ayn rand . 
  if you mean objectively then yes , she and the doctors can only decide what is right . 
  this is a personal issue , it is not a mathematical problem . 
  distant people having a say leads to old religious folks labeling everyone as `` sluts '' who are `` lazy '' . 
   also there 's of course this little thing , that nobody can hear the fetus opinion and his future is being decided here as well as the girls future , and somehow you 're avoiding this , pretty much core reason why i 'm thinking this way . 
  if you do n't consider fetus a human being then logical implication is that abortion is never bad , it just is . 
  and then only the girls opinion matters . 
  but if you do consider the fetus as human being , then i do n't understand this avoiding . 
  i am not avoiding it . 
  i do n't consider it a human being but let 's assume i do . 
  no human beings has the right to another human 's being body . 
  being a parasite is not a right . 
   next thing . 
  forcing someone to carry a fetus for 9 months is a lesser evil than killing a human being ( which imho starts with fertilisation and creating the unique for each person dna chain ) . 
  also , she does n't have to care for it the next 18 years . 
  she can give up her rights as a parent and have their child taken away , so that argument is simply not true . 
  well here is where the distance thing helps . 
  let 's say there were 400,000 abortions in greece . 
  we would n't be able to care of half of them . 
  why on earth should we inflict this number of unwanted people in a society ? 
  you are ruining the life of their mother and father , not to mention their own lives . 
  i do n't see any reason to do this besides ideological or religions ones . 
  just opening this massive rift in society by policing women 's bodies in order to bring forth more unwanted people . 
  if there is a lesser evil , it is certainly not this one . 
   the basis of my views are that human being starts with creation of the uniqe dna chain becouse there is n't any other point when you can point out when does the fetus start being human . 
  yes , that is your view and i respect it . 
  but i think the view of the mother is more important . 
  she has to actually has to carry the fetus in her body and also care for it the next ~ 18 years . 
  you do n't have to do anything . 
  you can write posts about how other people should and should n't behave , and then you move on with your life . 
  she has to actually do it though . 
  so i 'm sorry but her view is objectively more valuable and relevant than yours . 
  they failed though, 
   will rational discussion work on everyone ? 
  no , some people just seem allergic to logic but you have to keep trying and trying because i do n't know of another way . 
  i do n't think it works and here is why : by definition , you ca n't use logic to convince someone of the use of logic . 
  sometimes we owe it to ourselves and society to be honest . 
  i understand feelings are hurt , but i am not a saint and neither are these people . 
  fair enough but  a cbos poll from 2013 found that 75 % of poles think abortion is `` always wrong and can never be justified '' the point is still that this is what `` progress '' looks like . 
  even if you get raped , abortion is never justified . 
  you agree with that too , because you can have a healthy pregnancy even after being raped . 
  therefore the police should force you to carry and raise the kid of your rapist . 
  progress . 
   why would i get to decide ? 
  i do n't think it should be me if you do n't think it would be you , then the discussion is settled and you should abstain from these decisions . 
  not being smug , this is just the logical outcome of that statement . 
  and please correct me if i am wrong . 
   but i also do n't think it should be on a whim . 
  me neither . 
  i am not concerned about a rich singer at all . 
  i think nobody is , and also i think that the 0,0001 % of cases are not representative of society . 
  this is why i asked that question . 
  who gets to decide ? 
  can an older religious man decide if a young liberal woman is acting on a `` whim '' ? 
  i do n't trust the government - or people - enough to give them the power to put people behind bars over it . 
  the people that honestly know if its a `` whim '' is the pregnant women themselves .
