  nope . 
  i am sorry but this is totally wrong . 
  i even think its dangerous to believe this . 
  see [ my explanation here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4kmguo/how_far_is_europe_swinging_to_the_right/d3g94nv ) . 
   well if the left does n't want to deal with some issues ah , / r/europe pretending that merkel is left . 
  i think its been 10 minutes since i read that , it was long overdue ... 
  amazing that people have become so sheltered that they think a eu referendum is comparable to `` fighting for freedom '' . 
  you may be the first muslim arab to write here . 
  you are practically an endangered species . 
  so thanks for your opinion . 
  if nothing else its original , i 've never read any other post explaining arab muslims this way . 
  said every non-young person ever , since antiquitiy, 
  in a deliberately insane fashion though . 
  talking about anti-white conspiracies , pretending merkel is some kind of progressive multiculturalist , attacking the alleged `` political correctness '' of the establishment etc. 
  vague , all-encompassing , abstract conspiracies . 
  it 's all talk , nothing more . 
  what about the actual people who profit from illegal immigrants ? 
  they are ( un ) surprisingly low on the anti-foreginer 's priority list . 
  shit like `` do n't call me a racist in online forums '' is far more important . 
  this is because these local elites are well connected and employ all kinds of thugs . 
  they are hard to locate and attack . 
  softer targets are needed , like [ refugee children ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20150824/neonazis-urinate-on-children-onboard-berlin-train ) . 
  tl/dr ; people hate downards edit : nice ninja edit on your behalf . 
  i guess [ these people ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/hand-grenade-thrown-at-refugee-shelter-in-germany-in-latest-attack-on-asylum-seekers-in-wake-of-a6842221.html ) were casually carrying a grenade and used it to defend themselves against `` pool gropings '' even though there was no pool nearby and the refugees were asleep . 
  what a joke . 
  you do n't believe this shit , i do n't , nobody does , why pretend ? 
  why do they have to keep mentioning how beautiful this underage girl is ? 
  like , we get it . 
  she is a pretty girl . 
  allright . 
  but the first thing they mention about her all 3 times is how `` beautiful '' she is . 
  this sounds kind of creepy , not to mention insulting , and i bet we would n't hear the same if it was a young boy instead of a girl ... 
  true . 
  so they chose to take it out on the immigrants , which are the easier target . 
  hate runs downwards after all . 
  on the other hand , doing something about the [ corrupt elites who exploit destitute people ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/sep/01/greece-migrant-fruit-pickers-shot-they-kept-firing ) requires courage and strength . 
  these attributes are known to be lacking in the angry anti-immigrant group ; they need easier targets , like refugee shelters where families live to firebomb . 
  immigrants are imported because business owners can break the law easier . 
  they can pay them less , treat them worse , deprive them of their rights , whatever . 
  with the current anti-immigration climate , it becomes even easier , no-one will give a shit about a foreign worker being mistreated . 
  so its a win/win for the elites . 
  interesting . 
  so you are saying white ( ? ), 
  american kids bully one-on-one ? 
  or do n't bully so much ? 
  i know adults fight , i just said that they do n't do it one-on-one either . 
  at least thats the case where i grew up . 
  if you see a guy talking shit then 99 % of the times he has his buddies around the corner waiting for something to start . 
  in fact i think its a remarkable common behavior in human beings no matter your age . 
  people keep saying this here and it makes me wonder . 
  who fights one-to-one ? 
  this never happens anywhere . 
  went to a very homogenous school with no dirty immigrants , yet the bullies still bullied people in packs . 
  no one bullies alone . 
  in fact , even adults do n't often start confrontations unless they have a significant advantage , usually in numbers . 
  does n't matter where you are from . 
   government is immoral : big news it * is * big news , to anyone who is n't a radical libertarian ideologue , that is . 
  i mean people see and critisize the immoral things governments occasionally do ... but the idea that government is inherently or rather existentially immoral is n't one most people share . 
   no , i will say it is exactly the same thing . 
  as much as the government forces me into something i despise i acknowledge that it forces you the same into things you hate . 
  i do n't think you do . 
  what if i wanted to shoot some people because they wronged me , because why should the government decide the appropriate punishment ? 
  what if they are your friends or family ? 
  see we are not discussing political philosophy anymore , this is just a regression to tribalism with a fancy paintjob . 
   actually you can . 
  just leave other people alone and when they leave you alone too you have a pretty utopian society . 
  if you want you can live in a hippy commune . 
  and i can run a car shop where i take money for services . 
  and as long as you do n't tell me `` boo , you fucking capitalist , stop doing that '' and as long as i do n't tell you `` boo , fucking hippies , stop doing that '' we 'll all be fine . 
  then you can go to somalia where menthol cigarettes are not banned . 
  problem solved my friend . 
   no , it 's not a bad argument . 
  it 's the ultimate argument : by forcing me to do something you are acting immorally and can not morally justify anything that follows from this coercion . 
  let me demonstrate why its literally the worst argument . 
  i did n't agree to join any club where private property is acknowledged . 
  my membership was forced into your club . 
  i never wanted this . 
  so just because you and the government made a deal and exchanged money for a peace of land , does n't mean i should be prevented from walking there . 
  i did n't agree to any of this . 
  government had the guns and made the laws . 
  see ? 
  of course you will say that `` it 's not the same thing ! '', 
  but i did n't say it is . 
  it 's the same argument . 
  you ca n't have a society where everyone does only the things he or she wants 100 % of the time , no exceptions . 
  so we need more nuanced arguments . 
   you start a club and tell me that i 'm a member . 
  i never asked to become a member , nor can i cancel my membership . 
  i 'm just forced to be a member of your club . 
  you can apply the same logic to everything and everything will collapse . 
  for example i was forced to accept a bunch of laws too and i ca n't just cancel my membership to having the laws applying to me . 
  they apply regardless . 
  not saying you are wrong , just pointing out that it 's a bad argument since it can cheaply and inconsequentially be applied to every social interaction . 
  lol no believe me nobody in greece thinks that i 've been living in germany for some years now . 
  i should change my flair i guess ? 
   you do something about it to the best of your ability . 
  young people in croatia move en masse to ireland and germany where they can more easily earn a living with the knowledge and value they have got , i imagine a lot of greeks do so as well . 
  indeed whining brings nothing , whether you whine against or for equality . 
  whether you could get a job in another eu country depends mostly on luck . 
  do you have the necessary skills or , more importantly , are you young enough to acquire them ?
