  how slow would be ok for you ? 
  100 years ? 
  just trying to understand what the problem is  why is brits worrying about being a minority in their capital an abstract ` monoculture fetish ' , yet the concern of tibetans becoming a minority in their country is worthy of campaigns and t-shirts ? 
  i do n't know what is happening in tibet , so i ca n't help you if you are trying to make a point about progressive double standards , its not working , so try with a relevant topic and not tibet please, 
   it sounds like you 're suggesting it is immigration that got the first world to where it is today , which of course would be utterly ridiculous . 
  it sounds like you are offended by my opinions and are making up stuff to attribute to me no its not immigrants who made germany , germany ( duh ) its the modern global interconnected world and its economy that these countries rule over . 
  immigration is simply a consequence . 
  you ca n't reap the benefits of the modern world and turn to north korea at the same time , closing your borders . 
   spain and/or ireland to get sick of a union that only benefits a few and join in some kind of collective bargaining with greece against brussels . 
  tsipras tried that . 
  does n't work . 
  there is no hope . 
   this is economic warfare . 
  citizens , including those earning below median income , are being held ransom by a horrible finance system and its enablers in power . 
  implying northern countries have something to gain from greece being destroyed and bankrupt . 
  let 's stop ignoring the elephant in the room aka greece failed mostly on its own , due to decades on shitty economy and management . 
  you ca n't blame everything on foreigners . 
   you 're mimicking the usual rhetoric about how cultural shifts of this kind are the natural way of the world , and something that we 've seen time and time again through history . 
  except we have , unless you want to pretend that even uk culture has been the same in the span of a thousand years or do you want to enforce the lifestyle and culture of 1066 ad all over modern uk ? 
  i understand people questioning this `` monoculture fetish '' is n't really popular here but these are facts , not ideology . 
  i do n't care much about ideology . 
  again i understand that this is unpleasant to you but its a net benefit . 
  look at countries that have close borders and see how well they are doing . 
  on the other hand , england , sweden , germany etc are top of the world . 
  i 'm saying that it will keep happening whether we like it or not . 
  it 's a consequence of how the modern world is structured . 
  to prevent immigration completely , the whole western world would have to change at a fundamental level . 
  i do n't see it happening any time soon . 
  wow , an american communist ? 
  what 's next , are unicorns real ? 
   i wonder if in a hundred years people will look back and lament this loss of cultural heritage . 
  why are you wondering ? 
  many cultures were changed and/or lost . 
  what do you honestly think about that ? 
  i mean i get where you are coming from , but do you expect people to freeze their culture at one point in time ( since it always changes ) and keep it for all eternity ? 
  honest question . 
  it 's just sometimes i do n't understand what people expect of human societies . 
   the rest just genuinely felt like they no longer belonged in the place they had deep family roots . 
  and why are they entitled to anything different ? 
  it happens to all of us . 
  happened to me too . 
  does that mean we should blame the immigrants ? 
  as a disclaimer i am not saying that they ( or you ) are racist . 
  they are not racist . 
  but you ca n't act this way just because not everyone around you , is like you . 
  again , i agree that it sucks , i feel their frustration quite literally , but that 's life . 
  you 'll have more luck complaining against bad weather . 
   heavy metal is completely absent from our tvs ( except from one show on mad channel that is really late ) . 
  it is also largely absent from our radio programs . 
  yup . 
  sad is n't it ? 
  greek popular culture is terrible , uncreative and also kind of conservative . 
  it 's a shit show . 
  so they try to pretend that metal does n't exist . 
  it 's sad because its one of the few creative things in this country . 
  metal . 
  i am neither surprised by greece nor sweden or finland . 
  but albania ? 
  omg there are albanian metal bands . 
  now i need to seek them out and listen to them . 
  why is it infuriating ? 
  traditional or popular greek music is absolute dogshit . 
  just disgusting noise . 
  i 'd rather listen to my mother beg for mercy than ten seconds of * la\u00efko * . 
  rotting christ are of the few things that we can be proud of , as greeks . 
  but not just them . 
  we have so many great metal bands . 
  even the local/amateur ones are usually great . 
  i see . 
  well i think part of it is to blame on the internet . 
  the past ten years a large number of the population has engaged in online `` debates '' over political issues . 
  as we all know , even from this sub , this polarizes and aggravates people to a large extent . 
   the question we need to ask is whether or not we want to be the ones enjoying those fruits . 
  i hate to tell you this but you are no john galt . 
  you wo n't be a job creator , more likely you 'll be one of the people who lose their job to the machines . 
  so you might want to reconsider where your true self-interest lies . 
   global trade has only allowed asian countries ( especially china ) to grow stronger at our expense . 
  they have not grown stronger at your expense . 
  both of you entered a mutually profitable deal . 
  this is how capitalism works . 
  and , relatively speaking , if someone benefited more that would be you . 
  and its perfectly ok that you benefit from it , that is how the world works , but its very weird to pretend that they somehow harmed you ... 
   nearly half the population are now under-represented in what they want politically . 
  and if these new populist far right wingers get in power , will the rest 49 % be represented ? 
  i mean , we all know , its just a rhetorical question ... 
   for a guy who moments ago complained about things being attributed to them that were n't said you sure do like to do it to others . 
  it 's very hypocritical , you 're already treating me as if you know my exact viewpoints when i have expressed very little of what i actually think . 
  you are right and i am sorry , for whatever that is worth . 
  i should not have said that , especially not since you seem a reasonable fellow . 
  about the rest i guess we agree on most things , except what the dominant view point is about sexual assault . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree then . 
  see you around , 
   what relevance does the viewpoints of some idiots have to this ? 
  it seems you are using the actions of them to dismiss any concern about this . 
  it 's the dominant viewpoint . 
  i am just shocked at how much it changed this time around , because muslims were involved . 
  i mean the semen was not even dry on these victims , yet breitbart was going full steam with its crusade against feminism . 
  they literally could not wait . 
  it 's pretty clear that the victims are used for political gain , hence the lying and deception about the actual number . 
  and to pre-empt you , yes the left does this too .
