  that shit is banned man . 
  do n't talk it about it online or the politically correct brigade will put you in jail . 
   almost half the country voted to remain this is the funniest argument you guys like to pull out your ... hat . 
  almost half the country voted to leave too . 
  i guess if almost half the people vote for something , that means they ca n't be deceived right ? 
   libertarianism also maintains that government has a necessary role , albeit a much more limited one you are painting with a large brush here . 
  what you described is minarchism , which is a version of libertarianism and not the entirety of it . 
  many disagree . 
  a lot of famous libertarians ( have you ever heard of rothbard ? ), 
  claim that the state is unnecessary because it is inherently parasitic or rather predatory . 
   this is n't the same as anarchism which , in general , just advocates for the destruction of the state . 
  whatever you mean by anarchism , either the anarcho-capitalist strand of liberarianism or the older european workers ' movements , none of these advocate to `` just '' destroy the state . 
  i mean even the worst strand of anarchism , the [ nihilist ideas of nechayev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergey_nechayev ) , advocate against * all * authority and want pretty much everything to be voluntary . 
  they kind of are though . 
  they are blamed for literally everything , even in the rare occasions when a politicians tries to do something good . 
  do n't get me wrong i like shitting on the politicians as much as anyone , but that is the point , they are there to take the blame . 
  if only this skepticism was applied to your politicians as well, 
   mythos you should be thrown in kaiadas / s i meay ou have these amazing ales in the uk and you like that shitty fake lager ? 
  you guys built the first smartphone but ca n't build subways ? 
  no way, 
  christians labeled all other religions ( i.e. 
  pagan ) as satanic . 
  for example , the popular depiction of satan , the horned goat bro , is actually [ pan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_ ( \\ god \\ ) ), 
  yeah that 's because you are in finland if you had to live in a place where [ you ca n't even build a proper subway system because of the fucking ruins ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-21743758 ) , you 'd change your mind, 
   what type of globalization is worth wanting nobody would have that debate . 
  nobody would even ask that kind of question because its so toxic . 
  you have educated people who literally believe that the eu `` wants to destroy the concept of the family '' . 
  i 'm not even exaggerating . 
  it 's literally come down to this shit . 
   instead we got surreal load of nonsense that led to a clear decision that means something different to everyone . 
  that is the only way politics can work , it seems . 
  people do n't like facts . 
  they like surreal loads of nonsense . 
  i honestly think we are built for it , like its part of our biological makeup . 
  lol dude people just each gyros . 
  all the other shit is just advertising for greek restaurants, 
  there is a bus stop in front of that house . 
  i wonder how it is called, 
  you jest but christians tried to destroy as much classical stuff as possible , in order to forget that satanic pagan stuff i mean they could n't destroy the parthenon because they did n't have explosives , so they just converted it to a church, 
  i am so sorry . 
  do you need someone to talk to ? 
  just make sure no priests are nearby , when you are filming, 
  correct [ it was actually blown up in 1687 ] ( https://aristotleguide.wordpress.com/2012/10/12/the-destruction-of-the-parthenon/ ) but we have not forgotten ancient greece, 
  this is like a reverse godwin law, 
   but destroying history to pretend it never existed is dangerous . 
  wat it 's like half of all discussions taking place in humanity involve hitler one way or the other you think that because they tore his house down it will all be forgotten ? 
  i 'll believe it when i see it happening . 
  how does the saying go ? 
  beware of greeks bearing something ? 
   ok , so i assume you see the way the greek ethnicity is constructed as restrictive and contributing to the marginalization of greek citizens of non-greek ethnicity and that 's what you 're talking about ? 
  i do believe that but i was n't referring to it . 
  i just said that people do n't consider them to be greek . 
  whether they * should * be considered greek is a topic i tried to avoid , but it seems i failed . 
   i think you missed my point . 
  i was saying that you have such problems even in western europe which is by far the most tolerant and accepting part of the world , on average . 
  lack of marginalization does n't seem to be something that overrides other err proclivities totally . 
  tl/dr you have problems everywhere ? 
  really . 
  til . 
   well , yes , i think it 's a simple point - being the population majority in a particular area is good insurance policy . 
  it is not practical nor well-established . 
  and ok you did n't mean `` breeding '' but there does n't seem to be a non-shitty way to implement such a policy . 
   hence all the pro-minority ngos it supports , fines when it sees discrimination etc. 
  such as ? 
  up until 2013 we were n't paying any fines for `` discrimination '' . 
  i do n't know if something changed after that . 
   i do n't think they really believe that . 
  no offence but that sounds naive . 
  people can and do believe such things . 
  there is little limit to what angry religious nationalists can believe , for example `` eu law bans church bells '' , because it fits their preconceived worldview perfectly . 
   then what was your point ? 
  that the ` greek ethnicity ' is n't constructed as you 'd like it to be and encompassing ` the other ' ? 
  true if so but trivial . 
  my point was what i said : that they are not considered to be greeks . 
  also i would n't say that matters of ethnicity are trivial , but i 'd happily take that view over our hysterical obsession over it . 
   like those of western europe etc etc more whataboutism . 
  i think i had enough of it for one day . 
  edit : another interesting point :  far more practical and well-established ones like , say , being the majority in a certain territory you already possess are . 
  yes , so practical and well-established , which is why nobody has any policy for it . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  breed more and send our kids to populate thrace ? 
  why do n't you start first ? 
  lead by example man . 
   i do n't get it . 
  maybe because you have n't read the laws . 
  the greek blasphemy laws are implicitly created to defend orthodox christianity . 
  they hate literally never been used to defend anything other than christians and their religion . 
  it 's like only christians seem to have the right to get offended . 
  look at the law :  one who publicly and maliciously and by any means blasphemes god shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than two years . 
  which `` god '' would that be , i wonder ? 
  i mean , the constitution is not a metaphysical document and can not be used to magically defend spirits . 
  it is not a spellbook . 
  it is pretty much up to people to decide which `` god '' is offended and how , and literally everyone of them in any position of power is an orthodox christian . 
  more importantly , what if someone is an atheist or a hindu or a buddhist ? 
  obviously i care more about the atheists since i am one . 
  what protection do i have ? 
  what if you insult my worldview or my beliefs ? 
  i got nothing . 
  but if i write `` jesus was a jewish zombie '' on some blog i can literally go to jail . 
  the thought alone is scary .
