  well i 'm sorry if you ca n't understand it . 
  have a nice day regardless, 
  where ? 
  this sounds delusional . 
  you are just a member of the trumpoid troll brigade which is losing momentum as time passes . 
  you can read the comment chain again to see what the point was, 
   i do n't know if you have this in english but we call it besieged stronghold syndrome ( ? ) . 
  it is when you think that everyone is here to get you . 
  describes the conservatives perfectly . 
  gay folks are getting married ? 
  my religious freedom is being violated !, 
  definitely a communist , but also a patriot . 
  read [ this ] ( https://www.amazon.com/political-thought-joseph-stalin-revolutionary/dp/0415406269?ie=utf8&amp;*version*=1&amp;*entries*=0 ) if you want to figure it out . 
  keep changing the goalposts eventually you will arrive to the conclusion that nationalism is just a pure abstract concept that exists only in the realm of ideas , so we ca n't attribute any blame to it, 
  allright but yours was still a terrible post . 
  i 'm sorry but gay white men vs black women is a ridiculous discussion and not even political . 
  it 's not lol , if you are arguments are `` hitler and stalin  hitler '' seems that you do n't know what nationalism is , if you think it started and ended with hitler in fact , its even funnier , because it implies that hitler represents nationalists , something that i am sure you object to but lol whatever lol right ? 
  implying one can exist without the other i bet that if you 'd go through all the nationalist movements , it would be difficult to find one not having irredentism as an integral part of it, 
  rhymes with `` it was n't real nationalism '' , these insane nationalists who murderes dozens of millions were the bad kind of nationalists , we support only the nonaggressive ones !, 
  never mind that we hav n't seen such a nonaggressive nationalist movement in human history , forget these details, 
   why does this shitty comment get up voted ? 
  american pro-nationalist trumpoids have a very strong presence in / r/europe . 
  i know it seems strange but sadly its true , and we need to account for it in every discussion . 
   and thats still and understatement its also not true , but people can fix the numbers any way to push an agenda, 
   on the basis of internationalism vs. nationalism , based on body count of recent history , nationalism is the clear choice . 
  clealry an american would know how the europen people should organize themselves have you ever observed the opposite ? 
  europeans walking up to americans telling them you should have a confederation !, 
  stop hating yourselves !, 
  make a confederacy as you should everyone knows confederations are the best dumb ` muricans no we do n't , because that would be moronic, 
   unfortunately today , in a completely orwellian way , the regressive left has completely redefined the word to be nearly synonymous with racism and xenophobia . 
  bastardizing words for a specific agenda . 
  your fairytale about the `` regressive left '' and `` cultural marxism '' is losing steam . 
  you would be wise to abandon it before you implode via your own ridiculousness . 
  well good thing you are here to correct charles de gaulle , clearly you know more about him about what it means to be a patriot / s, 
  * everyone who disagrees with me is a fascist *, 
   the ones who are at least partially fascist are the leftists , trying to silence the public with either ridiculous rules or `` political correctness '' . 
  again with that ? 
  who tried to silence you ? 
  maybe you mean : some leftists disagreed with me and i got offended , because i want my opinion to be heard without any criticism . 
  thank you for explaining that . 
  this guy gets it . 
  [ it works ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/31/greek-court-acquits-farmers-shot-strawberry-pickers ) in greece pretty well . 
  just denignate , humiliate and isolate the immigrants , creating an easily exploitable underclass . 
  it 's a depressingly common pattern but some people just absolutely refuge to see it despite it happening in front of their very eyes for the 10000th time . 
  you live in the usa so you do n't really get this . 
  i 've heard this so many times , so i 'll try to respond with the short version . 
  people from other parts of europe do the same thing . 
  source : am greek , living in germany . 
  the settled greeks here still maintain the illusion of greek culture , yet they are living in a fake dream , in this husk of what it really means to be greek . 
  everybody does this . 
  it 's ok to not understand what is going on because you live in a different continent . 
  i do n't understand what is going on with your mexican immigrants , legal or not . 
  but i do n't go in american forums educating americans on how they should treat their immigrants and what the situation is like . 
  that would be weird . 
   `` gay white men are appropriating the black women 's culture ! '', 
  we are not in america , what the heck are you even talking about, 
  if you have to ask , then you had it coming , because ignorance is no excuse pretty much every dictatorship and war in europe in the 21st century had some kind of nationalist background to it ( obvious exception , the bolsheviks ), 
  most of the shitposting comes from the trumpoid versions of americans . 
  there is a lot of agenda pushing going on and its only from one side . 
  you do n't see crazy communists spamming threads on how we should abolish borders , you only see the insane americans demanding that we live according to their nationalist fantasies . 
   where if you say you are proud to be from your nation then you are a fascist . 
  maybe you should have spoken against that , when the * real * fascists appropriated your symbols . 
  but you ( conveniently ? ), 
  silent . 
  but you did n't , so you see where this backlash comes from . 
   it always bothers me when multiculturalists celebrate these husk cultures as representatives of the culture they mimic it bothers me too when these people are `` proud of their culture '' and insist on bringing it over , creating these `` husks '' as you nicely put it . 
  you ca n't really blame them though because they are following your tennets . 
  they are fiercely proud of , and desperately cling to , something that does n't exist . 
  what would you tell them , abandon the ways of your forefathers ? 
  edit : spelling, 
   nonaggressive nationalism that sounds like peaceful communism . 
  i mean honestly your post was good and well written , so i 'm not arguing against it . 
  i 'm pointing out that what is good in theory does not translate good in practice too . 
  we have never seen this nonaggressive nationalism in objective reality . 
  it 's just an idea . 
  even the scandivanians you mentioned were virulently aggressive ( understandably so , 8th century , they did what they had to do ) and they were proud of it too . 
  likewise in europe , the horrors of both world wars , especially the first one , effectively killed the old order . 
  people saw what happened when everyone is fanatically committed to `` god , king and country '' and it was the stuff of nightmares . 
  nationalism had its time when it was truly a natural movement , some would say it was even necessary , but we do n't like in that time anymore . 
  if these far right parties manage to force their agenda onto europe , like force everyone to be grouped into neatly arranged monocultures , i expect the results to be just as bad . 
  maybe even worse , because this time around , it will be an artificial movement , one that many of its adherents understand to be a mere form of protest against ( perceived ) excessive liberalism . 
  t/dr ; this is essentially romanticism . 
  yes , people need to belong somewhere , but not necessarily in the way that nationalists have conveniently decided . 
   and how do you know that ? 
  take a wild guess, 
  the diseases did most of the work man i mean i 'm not complaining , but just do n't blame us for it, 
   there are very legitimate reasons to dislike eu even if you love europe . 
  maybe , but the ones we hear about in the media are often lies, 
   not to say that 's necessarily the eu 's fault . 
  it 's not . 
  but if that 's the state of play in the uk then it 's unhealthy as people are critically disengaged from the political process . 
  that would be a terrible argument , thankfully nobody is using it `` we do n't know anything about the eu , so we should leave ! '', 
  umm how about educating your people first and then making an informed decision ? 
  but then again facts do n't bode well for the anti-eu side, 
  yes but we ( europeans ) discovered and essentially invented america so when you too will discover a new continent and settle what will later be a confederation like the eu , then you can say what you say, 
  it 's not government sponsored anymore it was launched in 1999 to promote the new currency . 
  i mean it was pretty fucking stupid but the idea behind it was not propaganda , it was common sense , if you have a new currency you need to spend money to educate the people about it ( though hopefully in not so retarded ways ) . 
  anyway since then it has n't appeared , until 2014 . 
  and the 2014 relaunch is ** not ** governmentally sponsored , it 's a private thing . 
  it 's amazing how much some people are grasping at straws here .
