  do these people walk around at all ? 
  like take a walk outside ? 
  some time ago people were asking if its same to visit cologne or would they get raped by thousands of immigrants . 
  yeah ... no . 
  i see your point but is collective responsibility really an american thing ? 
  i thought you 'd support personal responsibility , like holding people accountable for their own actions . 
  blaming a person for what an unrelated group did 30 + years ago in a different part of the world sounds more like collectivism to me . 
  here is the mistake you are making : thinking that policies and laws are products of reason , based on objective data , intended to bring demonstrable results . 
  sadly , many times they are enacted to appease an increasingly angry and retarded segment of the population . 
  what a great argument , `` its not of your business '' . 
  you really showed those pesky liberals what 's what . 
  in reality , executing people does not deter crime . 
  there is no actual reason to do it . 
  so be just honest and just say you like people being executed because you enjoy it . 
   when each country had its own currency , imbalances were fixed by deprecation of currency and other measures . 
  you mean like greece fixed their imbalances ? 
  oh wait , we wer n't , we were suffering from massive inflation and running huge deficits . 
  we managed to lie our ass off in 2001 , which led us entering the eurozone , which gave us a lifeline to survive a few more years , which frankly we never deserved . 
   you want to believe that greece tricked so easily eurozone members to enter and benefit . 
  be my guest , still though starting such a project as a currency union and a small country like greece be able to trick you , means you are totally incompetent to start such a project in the first place . 
  that 's not a bad argument . 
  really , everyone fucked up . 
  my point is , why did we have to go to the incompetent imf in the first place ? 
  that 's still on us . 
  the root cause is on us . 
   i agree , under the current conditions . 
  but you seem to bash only the greek culture as the root cause , which simplifies such a complex problem that i find it bias . 
  well we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  it 's just the only explanation that makes sense to me . 
  i 've heard all kinds of alternative explanations and they do n't seem convincing to me . 
  i think people in greece are raised to be blindly supportive of their own `` culture '' even if its a shitty culture . 
  it 's sad and i do n't see it changing anytime soon . 
  you can angrily repeat the same assertion 1000 times , but that wo n't make it true . 
  while i 'm sure that passes for `` debate '' among your kind , it does n't particularly interest me . 
  so , have fun . 
  * and stop calling me a racist !, 
  do n't call me a nazi !, 
  i do n't want to reward greece , i just tl/dr ` ed what the article said . 
  i do n't think i said greece is n't part of the eurozone . 
   greece was doing perfectly fine before entering the ez and this is a fact . 
  yes , which is why the greek government lied and presented fake numbers in order to join the ez . 
   up until 1994 , greece recorded very high deficits , for some years above 10 % of gdp . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] during the late nineties , according to the figures submitted by the greek government to the european union , greece 's high budget deficits were significantly lowered . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] in 2000 , given a deficit below 3 % of gdp in 1999 , greece was accepted as the 12th member of the european monetary union . 
  i 'm sure that for a middle class ethnic greek , living in greece , from 1980-2000 , life was never better . 
  that was the peak of our civilization right there . 
  thing is , its not coming back . 
  those days are over . 
   told you , greece was the weakest link of the eurozone . 
  this is a fact . 
  greece had the same currency as germany , france , italy , spain ... this is a joke . 
  portugal also had harsh austerity , cyprus had bank hair-cutting . 
  yes and lets not repeat ourselves . 
  we are running in circles . 
  why did greece fuck so badly ? 
  why is it the weakest economy ? 
  because it fucked up badly . 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  and so on . 
   not at all artificial , the greek industries where expanding all over the balkans as i told you . 
  and yes , how do you think rest of europe expanded ? 
  i would ask : why did n't the other economies collapse so catastrophically ? 
  but i wo n't , because it will probably lead us running in circles once more . 
  i think you need to take a break from reddit , i mean you were the one proclaiming victory yesterday because i did n't reply to your posts 24/7 ... people have things to do man ... 
  i answered everything , so unless you bring something new to the table , do n't expect a reply . 
  you ca n't be in every room , counting all the votes , all the time . 
   the other part is greece having the same currency as germany other countries had that too yet only greece fucked up so badly  told you already , biggest economy in balkans it was a rhetorical question . 
  note your past tense . 
  it led to us creating an artifical economy that collapsed the moment hardship hit us . 
  yes , but get ready to hear the lamentations of the greek people , due to evil europeans destroying our proud country . 
   so what you say is that the greek culture is the problem . 
  partially yes , but do n't be so sure that greece functions in way different way as rest of west countries . 
  corruption is also present there . 
  you said partially yes so what is the other part ? 
   managing the crisis i mean that the biggest ultra problem of greece is unemployment , it literally kills the economy . 
  from tax income to pension funds , if the unemployment was under 10 % greece would have no problem right now . 
  if greece was not under eurozone , they could have devalued generously their currency , apply a smaller extend of austerity and this would solve the unemployment issue yes but we had control over our own currency for decades before the ez . 
  how did that turn out ? 
  tl/dr ; the situation will continue to suck for the foreseeable future . 
  greece can not returns to the markets and will be dependent on foreign help for decades . 
  of course people will take pleasure at pointing out the ( well documented and acknowledged ) mistakes of the imf , while completely disregarding what led to the 2010 situation in the first place ( hint : there was no troika back then ) . 
  edit : syntax, 
   i read somewhere that you wrote that greece should be in same levels as bulgaria . 
  greece 's economy was top in the whole balkan area . 
  banks , telecoms , construction engineering even super markets where expanding in the balkans . 
  plus maritime , tourism justifies the gdp of greece . 
  if greece was not coupled with eurozone they could manage better the crisis as the rest of countries . 
  yes , which is the result of being artificially propped up by the west , due to geopolitical reasons . 
   if greece was not coupled with eurozone they could manage better the crisis as the rest of countries . 
  seriously ? 
  looking at our leadership , our institutions and our people , do you think we would have managed that ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  why are there so few muslims in this sub ? 
  i think i 've seen only two or three people who claimed to be muslim . 
  reading some of the comments , it 's not a big surprise . 
  the majority of people here are expressing the view that muslims ca n't integrate , are a parallel society , hate the west , do n't share our fundamental human values , hate germans , love to be segregated , * were brought in by the evil politicians as a means to destroy the proud native white culture * . 
  i mean imagine being a second-generation turk living in germany and having to listen to that . 
  would you really give a shit ? 
  so it seems to me that this dislike is targeted .
