  also it is interesting that the people who support orwellian practices are totally confident that they are not . 
  like they think they are doing the right thing and absolutely nothing changes their mind because * rule britannia !, 
  * shuts down all rational introspection and brands you a `` national enemy '' too, 
  what is wrong , did someone fuck your wife ? 
  * as a foreign worker , i do n't feel welcome in the uk anymore *, 
  good point but that only applies to foreigners , you see . 
  if a filthy foreigner comes to greece he wo n't be accepted as a true citizen because he did n't happen to be born here but greeks who live in the usa for generations , like they do n't even know where greece is on a map , are fiercely proud of their alleged `` ancestry '' and always brag about it and have their dumbass parades with the greek flags in fucking oregon it is quite a double standard but its because we are very insecure and emotional when it comes to our identities, 
   still , from what i 've seen i agree that in german society there sometimes seems to remain an underlying sentiment of shame as if they owed something to humanity because of the actions taken by other people who lived in the same piece of earth before they were born . 
  do you live in germany ? 
  'cause i do i 've never seen anything to suggest this . 
  not even close . 
  this opinion is often parroted by the alt-right and other virulent nationalists to `` shame '' germans because they are not as jingoistic as the alt-right thinks they should be, 
   it 's literally napoleons wet dream . 
  unfortunately the uk has showers so its not really his wet dream, 
  sounds like the typical scummy poltiician who backtracked after her comments backfired she is now attempting damage control and good for you for falling for it . 
  what would politicians do if there were no people like you ? 
  kudos man, 
   this is just a way of letting people know which companies are n't employing locally , rather than a 1984 style plan . 
  the irony, 
   these factories are usually in areas of high unemployment , especially youth unemployment , where the locals have a low standard of education and typically go into low skilled jobs source, 
   i guess the counter argument is that yes foreign workers are often willing to work for lower wages and worse conditions but why is this a good thing i hear this argument often and it does n't make sense . 
  the market works via competition . 
  what if a native decides to work for lower wages and worse conditions ? 
  like would you also want your government to ban competition ? 
  this must be the 10th time you are making the same mistake nobody asked about `` prioritizing your own citizens '' . 
  the point is about lists . 
  would you like greece to publicly release the names of uk workers here ( like all 20 of them lol ) with the explicit intent to publically shun them ? 
  mayb they could get a visit from the golden dawn ` lads ' too . 
  i hear they do n't like foreigners either and you say `` yes '' and that is very weird to me . 
  like there was another polish proud patriot here , who agreed with your referendum and supported the racism against his own people , all in the name of nationalism and sovereignty . 
  it is weird how nationalists hate their own people sometime , it 's almost like ideology is more important, 
  conservatives/nationalists do n't really have a concrete ideology , besides being reactionary and anti-progress i say this because the right has aggressively fought and won the culture and - more importantly - economical war during the cold war . 
  they enthusiastically supported capitalism and free trade . 
  deregulation , free market , all that shit . 
  get the government out of business . 
  but that does n't work anymore . 
  so they did a 180 and are trying to push quasi-socialist policies , like the government interjecting itself into the very core of the market : regulating the people companies hire based on their ethnicity i ca n't imagine they will actually go through with this . 
  it 's just too crazy . 
  if they do go through with this , well then the uk has some extremely serious internal problems and frankly good fucking riddance, 
  happy you are getting downvoted this is n't `` transparency '' in any sane , civilized and non-totalitarian sense of the word why do i say this ? 
  well because they are only releasing a small and very specific piece of information about their workforce . 
  what about the names of the natives who work ? 
  what about their religious beliefs ( or lack thereof ) ? 
  what about their political beliefs ? 
  their sexuality ? 
  what about everyone 's salary - something that would be * very * useful information to release publicly , i mean that would be real transparency and a great bargaining chip for the workers but anyway out of all the possible types information , they decided to focus on only one item , and applied that item to a small subset of the workforce, 
  lol why are you being downvoted for saying this, 
  allright , thanks for your answers . 
  and i honestly was n't trolling , this is just the weirdest thing to come out of brexit so far, 
  i see , but its still hard to believe that this is actual government policy from a 1st world nation . 
  maybe i 'm just dumb ( insert joke here ) but i do n't get it let 's say you have a brit company who employs some foreigners . 
  one day , via a law , you are forced to publicly reveal that 3 out of 10 employees are of foreign origin . 
  so you go to your website and add a page that says :  3 out of our 10 workers are foreign . 
  they are :  * arjun patel  * mohammed mohammed  * georgios gamotoxristopoulos or , alternatively , you submit this information to the government and they put it on a website somewhere . 
  how does this prevent , as you said , leaving the local population out to dry ? 
  it just does n't make sense to me . 
  note that i am not arguing the morality of hiring british people first , but just the practicality of this specific idea . 
   the problem is establishing what having the same qualifications means because it 's unlikely that two curriculums are exactly the same . 
  they never are , this is an idea that seems to be perpetuated by people who do n't have much experience with the job market you ca n't just reduce candidates to numbers . 
  more often than not , decisions on who to hire are based on intangible factors , like `` team fit '' , personality , attitude , or just the way you talk and communicate . 
  even your experience can be hard to quantify , since not all workplaces allow you to grow and learn the same way all of this is obliterated in favor of nationality . 
  does n't sound very smart , but you have to appease the angry voters, 
  that does n't explain why these foreign workers need to be put on lists, 
   arbitrarily fucking over an ally lol you are an `` ally '' now ? 
  i thought the brussel elite hated you and your proud white national sovereignty . 
  now you are allies ? 
   the human spirit does n't like to see someone kicked when down but they claim that they are not down . 
  they claim this is a glorious era of * rule britannia !, 
  * and everything will be fine and dandy . 
  so its not really kicking them while they are down its more like 27 nations defending their own interests without any excuses or compromise . 
  something that , theoretically speaking , each nationalist should understand and respect . 
  but they do n't because they just ideologically hate the eu no matter what the eu countries do, 
  i hate to break this to you but all politics are local . 
  other countries are not bound by the `` democratic will '' of a population living in a different country edit : greek people also suffer from this retardation . 
  like we become angry when , after voting no in our referendum , the other european countries did not magically cater to our democratic will, 
   launch into a tirade calling him and every other brexit voter an authoritarian racist stopped reading here . 
  somehow , you managed to complain about being called a racist . 
  when nobody called you racist . 
  not you , not the dudes i was replying to , no-one was called a racist god damn you people are mighty sensitive . 
  and just reading your comments depletes my will to live . 
  like i refuse to apologize for calling someone something i never did , so keep these long posts to yourself - you are the only one who will read them anyway, 
  it 's pretty weird being danish and opposing a eu army . 
  do you think you have an army of your own ? 
  like do you think that , if push came to shove , you would do anything other than [ surrender in ~ 6 hours ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_invasion_of_denmark_\\ ( 1940 \\ ) ) ? 
   in short , their workers are more harmed by having more imports than exports currently from the eu . 
  if those imports are removed , than domestic production must take over , increasing employment . 
  first of all i do n't think trading is that simple . 
  by erecting a barrier you do n't magically create domestic production . 
  in fact it is the other way around - you import stuff because it does n't make sense to produce them locally more importantly : the uk was close to full employment anyway . 
  they screamed for more skilled , educated workers . 
  good luck with that shit now . 
  sure , after you tell me how a `` 50 % population reduction in an average lifetime '' is going to happen oh wait you wo n't , [ you will just bail ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53sk8p/austerity_only_benefits_germany_and_destroys/d7xhr3a ) as i 've noticed you usually do , when the discussion does not go your way enjoy , 
   eu ! = europe that is extremely naive and ignoring the large parts of europe ( especially in this sub ) who actually * want * the eu or rather * do not * consider a tyrannical entity who hates the native population . 
  this is what is causing your friend to receive the totally understandable backlash . 
  the vision he and his politicians have for europe , if you can even call it a vision ( it is more like misguided romanticism ) is largely unpopular here and genuinely at odds with what people want . 
  meta posts are nuked on sight . 
  not making an exception is not `` unwelcome '' treatment , its the exact opposite : being treated as everyone else, 
  thanks , i just looked at his post history and he complained about just that . 
  it seems you do too . 
  so it seems i hit a nerve .
