  because there is absolutely no way that you can force the people to stay in the eu if they do n't want to . 
  i guess too much anti-eu propaganda has made people believe this nonsense to be a matter of fact . 
  the nation 's image and credibility wo n't be damaged , quite the contrary , the whole world understands that leaving the eu is huge decision and should not be done on a whim . 
   and i bet r/de isnt even talking about the fact the refugees started this . 
  you just lost that bet . 
  if you do n't believe me , you can go to r/de and find out for yourself . 
  but the problem with people like you is that being wrong does not matter to you . 
  it 's not like you will change your views despite being proven wrong ( more than once , actually ) . 
  you will keep trolling with your alt-right agenda of `` the liberals hate the proud white nationalists and want to destroy the proud white nations '' . 
  nothing can change your mind since you are an ideologue . 
   but of course if you 're saying we should not believe in what the police says , all cops are bastards , fuck tha police etc then you are completely right !, 
  it is funny because this is exactly what you guys think in each and every case where the refugees are treated nicely . 
  * take in the refugees ? 
  the government is lying to us , they are all bastards , they want to bring in muslim rapists to destroy our white culture . 
  that 's great but people are not critical both ways . 
  this ( alleged ) information withholding has made people here very one sided . 
  no , what people here are saying is that they believe any media story that paints the refugee in a negative lie - while disbelieving any media story that paints them in a positive ( or neutral ) light . 
  in other word , preconceived notions . 
   i find it bizzare that even though the refugees started the fight i find it bizzare that despite the alleged skepticism towards the media , people believe 100 % the media stories if the refugees are painted as the aggressors . 
  20 refugees attacked 80 neo-nazis . 
  for no discernible reason . 
  makes perfect sense !, 
   self determination as a nation and a people . 
  weather you believe that is a benefit or not , many do . 
  whether something is a benefit * for your country * is not a matter of preference . 
  you can actually measure it , either your country becomes stronger or weaker . 
  also you seem to believe that a federal superstate is axiomatically bad . 
  like we are not even allowed to want it because there is something inherent in federalization where it will be deterministically bad in each and every case , no exceptions . 
   the kinds of people who do this sort of thing do n't require removal of social pressure in order to act like this - cuntos gon na cunt . 
  no , that 's only the sociopaths who are a tiny % of the population . 
  for the vast majority of people , social pressure is very powerful . 
  a great motivator and a great deterrent . 
  this probably predates mankind as a species and has great evolutionary value . 
  i also assume you know all this because you are a fucking human being too . 
   while i accept my experience of life is limited and in no way forms a representative picture of the entire 60-odd million people currently inhabiting the uk i have literally heard no-one screaming anything at anyone irl before , during or after brexit . 
  i 've never seen a greek neo-nazi abuse , beat or murder anyone . 
  but they actually exist and do these things , they are the 3rd biggest political party in my country . 
  so you see that 's not the best argument . 
  and financed by the greeks, 
  that is like a terribly low standard you 've set for yourself . 
  it would be like comparing your economy to greece 's . 
  i think you guys are overthinking this . 
  as is there are complex causes creating such phenomena . 
  no , it 's more like people like to fuck over other people . 
  they really do . 
  it 's like our species defining trait . 
  the current anti-immigrant hysteria has removed any social pressure to * not * be an asshole , so people can just go ahead and say/scream/shout whatever they want . 
  sorry that you are downvoted , what you are saying is completely reasonable . 
  that is surprisingly reasonable . 
  good reply . 
  well then , lets continue supporting angry populists like the afd that does not believe in climate change . 
  let 's just stick our heads in the sand , that will fix all our problems . 
  i wonder if you really believe that or are just doing the typical trollish alt-right agenda pushing ? 
  it 's typical . 
  angry right-winger are angry that germany is not like the media told them : a hellish battlefield where a minority of proud locals is fighting off hordes of raping refugees daily . 
  yet they come here and find out that the picture the media painted is not representative of reality and they get mad . 
  so they take it out on you , * hurr durr stupid self-hating germans they do n't know how bad their life is * and all that shit . 
  this is going to be hilarious once the refugee crisis ends , i mean what will all these preachers of doom and destruction say ? 
  well then it 's a good thing reddit exists , with posters like you guys , to teach the germans what is happening in their own country and also how afraid they should be . 
  what does banning the hijab have to do with this ? 
  you seem to think politics is like football . 
  we won this one , you lost that one , etc. 
  of course you would enjoy the coming changes . 
  a lot of fear , paranoia , anger , frustration , taking away of liberties , all those things delight you . 
  people like you are like the cancer in our societies . 
  i would advise you to grow the fuck up a little bit . 
  ah yes , the typical argument `` i am oppressed by not being allowed to oppress others ! '', 
   not beeing googled over by man while doing their fitness . 
  ah these pervents , standing in the corners googling your name in their ipads, 
   thats a bunch of negative greek exceptionalism you do n't understand , we actually * are * negatively exceptional we are the worst of the worst . 
  at least let us fucking enjoy it, 
  libertarians , i hate the idea that i ca n't just shoot you and steal all your stuff , but fortunately for you the government protects you, 
  lol what the hell are you on ? 
  the greek people have democratically electing their representatives for the past 42 years do you mean to tell us that all these voters were doing it sarcastically ? 
  i expect a lot of cries of `` oppression '' and `` tyranny '' and also norway 's government is `` literally hitler '' and all that . 
  but the fact remains that you ca n't discriminate against your clientele . 
  if you open a business , it has to be open to the whole of society . 
  there are many good reasons for this ( for one , to prevent ghettoization ) but in any case the law was there and she should have known about it before opening a business . 
  also ,  `` i see it as a totalitarian symbol . 
  when i see a hijab , i do n't think of religion , but of totalitarian ideologies and regimes , '' she told the judges , cited by daily verdens gang . 
  this is why the media is bad for you , folks . 
  i mean i may or may not feel the same way , being disgusted by religious people obsessed with `` modesty '' , which basically creates a terrible culture of ( self ) shame . 
  but i would n't act on it because you have to respect peoples ' choices as long as they are not forced upon you , even if they are completely retarded choices . 
   on the issue of immigration they are making more sense that what i see from parties on the left . 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pegida#position_paper . 
  sure thing . 
  meanwhile , that does pegida atually tell us ? 
   the history of western civilization could soon come to an end through islam conquering europe yes , they really believe that the refugees will * literally end the history of western civilization * . 
  ** edit ** : not to mention them trying to sneak in their `` protection of traditional judeo-christian culture '' agenda . 
  what does this have to do with immigration ? 
  we could have literally zero immigration and it would still be wrong to push a specific conservative/religious agenda , as they are obviously trying to do now . 
  and you try to present this as a nuanced and reasonable view . 
  let me repeat it : refugees will end the history of western civilization . 
  for you , this is nuanced and reasonable . 
   my claim was `` there 's suppression and a whole lot of subterfuge going on . '' . 
  here 's your evidence : i see that you insist with this crap . 
  allright then . 
  first two cases are people who fucked up themselves . 
  the left did not prevent them from doing anything . 
  they were either too afraid or too incompetent to to their job , per your quote : `` i suppose i did n't want to raise that too hard '' .
