  i mean the fact that we see this behavior , even in the west , repeatedly occurring , should tell you that it is not as self-correcting as you think . 
  the price to pay for lying is insignificant , especially if you are a politician . 
   [ gays in ottoman empire ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hf3qiki.jpg ) i see the alt-right was active in the ottoman empire, 
  that is pretty ironic considering the far-right are intolerant , yet they demand they are tolerated or even respected, 
  you can simply punish them if they give out false information , intent be damned . 
  if you are a politician you are expected to know what you are talking about i.e. 
  how much money the uk gives to the eu . 
  it is a simple , objective fact . 
  it is not a promise . 
  it is a fact . 
   and the ammunition the admission gives to their political opponents . 
  this is great in theory but fails in practice . 
  just look at any politician ... ever . 
  they do n't require ammunition to attack their opponents , they attack them regardless . 
  their opposition is ideological , not practical . 
  they do n't . 
  liars can be pretty successful , see : politicians, 
  then they should make that very clear . 
  you should n't be allowed to campaign if you do n't represent objective reality in your rthetoric i 'm not saying they should be hanged or jailed , just not let them campaign but then again , we all know that if their slogan was `` the government should fund the nhs more ! '', 
  then brexit would not be a thing . 
  it would be a useless slogan . 
  democracy without an informed population is useless . 
  but i understand you like it because if propaganda is morally and legally accepted as a perfectly tool in the quest for political dominance ( as per the right wingers ) then the populists tend to win ; you are fine with that because they represent your views . 
   therefore the indigenous population has to be replaced or they should just stop believing in shitty ideas thinking that people are wrong is hardly a call to genocide and replacement of them . 
  this is textbook conspiracy theory . 
  for example , the `` concept of the family '' is not the same as `` ethnic nationalism '' . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine how you conflated the two, 
  come back komsu and bring order to the balkans again please, 
  to be honest the humour is pretty obvious , unless you are salty, 
   if you 're female and attractive more like if you have one or several orifices , you are a target, 
  the same way you do it in cases of perjury ? 
  persecuting people for lying is hardly a novel idea . 
  it 's just that some politicians ( or their lackeys ) want to convince us that they should be allowed to lie . 
   the idea that you can prosecute your political enemies for lying during a national debate is worrying . 
  the idea that you are fine with politicians lying - without any consequences - is what is worrying . 
  there are many instances during the 20th century where a dishonest representation of reality , pushed by politicians or intellectuals , was incredibly damaging . 
  orwell was prophetic and is still very important , i 'll say that much . 
   there are all sorts of problems with trying to legislate what people are allowed to say to win an election . 
  if you made lying illegal the candidates would constantly be trying to sue each other for telling lies and every election would turn into a legal case where whoever has the best lawyers can say what they want and others have to stay quiet . 
  has this ever happened or is it just speculation ? 
   how the fuck do you expect to maintain a proper democracy when you let politicians get away with blatantly lying about things ? 
  you are implying that they * want * to maintain a proper democracy . 
  do you really think that is the case ? 
  this is a group of people who barely squeezed a 2 % advantage and now demand everyone else ( the 48 % ) shut up , say nothing , just obey as they implement their agenda without any compromise . 
  these are [ the same people who demanded a second referendum if leave narrowly lost ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36306681 ) !, 
  and now they are utterly dismissive of any `` soft breakup '' with the eu , a breakup that would better reflect the wishes of the entirety of the population and not just the 52 % . 
  for these people , winning is all that matters . 
  everything else is just details that will be sorted out after they win . 
   its a `` solution '' unacceptable to many ~ ~ people ~ ~ politicians in europe ftfw i know the alt-right brigade gives a different impression but in fact many people want this problem solved instead of burying our heads in the sand ( and getting angry about it too ) like the nationalists would want, 
   i could say the very same for pro-choicers you could , but it would be wrong you are totally free to * not * get an abortion and not do crossfit ( btw wtf was that ) but you are pretending to be a victim here to justify your shitty politics, 
  why do you have to interpret anything as an attack on you ? 
  do you really think people want to destroy your family ? 
  or its concept ? 
  i mean how do you even destroy abstract concepts . 
  please re-read what you wrote and tell me if it sounds a little ridiculous . 
   family and culture to name two very important concerns of many people . 
  that is looking at the world from a populist lens . 
  culture and family are important to most people , regardless if they are poor or rich . 
   with that said , i think more information is definitely better , but i would not go on to say that those who possess more knowledge are intellectually honest . 
  i would far more wish that i have as a leader an intellectually honest individual than a highly intelligent , morally vacuous finance whore . 
  this is anti-intellectualism . 
  having more information is obviously better . 
  is this really debatable ? 
  have we reached the point where we are actually discussing if * being educated is better * ? 
  and you mention some intellectual pitfalls technocrats fall into . 
  no disagreement there . 
  but do you understand that this is a human thing ? 
  uneducated people often glorify `` common sense '' and ideology/tradition/religion as sources of knowledge , something that is clearly wrong . 
   changes need to occur in a peaceful manner or we are heading over a cliff . 
  when people told you about these problems you dismissed them as lazy bums , reds , useful idiots , communists , traitors etc. 
  marxists have been pointing out this problem for literally centuries , but your people used machine guns on them as a response . 
  and yes i know i am generalizing but i 've seen your opinions and the agenda you push - i can honestly say that it is dishonest . 
  you are pretending to adopt an economic or even rational platform for your concerns when in fact your concerns do not extend beyond these so called `` millions of muslim rapists '' . 
  but you have reddit . 
  that must count for something right, 
  it is weird is n't it ? 
  there are a couple of romanian posters that angrily argue against each and any refugees receiving assistance from the eu ( not even their own budget ) . 
  it is insane because some decades ago , the romanians were our `` muslims '' so to speak . 
  no one thought highly of a corrupt , post-communist country in a state of disarray . 
  they were considered anything from thieves , burglars to gypsies , or just a general burden on europe . 
  and now these posters talk like they are defending `` their '' europe from invaders ? 
  it is weird how quick history changes during our lifetimes , and how small memories the right wingers have . 
   no , eu leaders ' idea of a mandatory migrant quota is a bad joke . 
  it is a solution to a very important problem . 
  refugees need to be managed responsively and fairly bu all eu member states , so that my countries like my own wo n't collapse under the weight of the new arrivals . 
  we have to thank the right wingers and populist across all europe for torpedoing this plan and angrily preventing * any * solution to the refuege crisis . 
  we know why you do it too . 
  by preventing a solution , you maximize anger , frustration and hysteria . 
  this gives votes to the right . 
  if we had a rational solution , the populists would be hiding in their closets , since they would have nothing to scream at . 
  allright i 'll be happy to drop the insults and jabs if you address these points . 
  i expected you to bail out of an argument that does not go your way , citing hurt feelings . 
  if your emotions were hurt because i said `` great leader '' then you can just ignore these two terribly offensive words . 
  the point remains that the brexiters supported this , they demanded to be heard as part of a perceived large minority . 
  and i say `` perceived '' because as it turned out they were a small majority instead . 
  so please do n't be offended by my choice of words . 
  anyway this will come back and bite you . 
  the vote was too close for a too important issue . 
  public support will start taking a hit once the negotiations start and the negative effects of brexit become apparent . 
  the 2 % extra votes you squeezed out are not enough to get you through this .
