  but if someone dares claim that a sizable minority of your side is racist then ... omg do n't call me racist nobody is racist there are no racists anymore do n't ever use that word again i am not a racist, 
  the difference is not as big as it seems, 
  the point is that they are `` just words '' well , you being called a racist is `` just a word '' too , but that does n't stop you from crying about it, 
  let me apply your advice to your own self : by ignoring you now i hope you will disappear lets see !, 
  surprise surprise , another troll complaining that he is labelled a `` racist '' its quickly getting out of fashion dude , you should change you rhetoric a little bit * but but but stop calling me racist *, 
  it 's ok , it does n't matter anyway , it 's not like op 's point was anything but blatant victim blaming . 
  i like how you guys act so dismissive towards people who have received verbal abuse . 
  it 's just words !, 
  you are the same person who complains about being called racist . 
  looking at your post history for 10 seconds makes that clear . 
  let me quote you :  maybe if every left winger was n't associating leaving the eu with being a racist , then the actual racists would n't be so emboldened when we left the eu . 
  translation : * they call us racist , therefore they cause racism !, 
  * so your hypocrisy , while blatant , is sadly a common theme here . 
  words are not offensive ... except when they are used against you , in which case they are very offensive and should not be used . 
  wait then you are assuming that unwarranted tantrums are the actual problem in my experience , its lack of attention that is the problem , which leads to tantrums if we accept your version , then that is a shitty analogy , because its not the complaints about racism that is the problem but racism itself ( or is it ? ), 
  so basically , if its over nothing , the tantrums will happen regardless of attention . 
  thus invalidating / u/ayrilun 's comment . 
  you have not solved anything , because your kid is still lacking attention the whole reason it was throwing tantrums is because you wer n't giving it attention to begin with, 
  this literally never happens , because no problem is caused by observation alone ( unless you are in quantum mechanics or whatever ), 
  no it does n't . 
  you are making excuses in a ridiculous way . 
  it 's not like people vote to strip others of their rights every day . 
  yeah please show me one that demonstrates you belonging in this `` european race '', 
  i did n't know that numbers made you correct like is it ok is to call one person an idiot ? 
  where have we collectively decided to draw the line ? 
   and yeah , sometimes that happens with more than half of the voters , currently the case in , oh , idk , greece . 
  lol have you read any of my posts ? 
  i love to shit on greece like nothing else yeah you can totally blame the greek voters for this . 
  they accumulated a fuckton of debt for decades , then dumped that debt onto their children and turn around and blame you , the germans . 
  and what the fuck do you mean `` happens all the time '' ? 
  this shit has serious , real world , consequences . 
  for millions of people . 
  it 's not juts chitchatting on a shitily-designed website . 
  we usually disagree but ... well said, 
   i wanted to stay but europeans are taking this as some kind of personal slight from the brits against europeans as people which is just stupid . 
  but this has an effect on millions of peoples ' lives . 
  even here there were people here that were personally affected , in many ways . 
  i agree its distasteful , but its understandable to some extent , is all i am saying . 
   something in the line of incompetence to deal with refugees and how is the refugee crisis the eu 's fault ? 
  is junker to blame for global warming too ? 
  i mean , you know that the uk opted out of the refugee quota thingy right ? 
   except the uk ** elite ** constantly made suggestions and offered to make a plan over the past several years and got told to repeatedly fuck off by the eu ~ ~ elite ~ ~ because it does n't align with their masterplan . 
  i like how we can just tag `` elite '' to any group of people we disagree with, 
  the fact that you have to explain this to people is horrifying like when did humanity decide to abandon the notion of responsibility ? 
  i just said that your post is a fact and that it stands if you ca n't understand english then maybe fucking learn it ? 
   i voted to remain . 
  however , the options on the ballot mentioned nothing about freedom of movement so i do n't know how you 're extrapolating people 's motivation . 
  what the fuck dude . 
  the ballots said leaving the eu which means leaving an organization that has freedom of movement as one of its basic tenents  evidence ? 
  umm  so its difficult to see how things could possibly proceed without some mutual dispensation . 
  not just you , but your politicians seem to have the idea that freedom of movement is negotiable , despite being repeatedly told its not insanity , my friend . 
  sometimes its unavoidable . 
  people have demonstrably hated me for my views . 
  if you too are passionate about anything , you will be hated too if you think this behaviors warrants respect , have fun, 
  you are very idealistic , i hope you are younger than me  for a greek you have a pretty piss-poor understanding of democracy . 
  and you have a pretty piss-poor understanding of greek history . 
  not that i blame you , the media has been very kind to us ( * hurr durr greeks created modern civilization durrr * ) but please do n't hold us to such high standards man, 
  i did n't call anyone `` essentially racist '' it 's their country right ? 
  their borders . 
  their land . 
  its not racist to want to control immigration , remember ? 
  what is obvious is that they want less immigrants . 
  there are few logical ways to accomplish that : * prevent more from coming in ( already done ) * prevent the existing ones from reproducing ( not gon na happen ) * either incentivise , or force , the existing immigrant population to leave the country if you have another idea , i 'm all ears . 
  what happens to the people who suddenly do n't qualify for a visa ? 
  oh yeah i know , tough luck also this  a subset of leave voters were very concerned about immigration . 
  at this point everyone and their mothers know that this was about immigration, 
   lol i 've made my points man , theyre facts , not opinions , they are n't up for debate . 
  you can ignore them if you want , but they still stand . 
  they stand , just as my points stand . 
  these people were misled , you say . 
  true . 
  this does not excuse them , these people are still accountable for being idiots , i say . 
  also true . 
   also if people keep accusing you of racism , maybe they 're onto something ? 
  lol if this comment was higher you 'd have 100 downvotes by now . 
  you are lucky nobody noticed it . 
   and sometimes people use their functioning brains to come to different conclusions . 
  saying `` everyone who disagrees with me is a disgusting idiot '' is n't particularly useful , or helpful , or really a good example that you are using your own functioning brain . 
  it is true that i am disrespectful to these people and i fully own it . 
  if you think that makes me stupid , so be it . 
  i mean , if intelligence is determined by being respectful to people who hate you and everything you believe in , yeah i 'd rather be stupid , 
  nation/ethnic group ! = race, 
  you do n't get it , there ca n't be mutual dispensation . 
  this is why people are worried . 
  there are 27 states that agree on a principle ( freedom of movement ) which has been in place for decades . 
  and you left the club exactly because of this principle , which you did n't like now , having left , you tell us `` well europe , you have to meet us half-way on this freedom of movement thing , or there will be trouble '' . 
  umm no ? 
  you already caused trouble . 
  you knew how things were , you knew about the freedom of movement back in 1967 just as you knew about it last thursday . 
  and you left because of it and now you are asking for it to change ? 
  im sorry bit your reasoning is that of an insane person that does not comprehend logic or even the basic notion of causality, 
  i 'm not assuming anything mate , i just do n't get this race idiocy afaik there is no official classification of humans based on race , or rather , on the `` europeaness '' of their race, 
   in most civilised countries , it 's not possible to hold a vote and strip rights from your fellow man , but in britain it is , because these politicians can do whatever the fuck they please . 
  i fully agree with this . 
  but now me and you are undemocratic fascists for believing this . 
  not to mention , members of the nwo globalist cultural marxist conspiracy , since we are not accepting the `` will of the people '' . 
  you ca n't win . 
  this is how people are . 
  ever since i joined reddit , i 've been saying this for my own country and for my own people , that while the politicians might be assholes , its the people who cause their own misery and suffering . 
  now i am saying for the british people too .
