  if you want to anger , scare and agitate people in order to vote against the refugees , you should be responsible enough to mention your alternative . 
  but then again that would n't make good politics . 
  just as refusing to agree on a number . 
  this sounds like common sense , however figuring out the numbers is not easy . 
  how many can we integrate ? 
  what would be an objective way to determine that number ? 
  the biggest stumbling block is that most of the right insists we not have that conversation and just set the number to zero . 
  that is literally zero - poland refuses to take in a single refugee , with many eastern european countries agreeing with them . 
  even the usa 's republicans do not want to take in a single one . 
  this is a shame because the refugee crisis is not and should not be a european crisis . 
  it is the a problem for the whole modern world to solve . 
  instead of resorting to cheap populism , it is the responsibility of the right to agree on a sensible and fair number of refugees to accept . 
  there is no alternative . 
  talking about europe 's christian heritage and whatnot might be great but it wo n't make the refugees disappear . 
  but , as i 've said many times , jointly agreeing on a way to handle the refugees is extremely unprofitable , politically speaking . 
  there is no outrage to be had if everyone agrees on something and - god forbid - actually tries to solve the crisis . 
  and politicians need an angry and frightened citizenry so that they can reap that outrage in the form of votes . 
  any other examples ? 
  few people are employed in politics and they are probably not immigrants anyway . 
  you are at work and you want to communicate something important in a professional manner . 
  you should be as direct and succinct as possible . 
  there is n't much room for idioms unless you are chatting with your buddies . 
  otherwise you are just trying to confuse your co-workers , something that is arguably malicious , and using a shitty cultural excuse for it . 
  ah , godwin 's law . 
  yeah but music would suck . 
  nobody would be able to write a proper rock and roll song, 
  even if nationalism somehow created welfare , education and political systems ( it did n't ) we can still have all these things without any nationalism at all . 
  they work fine as they are . 
  we do n't have any common goals to work to . 
  none of you have addressed the fact that pluralism has led us to a period of unparalleled prosperity . 
  nationalism invariably led to wars each and every time . 
   but you 're proving my exact point , if you could choose to be prosperous ( or an aristocrat ) then you would happily live under an oppressive system . 
  you value prosperity over your freedom of action . 
  i did n't understand that was your point . 
  was your point what that i value prosperity over freedom of action ? 
  me personally ? 
  i 'd be happy to tell you   regardless democracy is an attempt to foster greater social cohesion and durability during times of national difficulty . 
  if people feel like they have a stake in their society or system of governance then they are more willing to defend it . 
  we have historically seen poor people have not defended their country , yet organized internationally in the early socialist movements . 
  this is why countries started developing welfare systems , so that these people wold not fall of the grid and get `` funny '' ideas . 
  tl/dr ; political freedom does not mean much if you do n't have economic freedom . 
   haha , i think you 've taken my matrix example too literally . 
  i do n't mean the choice between a virtual reality where you create your fantasy but a stable society where you are safe and fed etc. 
  but lacking any real decision making power or `` choice '' vs a more dangerous world where you have greater say over your life , or `` destiny '' for lack of a better word . 
  allright but i still do n't understand this hypothetical society you speak of . 
  i need to know the trade-offs because in my view everything in life is a trade-off . 
  i see why you 'd think that because my post reads like that . 
  but i 'd say i simply take nationalism in action rather than nationalism in theory . 
   even a european federation was proposed by some 19th and early 20th century nationalists , with strong regional rights of self-government for each nation . 
  there is theory and then there is reality . 
  communists also talked about internationalism , but practical realities forced them to reconsider some things . 
  something that sounds good in theory does not always translate well in the real world . 
  we saw what happened when nationalism dominated europe ; we still have not fully recovered from the crimes of that era . 
  there are reasons , many of them not obvious , as to why communism did not lead to worker 's utopia but to worker 's mass graves . 
  similarly , nationalism , did not lead to the `` celebration of unique nations '' but rather the murder of millions of their citizens . 
   with least social , cultural , religious or racial strife if it 's organised along largely homogeneus national lines . 
  here is the problem with nationalism : who gets to define these lines ? 
  you . 
  who gave you that right ? 
  it 's a rhetorical question . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i would be the most ardent far-right nationalist if i got to define my country 's culture myself . 
  but i do n't , so running around demanding everyone adopt a specific culture does not work . 
  so what happens in practical reality is that we have this minority of people - the nationalists - who think their way is the only way and leave very little room for others , like i know for a fact that you are not considered a proper greek if you deviate from the norm even just a tiny little bit . 
  but thankfully in modern europe we have largely rejected these extremes , both the communists and the nationalists . 
  we understand that running our countries requires us to accept a level of pluralism in order to not descend to violence . 
  and this is n't theoretical - it is practical because it works great . 
  this is the best part of the fucking planet after all   anyway , without much ranting , traditional nationalism can absolutely be part of a united europe again , and sorry to be a bore , but while this may sound great in theory there is no practical * political * road that will get you there . 
  it is very difficult to change a political position . 
  the whole current generation of nationalists need to grow old and be replaced with younger pro-eu ones . 
  and while i 'd love that to be the case , i do n't see it happening anytime soon . 
  this should be taught at schools, 
  he is trying to blend in . 
  man these are grown ass men dressed like something out of a lord of the rings movie . 
  and we are supposed to take them seriously , lol . 
  i see them walking hand in hand , shedding crocodile tears , all coming together in alleged love and understanding , but how about they just cut it out and tell people to * not * believe in magic ? 
  i think that would be more productive . 
  nah it 's fine , i 've seen upvoted comments calling to deport all muslims . 
  you can pretty say anything when it comes to them . 
  jesus christ the comments of that video are even worse than the ones of op 's video  this guy should 've won an academy award for that laugh alone . 
  oh wait , hollywood is run by jews !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  they seem to be very proud of what they are doing . 
  i mean they even rehearse their executions so that they will look good on camera . 
  it 's like the other extreme end of the spectrum . 
  not at all man , just saying that being a foreigner does not * automatically * mean that you are impartial . 
  a lot of people from all over the world have very strong feelings for or against nazism . 
   the german description is much more sinister and critical . 
  well to be fair , the germans had considerable experience with that stuff on the other hand , the americans might elect trump soon you see where i am going with this, 
  judging by how some of you guys comment on european politics * cough alt-right merkel refugees cough * i 'd say you are anything but emotionally detached . 
   how is that ? 
  i 'm just assuming they had parents , newspapers , books , a radio here and there . 
  you know , being part of a civilization that somehow records its history  if they were really monsters , they could have just rounded up the 600 and shot them in the street . 
  it happened plenty of other places . 
  a `` monster '' is a strawman . 
  very few people are actually evil . 
  they are not the problem . 
  atrocities happen because you have a lot of `` normal '' people looking the other way . 
  you have 100,000 normal people all glancing away and this diffusion of responsibility slowly accumulates to the point where the dude burning jews alive says `` but they told me he was a child rapist so i was just defending my race '' . 
  and that guy is n't a `` monster '' either .
