  they want the eu to end . 
   not being able to move within europe means that people would be primarily of their nationality , not europeans . 
  lol was everyone a nationalist before the eu ? 
  people `` are of their nationality '' regardless of eu or not , that does not mean they will turn into nationalists though . 
  nope . 
  le pen does not compromise . 
  she has been extermely clear and vocal about what she wants : end of the eu and return to nationalism , where everyone lives in strictly enforced monocultures with minimal contact with other countries ... except for trade , so that the elites and the big business can continue to profit . 
  you ca n't compromise with people who have specific goals , goals they are willing to do anything to reach . 
  stop calling me racist mate, 
   why people think that brexit means all these people get deported ? 
  if these people were already welcome , then the uk would n't have to brexit . 
  pretty much everyone agrees by now that the vote was driven by immigration . 
  so 52 % of the country voted against immigration * from the eu * . 
  see how those people like . 
  as a skilled immigrant myself ( it ) there is no way i am going to live there now , despite there being a demand in it . 
  why should n't i go to any other european country where i can plan for my future more than 2 years in advance . 
  and avoid the absolutely ridiculous bureaucracy of getting visas , when the system might change again because their population apparently has had too many foreigners ? 
   practically nobody who voted leave has anything against german and spanish educated workers coming to the uk . 
  except you just told them to fuck off . 
  especially the young and educated ones . 
  the syrians at calais are not from the eu . 
  syria is not in the eu . 
   the public seem to want a point based system so only those with skills we need can come over . 
  the market decides what is needed . 
  if , today , you can land a job in the uk then you are effectively needed . 
   i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  it is not going to happen within the eu . 
  we have been through this 100 times . 
   people who are citizens want their interests in their own country put before citizens of other countries . 
  unless these citizens are muslims , evidently , since half the country voted to deport them, 
  its a fact you moron , half the people voted against foreigners because they are stealing their jerbs and destroying white culture and raping white daughters and destroying proud england it is a fact . 
  funny thing is , it is about to get worse . 
  what will you say then ? 
  probably keep denying reality in hope it will go away nobody is racist do n't call us racist there are zero racists in the uk political correctness has gone mad !!, 
  you better hope that is not true because the people who can afford to leave like that are usually educated , skilled and net contributors . 
  skilled professionals are highly sought after and will be snatched away . 
  it 's the poor immigrants who live from paycheck to paycheck and support families that ca n't leave . 
  by harassing them all you are doing is making their life miserable . 
  maybe that is the point though ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i ca n't imagine why a country would fuck itself over like that . 
  in all seriousness this is a great idea . 
  just give the people one extra protest option , so that their feelings can be better gauged in relation to the issue . 
  sadly though i do n't see any government doing something so cool . 
  i think the uk eurosceptics is ( were ? ), 
  a different breed . 
  not really caring about political reality but ideologically predetermined to unravel or cripple the eu from the inside . 
  their referendum was not based on anything the eu did wrong , since the uk had their way anyway . 
  it was just a political trick by cameron that backfired . 
  if the other eurosceptics see this and learn to express themselves in a democratic and concise manner , and set up a referendum for something negotiable , something concrete , some specific issues that can be discussed , then sure , i hope the eu listens and has 100s of them . 
  but if you wanted the eu to satisfy the uk 's eurosceptics , tough luck . 
  these peoples ' problems are not fixable by the eu . 
  these people wanted less immigrants . 
  what do you want the eu to do ? 
  deport all polish people ? 
  deport all muslim people ? 
  give them back the # 350 million we did not take from them ? 
  promise to not take their queen away ( whcih we never fucking intended to ) ? 
  i mean seriously . 
  dialogue requires both parties to come to the table and approximate the intelligence of human beings . 
  yes i voted for hitler but i was more concerned with my country 's economy . 
  my reasons where purely economical , i do n't care about all that aryan race crap . 
  i mean i have jewish friends and i do n't hit gypsies so i am not a racist i swear ... 
   t 's amazing how many people do n't get that they actually do get that . 
  at least all the eurosceptics in greece get it , because a weaker country is easier to steer towards putin , their great leader . 
  this new plan requires one essential ingredient : the misery and tears of the united kingdom . 
  and what is your genius answer ? 
  the people just voted to get out because they think the ec is too strong . 
  now they are out . 
  these people are gone . 
  so ... * lets go ahead and heed their wishes , despite them having left * . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  i think the european commission needs to open a new position just for you / u/fairisquick , a prestigious one from which you can dispense your precious knowledge . 
  well that is too fucking bad you are still accountable even if you are not responsible . 
  this is a lesson that , being greek , i know all too well ... 
  i reckon you are about to learn it too for what its worth , i am sorry if this ends up personally affecting your life , but hopefully the lesson will be learned . 
  yeah no these are refugees we are talking about , not immigrants . 
  your immigrants , your eu ones that you are planning to kick out , are net contributors . 
  and in any case your economy is ( was ? ), 
  great with a 5.4 % unemployment rate . 
  greece is poor and shitty . 
  so even if you took the same amount of refugees ( and you have n't , not even fucking close , different orders of magnitude ) you would be lucky . 
  you would be getting a great deal of course this shit does n't matter because i do n't expect a brexiter to understand the subtle semantical difference between a `` refugee '' and an `` immigrant '' especially since your side has willingly decided to abandon facts in their post-modern crusade for the revival of a long lost national identity wake the fuck up . 
  people voted overwhelmingly against immigration , against foreigners in the uk . 
  and all you care about is to run around demanding do n't call anyone a racist nobody is a racist stop calling them racists . 
  people are calling for mass deportations ? 
  they are not racists stop calling us racists we are not racists etc this is a joke and i promise you your country will be made to regret it , soon enough . 
   also you 're putting words in his mouth , he said he refused to believe that all of the 17 million were racist . 
  which is him putting words in my mouth because neither me nor anyone here ever hinted that 17 million are racist but somehow its ok to put words in my mouth , bad if someone does it to a brexiter god forbid - we need to divert all attention from racism asap, 
   i refuse to believe there 's 17 million lazy racists . 
  unemployment is 5.4 % . 
  i do n't know why that is so hard to understand yes , these people are needed . 
  pretty much all eu immigration is needed since it brings in a net benefit and of course you refuse to believe that there are any racists whatsoever , i think this is clear by now, 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  its honestly hard to tell, 
  lol you threw a hissy fit because your pm promised to take in 20,000 refugees by 2020 meanwhile greece is stranded with half a fucking million of them . 
  and what did you do ? 
  abandon ship and damage the markets in a very dangerous time . 
  so thanks for that . 
  brits have this weird superiority complex .
