  i personally have asked several people for examples and nobody has given me any , except anecdotal ones ( * hurr dur some dudes in college called me a racist once and i felt so sad * ) . 
  except now ... when white people are the targets of racism . 
  true and , dare i say , it is awesome ? 
  no offence . 
  its like we are breaking ground here , innovating in new kinds of racism we need a sociologist to come up with a new term for it . 
  i would propose `` inverse racism '' because it seems like reverse racism but its not quite the same, 
  sadly yes , you get too much heat right now the reason is n't because you are english btw , its because this racism targeted also white people ( mostly poles , some romanians , this german woman now ) so it becomes an instant hit, 
  you are replying to the wrong person . 
   well , firstly i am of the opinion that this kind of behavior needs to be stopped ergardless . 
  yeah no shit ? 
  i thought that goes without saying . 
  but it is sad that we need to state it explicitly in case we are accused of terrorist sympathizing or something . 
   these situations do grow nationalist sentiment , and it is an exponential process . 
  i think the only thing one can safely correlate nationalism with is a declining economy . 
  it is very difficult to correlate it to anything besides becoming poorer . 
  brits always said that there are too many foreigners : https://cdn2.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/usbyqlxvfxn_yqiksvpqbkyohyq=/800x0/filters:no_upscale ( ) / cdn0.vox-cdn . com/uploads/chorus _ asset/file/6706387 / screen % 20shot % 202016-06-25 % 20at % 2011.48.07 % 20am.png , even at 1964 , way before the eu days . 
  and the brexit campaign was rooted in literally denying facts . 
  i do n't think i need sources for that . 
  do you trust these peoples ' rational thought process ? 
  i do n't . 
   this does not suddenly and spontaneously happen just because a handful of immigrants moved into the neighborhood . 
  something has gone deeply wrong here . 
  something is extremely wrong . 
  in all honesty , if the police found the dude spraying acid at people , i would be very happy if they gunned him down . 
  acid can kill or , at best , horrifically disfigure you . 
  this behavior is past the point of correction . 
  i just do n't think nationalism is affected by it one way or another . 
  in fact , if you look at times in history where nationalism was high , it was all 100 % conservative white . 
  now that we are more multicultural , nationalism is relatively down . 
   the stereotypes are being justified ever more frequently do you know this ? 
  i am not saying they are not since i do n't even know which stereotype you mean . 
  but my point is that to validate your statement we need historical data for these attacks . 
  which we do n't have . 
  allright then . 
  i will note your username , and from now onwards i expect you to call out * each and every anecdotal story that involves muslims doing something bad * , with the same passion . 
  for the record there has been a [ 57 % increase ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/brexit-hate-crime-racism-reports-eu-referendum-latest-a7106116.html ) in hate speech offences since the referendum , but i am sure you will find some way to invalidate that fact as well . 
  does that mean that this particular incident is true ? 
  no , but it takes a lot of cynicism and sociopathy to call a radio show crying , giving that weeping speech , for no discernible reason . 
  though yeah i guess lying it is always a possibility , just as the women who alleged to have been raped during the cologne attacks , i mean we do n't have any concrete evidence nor a concluded trial yet . 
  so i am looking forward to seeing you go out and question the motives of these 5 `` allegedly '' raped women and also the hundreds of `` alleged '' sexual attack complaints . 
  there is no hard evidence . 
  rape culture is made up by the leftist globalist media anyway right ? 
  being against political correctness means `` i want to say what is in my mind without suffering any consequences '' . 
  it is really a one way street . 
  ah yes , the expected reply . 
  someone claiming racism ? 
  there are no facts !, 
  nobody is a racist !, 
  uneducated poor white bum claiming his job was stolen by immigrants ? 
  who cares about facts !, 
  100 % true !, 
  our media never lies !, 
   and it is the fact that this kind of behavior is not cracked down hard on that is a big part you mean to say that if these people were arrested , the right wing or rather the brexiters would change their mind ? 
  these people do not form opinions based on facts . 
  even if these muslims were deported on the spot their reaction would be `` but but but what about all the rest ? '', 
  but according to / r/europe racism is over !, 
  there is no more racism !, 
  nobody is a racist anymore !, 
   if these damn federation ideologists and expansionists had not been in control laughable . 
  the uk got a lot of special treatment , they were catered to more often than not , yet they still left . 
  you need to realize that these are nationalists who are ideologically predetermined to oppose the eu . 
  does n't matter if we federate or not . 
  you give an inch , they take a mile . 
  if we agreed to never federate , their next target would be freedom of movement . 
  and so on . 
  i mean the whole referendum was cameron 's political gamble . 
  it was not drawn up in reaction to more federalization . 
  it was his party squabbles that led to this . 
   here in japan , there are a few far-right groups that spout racism against immigrants , but even they have almost no problem with highly-educated immigrants from rich countries . 
  great !, 
  52 % of the country almost has no problem with them . 
  i am sure they will be happy to hear that . 
  just to clarify , you still do n't think its racist if people want to deport communities of people who did nothing illegal or wrong ? 
  more importantly , let me see how you wiggle your way out of this . 
  [ hate crime gone up 57 % ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/brexit-hate-crime-racism-reports-eu-referendum-latest-a7106116.html ) . 
  bring it on . 
  to help you out ( your people are gon na need the help , believe me ) i can offer you some prepared answers : * stop calling them racist * political correctness has gone mad * i said , stop calling them racist * they are all lying . 
  these accusations are made up * just to make it clear , these people are not racist * but what about the muslims ? 
  * muslims rape people all the time !, 
  why is n't anyone talking about that ? 
  * hate crime is not real crime , bunch of pussies * one last time , stop calling them racist you can pick any number of answers . 
   promote commerce which is great if you are an elite or own big business . 
  for the everyday person , freedom of movement is how he or she can benefit too . 
   it does n't cover eu immigrants who apply for underqualified jobs , thus create an oversupply of employees in low paying job , which makes it harder for the native workers to find jobs , and in a worst case scenario lead to inreasingly lower wages . 
  not going to happen . 
  we wo n't just let the big companies of the rich countries dominate the market . 
  free market without free movement is like colonization . 
  freedom of movement offers a chance for the poorer countries to share some of that wealth and work experience , that they might bring back . 
   but also that the countries of origin apparently do n't have enough jobs for their worker you mean like 5.4 % unemployment and ~ 700,000 open jobs the uk had ? 
  that kind of market ? 
  this is just an excuse for people who do n't want immigrants . 
  yes , queue the `` hurr durr do n't call them racists '' complaints , but i fully respect their right to not want immigrants . 
  outside the eu . 
   something is wrong when millions of people move to other countries to claim low-paying jobs that should first and foremost go to the native population unfortunately , under capitalism , its the business owner that decides who these jobs go to . 
  this is what the western world , ** conservatives and right-wingers ** more than anyone , overwhelmingly decided . 
  they do n't get to change their mind now . 
  so unless we are talking about a transition to a centralized/planned economy , all of this is just noise . 
  wake up . 
  the uk does not want the eu to reform . 
  the uk 's so-called eurosceptics do not want reform .
