  the goal is to segregate them further . 
  if people wanted them to integrate , they would stop foaming at the mouth for one moment in case one of them wanted to come in . 
  what is worrying is why you are opposed to accepting any refugees ( as per international treaties that every nation signed ) when you do n't have any contact with them ? 
  you keep telling us how horrible they are , how they hate the west , how islam is totally 100 % incompatible with our values ... yet you have n't met any of them . 
  so as you can see your `` argument '' cuts both ways . 
   i 've been assaulted and robbed by a tunisian muslim , which sucks , because it has n't exactly given me a good experience of their culture . 
  wow . 
  imagine if you went to the spain and got robbed ( happened to a friend of mine ) . 
  would any sane person criticize the spanish culture because of that ? 
   power of media is quite amazing honestly , once something is taboo to speak about ( in sweden 's case , immigration ) the media will keep it that way . 
  yet its all we hear about . 
  just giving you a more honest perspective here : talking about immigrants is quite common and obviously allowed to do . 
  you are not some kind of victim who is n't aloud to raise his voice due to political correctness . 
  its common in the media and becoming even more common by the day . 
  i do n't know what you wish to achieve by pushing this agenda , that you are allegedly being silenced and not allowed to speak . 
  i guess more anger ? 
  more rage against immigrants ? 
  ah you mean the aljazeera progressive leftist liberal propaganda ? 
  right . 
  dude i have things to do and am not here to indulge your national pride defense campaign on reddit . 
  just take it easy . 
  people reply when they have the chance . 
  anyway , here is the last gem of yours :  so was mine . 
  `` you have yet to answer in any meaningful way to my most meaningful argument . '', 
  here , there it was without sarcasm . 
  your argument was that poor greeks are somehow valuable for the eu 's economy . 
  yeah , sarcasm is all that deserves , especially since you failed to explain your position and condescendingly mocked mine . 
   please do not propagate hateful ignorance . 
  since you sport that greek flag , it looks 10 times worse than it should . 
  of course , you are free to do what you want . 
  i can only say what i think is right . 
  see you around . 
  yet i will keep sporting it . 
  and not only that , i 'll even engage more , expressing my opinion ( hateful ignorance according to you ) a couple of times more , just for you . 
  as a gift . 
  how about that  and finally , you truly have the country you deserve . 
  it 's built for people like you and i hope you enjoy it . 
  sadly , you wo n't enjoy it , you will go and find the work that those evil europeans will offer you , take their money , and complain every single day as most greek immigrants do . 
  so yeah see you around . 
   i just know for a fact these ideas while overwhelmingly present in the population are rarely formulated by mainstream political actors that is an insane proposition too . 
  you do n't know that and claiming to know that makes your opinion funny and not to be taken seriously . 
  i know , i know , * stop calling me racist !, 
  stop calling me a nazi !, 
  political correctness is silencing my proud voice !, 
  * it 's ok . 
  ah , godwin 's law , even when talking about economics . 
  other countries have received bailout packages too , and they did n't fuck up completely . 
  so if greece is forgiven what will spain , ireland , portugal and cyprus say ? 
  the only way that debt forgiveness can be made palatable is if greece truly gives into reforms and lets the troika run the budget or something . 
  but that is not going to happen because * our proud national independence and proud sovereignty * etc. 
  so we will just keep floating just an inch above bankruptcy for the foreseeable future . 
  at least , like this , the damage has been contained . 
  you were either in the capitalist west or a communist . 
  the world was different back then . 
  and it was decided that greece would be in the west , so they helped the anti-communist side win in the civil war , gave us money , rest is history . 
  an the germans are to blame for that ? 
  we had decades since the end of the greek civil war to set up a functioning economy and a semblance of a modern state . 
  we received so much money . 
  and ok i was n't expecting our economy to be awesome , just that it would n't fail so incomparably hard . 
   you can pretend it 's racists who the fuck called these women racists ? 
   i was incredibly shocked by the fact that someone that lived in greece said those things . 
  and i will talk to you regarding that . 
  block me if you want . 
  and if you continue talking to me regarding that , expect sarcasm . 
  block me if you do n't like it . 
   thanks for agreeing . 
  once more , it was sarcasm . 
   this comparison with other countries is pointless . 
  greece did n't recover from the debt crisis mostly because of the austerity measures that were forced upon it . 
  what happens in the rest of the world is not pointless . 
  austerity measures were voluntary agreed upon and everyone else pulled through except greece . 
  and i was honest in my sarcasm . 
  it does n't matter , if you are so incredibly shocked by a simple opinion just do n't talk to me . 
  so , having poorer greeks is valuable for the eu 's economy . 
  right . 
  what i meant was that the other 4 countries recovered from their debt crisis . 
  we did n't . 
  so why do you think they are not listening to you ? 
  you have to decide , are politicians with you or against you ? 
  i wonder , which country will be last ? 
  based on the politicians they elected , yes . 
  i do n't appreciate you being speechless as if i am saying something crazy . 
  if you ca n't handle a simple opinion then do n't talk to me . 
   it does make sense . 
  if you see a punch coming , it is valuable for you to dodge it , even if it means putting someone else between you and it as a shield . 
  i am not sure how that is hard to grasp . 
  it 's pretty hard to grasp why someone would assume this when nothing like it is actually happening . 
  greece is something like 3 % of the gdp yet somehow we could shield them ? 
  also five countries got bailout packages yet only greece continues to fail , so that does n't make sense . 
  ok i see that you are just trolling so i 'm not gon na feed you anymore . 
  mfw this pattern repeats itself on every election yet its somehow the eu 's fault, 
   listen to their citizens . 
  when the majority of european citizens are against the mass immigration , as evidenced by just about every election in the last few years , do n't force it upon the nation states . 
  it will only make anti-eu voices grow louder on a national level as citizens become more disenfranchised . 
  that does not include all citizens . 
  there are people who are against accepting refugees as per multinational treaties mandate , that is their right , but that does n't represent everyone . 
  you might be extremely vocal but you are still a minority so you do n't get to push your opinions on the rest of us . 
   stop pushing member states into the role of bad guy , especially if the eu itself is partially responsible for creating the mess in the first place ( greece ) . 
  the eu knew full well that greece was n't ready to join the eu ( neither were bulgaria or romania ) but added them anyways , hoping the economic boom of the 90s-early 00s would last . 
  blaming the eu for greece 's incompetence will damage everyone in the long run .
