  many people care about economics you know , not just marxists . 
   and i am definitely against the bad elite which currently has full power over europe . 
  but i am for a `` good elite '' . 
  so basically you want your guys to be in charge . 
  how surprising . 
  i totally did not see that coming / s, 
   this is one of the many reasons the uk voted to leave . 
  ** this is why trump won ** / s, 
  lol this is like the default answer to everything . 
  read something you disagree with ? 
  this is why trump won . 
   dogmatic suppression of the rural and working class and greying societies is this drama really necessary ? 
  the west is n't doing great ? 
  you guys have forgotten what shit smells like, 
  do n't cut that sentence off  who was claiming that according to `` traditional french values '' , the woman is only good for `` sweeping , mopping , washing and fulfilling her marital duties , '' why are nationalists silent about these values and only talk about muslims ? 
  i wonder . 
  yup , one bad choice can ruin the party for everyone . 
  got ta be careful . 
   it 's a crisis when you go a decade without developing viable alternatives whatever the reason . 
  maybe people did n't want alternatives ? 
  occam 's razor . 
  you do n't have to assume foul play because things do n't go your way . 
   while in fact trump got a lot of people outside the party to vote for him . 
  the constant smear campaign that painted him as some racist rapist kkk member put of a lot of the puritan voters . 
  that is one way to look at it . 
  but what if these people voted because they either agreed with the `` smear '' campaign or just did n't care ? 
  or just thought clinton was terrible and were forced to vote for trump . 
  i think it was a combination of a shitty candidate along with large amounts of propaganda , like the wikileaks thing . 
  even if you think that shit was legit , a candidate without these skeletons in his or her closet would have blasted trump . 
  this should be a new meme . 
  i mean it is becoming ridiculous . 
  you read something you disagree with ? 
  this is why trump got elected, 
  this is an awesome post and i applaud your cynicism . 
  who said it 's not ? 
  are you playing the `` you disagree with me therefore you are oppressing me '' card ? 
   and yet they decided they do n't want any more migrants . 
  maybe they do n't like being in competition with imported , low education , low salary immigration . 
  does not contradict what i said . 
  i pointed out that it does n't make sense to complain about jobs when you literally have too many of them . 
   understand that brexit is the fruit of a democratic process . 
  and the longer you stay in your ivory tower opinion that it 's `` good for the economy '' , the longer the right will make gains . 
  understand that people are allowed to disagree with you without being smug liberals locked in their ivory towers . 
   here is a comment of my own if you want to know more about what i mean . 
  yeah you make a lot of assumptions about how things should work , yet in reality you had close to full employment . 
  if immigrants stole each job from a local , how did that happen ? 
  try explaining that . 
   a bigger gdp number does not mean each individual is better off . 
  true , but it does n't mean that they are worse off either , nor that the decline is to be blamed on immigrants and muslims . 
   no no no , i 'm not talking about past automation . 
  i 'm talking about the incurring one , and the future one . 
  nobody is talking about that , which is the real tragedy imho . 
   these shitty media outlets are two sides of the same coin . 
  we can agree on that . 
  i commented on why breitbart became successful . 
   yeah and if buzzfeed 's so sick of white men and right wing journalism , maybe they should move to north korea were there are neither . 
  that 's your logic . 
  not my logic , but breitbart 's logic . 
  they put down `` femininsts '' for complaining too much . 
  then they engage in a nation-wide campaign of whining and crying oppression . 
  so they should take their own advice and log off everytime someone offends them . 
  it is fair , no ? 
  the government changes it when they want to downplay the unemployment levels . 
  this has happened multiple times for the last 20 years . 
  yeah i heard you the first time , no sense in repeating you man . 
  i 'd like to know when and how these definitions change , so that i can reach some conclusions . 
   you do n't get 60m votes by accident . . 
  does not contradict what i said . 
   he did n't . 
  they are shuffling the definitions of unemployment for the last 20 years in order to avoid that . 
  here is the curr `` definition '' : i read the part about the definitions , but i do n't see where and how that definition changed over time . 
   trump would n't have happened if people had jobs and were satisfied . 
  trump would n't have happened if the democrats had a better candidate . 
  most of the people still voted for clinton , but the democrat turnout was lower . 
   breitbart rebelled against the thought policing from the pc crowd , hence the success . 
  no , their success was predicated on exploiting situations like the refugee crisis . 
  they saw people being frightened and confused and they jumped in . 
  they are opportunists that became famous on the suffering of our continent . 
  you are much better off following mainstream media than breitbart . 
  you know why ? 
  because you already know the bias of mainstream media , it 's like the devil you know kind of deal . 
  you know their biases so you can properly assess what they are telling you . 
  not the same with breitbart , the once-fringe circus of ideologues . 
  their extreme nationalist bias is not well known . 
  here are some headlines :  there 's no hiring bias against women in tech , they just suck at interviews  birth control makes women unattractive and crazy  bill kristol : republican spoiler , renegade jew  lesbian bridezillas bully bridal shop owner over religious beliefs  teenage boys with tits : here 's my problem with ghostbusters  hoist it high and proud : the confederate flag proclaims a glorious heritage and my favorite :  the solution to online ` harassment ' is simple : women should log off maybe they should log off everytime someone calls them a racist , instead of whining about it . 
  sorry if i got you wrong , but all that sounds morally relativistic is there no way to determine if someone is actually racist ? 
  is it always liberals making up shit ? 
  ca n't someone be objectively a racist ? 
  i kind of agree . 
  not all religions are the same . 
  but their fundamental bedrock is the same : you have to believe in stuff without evidence . 
  that is the cancer . 
  much like real cancer , it manifests in different ways and in different stages . 
  but it is still cancer and must be condemned even if it is benign . 
  they ca n't even handle some booing . 
  these people are politicians and get so upset by the fact that some people booed them . 
  guess what , there is going to be more of that coming . 
   left claiming victimhood for every criticism while dishing out unsubstantiated and made up insults to the opposition is not a sustainable state of affairs . 
  this was not the state of affairs . 
  the state of affairs was : everyone insulted everyone .
