  make any assumptions you want about his ( or her ) life as a uk tourist . 
  and yes , this * is * the issue , in case you try to change the subject : whether or not the alarmism is justified . 
  on the other hand , my point is simple and clearer . 
  i 'll make it even simpler : * isis attacks are , from our point of view , random . 
  there is no knowledge about our uk tourist that would increase or decrease our `` degrees of belief '' about him experiencing an isis attack . 
  if you do possess such knowledge , please tell us about it , and do n't forget to email the nsa because they 'd love to hear it . 
  a convenient cop-out . 
  listen , just because you ca n't have 100 % perfect knowledge of someone 's circumstances does not mean you ca n't use statistics to gain insight . 
  i challenged you to make any sort of assumption you want about our user , to demonstrate your point . 
  so it does n't come out like you care about good understanding of science . 
  what you care about seems to be putting down any opinion that does n't unquestionably give in to muslim-terror . 
  using a veneer of scientific-sounding words to do so . 
  so the ball is in your court if you want to explain further , though i expect a condescending reply like `` hurr durr you are too dumb to understand my science '' . 
   and that 's precisely the flawed thinking i addressed . 
  he 's also a mammal , how many mammals per capita die of car crashes ? 
  the statistics dont ' talk about mammals , but humans . 
  everyone is very clear that we are talking about human beings and not mammals in general . 
  i do n't know what point you are trying to make , but i suspect you want to further confuse and cloud the relatively simple issue , because fear and panic lead to karma in this sub . 
  i mean seriously who talked about mammals ? 
   and we 're talking of tourism in paris . 
  so those stats are not necessarily representative . 
  again you talk platitudes here about how bad statistics are - when it comes to terrorism , that is , i imagine the agenda is that statistics are flawed when it comes to terrorism therefore we should keep being scared and paranoid . 
  so let 's be more specific . 
  if you are an british tourist in paris , what are your chances of dying from terrorism ? 
  compared to , say , driving a car in the uk ? 
  let 's make these assumptions about the poster above , for the sake of discussion . 
   you should actually try reading my comment and understanding it , instead of replying with comments that completely ignore everything i just said . 
  maybe you should take your own advice . 
  the chances of `` anyone on the planet '' are perfectly valid predictor for him . 
  you know why ? 
  because : * he literally is anyone on the planet if you want to argue that he is more or less likely than anyone ( ? ), 
  else , go ahead and explain how . 
  instead of posting wikipedia links and being smug about it . 
  the depths people go to to justify their irrational fear , this thread is hillarious the numbers ( usually ) presented are for a random person . 
  like for any person on the planet , the chances are like 1 in 9,3 million . 
  yes , of course you 'd assume that his personal circumstances make it * more * likely for him to die in such an attack , and conveniently neglect that they might also make it * less * likely . 
  why ? 
  you do n't know how and when isis will attack . 
  they might blow up a wedding or a metal concert . 
  his personal circumstances matter little in such a random event . 
  i mean , if you actually know where and why isis might attack then you would be working for the nsa and not spending your time in reddit  regarding this second point , this is why i always say schools should emphasise the bayesian interpretation of probabilities no , schools should educate people on how the media operates . 
  just because they spread hysteria and panic each time an attack occurs , does not mean that an attack is likely . 
  even if you fudge the numbers , the odds of dying in such an attack are astronomcially rare . 
  it 's just not going to happen  you 're simply regurgitating a meaningless impossible to check pseudo-statistical argument . 
  greece loses like ~ 1000 people each year from car accidents , which is an absolutely disgusting number , yet sadly people are like you who base their life priorities on the perception the media creates for them instead of actual data . 
  you know why ? 
  actual data is boring . 
  making data-driven decision is boring as fuck . 
  what are you going to do , wash your hands more and be careful not to slip in the shower ? 
  no fuck that ... getting excited and angry against muslim refugees raping and killing everyone is way more interesting not to mention it generates more ad venue, 
  yes it was quick but it still took four years . 
  that is a lot of time which you do n't have . 
  but more importantly , the eu negotiated the treaty . 
  the leverage , experience and expertise the eu brought to bear was unmatched . 
  you ca n't really rival that . 
  i think that is the key difference . 
  i see your point . 
  thanks for the polite reply . 
   do you think eu can be reformed ? 
  of course . 
  it 's not the same entity it was in 1951 nor the same in 1991 . 
  it keeps changing and it will change . 
  the problem is that the demands of the nationalists are outright unrealistic . 
  the people who voted brexit , they do n't want to reform the eu , they want it gone for good . 
  agreed . 
  also first time i 've talked to someone from the isle of man !, 
  what kind of a flag is that ? 
  are those three legs joined together ? 
   otherwise i 'd get something like 900 euro after taxes , which is borderline insulting . 
  it 's not borderline insulting , it has actually crossed the border like a refugee . 
  it is insane that a doctor would be paid so little , it 's like a health hazard for people if their doctors are worried if they can afford rent ffs . 
  i am sorry you have to go through this shit we all understand that you are not the problem ( even if you abused it ) but there are many people that sadly are willing to abuse it just to buy a new porshce to impress teh ladies and obviously they should pay doctors ( of all people ! ), 
  a fair salary w / good job security, 
  exactly this is what has [ destroyed greece 's capacity to collect taxes ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/this-is-the-real-reason-greece-has-a-massive-tax-evasion-problem-2015-2?ir=t ) , or even know how much taxes are owed ( and thus plan a sensible budget ), 
   do you really spend all day getting riled up about comments here ? 
  you are literally everywhere . 
  an ad hominem always adds a lot of credibility and validity to your comments , not to mention how * totally * over 18 it makes you look . 
   its like you people are 18 and have never been bought shit never been bought shit ? 
  can you try to talk like an adult at least ? 
  that is not true , look it up, 
   everything is negotiable . 
  no , it 's not . 
  you have been told a billion times that freedom of movement is * not * negotiable if you want access to the market . 
  of course you did n't listen because you dismiss others as `` rabid leftists '' . 
  so you are mostly in favor of it but wanted to uk to break away ? 
  to what end ? 
  you just said it ca n't be reformed ... 
  how did you manage to complain that you are being called a racist ? 
  you guys are the ultimate drama queens and never cease to amaze me . 
  literally anything i write to people like you will be met with a response : * do n't call me racist !, 
  i 'm not a racist !, 
  * go do some psychotherapy or something and do n't project your issues onto others . 
  why pretend you wan na give them a `` reality check '' when you want the eu gone ? 
  i asked the same thing to our brit friend who deleted his comment . 
  you have an ideological hatred to the eu , so there is little sense in pretending you want to `` reform '' it . 
  i am beyond words that in / r/europe it 's always non-germans getting upset and offended at the german 's behalf . 
  one sees this constantly in this sub , especially from american/trumptard posters : * the germans are so stupid !, 
  they are destroying their country !, 
  they are self-haters !, 
  * ummm maybe millions of people who simply disagree with you are not stupid ?
