  you really think that rejecting metaphysical bullshit is `` angry , feafull , jealous or cruel '' ? 
  i think it 's common sense . 
  there are no magical souls attached to lumps of cells inside women . 
  it is literally insane to believe this and i do n't think i am wrong for pointing this out . 
   it 's very easy to label all people endorsing this law as blind idiots and morons , but much more difficult to actually examine their reasoning . 
  what if you examine their views and then come to the conclusion that they are blind idiots and morons ? 
  i do n't understand why rejecting something means you are ignorant about it , or just arrogant . 
  well only if you assume that the people who expressed these positive feelings were immigrants themselves . 
  we are not the same people as those of the past . 
  we have nothing to do with their culture , politics , religion , worldview or values . 
  being greek today means something absolutely different than 2000 years ago . 
  we are who we are now ; our problems are inherent in our present-day culture and social life . 
  they are not inherent in our dna , because we are just humans as everyone else . 
  i was n't implying that our problems are ... biological . 
  anyway as long as our culture exists and remains largely intact , these problems will never go away . 
  we have to make a clean break with the past , exactly because our problems are inherent in our greekness, 
   it 's a pretty solid observation . 
  your observation is as good as your intelligence i.e. 
  not very good . 
   you on the other hand have from the start refused to adress anything on content bla bla bla go ahead and show us how 50 % of the people will be gone in an average lifetime , instead of whining . 
   no , in fact i could n't vote because i was n't of legal age to vote . 
  the first elections i could vote for were the 2012 ones , where i chose to abstain as a kind of `` protest '' to our political parties . 
  i 'm fully aware that by abstaining , i still contribute to the outcome though . 
  i do n't care whether or what you voted for . 
  the point is that greeks created their political system . 
   so the system that papandreou created , where people could exchange favours for votes did n't create that fucked up mindset where the greek people would vote for anyone who promised the most `` free stuff '' ? 
  now the blame shifted to papandreou . 
  the list of excuses is never-ending . 
  people were extremely happy to exchange votes for jobs in the public sector . 
  the everyday , normal `` poor yet proud '' greeks loved that shit . 
  this is because our culture has no democratic awareness , we do n't really understand how democracy works and how a modern representative state should run . 
   the irony . 
  i went out and did something about it . 
  once you grow up , you 'll find out that that is not what `` irony '' means . 
   when in reality it is actually _ post_judice , based on actual experience , as with increased diversity people know more about other ethnicities , not less . 
  no , not in reality . 
  just like with brexit , the areas who had the fewest immigrants were the areas [ who voted for brexit ] ( http://theconversation.com/hard-evidence-how-areas-with-low-immigration-voted-mainly-for-brexit-62138 ) . 
  your blind generalization that prejudice derives from * more * knowledge is unfounded . 
  and i get it , because you do n't seem to know what the word `` prejudice '' means . 
  but more on that below . 
  for now , you completely missed the point of the study :  the survey of 1,036 residents in leeds and 1,179 in warsaw found the actual ethnic diversity of a neighbourhood did not have a negative effect on how people felt towards minority ethnic groups . 
  on the contrary , in leeds people living in areas with a higher share of non-white british residents expressed more favourable attitudes towards immigrants and refugees . 
  the people who live in diverse societies , and thus know more about them , are * favorable * to immigrants and refugees . 
   i love this so open an obvious bias in modern liberalism , they are not even sugarcoating it anymore : if you have a negative view of any group , you must be wrong , it is just declared so . 
  i love how you do n't know what the words you use atually mean . 
  prejudice :  an unfair feeling of dislike for a person or group because of race , sex , religion , etc. 
  note the `` unfair '' part . 
  that is what prejudice means . 
  it does n't mean `` any feeling of dislike '' , it means `` any unfair feeling of dislike '' . 
  i love how open the worship of ignorance and orwellianism is in modern conservativism , where the base meaning of the words does not matter except in the quest for ideological dominance . 
   so , as you have an inferiority complex towards the more successful european citizens , you 're frantically trying to show them how different you are from the rest of the greeks . 
  yes , and i am pretty successful at that . 
  my whole life proves it . 
  i am not the typical greek like you , to sit home and blame everyone else but myself . 
  and yes pretty much all greeks blame someone else , just like you . 
  your favorable target is the politicians or `` the political system '' . 
  as if you do n't vote . 
  as if these people came to power by accident or conspiracy . 
  every fucking person who talks to me finds another excuse . 
  now its `` the political system '' and how it `` destroyed our mindset '' . 
  do you even believe this shit . 
  it is just ridiculous . 
  you label your failure as `` inferiority complex '' and try to pretend its not there . 
  well , it is . 
  nice to see you admitting you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  have fun living in your imaginary world . 
   you are just mad because your favorite mass psychosis is being toned down . 
  yup . 
  a lot of this sub is angry conservatives being mad that their delusions are marginalized , and they love using muslims or islam as an excuse to bring them back . 
  i mean this guy went to terrorism in a fucking hearbeat . 
  * catholicism is being toned down ? 
  quick spread hysteria and panic !, 
  if we do n't teach religion at schools , we will have more terrorists !, 
  * impressive is n't it ? 
   population growth is a massive factor in economic growth , otherwise large countries would n't generally have larger economies than small countries . 
  i do n't think you understand these terms . 
  growth is not the same as size . 
   i 'm just saying , we 'll get smaller as a country which puts an extra onus on us in trying to preserve or grow economic activity . 
  not really . 
  you ca n't keep growing forever . 
  i do n't understand why people refuse to see this ? 
  i mean i do understand , it 's probably based on conservative moralizing . 
  but it still sounds insane to me . 
  i mean you understand that physical space is limited right ? 
  the earth is not spatially infinite . 
  i do n't know how else to put it . 
   it 's not that greeks inherently have problems how would you know ? 
  honest question, 
  i agree with everything you are saying . 
  greek culture is this religious , balkan , miserable , negative and ultimately pathetic construct . 
  its tenets are religious , superstitious , chauvinist , absolutely obsessed with the national image . 
  we respect only brute strength and brutality . 
  even the anarchists you mentioned burnt pregnant women alive in their criminal `` protests '' . 
  our worldview has no room for anything like human rights . 
  the only emotion we identify with is pride ( national pride ) or just anger against some group of people ( used to be americans , then turks , now its germans ) . 
  i am in germany too and even if i do n't stay here i am not going back . 
  fuck that shit . 
   speak for yourself , not on the behalf of 100 % of greeks . 
  it 'll still allow you to fit in with the cool kids . 
  fucking inferiority complex ... you literally proved my point .
