  but that would n't be fair to the rest of europe . 
  again , excuses . 
  since when does denmark or switzerland put `` the rest of europe '' before its own laws and refugee policies ? 
  you can totally do what i proposed if you just fucking want it . 
  you do n't have to justify yourselves to anyone  lol . 
  you clearly do n't know anything . 
  i apologize if that was too personal . 
  if i am wrong about you then it still stands for the country, 
  lol disagreeing with you is `` totalitarianism '' says more about you than you think, 
  haha my christian priest did not molest me ... yet, 
   i believe denmark would be a lot safer place if we had taken in more christian refugees and less muslim . 
  following your logic , it would be safer if you took in atheists i wonder why you do n't want that instead . 
  and by saying `` i wonder '' i mean `` i do n't wonder '' because i already know you favor one religion over the others, 
  yeah these muslim people fleeing the middle east totally chose to be muslim i am sure that their parents or educational system does not overtly favor one religion . 
  and when they become adults , they are allowed to freely choose between athesm and all the world 's religions equally . 
  edit : / s, 
   ms may explained her childhood growing up in a vicarage , her sense of duty and her strong christian faith drives her approach to life and work . 
  now , obviously , it is her right to have whatever faith she wants . 
  i think everyone agrees on that . 
  and anglicanism is like the mildest religion , so it is not a big deal . 
  i am pointing this out because people have said `` christianity is dead '' and `` europe is secular '' and made other similar assertions . 
  in any case , it is important to acknowledge the * facts * before we reach conclusions . 
  the fact here is that the leader of a country , during a critical moment in that country 's history , is deeply influenced by her faith . 
  she decides how to approach brexit party by her `` strong christian faith '' . 
  so whether you agree or disagree with this , it is important to get the facts straight . 
  no , we were talking about facts . 
  you conflated facts with `` governmental control of information '' same thing, 
   the advent of christianity in europe was not determinant to the abolishing of practices such as cerimonial murder . 
  yeah , they `` abolished '' it by making ceremonial murder the core tenet of their religion seriously , the whole basis of christianity is the ceremonial torture followed by human sacrifice you are right , all this sounds very unappealing to us living in the current era, 
   christianity managed to imprint upon a violent and highly tribal set of warrior societies that the killing of women , children and the clergy where not acceptable . 
  lol what are you talking about ? 
  christianity presided upon the most violent times of our collective existence . 
  i am not saying that priests supported these horrible acts ( obviously they did n't ) but they imprinted fuck all among our societies . 
  if nothing else , they made it worse . 
  secular humanism is way more effective in pacifying people , because christianity did not help against violence . 
  i love this skepticism . 
  i support it 100 % . 
  i just wish it was n't applied only when white people are involved . 
  no , because democracy actually exists, 
  you think determining the factuality of something is `` orwellian '' . 
  look this is going to sound like i am attacking you and you will report me but please do n't . 
  it is just hard for me to grasp that you can not grasp this , because to me this is so obvious . 
   yes facts exist and are real . 
  example , the earth orbits the sun . 
  this is a great example . 
  now , i assume you went to high school . 
  please do n't be offended because i do n't mean to offend . 
  but i want to ask : how do people verify this fact ? 
  the earth orbits the sun . 
  how do we verify this ? 
  i do n't understand why this is so confusing and frustrating . 
  and i assume it is confusing and frustrating because you do n't sound like a troll neither like a dude with an agenda . 
  so no offence once again . 
  i understand it as well as you do , i just do n't think its up to other people to tell me where i should work , live or study . 
  it 's up to me . 
  hello whataboutism my old friend ... 
  because it is pointless . 
  nobody wants to leave his or her home . 
  if there was opportunity there , they would have stayed . 
  so instead of being mad they could , i dunno , create a business and hire them ? 
  but it is easier to complain that actually do something . 
  i 'm sure more exciting things have happened . 
  like a thousand years ago , one time , a ship of vikings returned home full of loot and slaves, 
  so basically someone disagreed with you and you got offended . 
  what else is new ? 
  this is the internet , i 've been personally called worse things, 
  are they also pedophiles and satanists ? 
  do n't discount the possibility that he is stupid, 
   a lot of shot did you mean `` shit '' or is de maiziere planning to produce shotgun ammunition, 
  but russia is cracking down on homos , therefore it is a healthier society / s, 
  well , every system , no matter how good or bad , needs to preserve itself . 
  that is common sense . 
  you should not tolerate the intolerant . 
  people are using a lot of orwellian tactics to get liberals to drop that core principle . 
  and , lets be honest , we were n't very vigilant in enforcing it . 
  but it has to stand . 
  did they offer you a deal where the number of refugees would rise over time ? 
   that is all i have to say . 
  just so you wo n't keep wasting your time my friend . 
  and no need to backtrack on your threats , we all know what 's up, 
  they seem to be going for quantity over quality , that 's for sure, 
  `` do as we say or we will go back to the middle ages '' . 
  these threats do n't work on me . 
  that is all i have to say . 
   having part of your youth living abroad spreading culture and language in the world can really be benificial for your country . 
  not if your country is engulfed with nationalism . 
  if you are an educated professional who has or had lived abroad , you are automatically labelled a `` liberal elite '' . 
  it might actually have the opposite results . 
   and you also tend to have a poor view of your country . 
  maybe the reason you left is because you had a poor view of your country to begin with, 
  it is not a secret that i do n't respond well to threats . 
  i wish more liberals were like that tbh . 
   he would of ourse have substituted `` free democratic '' with `` national socialist '' . 
  you ca n't really use these terms interchangeably . 
  i agree that goebbels would have said something similar , but these terms are really different . 
  or rather , describe different things . 
  i 'd prefer that . 
  at least that way we can stop tolerating some people . 
  dude no , someone mentioned facts and heisego responded by talking about 1984 . 
  it is not a reduction .
