  it is indeed water . 
  forming a political viewpoint and/or voting based on the fact that the sun will explode , is just as silly . 
  yes , some day , western civilization will end . 
  if we want to have a meaningful discussion about it , we need to look at the when and how that will happen . 
  and these guys have been consistently wrong since [ 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) . 
   it is a stupid meta discussion that just shows how out of tune with society merkel and the political elite are . 
  you keep saying this in all your posts . 
  i 'd like to let you know two things . 
  society is not only limited to you and people who agree with you . 
  many others disagree . 
  if mekrel does something you do n't like , that does mot mean she is `` out of tune '' with society . 
  it means , simply , that she did something you did n't like . 
  that 's it . 
  there is no real disconnect because she is a popular leader that has been leading for years . 
  she has n't done a terrible job , as evidenced by democracy . 
  same thing happens when people discuss american politics . 
  they think some `` liberal ruling elite '' is out of touch with the `` proud yet poor hard-working peasants '' . 
  yet clinton got 2 million more people on her side , from all income levels . 
  therefore this narrative is fake . 
  what happened is that merkel made some controversial decisions and a very vocal minority got super angry about it . 
  obviously , it is everyone 's right to get angry . 
  what i object to is misrepresenting reality to push your agenda . 
  tl/dr it is not `` the people '' who are angry , it is `` you '' . 
  stop projecting . 
  i did not express any views of what should or should n't be done . 
  i simply pointed out that you had been screaming about the collapse of western civilization for literally decades now . 
  that is what 's ridiculous . 
  what needs to be done is a completely different discussion . 
  what are you talking about, 
  you know this whole `` cry wolf '' thing ? 
  you have talked about the collapse of western civilization so many times , few people take this seriously now . 
  well it can still work . 
  i mean , even a shitty and weak confederation is better than individual nations squabbling among themselves . 
  you are judging the eu as if it is a country with a single government . 
  many people make this mistake , thinking the eu is this huge monolithic entity run from brussels . 
  it is nothing close to that . 
  it is a confederation of sovereign states . 
  and if you think it is not `` muscular '' enough , then you only have the euro `` skeptics '' to blame for that . 
   baby boomers are the one that rebuild world after war . 
  which is great because there was work to do . 
  but you make it sound like baby boomers were dodging bombs on their way to work . 
  they did n't , they actually had it better than anyone else . 
   i think problem here is that you lash out on old people while targeting globalization problems . 
  i was not the cynical one , that was you . 
  you think all value come from money . 
  well , that is a great argument for globalization . 
  hats off to you sir . 
   how much you have worked ? 
  as much as they have when they were my age ( 30 ) but , again , they were sorted out for the rest of their lives while i next to nothing . 
   compared to them who lived in post war world where most of them either fought or were kids when there was a war ... 
  i 'm talking about the baby boomers here . 
  they lived in the safest and richest times . 
  some countries took advantage of that prosperity to plan for the future . 
  other countries , like greece , simply went on a consuming ( borrowing ) spree and took no thought for the future . 
   education is not a waste of money or resources . 
  education can be totally useless if this `` education '' has no application in the real world . 
   yeah but that house was build by them , roads you use are buid by them , food you eat and so much other stuff you are using daily is thanks to them . 
  no its not . 
  you do n't get it . 
  i worked for all that . 
  so did they , but our difference is that they lived a comfortable and stress-free life while i am mired in shit . 
   if you feel you are special because you are young then know that you are not special in fact . 
  you are only special and important as assets you own and money you make . 
  maybe you should apply some of this cynicism to your own views . 
  being old does not make you wise nor respected . 
  you are not smarter because the earth has circles the sun more times during your lifetime . 
  i agree with the rest of your cynical view . 
  moneys is all that matters right ? 
  well then we should reduce their benefits and pensions and find a way to pay this forward . 
  i mean , if we are to cannibalize ourselves , at least lets be honest about it without this pc bullshit . 
  i do n't have `` my '' house , i have a roof over a house i am renting . 
  and even this modest task was accomplished based on my own efforts . 
   they lived their whole live contributing and increasing wealth of nation , creating future after war where most of them lost someone , providing food and shelter and support for new generation they did n't . 
  i mean , i do n't know about other countries but in greece they consumed everything and left nothing for others . 
  i have seen the old cannibalize the young and it makes you completely lose faith in your society . 
   wait , it 's that bad ? 
  umm , yes . 
  but you keep excusing these people as `` immigration skeptics '' and `` concerned citizens '' when they are simply apolitical young people , or rather authoritarians who care little about policies . 
  they just want their strongman to win and crush everyone else . 
  but we are constantly told that brits do n't care about the empire anymore , the empire does not matter , etc. 
   of some policies left has been driving like merkel , the famous leftist ? 
  how do you know what the collective interest even is ? 
  you have millions of people with different viewpoints and somehow you are expected to a ) know what they are interested in and b ) ignore your own desires ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  your thought experiment is an extreme edge case that will never happen in reality . 
   while many of us enlightened europeans interpreted it as just another war on religious symbols , what we failed to consider is that christmas nowadays is much more a cultural/traditional activity than a religious one . 
  should we start question secularism now ? 
  because that is what it is . 
  i 've never seen anyone protest `` against traditional christmas '' , but i have i 've seen protests for secularism . 
  like you can have no problems with christmas as a tradition but also want schools to be religiously neutral . 
  also ,  christmas nowadays is much more a cultural/traditional activity than a religious one . 
  if that was the case , people are perfectly free to partake in their cultural and traditional activities without them being propped up or subsidized by the state . 
  this is what people have been doing since literally forever . 
  also , there is no boundary between culture and religion . 
  i mean , you might be 100 % correct in what you are saying i.e. 
  that it is more `` culture '' than `` religion '' but there is no way to prove that , therefore you ca n't make public policy based on it . 
  farage did not appear out of thin air . 
  he was created by decades of anti-eu fake news in your media , which your public lapped up . 
  this is why this anger exists . 
  you unleashed this shit on the world , deliberately too .
