  it 's about how people feel . 
  and western liberal values are going to take a worse brutal beating in 2017 than they did in 2016 , if people do n't realize that you ca n't fight post-facts with facts . 
  i do n't understand these posts . 
  do you think there is a solution that our governments ( and everyone else ) is completely unaware of ? 
  let 's say you are the king of europe . 
  what you would you do ? 
  again , just look at the successes of the nationalists . 
  their success is the direct refutation of your idea , that one should keep quiet and accept every thing imposed onto him or her . 
  they never accepted defeat even when they were a tiny minority . 
  so if you are a remainer , you should protest . 
  i agree nothing will change this year nor next year . 
  but there are difficult times ahead and the government is bound to fuck up . 
  every problem or issue that brexit causes to your country , even if temporary , should be viciously protested . 
  the only good thing i 've seen from remain is that they propagandize anything bad that happens to your economy . 
  that is the way . 
  any economic downturn must be constantly mentioned and linked to leave . 
  we are dealing with cynical ideologues and the only way to fight them is with their own weapons . 
   fact is that your people have been in charge and what exactly has been achieved since 2008 ? 
  austria was in charge and caused the 2008 financial crisis ? 
   also , what really is the point of going to protests ? 
  in this country we make decisions via the ballot box rather than by protesting . 
  did you not see what 30 + years of protesting against the eu did ? 
  protesting works , you just need to give it time . 
  also , you need to be cynical and take advantage of any crises that arise . 
  actually it is easy to do , but you have to try . 
  what helped cavemen survive is irrelevant today , so i do n't know what good it does . 
  people are trying to make excuses . 
  they ca n't blame this on islam so they have to be creative . 
  i mean look at [ this guy here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5epy3p/is_sexual_intercourse_without_consent_justifiable/daecy1x/ ) . 
  such a creative excuse as to why this survey is wrong . 
  this is such a confusing post you ca n't go with popular opinion and not be bipartisan, 
  the civic ideal does not contradict the ethnic one . 
  however the ethnic one excludes the civic . 
  so you see where the problem is, 
  feta has a lot of value, 
   if you do n't know what i 'm talking about then there is no point in answering your question you were the same person accusing liberals of being smug and calling everyone racist yet here i am , downvoted , ignored , and literally dismissed not that i complain nor care . 
  you wo n't find me whining about it . 
  i already know what people you are . 
  i already know that your `` hurr durr liberals call us racist '' schtick is merely a way to get people stop talking about racism and to ignore the racist elements of the new populist morons so anyway thanks for proving me right . 
  dear `` if you do n't know what i mean i wo n't talk to you '' . 
  i hope you keep receiving the same amount of contempt you always have, 
  i was joking, 
  i did n't expect such a serious answer . 
  thanks for letting me know, 
  you should post more here, 
  how do you know ? 
  have you checked ? 
   as a person not affected by this whatever you say man, 
  letter of the law is great . 
  the law says  inserted into an orifice for sexual stimulation . 
  so what if you do n't insert them for sexual stimulation ? 
  what if claim that is your job and you are not getting any satisfaction out of it , you are just doing it for the $ $, 
  what did his mother do ? 
  it makes people angry and thus generates vote for the populists . 
  first of all , you did n't look at the source because do not describe what you wrote as `` authoritarian '' . 
  they have different criteria . 
  secondly , my post had to do with you claiming this labels are `` hostile '' . 
  i do n't know how you missed it since that is literally all i wrote . 
   they are just sticking hostile labels i do n't understand why this is hostile . 
  it is a fact . 
  are facts hostile ? 
  before you downvote , let me ask , have you spoken to such people ? 
  they are proud to be authoritarian . 
  for them , authority is important and a strong leader should wield it unapologetically ; the rest should be morally obliged to obey . 
  now i disagree with this , maybe people do , but we are not mislabeling or misrepresenting their views . 
  this is what they believe in . 
  they admire authority and authoritarianism and it is their right to do so . 
  we should engage them with that in mind , not ignore it because it sounds `` hostile '' or whatever . 
  this kind of illustrates the point . 
  old religious men , the ones that usually pass these laws , do n't know much about the female physiology . 
  i never understood why guys feel so entitled to decide these issues . 
  i know there are women that are anti-choice ( i 've met some ) and in their case , i get it . 
  at least they have the necessary information to make such a call . 
  but the male posters here that cheer on such ideas ( e.g. 
  reducing the time from 16 to 12 weeks ) are just weird . 
  it 's almost like they support these ideas out of principle . 
   le pen 's main advisor is gay and in paris her support among gays is 50 % higher than among straights [ 1 ] . 
  about economic liberalism , i do n't disagree , but then again my point was that they are not more authoritarian compared say to the historical european left . 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  all these populists , without exception , advocate for muh christian heritage and culture . 
  we all know what that means for women and lgbts . 
  same with breitbart , they adopted a gay maskot ( milo ) as a very cheap trick , as if he would shield them from the left because ... he gay . 
  i am not buying that . 
  believe me , nobody is . 
  it is very transparent . 
  most of us have been following politics for a long time . 
   no , you give them say 10k euro and gently ask to leave the country in the interest of the native population that idea is just terrible . 
  first of all , this will divide the country to unprecedented levels . 
  if you thought muslims were bad for social cohesion , this will be orders of magnitude worse . 
  more importantly , what if they say no ? 
  like what if less than 50 % of the people take the offer ? 
  that seems highly likely considering these people are born and bred there and would not abandon the only country they had for some money . 
  even if they accept , you still have the divisive problem of ethnic nationalism . 
  for example , i am as greek as one can be , there are no immigrants in my family line , yet i think the concept of the traditional greek nation is absolute dogshit . 
  i would advocate for a completely new one , but that is another discussion . 
  what happens to me ? 
  do i get told to go to another country too ? 
  because , and to conclude , immigrants are not the problem . 
  you could bribe them to get them to leave ( and it wo n't work imho ) or you can put them in a gas chamber , but you have not solved the problem . 
  what do you do with people who disagree with your nationalistic ideology ?
