  i got a different vibe from your earlier post . 
   the poles have democratically elected this government whether you like it or not , ** live with it . 
  ** now , in the spoken english language , when you say `` live with it '' you do n't actually mean `` live with it '' . 
  if you take it literally , that phrase means nothing . 
  what it means is `` deal with it '' or rather `` accept it '' . 
  if you meant something else please correct me . 
  if not , well , we are allowed to use terms like `` xenophobic '' if we have good grounds to do so , regardless of how many people voted for pis . 
   the poles have democratically elected this government whether you like it or not , live with it . 
  so what is your argument , that a government * can not * be xenophobic , authoritarian and populist because the people voted for them ? 
  i mean you seem to be using democracy as a counter-argument here . 
  are we not allowed to question democratic choices ? 
   arguably less activity in london might be a good outcome long term if it redresses the balance somewhat between london and the rest of the uk . 
  that is the populist argument , the idea that these evil bankers will be gone and the proud white man will go back to his job in the factory - a factory that will be magically brought back from china . 
  but alas , you ca n't turn back the clock . 
  if you lose financial business , you will just get poorer . 
  that 's it . 
  you wo n't miraculously generate value by losing business . 
  i mean it 's crazy to even argue this . 
  that is not enough . 
  it 's not enough to point criminal behavior because that does n't anger people enough . 
  what is necessary is the manufacturing of the idea that the government is either incapable or traitorous by releasing these criminals back in society , usually with malicious intent e.g. 
  to destroy white culture and white families . 
  only that way can the right-wing get these sweet , sweet votes . 
  rage and frustration must be increased to the max . 
  and for these people , lying is a perfectly valid way to get there . 
   `` people are tired of listening to experts with 3 letter acronyms who are constantly wrong '' i like how you think that it makes it better somehow . 
  i mean seriously ? 
  do you understand that the whole point of the `` experts '' quote is to mock your side 's unapologetic anti-intellectualism ? 
  you can argue semantics but the meaning is exactly the same . 
  here is his actual quote ( [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggigtjk7ma ) ) :  the people have had enough of experts ( ... ) from organizations with acronyms saying that they know what is best and getting consistently wrong i mean seriously how can you possibly think that the full quote is better . 
  do you realize that this guy just blamed `` organizations with acronyms '' and their `` experts '' . 
  this is as dumb as you can get . 
  just raw anti-intellectualism . 
  and yes he also claimed that they got it `` consistently wrong '' , despite providing no evidence besides blurting out a dumb claim that the same people have `` vested financial interests '' . 
  this is just old-fashioned populism , literally a century old , with shady internationalists controlling financial interests across the world i.e. 
  the usual dogshit from which the right-wing has not managed to distance itself despite a century of failure . 
  tl/dr ; boy i hope your apologism improves because we 've got two rough years ahead of us and that is n't gon na cut it, 
   left-leaning governments like merkel right ? 
  sometimes the amount of idiocy here is amazing . 
  you 've the internet at your disposal . 
  use it . 
  i mean google `` cdu '' and figure some shit out , or is that too difficult for you ? 
  sometimes i wish we could go back to the time before internet and social media . 
  i did not want to know how fucking stupid people are . 
  i mean i always suspected there was idiocy out there , but it is orders of magnitude larger than i imagined . 
  as you said , these people are literally denying reality . 
  they are proudly and unapologetically denying established facts . 
  what can you do against that ? 
   both media and politicians have been blindly pushing anti-immigrants views for years upon years they do n't want to be held accountable for their actions . 
  this is why they scream and point fingers when we see racist crimes . 
  they are frantically trying to divert the attention anywhere but their selves and the shit they 've done in the past to cause this situation . 
  * something something islam something something but but but islam is n't a race * , you know the drill, 
  i know right ? 
  you ca n't even [ throw dog excrement on someone 's property ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-racism-uk-post-referendum-racism-hate-crime-eu-referendum-racism-unleashed-poland-racist-a7160786.html ) without the political brigade jumping down your throat , mislabeling you as a racist . 
  i mean even the concerned citizens who prowled the streets demanding everyone speak english or get beat up , were stigmatized as `` racists '' by the globalist media . 
  can you imagine that ? 
  i mean what 's next ? 
  will we be branded `` racist '' by the social justice warrior just because we [ burned down the house of polish immigrants ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-devon-36737529 ) ? 
  what is this world coming to !? 
  i would save some of that wine for the future , because that shit will haunt you for years . 
  i mean did you really think you would get away with it ? 
  dude , we have n't even started yet . 
  it 's gon na get way worse . 
  once the negotiations start , and if the uk 's economy takes a hit as predicted , it is going to get worse . 
  these `` concerned citizens '' will get even more agitated and the violence will be worse . 
  we 're gon na have a very interesting 2 years of shitposting . 
  nice cherry picking but what about the rest of the south , like greece and italy and the balkans ? 
  racism absolutely manifests itself like that , out in public , for political aims . 
  it 's not strange at all . 
   the lack of critical thinking lately is fucking abysmal . 
  we are just tired of experts man . 
  to hell with experts and their facts . 
   there is racism in the south too , but it does n't manifest itself like that in public and it does n't seem to be exploited for political aims . 
  i like how you ignored greece in order to construct your narrative . 
  we have our own [ far-right wing hooligans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_\\ ( political_party \\ ) ) , and they are our third largest political entity . 
  i 've lived in both north and south and i can tell you that nationalists are virtually identical . 
  i mean , it is impressive how consistently identical their behavior has been . 
  it does n't matter if you are from the peloponnese or lappland , if you are a nationalist you will behave more or less the same way . 
   or some it represented the end of the roman empire , of which the western world is sentimental about yeah i get that , but that is just revisionist ideology . 
  history paints a very different picture . 
  i just do n't believe in magical solutions . 
  the idea that greeks would rationally and wisely use devaluation to collectively better their lives is insane . 
  what are the odds of that happening ? 
  we had total freedom and we still fucked it up . 
  why is it going to be different this time around ? 
  just no . 
  if the result is 52 % vs 48 % then the only fair course of action is to compromise . 
  i know what the nationalists think of democracy but getting a slight majority does not mean you are kings and get to run things and everyone else should shut up while you do your thing . 
  i know you have been told this , but sadly it is not true . 
  completely ignoring the 48 % will split the country and pit one generation against another . 
  the fallout of this idiocy will haunt the uk for a long time to come . 
  and , of course , everyone will blame the immigrants as they always do . 
  but to see far-right populists being popular makes more sense ? 
  yeah , they are being ( allegedly ) fucked over by capitalism , so let 's just ban muslims , that makes perfect sense / s, 
   it 's simple . 
  a few months ago a majority of the public and the 48 % voted no . 
  small margins . 
  therefore a soft brexit is a great compromise if you believe in running a country by consensus and not mob rule, 
  politicians are shit as always but i do n't think they were the problem in this case what is has shown us is the need to address populism , which in this case is another word for the effects of unchecked political propaganda, 
   give it a rest already .
