  that 's great but i did n't ask about last year . 
  what about this event ? 
  within a few hours , we saw one very specific side try to politicize this event . 
  what about the other sides ? 
  sucks , does n't it ? 
  i like how you took offence to this but not  they do n't care about lifes of some random folks no one suggested this either but i am sure you and the others in this comment chain upvoted him . 
  because fuck human decency , let 's push our agenda here . 
  you can be angry and/or smug all day man . 
  but if you manage to control your emotions , please give me the numbers . 
  okay i know we live in the post-factual world so please bear with me . 
  yesterday was not christmas . 
  these christmas markets are not places of worship . 
  nobody was celebrating anything religious yesterday because as far as i know no christian denomination celebrates the 19th of december . 
  these places are markets . 
  you go there to have roasted almonds and mulled wine and things like that . 
  it is not a church or anything like that . 
  it was attacked because it is one of the most easily accessible such markets , it is literally next to a major street . 
  also , you do n't go to berlin to attack christians . 
  ** less than 30 % of the inhabitants are officially registered as christians ** , which means their real numbers are even smaller . 
  the eastern parts of germany are one of the most atheist ( or secular , dunno ) parts of europe . 
  the people of berlin were attacked , or rather germans were attacked . 
  i do n't know why the afd thinks it is ok to appropriate this suffering to feed their own religious victim complex . 
  do you really not see a problem with this language ? 
  saying that this was an attack against christians ? 
  i mean , besides being factually untrue , it is also part of the problem . 
   they do n't care about lifes of some random folks good think you care about the lives of random folks . 
  my favourite is `` deport everyone who believes in the wrong religion '' . 
  yup . 
  totally caring about the lives of some random folks . 
  or maybe , some people are not classified as `` folks '' either morally or biologically , to put it that way ? 
  and listen , whether you like it or not , whether it offends your feelings or not , you are more likely to die in a car accident . 
  these are called facts . 
  go ahead and get mad now . 
  i know people will politicise them anyway , because why would they let a tragedy go to waste ? 
  my point is , if you have to do that , at least do it on a factual basis . 
  what you said is more relevant than the `` christians are under attack ! '', 
  shit . 
  i mean , if someone things now is the time to push his religious victim complex , it really is n't the time . 
  generally speaking yeah , that is what happens . 
  but can you give me an example of what the ( real or perceived ) left is doing to politicize this ? 
  we ca n't trust polls !, 
  polls are being used to manipulate the people by the liberal media . 
   not constant patting on the back with a smug and unwarranted sense of moral righteousness , to ignore , justify and embrace failure . 
  it is like you are stuck on repeat . 
  these things happens and all you can do is spew your disgusting rhetoric against your own european people . 
  you have nothing to contribute to the discussion except contempt and smugness to these who disagree with you . 
  people fucking die and you glee in enjoyment once you find out it was a refugee . 
  not to mention , you do n't know how to fix this nor have any ideas except getting angry and trashing the people around you , your own people . 
  because that is all you are capable of . 
  literally nobody is preventing you from discussing anything . 
  nobody is ignoring any issue . 
  nobody called you a racist or a nazi . 
  if you have some ideas or just want to cotribute , go ahead . 
  but stop fucking whining and shitposting all the time . 
  or is it too much to ask for you to not exploit a tragedy ? 
  some peoples ' attempts to score political points with this is gross . 
  trump and the afd are already talking about `` attacks against christians '' . 
  we are slowly turning into america . 
  labour are trotskyists ? 
  try answering first, 
  current labour is `` far left '' ? 
  and ? 
  i am not sure you know what these places are, 
  not really what i asked where do you draw the line in that gradient ? 
  you said something like 25 % before mumbling on other things is that your number ? 
  i saw the agenda trump was pushing but i am sorry to inform you that this is n't an attack specifically aimed at christians , your victim complex will have to take the back seat on this one, 
  do you respond to questions with questions ? 
  i meant , i do n't care about your internet angst . 
  also take your attitude and do with it what you know you ought to do with it . 
  you are not talking to a politician . 
  you do n't even know what i think of this mess , but go ahead do n't let me interrupt you during your internet crusade . 
  shit like this happens and all you guys can think of is to blame your own people . 
  i asked a question and you already labeled me . 
  i am practically a terrorist supporter , right ? 
  paid by soros etc. 
   just look at all the replies to my stuff . 
  only one person responded to your comment and he never `` actively fought against the notion that a barbarous religion is , indeed , barbarous '' . 
  [ here it is ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5j8mc7/live_thread_truck_plows_into_christmas_market_in/dbecezv/ ) . 
  religion is not even mentioned . 
  even if he did , his post came * after * your post with the comment about 60 % of the people . 
  listen , objectively speaking , you are a lying drama queen . 
  the number is 25 % of the french population ? 
  you are downvoted because you take everything you have been blessed with for granted . 
  a progressive and liberal europe is arguably the best place to be . 
  and you somehow think all that came about by accident ? 
  was it a coincidence ? 
  anything but the actual facts , that our modern period of peace and prosperity is the direct result of people working together for decades to achieve this very goal . 
  or , you are too naive to understand what nationalism actually is . 
  yup . 
  i love having americans tell me how european culture is destroyed . 
  political correctness and muslims are destroying the native european cultures . 
  when you ask them to give you an example of a custom or tradition that was destroyed , they are ( un ) surprisingly silent . 
  far left like whom ? 
   you still have 60 % of the people in here with their head in the sand , actively fighting against the notion that a barbarous religion is , indeed , barbarous . 
  that is like what , 600 people `` actively fighting '' ? 
  that 's like a good battalion right there . 
  where do you see them in this thread or am i missing something ? 
  i actually do n't , i do n't read minds . 
  if someone complains though i can always change it . 
   how to maximally disrespect the victims of islamic terrorism ?
