  robert reich was talking about wealth inequality , he even made a [ documentary about it in 2013 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inequality_for_all ) , yet he was shouted down for being [ a communist who secretly adores karl marx ] ( http://mediamatters.org/video/2012/04/20/oreilly-robert-reich-is-a-communist-who-secretl/185900 ) . 
  or germany ? 
  merkel . 
  what a progressive , leftist politician she has been . 
  i 'm not even gon na mention britain , whose media were slandering the eu pretty much constantly . 
  for you . 
  for me , its why should it . 
  it may be a life but it simply does not have the same rights as its bearer . 
  both morally and legally . 
  yes , you have no problem . 
  i was n't talking to you though was i ? 
  yeah , and i do n't think you understand why . 
  there are two sides , the anti-abortion and the pro-choice side , which is usually slandered as pro-abortion or anti-life as you said . 
  neither side wants abortions nor encourages people to get them . 
  nobody is going to lie to get women to have more abortions . 
  that would be the action of a true sociopath and thankfully they are rare . 
  i know of no such case . 
  therefore , i imagine the law has not dealt with it because it is so uncommon or nonexistent . 
  and if someone ever does this and is caught , he would face a way stricter punishment . 
  nobody would defend him or her . 
  on the other hand , lying , oppressing and manipulating women to not get abortions is very common . 
  extremely common , if you look at it globally . 
  if you want to actually be objective and not merely pretend to be so , maybe start by understanding what each side says . 
  like try to understand both viewpoints . 
  no , it 's not . 
  you can argue that it is a potential human that has some rights , which it does . 
  but for the first few weeks , the mother , who is an actual human , takes precedence . 
  if a religious website did the same thing , sure . 
  i do n't see the problem ? 
  and let 's be real , most of this anti-abortion stuff is religiously motivated . 
   those are the sides of the same coin . 
  you accept one , reject the other . 
  no i do n't . 
  if someone lies about the facts to make abortion more palpable , he or she should face the same punishment . 
  projecting much ? 
  well good for you to fight for the rights of people to lie and misinform others, 
  an immigrant and a brexiter ? 
  well , at least you got what you wanted , having to worry and possibly chose a single citizenship, 
   instead the eu just wants to sit there , moan and complain , call people racists , bigots , populists , flood countries with 3rd world immigrants the eu is calling people racists and bigots ? 
  the eu ? 
  sorry man but i reported your post for trolling . 
  please , let 's not turn this sub into the_donald . 
   but more likely it 's actually very smart play . 
  no , it 's not . 
  you are misleading the people who voted for you . 
  they listened to some promises and believed them , therefore it is highly immoral . 
  you should not praise politicians being dishonest and manipulative . 
  if we do n't know what they are up to , how can be trust or even judge them ? 
  yes , you are such a victim . 
  i am so sorry my friend . 
  the mainstream political establishment of liberal elites has violated your human rights . 
   violating right of russians orthodox christian which rights ? 
  when people in court are forced not to lie , do we censor them ? 
  do you think this statement makes sense : `` witnesses are censored during trials '' , just because we want them to be as truthful as possible ? 
  maybe you should read the article before crying oppression . 
   a law passed in 1993 makes it a crime to intimidate or pressure women into not having abortions . 
  the law was originally passed to prevent anti-abortion activists from blocking access to abortion clinics , following a wave of demonstrations during the 1980s . 
  the proposal passed in the lower house this week would extend that law to websites that `` exert psychological or moral pressure '' on women who are seeking information about abortions . 
  there are anti-choice fanatics who have not disclosed their allegiance/source of funding and pretend to be neutral sources of information . 
  other people just flat out lie about what abortion is or what it does to your body . 
  you think you are fighting for freedom . 
  but by being against transparency and honesty you are fighting for the exact opposite . 
  is it censorship to suppress lying ? 
  the definition is not clear on that . 
  why is it always the authoritarians who want to control peoples ' bodies , the ones who cry about having their freedom violated ? 
  no , you are not allowed to lie in order to gain control of womens ' reproductive systems . 
  you do not have this right . 
  at least , not in france . 
   i do n't however believe you have identified the right source for those views given the information in the aforementioned study , and i assume you do not believe so either given your incapability of providing any arguments besides a strawman against me how would you know what my source is ? 
  did i express any view on why they want the army to take over ? 
  you did . 
  and you had no grounds besides your gut feeling . 
  and yeah it is weird that you think you are talking on behalf of the people . 
   people who favor experts taking decisions are probably not in favor of military rule , but they do support authoritarian rule . 
  more assumptions, 
   having the charisma of an aardvark . 
  yeah right . 
  aardvarks do n't get down with [ this nsfw ] ( http://mon-oeil-creations.fr/wp-content/uploads/sexy/e/e2.-sexy-elle-lui-julie-gayet-nue.jpg ), 
  roman empire v3 for the win or just byzantine empire v2, 
   your underground trains have rubber wheels ... lol wat it ca n't be technically a train if it has rubber wheels, 
  why do i even click these links . 
  who else would be in 1st place ? 
  well , in hindsight everything seems to obvious . 
  but during the campaign , ditching the `` economic left '' seemed like a perfectly reasonable thing to do . 
  from my limited understanding , the american left is simply not strong enough to handle that hatred . 
  it actually makes more sense to move to the center . 
  how can you possibly even begin to talk about the `` working class '' when half of them do n't even care about their own healthcare and think it is literally communism . 
  fuck that shit . 
  `` she won more votes but that does n't matter '' yeah , it kind of does matter . 
  you can say whatever you want against her but she is more popular . 
  i know it sounds weird but the insane amount of hatred spewed against her by the altzis does not accurately represent american reality . 
  or so it seems . 
  yeah sure , somebody told these people that experts know more and they got mad and decided that the army should take over makes perfect sense man / s you should stop excusing these views . 
  i do n't know why it has popular to talk on behalf of the `` people '' but it is kind of funny . 
  may i ask you , what does `` working-class '' mean in an american political context, 
   dlc = democratic leadership council , i was only attempting a ( dumb ) joke . 
  i know that we were not talking about downloadable content :p  before this cycle , democrats of this variety were certain they had banished the ` economic left ' from control ; well do you blame them ? 
  obama tried something very reasonable and was visciously attacked a socialist , communist , marxist , trostyikst , you name it . 
  all because he wanted national healthcare . 
  americans do n't seem to want anything to do with this `` economic left '' .
