  * so it seems like everyone took the bait . 
  me neither . 
  all he had to do was tone down the antisemitism and he would be quite popular, 
  right , i forgot what kind of a troll you are ( the greek trumptard ) funny that so many people disagree but ca n't provide evidence from a left-wing source edit : apparently the united nations is leftist now . 
  oh alt-right , you never change ... 
  ah , good old anti-intellectualism . 
  never gets old education is clearly a left-wing conspiracy after all / s, 
  no , you mind your own business . 
  this is a discussion after all . 
  this is objectively a waste of space and money . 
  the fact that some of you enjoy it , does not mean its not waste . 
  ancient greeks wasted a lot of perfectly good animals because they thought that by sacrificing them they were pleasing the magical spirits . 
  you spend tens of millions of euros to build empty buildings to honor another magical spirit . 
  you are not tarring anyone , calling them `` retarded '' is more like a compliment really, 
  the positive consequences massively outweight the negative ones . 
  this is why politicians lie and generally get away with it . 
  because it works . 
   in december 2008 , athens was transformed into a battlefield . 
  in the background of these events much talk had been made about the involvement of `` foreign services '' . 
  much talk , yes , from pretenderis and other establishment media . 
  please do n't give the impression that this is inside info from wikileaks or something like that . 
  it is just the typical unproved right-wing hysteria . 
   everyone already considers their ideas to be based on `` facts '' and thereby , necessities . 
  yeah people also believe that magical beings listen to their thoughts and reward them . 
  does that mean its true ? 
   what do data and facts say about gay marriage ? 
  gay marriage is not harmful to one 's mental or physical health , so the conservatives should stop abusing and harassing innocent people . 
  but , like you i guess , they think facts are wrong and that feelings are more important . 
  so they keep at it . 
   what do they say about abortion ? 
  bu studying the brain we know when the fetus becomes conscious ( around 30 weeks ? ), 
  and also that natural miscarriages are a thing and that they happen in the first trimester . 
  so we kind of know where to draw the line . 
  but again magic ( souls ) and feelings are more important . 
   what do they say about refugees ? 
  that the uk 's brexit campaign was bullshit , political propaganda to be more precise , and that if people regarded fats as important then that clusterfuck would have not happened . 
  same goes for all the populists around europe . 
  their support is based on pushing a non-factual representation of the world . 
  specifically , that refugees are deliberately imported by merkel and co ( the evil globalist cabal ) to rape the proud white people and destroy their proud white culture . 
  this is factually untrue . 
  i am sorry if you think emotions are more important . 
   the jews are parasites , we need to gas them . 
  read the mein kampf , if you have n't so far , to find out the justification for that . 
  hint : he starts out by saying he was doing god 's work . 
  that should tell you what kind of `` data '' he was using . 
  magic !, 
  no they did n't ... 
   true , although there are cases where you have all the facts and there are many possibilities how to alter course in relation to it . 
  but not all possibility are equally good or realistic either . 
  i mean we are told that afd is simply `` critical of immigration '' when their solutions are ridiculous i.e. 
  they want to ban islam . 
  that is not going to happen and also is crazy . 
   also you should n't only make rational decisions . 
  not in your life and not in politics . 
  you definitely should . 
  they are the only decisions that can be measured and weighted . 
  if you are not making rational decisions there is no sense in talking about politics , it 's all random anyway . 
  first of all this is a un report . 
  apparently the un is left-wing now ? 
  also the articles states facts , not plans . 
   `` in the next 50 years the populations of most developed countries are projected to become smaller and older as a result of low fertility and increased longevity '' . 
   it would need 6,500 immigrants for every million inhabitants to maintain the worker-pensioner ratio . 
  it 's all correct . 
  since the birth rates are going down , you either increase the retirement age or take in immigrants * if you want to keep your pensions as they are * . 
  even if global warming increased the temp by 10 \u00b0 c it would n't cause the canisters to explode , they are designed to handle a lot of heat , not to mention they have safety release valves that vent the gas before it explodes . 
  i think he was waiting for the sun to become a red giant , which would increase the earth 's temperature by 1000s of degrees , which would certainly cause the canisters to explore ( the earth 's oceans would have completely evaporated by then ) . 
  but that would take a billion years so yeah it really was a long term plan . 
   they usually always go for wounding shot , if the situation do you have a source for this ? 
  honest question . 
  i ask because i always thought it was the other way around : if you have to use lethal force , you should shoot to kill . 
  or rather , shoot the center of mass . 
  why ? 
  i sound like an armchair general but its my understanding that shooting extremities has its own risks . 
  you ca n't hit the hand that carries the knife because life is n't a fallout game . 
  arms/hands move extremely fast and you might end up missing - and thus being stabbed to death . 
  shooting the legs might sound cool but legs have major arteries in them and you can easily die . 
  i mean if you are shot in the [ femoral artery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/femoral_artery ) you are pretty much dead within minutes . 
  and unlike in holywood , bullets do n't magically stop people . 
  you might shoot a guy 's leg and he might die in one minute , but during that adrenaline-rushed minute he will stab you 100 times . 
  so that 's not good either . 
  also there is the moral argument . 
  why should these police officers risk their lives to save that of a murderer ? 
  they have to go back to their families at the end of their shift so i understand if they do n't want to take too many risks . 
  so yeah i think the general policy is ( or should be ? ), 
  put the guy down as quick as possible , and try to save his life once the situation has de-escalated . 
  that is why they take criminals to hospitals after shootouts etc. 
  i disagree . 
  education is the best antidote to populism . 
  establish a culture of data/fact-driven decision making . 
  if you make decisions based on measurable facts , it is impossible to have populism . 
  populism is making decisions based on emotion . 
  this is why populists try to inject as much fear and paranoia into the discussion , regardless if they are right-wing or left-wing . 
  it 's not nearly as common as you 'd want it to be, 
   i believe that a democracy lives from arguments . 
  and if the established parties do not want to argue with each other , then the people will eventually vote for a party that they will have to argue with . 
  democracy also lives from cooperation . 
  if parties argue with their opponents all the time , you wo n't get anything done . 
  and that is how it usually is , the opposition just disagrees with literally everything the ruling party does because ... they are the opposition . 
  they do n't . 
  brexit politicians have benefited and got their agenda pushed .
