  but please take this opportunity to push your agenda . 
  who knows , maybe you will get gilded too , 
  check out [ the recent wikileaks ama ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/5c8u9l/we_are_the_wikileaks_staff_despite_our_editor/ ) . 
  they are practically * bragging * that they used their intel to get trump elected . 
  you should be very concerned about what happened to your country , because it is only going to get worse . 
   i wonder who he will blame for his problems now immigrants , minorities and ( the known buzzwords ) globalists/globalism . 
  yes , that is a very smart conclusion , because as we all know * rich people do n't like money . 
   told by media the enemy is their immigrant neighbour , while the left tells them they 're retards , the left tells them that they are retards only if they blame immigrants for income inequality . 
  inequality is something that has been going on for a long time now and the left spoke up against it - they were attacked and silenced as `` communists '' and `` socialists '' by , ironically , the same people who became populists now . 
  republicans have been supporting any pro-rich and pro-big business policy they could . 
  in europe and the usa , the right was always pro-capitalist . 
  people have a short memory and vote based on feelings . 
  it is extremely difficult to get people to look at the data and make a rational decision . 
  on the other hand , as we see even in reddit , it is extremely easy to get people angry and afraid . 
  so guess which course politicians take ? 
   in any case , my point has been made . 
  if the popular vote were meant to be the decider , then hillary would have won ; but it 's not , is it ? 
  yeah you missed my point . 
  you a group of people your own goals and worldview . 
  you do n't speak for `` the people '' nor do you own culture, 
  for the same reason it is not illegal to masturbate 20 times a day you should n't do it , but some people ca n't live without it . 
  so you ca n't really make it illegal, 
  well , he just felt that he had to explain why a populist movement who claims to speak for `` the peoples '' is actually a minority . 
  it is not because i already know what thiel is talking about . 
  i 'd be happy to comment on it but you seem mad . 
  i am sorry , but you just admitted to not knowing and i honestly did not mean it as an insult . 
  i do n't think you are dumb for not knowing , i mean i get that we are all busy . 
   i do n't have the time to follow the internal politics of other countries each and every day . 
  well no offence but since this is a political sub ( or , it has inadvertently become one ) maybe you should be a little bit more informed ? 
  our difference is that i , at least , have already heard what thiel is saying . 
  i know his views , i meant not his views personally , but what he stands for . 
  it has been communicated pretty clearly for years now . 
  in fact , regarding income inequality , this is a fact that leftists have been trying to bring attention to for literally decades now . 
  or even more , if you wan na bring marxism into it . 
  it is hardly new . 
  the fact that you just discovered it in 2016 is kind of weird . 
  mu bad . 
  did you condemn farage of trump when they scorned democracy because they thought they would lose ? 
  did you speak against brexiters protesting recent developments ? 
  it wo n't be a wake up call . 
  you have two ways to address the issue of inequality : blame it on the few and the weak ( minorities , lgbts , atheists , muslims etc ) or change the system in a fundamental way . 
  guess which way is easier ? 
  i mean i do n't even blame the politicians , by scapegoating all your problems on e.g. 
  muslims , then you can solicit the same amount of votes with 1/100th of the effort . 
  `` people are stupid because they are not nationalists '' ftfy, 
  strange because the rhetoric coming from your side proves the exact opposite . 
  you do n't accept things you do n't like . 
  you do n't compromise nor give ground . 
  what is funny about that statement is that if trump or brexit did not win you would be claiming america or britain are not democracies . 
  trump already did that , when he thought he would lose , he screamed that the system is rigged . 
  brexiters refuse to accept the democratic rule of their own parliament and are protesting the decisions of supreme court judges . 
  nationalists are so transparent in their fake support of democracy . 
  dude . 
  you are talking about an election where one side did not accept that it was election , calling ti rigged months beforehand do you understand how orwellian this is ? 
  more like retarded , but really politically orwellian if you think about it . 
  the same people now say `` get over it '' you have no idea how divisive this is gon na get . 
  people say obama was divisive ( he was n't ) but this is gon na be even worse, 
  they complained about people calling them `` racist '' online . 
  please go and read some of the things they 've said and tell me how it is better ? 
   just because it is drooping , does not mean it is not a problem . 
  100 people got stabbed last year . 
  99 got stabbed this year . 
  still a problem . 
  yeah man the point is n't if it is a problem or whether politicians should address it . 
  both things go without saying . 
  the point is that `` crime '' ca n't be the answer to the question `` why are people angrier '' because it objectively is going down . 
  you ca n't be getting angrier at something that is affecting you less and less , unless you are insane . 
   apples and oranges . 
  trump solution was aimed at a bunch of other problems as well . 
  hillaries was more targeted . 
  trump also brought the issue long before hillary , so her response is almost purely political . 
  it was never part of her platform . 
  she explained her ideas during the primaries . 
  and trump 's solution is arguably retarded . 
   again , infrastructure was never part of clinton 's platform . 
  like most things , she brought it up late just to counter trump . 
  i also do n't think anyone actually based their decision on infrastructure alone . 
  it has been a throw-around term for well over a decade now . 
  back to trump , infrastructure was just 1 component of a much larger message ; `` us is falling apart '' . 
  fine , i concede give the `` infrastructure '' point to trump . 
   i would very much make the argument that us intervention in places like iraq and syria is the reason for the refugee problem , but that is to complex for a reddit comment . 
  exactly , there are many reasons , so we do n't have to reduce it to `` hurr durr evil western imperialism causes all evil '' as many of my leftist friends argue . 
  i can be brief and say that of all the reasons that caused the civil war , climate change is arguably the most important one . 
  one and a half million farmers ( among a population of 22m ) could not farm anymore and crowded the cities . 
  tl/dr ; you ca n't build a wall against carbon dioxide . 
  if trump pushes his climate change denial , this will cause a ridiculous amount of refugees in the long term . 
  but his term will be over by then - probably he 'll be dead by then - so who gives a shit . 
   trickle down economics not working is a very common saying on social media . 
  it is however just that , a saying . 
  there are books written by some very good economists that argue both sides . 
  something all those economists do agree on is that massive regulation harms the economy , and that is something trump was very outspoken about it 's like the 2008 financial crisis never happened . 
  let 's have another one . 
   there are far bigger factors , such as cultural deterioration , corruption , ethinic/racial division etc. 
  those are the things that won it for trump , not his infrastructure policies . 
  fair enough . 
  literally everyone agrees on your corruption point . 
  but the others are made up issues . 
  you ca n't vote culture . 
  that is crazy and quite dangerous if you think you can . 
  yeah , one of the times that life imitates art .
