  which i doubt . 
  what about crippling debt and ~ 50 % youth unemployment ? 
  should i be thankful for that too ? 
  the uk 's decision is a collective fit of rage . 
  there is no rational , logical , objective reason to leave the eu . 
  it was all rage . 
  emotions . 
  i apologize for being impolite . 
  but understand that as i fully believe to the idea of a eu ( federated or not , either way works for me to be honest ) the uk bailing on us stings , and it wo n't be forgotten . 
   besides some short-term economic slowdowns . 
  you do n't know that . 
  for the first time , i hope you are 100 % right , but i doubt it . 
  but the point is that you do n't know that and you deserve to be held accountable for putting people in this uncertainty . 
   why is it that people accuse the uk of acting like an empire ? 
  because you do . 
  you had a good deal while being in the eu , yet you still complained incessantly . 
  it is because you simply do n't know your place and refuse to learn it , by thinking that you will be more of a `` world power '' outside the eu rather than inside it . 
  delusional . 
  i pity anyone who would deal with the uk now , seeing how their voters have ( to put it mildly and not be rude again ) very little emotional maturity . 
  you should have thought of that earlier now you deserve the full consequences , you and your children too people need to fucking realize that voting is not a joke . 
  this isnt entertainment . 
  the shit you vote for will have real consequences in your daily lives . 
  prepare to receive them , 
  who needs a lobotomy when you can listen to nigel farage for 5 minutes ? 
  same effect , and its free !, 
   as leave supporters have put it , the eu is n't the sort of club you want to be in if it wants to kneecap people on exit , that 's more the mafia 's bag of tea . 
  every day i log in and i am always surprised by some new moronic leave propaganda try behaving this way in any other human interaction . 
  try quitting your job in a fit of rage , and see if your former boss or colleagues want to work with you again do you lack basic empathy , besides rational thought ? 
  i mean , has your collective iq of the uk gone down or did you always have this inflated sense of self-entitlement ? 
  you leaving the eu because `` muh feelings are hurt '' will cause significant damage to people around the world , people who did n't ask for it and did n't deserve it . 
  of course it will damage your own people as well but we already established that you do n't care about them , so it does n't matter anyway , bottom line is : you will be held accountable for your actions . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  in this real world , you are not an empire anymore , the sooner you realize this the better for everyone including yourselves, 
  who cares about food and money when you are proud and free ? 
  flair checks out, 
  everybody calls everybody names its just one side ( brexit ) that is super offended about it and whines about it daily and its not like they are better with the name calling , arguably they are worse , but the hypocrisy is quite funny, 
  so the leave side basically has the mentality of a 15 old wan na be ` edgy ' teenager ? 
  * you tell us one thing , we 'll do the opposite !, 
  * you should be embarrassed for your country, 
  i do n't know about `` racist '' and its quite rare to hear it in this sub ( except ironically ; antieu folks use the word ironically x100 times than the leftists use it seriously ) but the `` old '' and `` white '' part is an objective reality . 
  i mean the old part at least , that 's for sure , as for the white part you can still make a case for it i do n't understand why reality is offensive to some people . 
  its not an insult either . 
  is it bad to be old and white ? 
  they are the people who overwhelmingly voted against the eu and against the wishes of the younger generations that will have to live with this . 
  its a fact . 
  ah right . 
  you are only allowed to hate on the other 48 %, 
  if you are a nationalist , they are all very negative things, 
  if i had gold i 'd give it to you maybe some german dude here can lend me some ? 
  i promise ill pay it back soon edit : somebody else did it for me !, 
  damn , do i owe interest to him or her too now ? 
   look at greece . 
  the greeks voting solidly against the eu austerity measures and elected an anti-austerity party , but in the end then they capitulated to all the eus demands because of their crushing debt . 
  greeks are collectively known to be cowards . 
  the only instance where we act tough is with macedonia , this tiny country which we take pleasure in bullying around but against ze germans ? 
  we talk a lot of shit against `` nazi merkel '' but when push comes to shove we bow our cowardly heads down anyway point is that while greece might bow down , the other countries like italy and spain might have some spine left and refuse to do so . 
  or maybe not . 
  who knows ? 
   we could become the next greece :( i dream of a time when my country 's name wo n't be synonymous with dogshit, 
  this the eu tried the appeasement route with greece , did n't really work out . 
  the whole world took the eu for granted lets not repeat the same mistake . 
  i hope we make an example out of the uk . 
  it has to stop now or we might as well disband the eu entirely, 
   and you , as any globalist , will blame right wing for the fact that people are happy . 
  you are scooping the cream of globalism , you are detached from common people and you are wrong on many cases , including what i think . 
  i am a common person just like you . 
  the young people of the uk , heck even the middle aged ones up to 45 years of age , agree with me . 
  not you . 
  but you demonstrate how the right wingers are quick to burn bridges and divide everyone . 
  as if by disagreeing with you i stop being a `` common person '' , i somehow become an `` elite '' . 
  that is the problem right there . 
  but you will never realize it . 
   you are detached too , you look at tables and lists and gdp but you do n't see people doing two shifts , gray area and outsorcing work market . 
  i look at objective data . 
  including the people you mentioned . 
  [ the uk had an incredibly , historically low unemployment rate ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/unemployment-rate ) despite its multiculturalism ( real or imagined ) . 
  anyway no had feelings and good luck to you . 
  i feel for your people living in the uk and i hope their lives are not affected , though they probably will be . 
   i ca n't take you seriously . 
  i would say that about pis , but merkel and her gov ? 
  you mean her , because she said it . 
  and yes , do n't take her seriously , on your own peril . 
  your call really . 
   people are n't richer , countries are , majority gets worse and worse deal while businessmen gets better and better . 
  poland , for example , makes substitute for germany in cheap work force , like little china of europe . 
  again , numbers are objective . 
  they do n't lie . 
  people are richer too . 
  the idea you have about proud nationalists struggling in poverty does not exist in reality . 
   right wing parties had an idea how to manage immigrants : not being generous , being austere , being resolute . 
  few immigrants that were in poland had run away to germany , that tells something . 
  no , their idea was to confuse , frustrate , agitate and prevent anyone from reaching a solution . 
  this was intentional . 
  so that they can reap what they sown now , all this chaos plays right into their voting chambers . 
   rule of the choosen should be such that rule of the mob does n't overthrow them . 
  cameron wanted referendum , he got referendum . 
  it shows that globalists and elites are disconected from their people and that is main problem . 
  our leaders were trying to fit square peg into round hole and now they have broken something . 
  of course these poles living in the uk wo n't be kicked out . 
  it was a hypothetical .
