  read some of the comments , especially of our uk friends . 
  it 's not like they will accept defeat , gracefully acknowledging that they are nothing more than a vocal minority . 
  personally i 'd welcome such a vote . 
  even if the pro-eu side loses , i 'll just grab my popcorn and watch as the weaker countries ( e.g. 
  greece ) slowly collapse - while deserving it too . 
  this is a good point and it should be higher . 
  its not just the pr problem , its that the average pro-eu person is moderate . 
  they are sort of ok with it , its cool , its there and its not bad so lets move on with our lives . 
  on the other hand the anti-eu group is very fanatical and also ideological . 
  they are hellbent on destroying it , its like an item very high on their worldview . 
  so when we have fanaticals coming into contact with moderates , the outcome is as expected . 
  so did anything get done ? 
  because everyone screamed and raged and ignored the eu anyway . 
  few entities want to cooperate . 
  and now here you come , telling us how little has been achieved , well no shit sherlock . 
  maybe if you did n't try to hamstring the eu at every turn we would have a different outcome . 
  you remind me of obamacare , where republicans did their utmost to destroy it , ended up hamstringing it as it was reduced to an ineffective compromise ... and then had the nerve to complain that it did n't work . 
   the larger countries will simply end up dictating how things are going to be . 
  why would anyone else be interested in that ? 
  does a country being a large and populous automatically make them wiser or more correct ? 
  when did you see this happening ? 
   as long as there are differences seemingly based on nationality ( ie . 
  the germans generally feel this way and the dutch generally feel that way etc ) again , where ? 
  what choices were made because the germans felt german and the dutch felt dutch ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  so if all those people get their votes and the outcome is not the desired one i.e. 
  the votes choose to remain in the eu , what then ? 
  will they accept the eu as a legitimate organization or will it keep being viewed a foreign oppressive globalist force ? 
  somehow i think the latter . 
  i also wonder about the reasons people are so hell-bent on destroying the eu . 
  has it been so bad for their country ? 
  i understand that if i ask this in / r/europe the answer will be `` muslims '' but that is not really an eu matter is it ? 
   because u.s. officials have stated explicitly that they view european lax controls on their citizens as a threat . 
  u.s. senators like chris murphy has stated the same . 
  you have n't really been paying attention , i think , because this is apparently surprising you , but it should n't have . 
  do you agree with them ? 
  i understood that you agreed with said officials regarding the `` helplessness '' of europe . 
  american officials are scared , it 's what they do , they start wars on false premises and people tend to forget about it some years afterwards . 
  i would be very wary before trusting an american official talking about terrorism . 
  it has changed their own country as well and not for the better . 
   i have literally no idea what you 're on about . 
  you keep trying to drag in internal eu politics into this discussion , while i 've kept it out of the discussion . 
  this is n't about eu policy on migration , it 's about how the eu has handled it . 
   so again , what does this have to do with refugee immigration policy ? 
  you mentioned migration . 
  i have no idea why you are so puzzled that i commented on something you brought up . 
  this is how discussions work or ? 
   theo , you need to calm down and drink some tea . 
  it would do you well . 
  thanks laboe , but can we leave the `` are you mad bro ?? '', 
  comments out of this ? 
  this is n't counterstrike and believe me its not winning you any points . 
  its [ reality ] ( http://www.techjuice.pk/a-data-scientist-explains-odds-of-dying-in-a-terrorist-attack/ ) . 
  i know it goes against your ideology but reality still wins . 
  why i bring up the economy ? 
  because people overstay their visas for financial reasons . 
  not saying that 's the only reason but its definitely up there . 
  now i 'm not sure why you bring terrorism or migration ( refugees are n't eu citizens anyway , so wtf ? ), 
  except maybe you want to rant in the usual fashion i.e. 
  * muslims killing and raping everyone in europe we are being overrun * . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  i mean , where are your facts ? 
  but nice ad hominem anyway . 
   agree that there were issues in greece . 
  i do not think that it is categorically not possible for greece to function well . 
  that 's the moral hazard right there . 
  if greece can function well , why give us free money ? 
  but if there is something inherently bad in greece that prevents us from functioning , then we should get free money , but obviously no sane politician will admit to that . 
  nobody is going to say `` we are broken , please bail us out '' . 
  politicians cater to the population . 
  nobody will vote for a politicians who says negative things about his or her country . 
  all people want is politicians who praise them and tell them how awesome they are . 
   also , note that while greece 's problems were the worst , greece is not alone in not conforming to ez fiscal requirements . 
  there is some degree of similar blame all around in making ez requirements be realistic and be taken seriously . 
  interesting . 
  honest question , was any other country [ financially audited like greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_financial_audit,_2004 ) ? 
   i 'm kind of partial to the idea of having an eu level anti-fraud organization with investigatory powers , but some people here have said that they are sure that this would not pass political muster . 
  lol sorry you 'll have more luck trying to ban feta than allow any organization to investigate our finances . 
  everyone , from the most antiauthoritarian anarchist to the most hardcore nazi would unite in protest against such an idea . 
  yeah , this is my experience as well . 
  a lot of american posters or american media constantly shitting on europe . 
  sometimes i wonder about the motivation ... sure media likes to scare people but is tehre a deeper agenda ? 
  now with ttip coming up ? 
  i do n't know . 
  anyway it 's sad and creates the perception that there is a civil war going on , when we are one of the most prosperous places on the planet where everyone wants to go live . 
  ok if you have an anti-western agenda then that 's not my concern . 
  anyone who uses the term `` the west '' as a blanket term does n't interest me anyway . 
  watch how this will be praised as poland asserting its proud national sovereignty . 
  but if sweden accepts refugees , they will be condemned as globalist overlords betraying their native citizens . 
  it 's a blatant double standard . 
  its scary how easily people trust politicians , as long as they cater to their fears . 
  these are the same politicians who wanted to deny abortions under any circumstances or , even worse , started the whole [ polish constitutional court crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_constitutional_court_crisis,_2015 ) . 
  it 's very clear that they are using refugees to deflect attention from all the bad stuff they are doing . 
  this is a depressingly common tactic : hate runs downward so when shit gets tough , always blame the immigrants . 
  is the un selling weapons ? 
  i 'm gon na yell at you ( nobody should ) but i 'm just gon na tell you that you are wrong . 
  the helplessness of europe ? 
  are you living in a different continent ? 
  most of the eu is doing great - greece is a notable exception , but that 's because we the natives fucked up our economy and not because of refugees - and dying in a terrorist attack is less likely that having a meteor fall on your head . 
  i am often amazed at the levels of hysteria and panic exhibited when it comes to europe .
