  most of them , at least . 
  imho economies suck not because there ai n't enough intelligent and hard working people , but because the underlying structure of society does not allow them to be productive . 
  true , but its the jobs the uk opened up and agreed to foreigners filling them . 
  slovakians did not invade the uk and force them to give them jobs . 
  it 's weird that you are downvoted . 
  do people really think that brussels will march with an army and force all european countries to join a superstate ? 
  i mean seriously how do you folks imagine this thing happening . 
  nice , i am guessing you will personally return the money our people were receiving after 1981 ? 
  and you will also take care of the expats that will have their lives turned around , right ? 
  or are all these things inconvenient details to an angsty dude who just wants to see the world burn for his own entertainment . 
   is the public often given a choice ? 
  i know most countries do n't have a referendum like the uk will have soon , but you are give the same choice as you are on virtually everything else in your life : by elected representatives . 
  but i understand that the prevalent rhetoric is to pain the eu as some kind of unwanted tyranny enforced upon the people , literally hitler and the fourth reich combined etc. 
  in order to anger and frustrate people . 
  the reality is that you have the same choice when it comes to the eu as you have for everything else in your life , so its very dishonest to paint it in a tyrannical fashion . 
  yea ofc george clooney was a great example of `` most people '', 
   any source of that ? 
  i find it extremely unlikely such global study exists , that shows what percentage of paedophiles are religious , when there are n't even comprehensive studies showing how many paedophiles there are . 
  sorry for the late reply . 
  i 'd happily show you , but first please tell me , if there are no good studies , how do you support your claim that catholic priests are just like everybody else ? 
  did you not read the comments we were responding to ? 
   like george clooney , coming to lecture europe on helping refugees inside his dozens of palatial mansions, 
   thanks to `` progress '' now cost of house is waay higher that have been progress made your houses more expensive ? 
   most people  like george clooney that is not sensationalistic at all / s but seriously you should work for the media . 
  there are some newspapers that would make good use of your talents . 
  first the holocaust and now this . 
  allright , so you are basically admitting to be a troll ? 
  good to know that you purposefully bust by balls while being an offensive teenager ( mentally or physically ) earned you your ignore as well as you being reported  take care , you may have the last word , i grant it to you , 
  its weird asking * me * to ignore * you * , since i was n't the one who started bothering you about alleged strawmen . 
  and if you feel `` shoehorned '' into something that is your issue because you barged in a conversation you did n't really follow through , where no one accused you of anything . 
  take care . 
  relatively harmelss is an excuse . 
  a terrorist attack is `` relatively harmless '' too compared to some other things , but try saying that out loud . 
  so is `` lets start with the muslims '' also . 
  people are generally ok with a small amount of craziness as long as its familiar and well-understood . 
  i expect you to keep obsessing about your imagined strawman ( a double strawman  instead of actually discussing , so if you do i 'm just gon na have to ignore you . 
  you are missing the point completely , purposefully too , in hopes of diverting attention from this blatant double standard . 
   imo crazies are relatively harmless so long as her numbers in anyone pace are less than the margin in any election there no ? 
  literally the next reply was  imo crazies are relatively harmless so long as her numbers in anyone pace are less than the margin in any election there the general consensus is that our native crazies are just a little loonie lol but they do n't really harm anyone so just let them do their harmless crazyness lol , something like that, 
  i do n't know man . 
  i 've no clue how schooling works there . 
  i went to a `` good '' school that happened to be super conservative and it was a big mistake . 
  there is a lot of cognitive dissonance when your parents tell you one thing and then society ( mostly limited to school if you are a kid ) tells you the complete opposite . 
  also , the other kids frequenting such schools are usually entitled spoiled pieces of shit . 
  just try to imagine the spawn of a conservative , catholic family and think if you 'd like your daughter around these things . 
  is public school better ? 
  no , but at least you 'll get a taste of reality . 
  your kid will learn how the real world is like , instead of being in a shelter full of indoctrinated religious little shitturds . 
  plus , the school does n't really matter . 
  grades do , but you usually memorize the material in the few months before the exams . 
  but maybe its different in the uk ? 
  same could be said for the fundamentalist muslims . 
  afaik there is no significant pro-sharia party . 
  and if we imported lunatic christians , the right wing would welcome and even use their fundamentalism to promote their agenda . 
  not even 1/100th of the people would call for their suppression , as they do about radical muslims . 
  idealist views are generally wrong . 
  morals do n't generate societies , since there is no place for morals to come from outside a society . 
  but that 's not the point , like i could be wrong but it does n't matter because moral systems are never tested . 
  which is a good thing i guess ? 
  if we started testing morality we would probably abandon 99 % of it stuff because its shit . 
   new untested moral systems should n't count as progress . 
  they are equally dogmatic as religions but have n't survived the pass of time . 
  you make it sound as if moralities are `` tested '' and only the `` good '' ones survive . 
  in reality , a specific morality spreads and takes hold because of the swords of the people who hold it . 
  it has nothing to do with the moral rules themselves . 
   `` let 's start with murder '' except the law does n't function this way at all . 
  for good reason, 
   i 'm not part of the problem . 
  she comes home and i tell her it 's all bullshit . 
  i do n't buy that because i ca n't imagine why someone would put his kid through this confusion . 
  but anyway this is personal to you so i mean no offence and i will stop . 
  no reason to bring your family into anything . 
  this was a silly discussion anyway . 
   that is not a question a rational person should ask from a violent extremist because one will not get a rational answer . 
  that would be a mistake . 
  extremists do n't randomly blow up shit . 
  they have an ideology that is internally coherent ; it 's the underlying premises that it 's based on that are shit . 
  for example isis puts a lot of emphasis on bringing about the apocalypse . 
  by provoking the west , they hope to have a final confrontation with the `` armies of rome '' and initiate armageddon . 
  in that context , some of their actions make sense . 
  same with this french guy here . 
  of course , when it comes to adherents of this anti-globalist nationalism , many people like to pretend that they are just crazy . 
  it 's very convenient to label them like this . 
  so far we had one crazy , breivik , and now we have another one . 
  third time 's the charm ? 
  or will we understand that these are the actions of people who have truly embraced their insane ideology and are acting in a consistent fashion ? 
  if you really believe that western civilization is being destroyed and raped by hordes of muslims ( brought in by the leftists [ orchestrated by the jews ] ) why should n't you act violently to prevent this ? 
  it 's the only thing you can do , since everything is against you and the future of your white children ... 
   it is . 
  i see it . 
  my daughter goes to a catholic school . 
  it 's a joke . 
  how do you feel being part of the problem ? 
  i 'm guessing , you have all these excuses lined up . 
  i can almost listen to it : * i 'm not a christian but ... i respect the values of these traditions and there are a lot of valuable lessons to be learned and its a good school and our tradition and our culture and our tradition and our culture etc etc etc *  '' you 're racist !, 
  the christians say gays are bad '' !!, 
  nobody called you a racist . 
  i know you 'd like to , but nobody called you that . 
  people like you hound any discussion to find reasons to be offended by something . 
  i 've seen whole discussions of dudes who shout at one another do n't call me racist !,
