  but its sad that you are so quick to accept it , if the majority somehow happened to vote 52 % `` kick the smelly poles out '' that would be the best example of mob rule to date . 
  and you would be happy with that since you are ( i presume ) a right winger , you are happy with any decision as long as your side wins , even if your own people get fucked . 
   i see you like to tell people what is better for them , maybe you should i do n't know start a party , be a dictator ? 
  you sound like having habits of a boss telling people what they should do , think , and even feel . 
  it is great to be so progressive when you are scooping for yourself the cream of globalism and multiculturalism while common person is unseen behind tall gate of your closed community . 
  but that 's my wild guess . 
  there is an objective reality regardless of our feelings my friend . 
  besides that , your essentially godwin defence is disappointing . 
  just because someone disagrees with you does not mean he is a dictator who wants to control the thoughts of the people . 
  but you are right in that i am scooping the cream of globalism and multiculturalism . 
  damn right i am . 
  it 's the only kind of system that gives me freedom , contrast that to the nationalists that want to control all aspects of my life . 
   what happend now is that left was encouraging once more , climate change and civil war . 
  the left did not pour any gasoline , because the left is not in charge . 
  a conservative , right wing anti-multiculturalist leader , merkel , is in charge . 
   brexit is consequence of all that . 
  crime is down . 
  people are objectively safer today than they were in their glorious all-white all-christian days . 
  so it objectively ca n't be that . 
  what i learned the past year is that people put feelings over reality . 
  i think we misunderstimated that . 
  it does n't matter if people are objectively ( like , measurably ) safer , more educated , more rich and more powerful . 
  what matters is their feelings , and if they are hurt or offended , they will burn everything to the ground to take revenge for their hurt feelings . 
  not that that information changes anything , just saying . 
  we could not have prevented the refugees from showing up since we did not take any action to stop climate change or assad . 
  we could not make the eu countries work together to handle the situation , mostly because the right wing was doing everything it could to prevent this cooperation . 
   if hundreds of thousand of my nationals have to come back to poland so millions of brits can be happy in their own country , so be it . 
  it is their own country . 
  mob rule , yes . 
  the same mentality that led to every human social disaster in history . 
  of course they can kick the poles out , no shit , the army and the police is controlled by the government after all . 
  they can do whatever they want . 
  but this decision will never be respected . 
  these people did nothing wrong . 
  your fellow countrymen lived productively in peace , but now they are kicked out because `` turkey and iraq will enter the eu , the eu wants to ban the queen and 350 million pounds are stolen by brussels '' . 
  that is the actual reason . 
  not a fair reason to kick these people out imho . 
  you can make shit up , this referendum just proved it, 
   but left wings likes to ridicule right so they can keep on pouring gasoline on fire because reasons . 
  unfortunately its the right that needs the gasoline . 
  right wing populist parties are elected on frustration and anger . 
  the left has no use for gasoline . 
   what 's wrong with that ? 
  we will soon find out my friend . 
  i hope its not as devastating as i predicted , for the sake of your people , but we will find out soon enough . 
  nice to see how nationalists can just gamble with the livelihoods of people without any care in the world . 
  this wo n't be forgotten , not for a long time, 
  ah ok , good thing the eu is stabilized now thanks to your kind imagine if we 'd have listened to soros , eu would be in such a divided state now / s, 
   fuck cdu morons for fucking driving britons out . 
  blame the nationalists , they wanted freedom and they got it . 
  the cdu does not have responsibility in the free choices of others, 
  lol soros is holy holy grail of conspiratards, 
  funny thing is if someone asked you `` how has brussels oppressed you '' you would have nothing to say , except 350 million pounds a week . 
  because we need independence and freedom and national pride and fuck the nato and we are giving away 350 billion euros a month to nato . 
  death to the traitors, 
  i like how you blame anyone else but him `` do as the blonde man says or democracy will enter crisis ! '', 
  seriously dude, 
   your implied accusation of xenophobia on my part is particularly hurtful no implied accusation my friend . 
  its not xenophobia , its just that you are a victim of greece 's historical pr marketing  german law , which also has quite a few of them , is no exception to this . 
  which is why its retarded to see everyone talking about these alleged secular values . 
  islam is not the reason turkey ca n't join the eu . 
  cyprus is . 
  even if everyone in turkey was a fedora tippin ' neckbeard , turkey could still not join the eu because cyprus would never let them, 
   i never said i need easier access , it 's europe i was talking about apparently not because nobody is asking for it  when governments ca n't keep their citizens safe , tightening gun control is criminal . 
  crime is low and keeps getting lower . 
  its way safer than our parents time, 
  i didnt ask if you wan na keep them you said you need easier access . 
  why ? 
  what exactly are you facing that your existing guns ( which i am sure are plenty , and also highly functional ) ca n't deal with, 
   a eu state needs to be secular at least in large parts bullshit . 
  do you know this country called greece ? 
  we were accepted in the eu in 1981 and have a proud national state church whose roots go [ very deep in the state apparatus ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-greece-blasphemy-idusbrea0g0o620140117 ) and in society in general ( i mean the first google result for that clusterfuck was al jazeera ffs ) but we are white and * hurr durr ancient greece is awesome hurr socrates and aristotle * so we get a free pass . 
  but the turks have fought very hard for secularism and despite that they get shat upon , which is not fair, 
  of course . 
  since he was n't a muslim , its `` nutjob '' by default, 
  the christian faith is not modern, 
  do n't change the goalposts so easily religion had little to do with the genocides and i am sure you know this . 
  it was nationalism look at my flair . 
  we survived , even as second class citizens , we had that right . 
  on the other hand try being a muslim in medieval europe . 
  would never happen would it ? 
  tl/dr ; you have to be very naive to think any religion spread voluntarily, 
  you mentioned you own several guns why do you need easier access ? 
  is your arsenal lacking ? 
  please tell us what possible threat you might face that your existing guns ca n't deal with, 
   islam on the other hand has tons of mosques in europe what % ? 
  i would but they live in the mountains where they have been historically isolated . 
  not all of us had that luxury . 
  they are also not useless , lazy and divisive cunts . 
  which helps , if you want to build a decent society . 
  we get it , you are never allowed to blame the christian religion on the other hand muslims are fair game no matter what lets just put this on the faq and be done with it, 
  hate to break this to you but neonazis go against anyone who isnt a neonazi . 
  like dont think that you are safe just because you happen to be a right winger, 
  once more you are not living in the god damn usa . 
  gun control is not a left/right issue in europe also the idea that not carrying guns ( or letting females carry them as you said ) is to blame for the disarray is a powerfully retarded statement . 
  like as if we all carried guns on us things would be better ? 
  the disarray is caused by a civil war and climate change , not lack of pistols on your pocket you wan na be james bond  as for the media there were plenty attempts to censor things ( such as attacks in cologne ) . 
  it was not censored , breitbart is full of shit as usual , bunch of hysterical trolls and insecure manlets , if that is your best example then you need some more my friend, 
   then you and your way of `` thinking '' is precisely the reason we 're in this shit . 
  i see , so i am to blame for these terrorist attacks .
