  there are many comments by new accounts ( altrightards who were banned and come back for revenge ) but your comments stand out . 
  tl/dr ; you are not as smart as you think you are, 
  dude do you make a new account every day just to shitpost ? 
  sounds like a lot of work . 
   there 's always a ton of people that assume that even letting someone own an ar15 with a ton of paperwork is a type of free for all anarchy . 
  yes , people are afraid of this , because its not in ( at least ) our culture . 
  this is exactly why `` europeans '' freak out about guns . 
  despite that , you complain about it . 
  and then you go ahead and make bold proclamations about self-determination :  i 'm arguing that each country should be free to do with their gun laws as they want . 
  you might be surprised to know that this is already the case . 
  this is how countries operate . 
  they fucking make laws as they see fit . 
  well done , you have been passionately arguing for something that already exists . 
  a less polite person than me would say `` no shit , sherlock '' but i am a polite person . 
  did you forget an / s ? 
  hard to tell these days, 
   but this offer will only be credible if mainstream parties can regain working-class trust . 
  that will require cleansing themselves of the suspicion that they are `` lining their pockets '' . 
  super-rich politicians such as hillary clinton and tony blair are gifts to populism the analysis is obviously wrong on this point . 
  trump is not working-class , neither is farage . 
  in fact , the people have picked their working-class champion that will challenge the global financial elites : trump , a billionaire . 
  with a cabinet of corporate elites like the ceo of exxonmobile , who will fight to give more power and freedom to the corporate world via deregulation , since this is generally a pro-deregulation cabinet . 
  yes , they will defend the proud white working class . 
  they are the champions . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  anyway , the author overestimates the factual basis of voters ' attitudes . 
  reality does n't matter as much as we think it does . 
  what matters is perception . 
  well now you said `` possible '' gun laws . 
  in that case , sure , people are afraid of change . 
  do you blame them ? 
  you must be a few bullets short of a full magazine if you think e.g. 
  greek people should have access to such weaponry . 
  or if you think that greek people are the same as swiss people , lol . 
  besides the violence , the worst aspect of this issue is that it is a wedge issue . 
  much like abortion . 
  i hope it never gets introduced into any eu country . 
  it will fuck politics up even more and nothing good will come out of it . 
   yeah really , people need to learn about the foundations of western civilization by reading locke , etc. 
  that 's strange because everybody told me it was the classical greeks who founded civilization :( / s but seriously locke would n't have a problem with gun control . 
  he was n't exactly a libertarian . 
  if gun violence was found to be a significant social problem , our freedom should be collectively limited for the good of society because that is what a social contract is . 
  in fact , locke argued that the main purpose of the government is to defend life , liberty and property . 
  so if you want to be completely unrestricted in what weapons you have and what violence you inflict even in your own property , you should arguably remove yourself from civilized society . 
  or so i think locke would argue . 
  not 100 % sure it 's been some time since i read the 2nd treatise . 
  the problem that people have with that is that is reduces human life to whatever the property is worth . 
  nobody would argue that you should not defend your own self or your family . 
  the issues begin when we equate aggression to humans to with aggression to property i.e. 
  when you see someone trying to steal your car and you gun him down . 
  i think many countries have laws against that . 
  what is that directive ? 
  is the eu announcing directives via twitter now, 
   when an european talks about the gun laws of their countries with another europeans , it 's like there are no gun laws at all and it 's a free for all . 
  literally never heard this . 
  most people are not obsessed with guns anyway . 
  it 's kind of a fringe issue, 
  brits ? 
  thankfully we have them only in the summer . 
  thanks , that is impressive, 
  the issue was pretty specific on what happens to expats . 
  no wiggle room there . 
  the eu is respecting your choices . 
  the initiative lies with may , if she wants to guarantee anything . 
  i get all that . 
  the `` secret '' group would lose its `` secrecy '' if they answer , so they do n't answer . 
  problem is i think there is evidence for such a group . 
  or rather , there could be , it really depends on why and how the polls fucked up . 
   is there something you want to say ? 
  because you are not being very clear . 
  yeah you asked me where i saw offense being taken . 
  i responded . 
  then you started telling me about your grandfather . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  how is ignoring them a humane act ? 
   that only depends on reciprocity being given or not . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  britons already had the same rights but voted against them . 
  so expecting reciprocity is like going against the interests of your citizens . 
  i see what you are saying but i think the reasoning is a little reverse . 
  like , how can you know that a secret group exists ? 
  by definition , they are secret . 
  we are just assuming that they exist . 
  on the other hand , there are a lot of them that are open about it . 
  this does n't mean that the `` secret '' group does not exist , it may or may not exist , but i do n't think there is any positive evidence at the time . 
   it is the same reason why often times exit-polls give wrong numbers for right wing parties that is interesting to consider . 
  i thought that wrong results where due to the media selectively ignoring or downplaying some sentiments . 
  it 's not that these feelings are hidden , it 's that they are ignored . 
  they ? 
  the journalists from deutsche welle did that to your grandfather or germans in general ? 
  if it 's the latter , well you know how that sounds . 
  you also conveniently moved the goalpost , btw . 
  have you met people who think jews ca n't be trusted ? 
  believe me they do n't give a fuck about what the interviewer says , because he is part of soros ' anti-white liberal conspiracy . 
  i mean , we can call them many things , but definitely not shy . 
  i bet that these people would be happy if the interviewer judged them , because that would give them the write to aggressively bitch and whine at being `` victimized '' by the media . 
  by implying that there was an accusation of being a `` class enemy '' , whatever you think that means . 
  you 'll now say that it did n't offend you , but you have to admit it sounds over the top . 
  did they send you to gulags as well ? 
  first you were offended at being called racist .
