  how crazy is that ? 
  let me repeat it : you guys start screaming that `` hate speech '' is the same as `` criticism of islam '' yet i am the one who ca n't distinguish between them ? 
  madness , pure right wing madness , 
   if we do n't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise you mean like muslims ? 
  oh wait , they do n't , they believe in a different god so they should be deported because they hold views that some of us deem hostile to some alleged `` european '' values wan na kick the insane fundamentalists out ? 
  go ahead man . 
  kick the muslims out but please do n't forget your own native kind of crazies ( you know , the ones we are not allowed to mention here ) , which i am sure you will because * but but but our christian tradition but but but our traditional values etc *, 
  yeah i do n't think that is happening in a systemic degree . 
  you claim differently , so i wonder where your evidence is ? 
  actually i do n't . 
  this is just agitation and/or shitposting . 
  * we are such victims of the liberal elite !, 
  * no you are not . 
  show me who censored you and i will change my mind . 
  send me a pm if you are worried so much . 
  i do n't know what else to tell you . 
  i do n't think so . 
   according to you . 
  therein lies the problem . 
  i was angrily and repeatedly asked to give my opinion . 
  now that i do , you are like `` hurr durr that 's just your opinion man '' . 
  are you kidding me lol you guys are really desperate at this point, 
  / u/mkvgtired  people have been asking you for the entire thread to distinguish between hate speech and criticism of religion and you failed on your first attempt . 
  lets be real here . 
  its a right wing echo chamber anyway , so why pretend ? 
  people are implying that criticism of islam is the same as `` hate speech '' . 
  it is obviously not . 
  where is your evidence ? 
  people are saying that the leftist liberal elite wants to use this law to ban criticism of islam . 
  where is your evidence ? 
  was anyone who critisized the pedophile catholic priests accused of `` hate speech '' and then jailed ? 
  of course not . 
  no one was , no one is , no one will be . 
  so enough with this hypocrisy . 
  you are not asking anything , you are not doing a public debate , you are simply trying to push political propaganda . 
  how ? 
  by playing the victim card . 
  by promoting the victim mentality . 
  but here is the truth : ** you are not a victim . 
  you are not being oppressed . 
  ** compared to the millions of peaceful and non-pedophilic muslims in the west who are about to feel the right wing wrath for crimes they did not commit , you are extremely safe . 
  all of you are safe , you are in no danger whatsoever , nor will ever be . 
  tl/dr ; do what you have to do but lets not pretend this is an honest question . 
  i advocate honesty , not an ideology . 
   hate speech , in a lot of cases , is speech that you happen to disagree with . 
  great example of doublespeak . 
  orwell would be proud . 
  no , `` hate speech '' is `` hate speech '' and `` speech you happen to disagree with '' is `` speech you happen to disagree with '' . 
  they are not the same thing . 
  but of course your side benefits from as much confusion , obfuscation and redefining the words as possible . 
  totally different topic . 
  i mean we can discuss it all you like ( i 'm sure we will agree on 90 % of the things ) but the point was whether you would get `` kicked out of the free speech club '' as you said . 
  one way to find out . 
  the 24 hours pass and we can just continue talking about it , and see who gets banned . 
  i can start first , if you like . 
  ( if i manage to keep you on topci until them , which seems difficult ), 
  are we changing the subject ? 
  or are you asking whether your mentioning of rotherham would get you arrested ? 
  long story short , if you are specifically talking about rotherham i 'd bet money you would not be kicked out of the free speech club . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
   because you triggered me i 'm sorry but this sounds too trollish to be true . 
  i 'd like to talk to you but i have been burnt dozens of times by right wing trolls that scream and rage in their desire to shove nationalism down my throat . 
  so nope . 
  before you get even angrier - please understand that your side has a very real problem with angry trolling . 
  no , it 's not a 50-50 thing . 
  there are not left wing trolls calling you a racist ( i repeat , there are n't , nobody called you a racist so lets drop it ) . 
   i think he defeats his own point because if something is so bad that it should be banned i 'd hope those wishing it banned would n't commit it just to make a point . 
  it 's pretty obvious , to everyone , including yourself , that / u/brazzy42 was sarcastic . 
  like did you really think he was calling him a child-rapist ? 
  was n't the point clear ? 
  yes it was . 
  come on now . 
  did you mention rotherham before ? 
  me too man . 
  but i like how you carefully skirt the borders here  it 's like you want to say something but try to phrase it in a way that will make you sound like the victim here . 
  and not someone who is falsely accusing others of being an accomplice in the worst kind of crime known to humanity ( child rape ) . 
  it 's quickly becoming the mo here . 
  1984 was so correct it seems . 
  let me ask you this , is it ok to call people `` racists '' and thus ruin their lives , jobs and reputations ? 
  or slander ok only when we refer to muslims as accomplices to child rape ? 
  i mean the latter sounds infinitely worse to me , but i guess it 's ok since we ideologically disagree with them we can call them whatever we like . 
   pointing out the truth about an ideology is now hate speech how is that true ? 
  you mean my muslim neighbours are murderous pedophiles ? 
  or is it just * some * muslims ? 
  please , wipe the foam off your nationalist mouth and explain to me how this works . 
  if you can do it in time , that is . 
  allright but your sentence was deliberately vague ( some `` people '' and a `` religion ) and as such you would not get kicked out of the club no . 
  i think its when you specifically point fingers to people that are innocent , that gets you kicked out of the club . 
  i would assume not , because you made it intentionally vague for our example here . 
  now if you 'd say `` muslims promulgate a religion that smiles upon pedophilia while stoning homosexuals '' i assume you would get kicked out of the club . 
  it 's pretty abusive to deliberately paint real people who live next door ( with jobs , families , lives , etc ) as some kind of murderous pedophiles . 
  before the rage kicks in , just take a deep breath and think of someone else publicly calling you a murderous pedophile . 
  you 'd sue him for libel . 
  thanks for showing us how to conduct an argument by passively aggressively joining a circlejerk against a third person . 
  this is how dignified , honest adults discuss or ? 
  anyhow , i 'm really curious to find out how `` hate speech '' and `` criticism '' are exactly the same thing . 
  what is it that renders you unable to understand that they ca n't be anything but 1:1 identical ? 
  go to merriam-webster , search the word `` criticism '' , and tell us what it is . 
  it 's so fucking simple that i expect even you can accomplish this task . 
  i was n't talking to you .
