   guys , it 's been a week . 
  a week . 
  what exactly was supposed to happen ? 
  how does that counter what the article wrote ? 
  as far as i can see , the part you quoted is very accurate . 
   and yeah the pm 's resigned , because he did n't want the uk to leave . 
  is that a problem ? 
  should he have stayed on , even though he 's against the whole thing ? 
  he is the one that created the referendum . 
  so saying he was against it is kind of dishonest . 
  alex salmond also resigned when his referendum did not have the result he wanted ; but that was a vote for the status quo , therefore when slamond resigned it did not leave the country in disorder . 
  what could cameron have done ? 
  * lead the brexit negotiations . 
  having a remainer in charge would be fair , considering 48 % of the country voted to remain and they should be represented somehow . 
  extremely unlikely , but a valid choice nonetheless . 
  * resign , having found a replacement first . 
  * resign and call for immediate elections . 
  * resign but also present a concrete timetable with what 's going to happen , more importantly , when is article 50 going to be activated . 
  he did the worst possible thing by resigning and basically going `` we 'll see what happens in some months lol '' . 
  he just noped the fuck out . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  and everybody with half a brain understands that all this was part of an internal tory feud . 
  so to answer your question `` what was exactly supposed to happen ? '', 
  i would say `` not having your retarded party infighting fuck up europe because everyone is going to regret it , most of all the uk '' edit : grammar . 
   the us senate was balancing democracy versus civil liberties when your country was fighting over the feudal rights of kings was that before or after you decided black people were , in fact , human beings ... ? 
  poor folks were racially segregated until the 60s . 
  even until 1995 half your population believed that one should stick to his or her own race ffs you are living in a glass house , you know that right ? 
  unless you wanted to write * balancing democracy vs civil liberties ** * for white straight males only, 
   this is democracy and , unfortunately , it does n't always go in everyone 's favour . 
  you mean like the eu decisions that the uk disagreed with ? 
  edit : democracy matters only when your side wins , gotcha, 
  why ? 
  both are talking to their audience in the only way it understands . 
  if a politician speaks his mind , he will commit political suicide . 
  i mean junker has been real some times and people hate him with a burning passion . 
  people do n't want honesty . 
   if this means that the uk economy will take a large hit i am willing to accept that . 
  i would recommend that you do n't take your economy for granted . 
  you have ( had ? ), 
  an amazing economy . 
  its more important than you think . 
  culture , society , pride and even independence quickly deteriorate if you do n't have $ . 
  source : my flair . 
   the electorate has made it clear it is unacceptable to them that trading people can be a part of the deal that is not really fair though . 
  what happened when the people made it clear that free movement of people * is * acceptable ? 
  when people where happy with the eu ? 
  did you respect it ? 
  you never did . 
  what i mean is , its unhealthily cynical to disrespect and disregard everything in order to reach your goal ... and then turn around and demand everyone respect you . 
   how does the poor country profit from that ? 
  that question makes sense only if you believe that countries are distinct entities that can benefit directly . 
  the point of freedom of people is that the people of that country benefit . 
   one of the things that drives these little britoners craziest is that when they look the elites in the eye and say `` this is the problem : this is why i 'm mad '' but they did tell the elites they want a referendum , they got it and they won why keep whining about it ? 
  they had their say . 
  or are the politicians you guys disagree with conveniently labeled `` elites '' and `` intellectual '' ? 
  the double standard of this online idiocy keeps popping up . 
  you 've had it your way for years , both the political class and the media used the eu as a scapegoat for their failures . 
  this is what drives these `` little britoners '' crazy : years of coordinated propaganda have driven them mad against a perceived target . 
  so him saying `` u up ? '', 
  is just as retarded anyway, 
  [ not quite ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/23/eu-referendum-what-the-world-is-saying---britains-historic-decis/ ), 
   and then he should just deal with it . 
  all politics are local , and merkel has her own people to answer to . 
  i mean the people of germany ( or any country in the eu really ) are not democratically bound by the will of the british people bottom line is : people have weird ideas about democracy, 
  my argument was that there is a double standard . 
  right winger kills someone ? 
  crazy bad apple , does not represent anything . 
  muslim kills someone ? 
  he represents all muslims and islam , therefore all muslims are incompatible with the west , as we were told after fortuyn 's assassination . 
  there were a lot of mass protests against islam that largely went unreported now if you want to talk about what you think i know or do n't know , you can enjoy your ad hominems in peace, 
  haha i ca n't believe people are downvoting you holy shit this sub is stupid sometimes, 
  i do n't care , i 'm just happy some country except greece is taking shit, 
  no no no he is not a troll . 
  he is absolutely not trolling . 
  he is just a typical american . 
  please continue demonstrating our european awesomeness, 
  dont be that guy, 
  just try to imagine a similar incident but the murderer being a muslim and the target some right wing politician no comments are needed, 
   the uk is an amazing country , hence the high immigration levels . 
  so you are trying to make your country shit , to attract less immigrants ? 
  i guess that is one way of solving the immigration issue ... 
   easily aggregated . 
  i know right ? 
  every time i run a query against turks the results come back so fast, 
   nobody ever minds a working german/swede/italian that is happening exactly because of the muslims if they somehow disappear , you will see the old rivalries come back the next millisecond, 
   wishing for a second coming of hitler you are exaggerating . 
  the guy just wanted to read [ timur vermes ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/look_who%27s_back ) book . 
  that is too generic . 
  you need to be more nuanced to appreciate racism, 
  yeah man it was a response to somebody else who mentioned them . 
  i do n't think these incidents are correlated to nationalism , is my point . 
  i could be right or wrong but if you think this detracts from the discussion just downvote and move on , do n't fucking bust my balls with your fake outrage . 
  were n't you the person who said she wanted guns to defend herself from all the muslim rapists about to rape you ? 
  yes you were . 
  yet here you are , telling us how unbelievable her story is . 
  how the fuck did you manage to disagree with me and prove my point at the same time ? 
  the problem i see on this sub is people like you who immediately disregard accusations of racism . 
  as if you ca n't call someone out on his racism anymore . 
  our collectively knee jerk reaction to accusations of racism is ... political correctness has gone mad !, 
  even though these cases of `` crying wolf '' you mention do not exist .
