  but somehow i suspect you do n't feel the same way about churches because < insert excuse , 
  maybe they know better because its their country ? 
  i do n't know what makes you think that you have to save germans from this evil threat , but it is embarrassing man, 
  with people like him europe is divided and thus weaker . 
  the so-called `` patriotic europeans '' are absolutely dismissive and hateful of anyone who is not `` patriotic '' . 
  note the quotes , since i do n't think these people are patriots in the true sense of the word ; they are only anti-muslim . 
  that is what defines them . 
  anyway just go and tell them that you support the eu and progressivism and see what happens . 
   minoritys percent doesnt matter % 5 or % 20 who cares ? 
  so what is the number that matters ? 
  50 % plus one dude ? 
  judging by the last time the army took control , i 'd say they are way more unqualified to run things . 
  they fucked it up worse than pasok but you have a point . 
  of all the greek institutions , only the army seems to function . 
  kind of . 
  and i say this based on my time as a conscript, 
  i was n't talking about istanbul since that was never given nor attempted to be conquered by the greeks . 
  learn your history but izmir , it is debatable who was the majority , greeks or turks . 
  some sources say the former other say the latter . 
  lets say it was 50-50 . or even 60-40 in your favour , if you want . 
  you wo n't find anything close to that in dodecanese . 
  how many turks live in dodecanese ? 
  your own ministry estimates them to be 5 % of the population ( for kos and rhodos it is 6,000 turks living among 120,000 people ) so you see why your argument is crap, 
   greeks claimed izmir and istanbul as greek and attacked . 
  we can claim greek islands as turk too . 
  but first compare the number of greeks living in smyrna ( and for how many centuries they lives there ) with the number of turks living in greek islands and dont be a moron . 
  that shit happened a century ago , when great powers had the ability to redraw borders willy nilly . 
  you ca n't really do that today, 
  allright kurwa , i 'll bite  deport ones you have we are . 
  our government is accelerating the process . 
  they even changed the appeal process so that they could deport them faster . 
  this is interesting because our government is a very leftist one . 
  you should see the faces on some of my leftist friends when they found out . 
  now , i hope i do n't need to explain this but : in a democratic country ruled by laws , deporting people is non-trivial . 
  it is a big deal and you need to be sure about what you are doing . 
  so this will take a lot of time . 
   erect a wall on border with turkey you moron . 
  have you seen a map ? 
  i ca n't believe you wrote that . 
   stop picking new ones from sea you ca n't do that based on international maritime law . 
  even if that law magically disappears , you still have the people who just land . 
  in which case , see above . 
   turn their boats back . 
  we already do this , but they just try to cross again . 
  also , do n't forget that you ca n't force turkey to take them back if they do n't want to . 
   imprison ones that will come anyway and then deport them . 
  they wo n't go to jail or prison because that is not what jail or prison is made for . 
  they are held in camps and ca n't really travel anywhere anyway ... so it 's like a prison . 
  these camps are shitty and quite depressing to see . 
  so if you think that they are enjoying a greek vacation there you are sorely mistaken . 
   dont give them money for existing . 
  afaik we ai n't giving them money for existing . 
   one thing is certain though . 
  ee will not take part in taking refugees/migrants give it time . 
  there is still hope , you know small people 's memories are if isis keeps taking hits and we manage to have months/a year without terrorists attacks , people will be more willing, 
  what would you do ? 
  feel free to share your ideas . 
  i will translate them into greek and email them to the greek government, 
  i find it fascinating that despite what several germans have told you , you simply refuse to not only change your mind but even consider the possibility that you are wrong great teacher indeed , your pupils are so lucky, 
  i bet if i search gilf in your browser 's history i 'll get a lot of results, 
   looks more like employer - empoyee relationship right now rather than an union to be honest . 
  how can it be a union when you absolutely refuse to do anything to help ? 
  greece has ~ 500,000 refugees right now and you go on a hissy fit when asked to take in a mere 9,000 ? 
  thanks a lot for that , i hope my government does not forget that but anyway of course people should treat you like an employee if you do things like these . 
  i am sorry but its true . 
  if you want a real union , maybe you government should do a gesture of good will instead of blatanly lying about the refugees being infected with protozoa or whatever, 
   education and field trips do not go hand in hand . 
  yeah i do n't think you are a teacher, 
  not always , see germany , sweden etc but do you agree with [ our friend here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/59xzj2/rome_gives_visegrad_4_a_no_refugees_no_money/d9cmmdy/ ) who is against accepting 9,000 syrian refugees because ... the battle of vienna ? 
  please say yes, 
  interesting , didnt know any of that  or better yet , hear this quote yourself and shiver . 
  this man had very hitleresque feel to him : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwadib9es5w to be honest , that is kind of funny . 
  hearing him praise fascism with that accent sounds like a monty python sketch, 
  whatever you say man also i forgot to say that you should n't be racist against the adherents of the ancient hellenic religion . 
  there a couple of thousand of them in greece and they 'd love to use the parthenon as a temple but it is currently occupied by the christian orthodox state you should respect people 's native culture and religion, 
  i think most people are like `` i 'm not a christian , but ... '' which is like cultural christians , even if they do n't believe in the metaphysical stuff it 's like coke zero , all the flavor minus the ~ ~ calories ~ ~ responsibility so i imagine they would get very defensive if you blamed christianity for the refugees , because the deep wisdom of the internet has already decided that the refugee crisis is to be blamed on leftists ( and therefore merkel is one ), 
  you talk too much . 
  you claimed the school acted in an unconstitutional manner , i just hope you will continue talking if the court rules in the school 's favor, 
  allright i think i got my answer, 
  maybe ? 
  i mean , you have a point . 
  but try saying that the refugees where invited due to christianity and jesus and prepare for the downvotes, 
  because you do n't want to understand . 
  it was not a religious service . 
  visiting a temple is not practicing religion . 
  i mean i 've visited the parthenon and somehow i managed to not start worshiping athena . 
  but according to you the greek state was violating my `` negative freedom of religion '' and was trying to forcibly covert me to paganism anyway it is really not hard to understand so i imagine you just do n't care to do so you said what the school is doing is unconstitutional . 
  fine , we 'll see about that . 
  no sense in repeating ourselves, 
  right . 
  a million ukrainians are ok but 9,000 syrian ones would bankrupt your country and destroy your culture ? 
  you have to admit , it sounds quite strange to an outsider, 
  refugees are very well known in history , especially in european history, 
  i did not know negative freedom of religion was the same as freedom from religion , but i take your word for it . 
  so if this stuff is not made-up , i will await for your supreme court to rule in favor of these parents . 
  any day now . 
  it does n't make sense because the popular narrative paints merkel , and by extension the cdu , as some kind of progressive multicultural leftist . 
  this is n't true at all . 
  she , and her party , are part of a center-right party that has a conservative and christian heritage . 
  this should tell you anything you need to know .
