  the chance of dying from a terrorist attack is like having a meteor fall on your head . 
  no need to spread panic and terror by regarding every normal citizen as a potential terrorist due to his religion . 
  how does that help anything ? 
  they lead to something good but the problem is all the guilt afterwards, 
  well , it helped that you rephrased it . 
  you make decent points . 
  nobody has figured out the magical way to integrate foreigners 100 % successfully . 
  but one can argue the same about closing your borders . 
  people talking about how if we just stopped talking people in , all would be well . 
  you ca n't do that because of eu , because if international laws on refugees , because of historical reasons ( you invited the turks over to work ) . 
  but no , lets just stop taking people in . 
  how did n't someone think of that before ? 
  there is no way to take in only the `` good '' people . 
  you need to take the good along with the bad , as they say . 
  unless you are a wizard and can teleport the whole country of germany above the usa , across the ocean , removing it from the eu and all that . 
  damn i knew there were doing `` worse '' than the average population , but i did n't know it was that bad i guess i need to read more about it, 
   now a migrant in his 20s from a wartorn country with almost no education from a completely different culture is supposed to be ready for western society with a couple of language courses ? 
  just imagine how ready he/she would be * without * mandatory language courses . 
  if integration is to happen then this must happen too . 
  sounds to me like you do n't believe integration is possible , for these people , under any circumstances whatsoever . 
  i imagine many people share this belief , therefore they are against the law , therefore making the chances of integration even smaller , which will lead to more anger/segregation/agitation , which seems to be the end-game here . 
   like ? 
  have you heard of your own turkish minority ? 
   oh man this whole integration dialogue is utterly ridiculous so when germany tries to do something about integration its `` ridiculous '' ? 
  every other topic we hear how these poor muslims are not integrating . 
  now that germany tries to accelerate the process , its still bad ? 
  til germany ca n't win, 
   and the political left is against them learning the language . 
  i do n't think this is true , i could be mistaken but i have n't seen anyone ( left or right ) who would seriously argue this point  it makes more sense if you consider different opinions come from different groups . 
  of course , but the top ranking comments are how bad or misguided this law is so while different groups have different opinions , the opinion that always rises up to the top is an anti-migrant one , no matter if they learn the language or not , no matter if germany tries to integrate them or not, 
   migrants arriving in germany will be required to learn the language i do n't understand why people here are against this . 
  should n't migrants learn the language ? 
  is it bad thing now to be made to learn the language of your host country ? 
  its like you ca n't win with the migrants . 
  * they ca n't even speak the language !, 
  * germany forces them to learn the language . 
  * this will never work , germany is doomed !, 
  * please realize and accept that the borders can not be closed , nor can you machine-gun people at the border . 
  surely this law is a good thing ? 
   or the hundred thousands which came in 2014 ? 
  are people really dumb enough to believe it was merkel which caused the refugee crisis ? 
  they have someone to blame now do n't expect logic or common sense in politics . 
  there is an anti-immigrant agenda and people needs ways to push it, 
  obviously a retarded thing to say but that does n't really make you nazi though does it ? 
  obama was called a communist atheist marxist muslim etc but that does n't make all democrats ... that, 
  she could give birth to the new jesus and people in / r/europe would still not forgive her for inviting the refugees over, 
   but even they sometimes have a weird cultural/religious view on things that just do n't fit in here and are incompatible with western society . 
  i disagree . 
  maybe i am wrong , because i feel reddit is this isolated bubble where we tell ourselves what a progressive liberal secular tolerant europe is . 
  i do n't think that is the case . 
  there are crazy conservatives and crazy liberals all over the spectrum and they are entitled to their opinion . 
  unsurprisingly , everyone thinks his opinion is the proper western/european one . 
  but they get to have their opinion anyway . 
  except muslims , because they have the wrong religion i guess ? 
  though yeah i do hope i am wrong  but this problem can be fixed so easily no it ca n't man , i can accept literally anything you want , i can honestly accept that they are untermensch with the worst culture in the world and that does n't change a thing . 
  you ca n't shoot them at the borders . 
  the situation in syria will be shitty for years to come . 
  no solution . 
  just shittyness for everyone all around . 
  defamantion is just a lie that just get spread to `` too many '' people . 
  so you are ok with the government drawing that line . 
   and the state deciding what the offical form of `` truth '' is for all conversations is a scarily authoritarian position . 
  its not the state though . 
  its objective reality . 
  for example you are not a pedophile so it should be illegal for people * to ruin your life * by calling you one . 
  why ? 
  because what you are is an objective fact of reality no matter what any ideology or group of people claim . 
  that would be an interesting discussion and / u/brownwithpink already offered a reason . 
  i personally do n't know but i would talk about it . 
  i would defend you and everyone if he got called a `` nazi '' for no reason in that conversation , that 's all i can do . 
  but that does change the fact that it does not happen . 
  conversations are not ruined this way * particularly often * and everyone has his own narrative . 
  believe me that if you argue passionately about anything , people will talk shit to you . 
  i 've received absurd amount of hate just for being a progressive liberal . 
  its not just you being called a `` nazi '' by some leftist idiots . 
  its the nature of online discussions . 
  we do n't have to accept it but neither pretend its a conspiracy run by the pc brigade to destroy its enemies . 
  its people . 
  yeah as / u/bronwithpink said , blame the economy . 
  its not a new thing at all . 
  we 've known things work this way for a long long time . 
  but now we have this easy target , the refugees , so we can blame them for everything . 
  do n't get me wrong , its your right to want to kick them out and all that , if that 's how you feel then that 's how it is , but that does n't achieve anything . 
  the whole issue is ( literally ) a punching bag for frustrated young males . 
  it does n't do anything . 
  remember in 2007 where we have less immigrants and zero refugees ? 
  what did we do ? 
  collapse under our own weight in a spectacular fashion . 
  we just suck man . 
  if you go back enough , yes , the standard of living was higher . 
  but i do n't know if you 've heard the news about this [ 2007 financial crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_crisis_of_2007%e2%80%9308 ) , which was preceded by some smaller ones . 
  and in europe we still fell the effects of it to varying degrees . 
  its like going to the grapes of wrath lady and telling her , listen , your economy does not suck , people in europe a century ago had it worse . 
  yeah , i feel better now . 
  you are right about the poor countries maintaining/increasing population , of course , which is why i specifically wrote my third bullet point . 
  kids require way more resources today , to be shaped into educated , productive adults that can choose their job ( instead of , for example , working alongside their father in a mine ) and achieve happiness . 
  those values do n't matter to many countries around the globe . 
   as one final follow up , they are legally permitted to work , under european union agreements ? 
  yes , afaik pretty much everywhere in the eu, 
  other way around .
