  the goalpost gets moved every few years . 
  now its syrian/afghanis , in 5 years it will be someone else ( probably the greeks ? ), 
  but nationalists basically look for the weakest group in society to shit on , regardless of skin color or origin . 
  this is true but the military-industrial complex does not stop at exports . 
  it also deals in enlarging your own military . 
   so many eurostates spend so little on their military how dare we have a military according to our needs ? 
  you realize that russia does not stand a chance against the eurostates , right ? 
  just because your military-industrial complex is totally out of control does n't mean we have to follow suite, 
   we are you sure mate, 
  your opinion is becoming dangerously politically incorrect . 
  muslims are the enemies now ; being nuanced towards your enemy is the mark of a traitor . 
  a fifth columnist , if you will . 
  just try saying the same stuff about christians . 
  you will encounter some serious rage . 
  breivik said he was 100 % christian yet no christian had to apologize for him ( nor should they , of course ) . 
  but apparently muslim terrorists interpret their shit 100 % correctly . 
  every single time . 
  no `` misinterpretation '' or `` its just politics '' there . 
  its the same thing when nazi-saluting people do n't like being called nazis and just say `` nazi '', 
  curiosity . 
  this sub never ceases to amaze me, 
   i have completely other reasons . 
  what would those reason be , i wonder ?? 
  this is the best propaganda victory for the right-wing . 
  my hat is off to them . 
  brilliant . 
  nobody can come out and say `` but it was * only * 5 rapes , and it * only * involved fingers '' . 
  nobody can say that shit , because its disgusting . 
  even one rape is too much . 
  we all know this . 
  so this means the sky is the limit for the right wing . 
  they can claim anything they want , which they usually do i.e. 
  literally 1000s of rapists , attacking cologne with a premade strategic plan to rape as much as they can , all night long . 
  thousands of rapists . 
  no one can correct them ; no one can say `` it was only 5 '' because that `` only '' part sounds terrible . 
  so yeah thousands of rapists . 
  lets keep printing that , because why not ? 
  people that have n't even stepped foot on germany genuienly believe that cologne is unsafe because refugee muslim rapists are still roaming around , raping and pillaging . 
  yeah . 
  its like they have a license to print propaganda now . 
  no one can stop them . 
  so just lie as much as you want boys , after all , its all politics . 
  edit : clarity . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there has n't been an instance of 5 non-refugees , non-muslims raping someone ? 
  wtf, 
  did you even read the article before commenting ? 
  so far you are 0 out of 2 : no german minister said anything , no press tried to cover it up . 
  but then again , if you fling enough mud on the wall , some of it will stick right ? 
  just keep agitating . 
  give it a week before people start protesting against the commonwealth tyrants undermining your national autonomy, 
   a true capitalistic system would prevent that from happening in the first place allright but where does this expectation come from ? 
  why no gypsies in the chart ? 
  i 'd be curious to see what they think of them . 
   i was only comparing the isis ideology to nazi ideology i do n't think you were , you said :  sadly , this reminds me of wwii . 
  belgium , france and the netherlands stood no chance against the advancing nazi german forces but nazi forces did not advance via `` ideology '' , they used tanks and shit . 
  so please stop going off the rails . 
  what happened during ww2 to europe is infinitely worse than whatever shit the terrorists can do to us . 
   concerned citizens who said this was also ridiculed , shamed and silenced . 
  i am happy that this kind of paranoiac inflammatory posting is starting to go away , even if posts like yours pop up once in a while . 
  you keep playing the victim and eventually people will stop taking you seriously . 
  its political correctness gone mad . 
  you ca n't even do a proper nazi salute without being branded a nazi by the pc brigade . 
  greeks are seen less favorably than the germans ? 
  do we have to invade poland and kill 100s of thousands for them to like us more ? 
  it takes a lot of balls to crack down on religion . 
  and guess what , vast sections of your native conservative/religious population will not stand for it . 
  unfortunately . 
  i think its embarrassing to conflate immigrants to one of the world 's most dangerous war machines invading your country . 
  because many top comments are from people across the pond , telling us what europe is like . 
   turks are about as religious as richard dawkins though that 's not true . 
  they are religious allright . 
  but from what i understand they have a different culture , as you said , more nationalistic , which was also influenced by the secular kemal . 
  turks please correct me if i am wrong . 
  france , belgium , netherlands and uk has 90 % of students praising suicide bombers ? 
  i think you are just fearmongering . 
  surprise surprise , another person from overseas making unqualified remarks about germany . 
  its becoming a trend in this sub . 
   also , do n't forget that the imf admitted it fucked up the first 2 bailouts . 
  which is why it deserves more trust . 
  i 'll get downvoted for this but really when do you see entities such admit to fucking up ? 
  its very rare . 
  on the other hand the greek government and the greek people have not , will not , admit to making any mistakes whatsoever . 
  as a greek i wish this would happen . 
  our governments have proven to be incapable of managing our finances . 
  so we should either gtfo and truly try to figure it out on our own or let other people take over . 
  the current situation is a bastard situation between those two points : there is some vague level of control and some equally vague level of autonomy . 
  its hard to tell what is going on , who is calling the shots and when . 
  this vagueness serves only the politicians - when shit goes south they can always blame ze germans . 
  and if something improves ( albeit just a tiny bit ) they can congratulate themselves . 
  no you ca n't . 
  if you are dumb enough to accept dumb rules , the fault lies with you . 
  so blame yourself . 
  instead what we see happening is the ones who got fucked by those - admittedly dumb - rules blame * everyone * but themselves . 
   the guy isnt even in merkel 's party what does objective reality have to do with any of this ? 
  merkel is n't even close to being a progressive liberal , yet reading this sub one would swear that she is the biggest leftist feminist in the world ... because they are blamed for literally everything . 
  i would be interested to see how the discussions would play out if only those involved ( i.e. 
  germans or people who live in germany ) expressed their opinions so strongly . 
  you read here stuff like `` do n't go to cologne or you will be mass raped by 1000s of refugees '' and it turns out that those users have nothing to do with germany . 
  people talking how `` germans will become a minority '' when they do n't know the first thing about day to day life in germany .
