  its debatable how much you can force people . 
  i agree that you ca n't do it completely , but you can do it to some degree . 
  think of backwards cultures and how they treat women . 
  men are a group themselves and they view women as a different group , an untrustworthy , different group that should not meddle in the affairs of their group . 
  yet through education , culture and law , we in the west have overcome that boundary . 
  but indeed you ca n't push it too far . 
  you ca n't break down all the barriers . 
  so some of the `` discrimination '' the minorities face is natural . 
  its not the natives being racist per se . 
  even if its natural , its still discrimination . 
  so its a shitty situation and there is not much one can do about it . 
  the solution of the right wing is one of uniformity . 
  i think that is not feasible anymore , if it ever was . 
  i believe that we have to accept an degree of chaos if we want our societies to be open . 
  i 'd like to have a better solution but i honestly do n't think there is one . 
   to me it 's not enough to simply learn enough of the language to get by and refrain from violence . 
  there needs to be a genuine effort to fundamentally adopt all of what makes the west so great , which while the case for a majority , is not the case for too large of a percentage . 
  i disagree because the problem is that those western values are not really concrete . 
  there are very conservative people in the west , as well as very liberal , both are entitled to their opinions and an immigrant would n't know what is the proper western way to live , even if he or she wanted to adapt . 
  so the only concrete thing one has is the law . 
  if we truly agree on some values , they need to be coded into law . 
  for example france has banned the burqa which i think makes sense . 
  i am saying all this as an immigrant myself . 
  also , i apply this logic to my own native culture , we had a civil war in a time where there were almost no immigrants living in greece . 
  all were greeks yet the violence was staggering . 
  human beings are like that . 
  so i tend to be more sympathetic of these muslim minorities in europe because i know how difficult it is , even for me - i was lucky enough to belong to a `` good '' group . 
  i have it easy yet its still difficult . 
  if the situation in molenbeek is as bad as they say it is , these second-generation teens have no chance . 
  you might as well carpet bomb the whole district . 
  so that is my sad conclusion . 
  if isis is soundly defeated , that might improve things , since the disenfranchised teens wo n't have such a destructive banner to flock to . 
  they will just form a more typical underclass and the violence will be minimized . 
  but there will always be some violence . 
  its political correctness gone mad !, 
  even if nothing was buried . 
   how can people still defend this religion is beyond me . 
  i do n't know if you noticed , but the kind man who was murdered was also a muslim . 
  of course , what you say makes sense . 
  but the point is that being traumatized , or social stigma , is not a spiritual excuse . 
  its still a sin . 
  you realize this was the 1920s right ? 
  in the rest of europe many millions were massacred for `` god , king and country '' . 
  so expecting lenin to be some kind of peace-loving hippy is unrealistic . 
  of course this does n't excuse his crimes one tiny bit , but indeed it was a step forwards in women 's rights and education . 
   pregnancy is the effect of forbidden act ( such as rape ) , and the foetus/embryo has less than 12 weeks ; as an atheist , this condition baffles me . 
  does the `` unborn baby '' not have a soul if his father was a rapist ? 
  its not the fault of the `` baby '' that its mother got raped . 
  its still a sin to abort it , right ? 
  rhetorical questions ... the answer is political correctness . 
  if the church/conservatives were ideologically constitent , they would have to ban abortion even in cases of rape . 
  but that sounds nasty and they might lose support . 
  so they make an exception . 
  how convenient . 
  good thing they stopped taking refugees in . 
  we do n't want those filthy muslims bringing their 3rd world attitudes to civilized europe , do we ? 
  you have to understand , anything that does n't blame muslims is political correctness . 
  i bet if you have an article on climate change , people will scream `` political correctness gone mad '' if it does n't specifically mention the role of islam , because the quran does not explicitly tell muslims to lower their co2 emissions . 
  and i am sort of joking here but ( sadly ) not really . 
  it 's politically correct to refer to articles with their correct terminology now ? 
  [ obligatory stewart lee clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99s19hbs-6a ) . 
  sorry man just wanted to vent, 
   while i disagree with a lot of the anti-smoking legislation well , maybe if you had to take two showers every time you went out because even your underwear ( not to mention your hair , body etc ) reeked of smoke , you would change your mind . 
  btw i smoke , but i am happy i can go out in germany without constantly inhaling smoke pretty much everywhere . 
   bottom line : do n't waste your time on this . 
  the fact that its named ** nanny ** state index should have been a giveaway . 
  libertarians are not known to make sense . 
  yeah not totally accurate . 
  last year i was in greece and you can go out and smoke wherever you want . 
  bars , restaurants , you name it . 
  people are eating nearby and you can smoke no problem . 
  try the same shit in germany and see what happens . 
  just ... no . 
  but to be honest i would n't expect much sense from libertarians . 
  sorry but that 's how it is . 
  because they probably do n't have hundreds of such fighters . 
  if they really have 440 + people ready to explode , we 'd be seeing daily random acts of murderous violence all over europe . 
  this number probably refers to the network of people , logistics , sympathizers , a lot of people who want to * fight * for isis but not really * die * for isis . 
  suicidal murderers obviously exist , but they are not as many as we 'd expect , its a very limited resource so i imagine they are saving them for very valuable targets like airports etc. 
  those valuable targets are well guarded . 
  it seems that germans can not internet, 
  i do n't know how to answer that question . 
  well its kind of weird , but islam is n't the only case i have been visiting greek orthodox churches for years , did n't understand almost anything because its practiced in [ koine greek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koine_greek ) , and they really do n't wan na change it to modern greek, 
   in today 's world you ca n't even quote an old word from a classic in literature i know right ? 
  you ca n't even draw sanskrit good luck symbols without the pc brigade jumping down your throat edit : / s, 
   `` occidentiphobia '' is a term i 'd love to see kick off . 
  it probably wo n't because it does n't sound catchy and it looks weird . 
  * islamophobia * just rolls off the tongue better . 
  its like a double phobia . 
  anyway they need to hire an advertising agency to come up with better words because this one clearly sucks . 
  hollande is soliciting sympathy . 
  this is political grandstanding . 
  it 's a dumb idea and will set a bad precedence . 
  for the record i am left-leaning and i would not want anders breivik to have his nationality stripped either . 
   it does n't imply that at all . 
  i honestly have no idea how you a reading that out of it . 
   if there were two people , one of whom was murdered and the other robbed , it 's perfectly normal to say they are both victims without any sort of victimhood hierarchy like you want to establish . 
  would n't there be a victimhood `` hierarchy '' in that case ? 
  somehow i do n't like the term hierarchy here but lets roll with it . 
  murder is worse than robbery .
