  you wo n't ban muslims . 
  accept that reality and move on . 
  your foaming at the mouth behind your keyboard wo n't change anything also there is not going to be any war or revolution . 
  the ~ ~ angry right wingers ~ ~ concerned citizens seem to be only tough behind their keyboards , i mean half of them are american trumptards anyway the rest of them seem to be very tough when fireboming refugee shelters in the middle of the night , facing desperate women and children . 
  this is how tough they really are . 
  not to mention their anonymous supporters over the internet , the same people who have an emotional breakdown and descned into despair because somebody called them `` racist '' are trying to wage a crusade against political correctness from behind their keyboards hold your horses man . 
  this is n't the return of nationalism . 
  these are its dying throes . 
  we reached peaked refugees in oct 2015 i think and all you could do was write strongly worded posts `` why are you calling us racists !?!?? 
  we are not racists !! '', 
  scared angry middle class men , hardly a material for a revolution ... 
   strawman all you want you did n't understand you own post ? 
  you said  and hopefully they are changing , not sure though if you are not sure they are changing , why do you say that they do n't need reform ? 
   strawman all you want , doesnt change the reality of countries like iran , pakistan , saudi arabia . 
  islam will never change if you do n't recognize that in its current state it is wrong . 
  you guys spend a mind-boggling amount of time arguing this point , like literally pages after pages . 
  has anyone ever said that islam is somehow a good thing ? 
  i challenge you to through every thread the last year and find such posts the problem is not if islam is good or bad , but your `` solutions '' regarding it . 
  they are all immoral or criminal . 
  accept this : you will never ban islam . 
  you wo n't deport all muslims . 
  you wo n't destroy all mosques . 
  for practical reasons alone . 
  it is not going to happen . 
  we wo n't return to the golden age of christianity . 
  nope , nope , nope . 
  accept reality and move on and maybe you will come up with a reasonable solution instead of pretty much wasting every discussion here, 
   what does this mean and why does it matter ? 
  because they were waiting for an opportunity to come out of the closet , and the refugee crisis provided the perfect one  give me some examples of this happening . 
  and how does that compare with the worst excesses of islam that we see today in europe ? 
  top off my head : them trying to ban abortion to raped women in poland . 
  trying to control the reproductive system of women in general . 
  extremely immoral and damaging to humanity . 
  as for your second question , read my last post and see how i predicted that , and then feel sad for being so predictable  what traditions would they be and what ` right wingers ' are you talking about ? 
  you 're equating a political position with a religious one . 
  it was n't some mythical ` left ' that saved us from religion 's worst impulses . 
  it was modernity . 
  right , call them as you wish , it was basically everyone except the conservative/right wingers who forced them to abandon some of their ways . 
  modernity did not magically happen on its own . 
  it came out after the world saw what real nationalism is like after millions died in ww1 for `` god , king and country '' . 
  in the same post you managed to say `` not sure if they are changing '' and also say that islam is the only religion in need of reform . 
  all of this is just some conservo-christians attempt to rise up and force their madness down our throats . 
  of course we did n't all want catholocism to reform - they did n't , and they are over a billion people . 
  it is the progressives who always have to fight religions , not some populist right winger who is just as happy to enforce his own, 
  translation : its only islam that is bad, 
  came in this thread to find a shitload of whataboutism . 
  was not dissapointed . 
  i dont think we would be having this discussion if religion was just jainism [ jainism is such a small percetnage of the global religious population that it does n't even register ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2012/12/18/global-religious-landscape-exec/ ) , it 's like below 0.1 % so maybe you should look at the facts before writing smug comments , even though i admit the latter is more entertaining, 
  vast many on the right have . 
  no they have n't , they have simply gone underground  b. 
  what are the ` worst parts ' to you ? 
  treating people badly either because their religion says so , or because they do n't share their religion i know you will say `` but the muslims treat them worse '' which is actually true , i never argued the opposite despite the walls of text you guys like to write  perhaps you fail to understand how bad it once was and how bad it is not now . 
  i think i do , the thing is that it improved not due to these right wingers , but due to pretty much everyone else who had to force them to abandon some of their traditions and culture so when you say `` we '' are almost done i am sure you belong in that demographic, 
   imagine - centuries spent shedding the worst parts of christianity and just as we 're almost done we get islam . 
  this is strange because the people on the right have not exactly shed the worst parts of christianity nor where we even remotely close to `` done '', 
  because religion if people honestly believe that the creator of the universe is on their side , there is absolutely nothing they * ca n't * do , no matter how decrepit or irrational i mean you are right , it sounds weird that they would support something that massively reduces human wellbeing ( = the isis army ) but what does it matter ? 
  human wellbeing is a distant concern . 
  i mean sure , nonbelievers and muslims alike are suffering . 
  but [ allah will soon return ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ) and take us to heaven , and all this suffering wo n't have been in vain . 
  at least i think that is the general mindset . 
   fyi - i am not nationalistic . 
  i know my friend . 
  nobody is . 
  literally everyone here voted for remain , is an atheist , and also very liberal . 
  no , you are a very intelligent poster . 
  i am just telling you what individuality means . 
  the collectivist nature of nationalism stifles individuality . 
  this is generally known and is not particularly controversial ( unless you are a brit in / r/europe it seems ), 
  what you want is a series of homogenous blocks comprising the entirety of europe . 
  each block a nation . 
  this is the opposite of individuality , it is pretty much textbook authoritarianism, 
  so if there was no `` political correctness '' these cops would not have been hurt ? 
  you guys are trying too hard to push your agenda, 
  unless its within the borders , right ? 
  because then it becomes `` destruction of the social fabric '', 
  i dream of a day when a politician will come out and say this . 
   turks have been trying to fuck over greeks for 600 or so years did you go to a greek public school ? 
  that is a very one sided view of history, 
  yeah that shit only works if you are the usa, 
   also voice in decision making . 
  could you not vote or are you just angry that democracy does not always go your way ? 
  yes . 
  it 's way better to be on the payroll of soros , the rothchilds and the bilderberg group . 
  they pay way better than what broke greece can afford , if you know what i mean . 
  greece . 
  and do n't be mad , i just asked because you said `` before we surrender '' and was curious what the `` we '' is . 
   seriously what is wrong with you ? 
  i guess i disagree with you ? 
  that seems to be what is wrong here . 
   and greek trying to lecture another eu member ... greece is not north korea and i am not collectively responsible for this shit . 
  i mean , look at my post history . 
  i promise you wo n't find another greek user shitting so much on his country . 
  i used to have my own retirnue of butthurt greeks following me around and attacking me in most posts i made ... but i guess they got bored ? 
  anyway just do n't imply that i agree with any of that . 
  interesting . 
  do you think german people are unhappy or happy that germany unified ? 
  honest question . 
  because it is my limited understanding that they are happy with it , therefore the price was well worth it . 
   sorry , these wars were largely based on false information and led by war mongering neo-conservatives and international capitalists wishing to require resources at the expense of native peoples . 
  we have caused catastrophic chaos in the middle east and the refugee crisis will provide consequences centuries hence .
