  not because you do n't have a right to do so ( you totally do ) but because you are simply not qualified . 
  you are not european . 
  you are not fighting for the people of europe . 
  you are supporting a tiny minority , the nationalist ideologues . 
  they do not reflect nor represent the people . 
  and you decide to support this fringe minority to fight for without giving a fuck about anyone or anything else ( for example , the majority ) and it seems nothing anyone tells you can change your mind . 
  remember what you said , mind your business ? 
  well , do that . 
  but you wo n't . 
  you are locked into this nationalistic frenzy and you wo n't rest until all the governments are fiercely nationalistic , which is historically the worst and more authoritarian way to rule . 
  this is pretty ironic coming from someone who allegedly `` mistrusts governments '' , by supporting the most authoritative and divisive form of government known to europe . 
  you voted for a politician because of your emotions , as you admitted in your other post . 
  you are not an anarchist , dude . 
  you are the average voter . 
  when they scare you , you 'll go running back to your government , as you did now with trump . 
  in the end we all want a tough guy to protect us so lets at least be honest about it . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and assume that your understanding of ml comes from googling the communist manifesto once, 
   well great clickbait title then how about reading the damn article, 
   should never have been allowed to become too big to fail in the first place . 
  i think the level of interventionism required would not be tolerated by the population . 
  imagine if the government had a powerful agency that determined when a business is `` too big '' . 
  especially in america , people would have been immediately screaming communism . 
  it would never work . 
   the problem is globalisation and resulting power transfer from national governments to international corporations . 
  they have leverage over nations since they can operate everywhere . 
  that 's what we have to solve , not abandon capitalism . 
  i do n't want to line up in supermarkets for meat , thank you very much . 
  you know what they say about having cakes and eating them too . 
   edit : why the hell are people in ee and the balkans , especially men , so god damned scared of the rapey brown people ? 
  it is an upgrade . 
  it moves us up the ladder of nations , because with these refugees we are not at the bottom of the shit pile anymore . 
   the island nation passed the bill that will mean any medical professional found guilty of prescribing the so-called ` gay cure ' therapy could be jailed . 
  seems like you can `` gay therapize '' yourself all you want . 
  the problem is when doctors prescribe it, 
  really ? 
  just by not talking ? 
   discussion has been stifled due to wild accusations of racism or xenophobia , and the problem has been allowed to get worse because of inaction . 
  really ? 
  give us an alternative . 
  if nobody talked about racism or xenophobia , what would have happened ? 
   i simply worry about more power going to a higher goverment because i do not trust authority . 
  that is dishonest . 
  you seem to trust authority , as long as it is local . 
  like , it 's fine if your king resides in your town . 
  but if he is from a far-away town , you get mad . 
  so it is safe to say that you do n't mistrust authority . 
  in fact , you sound very authoritarian , telling us how you voted for someone because people disagreed with you - or because you thought they disagreed with you . 
  how dare they , right ? 
  it would n't be fair for anyone involved to push for globalism because someone will end up with their way of life being destroyed . 
  unless , you know , they want this globalism . 
  but what does that matter to you ? 
  you already decided that your ideology is more important than what people actually want . 
   they all have the right to live their way of life and right now globalism seeks to destroy this . 
  you are free to live your life any way you see fit . 
  there has never been a ban on someone 's culture or heritage . 
  you are free to do whatever you want . 
  the problem is , your ideology lost the battle of ideas . 
  being a nationalist is generally frowned upon . 
  you ca n't accept this . 
  therefore , your minority votes in strongmen like trump to force their views down everyone 's throat . 
  see how well that works out . 
  it feels good . 
  people need a scapegoat . 
  it is very hard for people to accept that their problems are caused by their own idiocy . 
  therefore , they find someone to blame . 
  it is weird , is n't it ? 
  growing up in greece , it seemed like antisemitism was normal . 
  the right hates them for religious and nationalistic reasons ; they were also influenced by their russian orthodox `` brothers '' who are also antisemetic . 
  the left hates them due to israel . 
   so what exactly do people have to lose by voting against the status quo ? 
  who is voting against capitalism ? 
  i think you are confusing some things . 
  i 'm guessing hillary supporters , since , you know , they actually outnumbers the trumpists . 
  i think the tipping point in this scale is alienation . 
  you go from a small society where everyone depends on one another to large cities where you live closer to x10 times as many people but do n't know any of them . 
  it is a huge change which kind of contradicts our evolutionary instincts , so i imagine some change in values take place . 
  i also think tribes where generally more inclusive . 
  you had to pull your own weight . 
  you could believe in crazy shit as long as you tend to your chicken or whatever . 
  but with nationalism , all that matters is if you accept the `` correct '' kind of ideology . 
  and yeah i 'm just speculating . 
  i am not really sure about any of this shit . 
  found the d&d nerd, 
  i think the difference is that tribalism does not extend much beyond your senses . 
  you know who your tribe members are and what they do , because you literally depend on them . 
  nationalism is very abstract or rather ideological , because nations consist of tens of hundreds of millions of people . 
  you do n't need them , nor do they need you . 
  more often than not , no fucks are given between you . 
  so with nationalism , the focus shifts from your fellow man to some kind of ideology . 
  yes . 
  silver bullets are a werewolf 's silver bullet, 
  are all your posts complaining about persecution ? 
  we are just joking here dude, 
  in theory , maybe . 
  i would be open to civic nationalism ( basically patriotism ) if the nationalists were not so virulently trying to live their 19th century fantasy . 
  but the point stands . 
  i do n't see any evidence for this . 
  theory , yes , evidence , no . 
  i see and it is indeed hard to be convinced , because this soft nationalism does not exist in greece . 
  it is all or nothing .
