  yeah we tried doing that , got accused of calling everyone a racist , being politically correct , the usual . 
  you ca n't please everyone , especially not the group of people that care only about a specific kind of intolerance ( muslim ) and ignore all the others . 
  btw i agree with you and think no intolerance should be tolerated , its not a `` paradox '' as people claim it is . 
  i am with you 100 % . 
  and i am merely pointing out that some people have a problem with muslims or islam itself ... liberals are just in the way . 
   i can explain no problem ... you obviously had a problem , since i need 2 days and a ton of questions to get an answer from you . 
  about the issue at hand , i think our confusion arises because you do n't understand what `` understand '' means . 
  i was not asking whether you respect or even like it . 
  let me try another question . 
  what do you think are the french reasons for ** not ** recording ethnic and religious information ? 
  why do you think they do n't keep this information ? 
  any further drama and , as you understand , i wo n't reply . 
   what problem are you pointing out ? 
  i think you know , but let me clearly state the problem : people complaining that they are being labeled `` racists '' by the politically correct progressives . 
  why is this a problem ? 
  * its not true . 
  * its meta , more like a personal thing , and destroys each and every conversation . 
  the first comment is usually `` oh the left is shutting us down by calling us racists !! 111 ! '', 
  which leads to a very irrelevant conversation stream . 
  * besides being meta , its also toxic . 
  it accuses and generalizes whole swathes of people . 
  the discussion immediately becomes more toxic , more aggressive . 
  i am now forced to declare that i did not call you a racist , even though i never even hinted at that . 
  * it hides the actual racists . 
  even when someone is arguing to deport 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants from mena minorities , we ca n't call it racist because omg omg the pc brigade . 
  yes , racism is very rare , yes the vast majority of right wingers are not racist ( for example 100 % of the ones i personally know are not racist ) , yet occasionally one retard pops in and we should be allowed to call a spade a spade regardless of his political views . 
  * it creates a victim mentality with fear and paranoia . 
  no , nobody is out to get you . 
  express yourself freely . 
  do n't encourage others to freak out and self-victimize . 
  * do i need to go on ? 
   maybe you should open a meta thread to vent your personal problems with this sub or just report people who yell profanities like ` racist ' . 
  because honestly , it looks a bit obsessed , especially if you post about the same message 3 times in the same thread . 
  i thought my sarcasm was obvious ... 
  i am not obsessed with being called a racist , i am not called a racist ( check my post history if you do n't believe me ) but i am being sarcastic at people who claim they do . 
  its a meta problem indeed , and i do n't get how it was allowed to balloon to such ridiculous proportions . 
  every topic is spammed by people complaining they are been called `` racist '' , when literally nobody calls them that . 
  and obviously their personal problems do n't bother you ( maybe you agree with them ? ), 
  its just me being sarcastic of their personal problems that bothers you . 
  funny that you take offence at someone pointing out the problem , rather than the problem itself lem me guess , the pc brigade is jumping down your throat ? 
  are they calling you a `` racist '' too ? 
  do n't call them `` extreme '' right , you might trigger a lot of people `` concerned citizens '' is the preferred nomenclature, 
  * stop calling me racist !, 
  * ( how about now ? ), 
  well , it would help if you were n't so evasive and passive aggressive . 
  but i understand that i might have offended you by asking , which was n't my intention . 
  anyway its ok . 
  if you want , you can share what exactly did you find so hard to understand about ( for example ) france 's choice ? 
  do you find their reasons so nebulous and complicated ? 
  if you tell us what exactly you do n't understand , we might be able to help you . 
  but if you merely want to complain about me , please have at it , i promise i 'll let you have the last word if it means that much to you . 
  give it some time . 
  soon you will have people complaining the left is calling them `` racists '' in no time . 
  its just the easiest way to get karma here . 
  just make a `` sarcastic '' comment against the refugees . 
  like * lol i 'm sure there are no terrorists among those refugees !, 
  surely the liberal leftist pc progressive multiculturalist media would never lie about that !, 
  wink wink * please give karma now . 
  in this topic we will undoubtedly encounter sarcasm of the kind * sweden is racist !, 
  lol sweden is so racist !!, 
  * barring that ( or in addition to that ) there will be many people complaining that they are been called `` racists '' and `` nazis '' , that the liberal pc brigade is shutting down all discussions by calling everyone a `` racist '' , as usual . 
  when asked for evidence , the response will be more anger and more accusations . 
  this is what happens every time sweden is mentioned in / r/europe . 
  my question was extremely simple and could be answered with a yes/no yet you wrote multiple comments that had nothing to do with it . 
  so yeah either your language skills are poor , in which case i apologize and lets just forget it , or you are deliberately trolling , in which case enjoy your stay in / r/europe , you will find many people like you . 
  yes or no ? 
  traditionally speaking ? 
  men are said to cooperate while women are viewed as individualist , shallow or even treacherous beings draped in materialism . 
  also , to mention heroism is pretty retarded no matter where one is from . 
  i mean heroism , seriously ? 
  i can speak for my city ( thessaloniki ) where there is a low-level rivalry with athens , mostly fueled by football . 
  i do n't think athens is bad as a city . 
  its probably great if you grew up there or if you lived there long enough to know your way around . 
  there are a lot of things going on . 
  despite all that , its an impressively ugly place on the outside . 
  you think ukip are reasonable moderates ; i 'd say your judgement is `` comprised '' too , but i think you meant compromised, 
  ironically , anyone believing that `` cultural marxism '' exists is part of the problem . 
   you 're just that . . a symptom of the problem . 
  is this the kind of high civilization we should expect from the zombie-language-preservers ? 
  did you nazi the / s ? 
  dude i did n't ask about the meaning of life . 
  it was a simple question . 
  have you researched why france does not collect such information ? 
  they are very arbitrary . 
  i do n't know where one gets the idea that these are `` traditional '' ones . 
   honestly i don \u00b4 t understand why some counries try to hide facts about immigration/origin and only allows us to see statistics based on country of birth . 
  it makes no sense to me . 
  honestly honestly ? 
  have you searched ? 
  have you attempted to understand ? 
  dude this is / r/europe . 
  get out of here with your political correctness just because they tried to exterminate a whole race , does not mean it was genocide . 
  it was concerned citizens who tried to defend their proud country from multiculturalism / s, 
  i know , it was just an observation its like turkey is greece 's greece, 
   edit : fuck taxi drivers !!!, 
  i dont even know how many times we paid double-triple tariff  anyway , it was not sooooo dirty but the thought `` someone must clean a bit '' would cross your mind . 
  this is how foreigners feel when they visit athens, 
  europe will pay the bill , which is why obama is happy . 
  and trust me the greeks will keep complaining no matter fucking what . 
   bulgaria - yogurt - this is the most popular brand name of yogurts in japan \u660e\u6cbb\u30d6\u30eb\u30ac\u30ea\u30a2\u30e8\u30fc\u30b0\u30eb\u30c8 and i do not think that anybody connects it with the country .
