  good thing the proud patriotic brits voted for brexit . 
  kick these muslims back to where they came from . 
  then surely you must like it ? 
  here is what you said  i welcome rusia propaganda ; at least it is not a 24 hours a day bashing of white europeans like the western media do all day . 
  another `` white '' victim , being genocided by soros and his crew of liberal elites, 
  i 've been hearing that it 's `` quickly changing '' as long as i can remember . 
  yet these kinds of conservative views are making a comeback try to consider that maybe this is confirmation bias on your part . 
  at least for greece , the scenario that was described is very typical behavior . 
  not uncommon at all . 
   it 's as if the media are trying to say that the citizens themselves would n't vote for right-wing parties in france or germany if it were n't for russians and it 's not because the citizens are fed up with the situation regarding the migrant crisis . 
  germany has a right wing party in charge . 
  i do n't think most people think it through to such an extent . 
  i mean let 's be real , we are all overanalyzing such things here in / r/europe . 
  i imagine most people simply do n't care and go with their gut feeling . 
  it is not that they are authoritarians who hate the rule of law , not at all , it 's just that there are more important things to consider like football . 
   i doubt that change was ever this fast , in terms of technology , economics and most importantly connectivity . 
  its true that our changes are n't something entirely new but for the first time we are all so connected . 
  connectivity allows for communication and from there consolidation of desire into action to slow down the change and to go back . 
  plus there is also the demographic factor . 
  never have the old been such a large portion of population . 
  i sort of agree . 
  i mean , the rate of change seems to be faster than what it was . 
  but it 's all relative . 
  when people were drinking water out of their fucking hands and suddenly somebody invented a cup , i imagine they freaked out just as much . 
  * what is happening to our traditions ? 
  will we forget how to use our hands ? 
  are we turning into a bunch of pussies with all these tools ? 
  * etc. 
  we live too little and are too emotional to properly assess changes . 
  it 's probably an evolutionary thing , this resistance to change . 
  but , unfortunately , improving our material conditions and thus our well-being entails a lot of change . 
   plus there is also the demographic factor . 
  never have the old been such a large portion of population . 
  true but there were way more wars and diseases that affected demographics in more visible ways . 
  having a lot of old people is not something you easily notice , especially if you do n't have a good frame of reference ( and who does ? ) . 
  if there is something unique about this era ( if i can call it that ) it is how good we have it . 
   its true that these new politicians are anti-establishment but what is establishment today . 
  free trade , democracy , minority rights , outsourcing , change and unpredictability . 
  what do you think is the instability in today 's world ? 
  like what kind of instability are these people responding to ? 
  well this is n't the / r/unitedkingdom . 
  go back home , we 've had enough of your kind illegally coming over here . 
   i simply do not understand how people are so afraid of refugees to the point of believing their own culture and identity to die out . 
  do they have so little faith in their cultural heritage that they believe refugees could destroy this heritage ? 
  insecure people . 
  they do n't really care nor particularly identify with their culture . 
  if they did , they would understand that refugees can not destroy what thousands of years ( and two world wars ) did not dent . 
  nationalism is , essentially , a victim culture . 
  this is weird . 
  i imagined that if you ask any conservative guy , he will have the same expectations : the woman should be at home raising the kids etc , while the man is with other men having man time and doing man things i did n't know this was an exclusively muslim thing . 
  i thought this was the case in pretty much everywhere on the planet . 
  it seems i have been lied to, 
   this is definitly happening , go to berlin-moabit and look at how men are behaving there . 
  lol women have been harassed since forever , if they but dare to expose some skin it 's funny how the only way to be taken seriously as a woman is to be harassed by a fucking muslim . 
  if someone else does it , you are a hysterical feminist slut who ca n't take a compliment damn , now that i think about it , it really sucks being a woman, 
  wow your account made it past its first day ? 
  congratulations man, 
   a lot of people do n't know their place in the world that emerged in the last 20 years . 
  for them things are changing too fast . 
  i do n't know how true this is as an explanation , but as a fact it has been going on since the dawn of time . 
  i would be surprised if there was a generation where things * did n't * change too fast . 
   more than anything people want stability . 
  the appeal of the nazis , of fascists was n't in killing the jews or fighting the bolsheviks but in bringing stability . 
  people want stability and they are willing to give a lot of leeway to the person who gives them the feeling of stability . 
  this does n't seem to be true , because as far as i can tell , none of them want stability . 
  their main points are shaking things up '' and `` challenging the establishment '' . 
  they want as much instability as possible , because it directly feeds into their scaremongering rhetoric . 
  dude the defense `` i just lured them in '' does n't work , you should know that . 
  i am not saying they are guilty , just that if someone wanted to defend their actions that would be the worst way to go about it . 
  it is not that simple . 
  you have to wear a uniform to identify yourself as a combatant before engaging in military action . 
  so they were probably breaching some law or something . 
  i dunno , maybe they were dressed like prostitutes so that counts as a uniform ? 
  i wish , but sadly we are too soft . 
  ( only half / s ), 
  ussr ! = warsaw pact i understand why you think the eu is the lovechild of nato and nafta , even though i disagree ( because i think the eu is novel and very unique to european politics ) but the ussr has nothing to do with anything . 
   but jews in europe were much better behaved than muslims . 
  in hindsight , maybe . 
  at the time , people believed in the `` protocols of the elders of zion '' , which basically accuses jews of crimes far worse than what the muslim terrorists have done in our time . 
  edit : i should say that people still believe in the validity of the protocols , so it 's not like that shit is over . 
   `` christian , national europeans of our kind have not been dealt the cards '' victim mentality at its finest . 
  the soviet union ? 
  that was dumb of me, 
   or if sturgeon makes a stupid power play that leaves everyone far worse off than they otherwise would be . 
  sounds familiar , just like brexit . 
   that 's kind of how democracy works mate . 
  but , strangely enough , this does n't apply to the eu . 
  edit : removed mean-spirited comments, 
  well if you * feel * confident that 's great , because that 's all that matters my friend, 
  good explanation , thanks . 
  i disagree with only one thing , that they are not stupid . 
  they actually are stupid . 
  politics is not entertainment like football . 
  everyone should take a few hours ( that 's how long it takes ) to learn the basics of what is going on . 
  just an internet connection and a few hours out of their shitty lives , nothing more . 
  i know this sounds bad but since political correctness is dead , i feel i am entitled to express myself this way . 
  yeah ok . sanders did not face the ruthlessness of the republicans head on , just like clinton . 
  we do n't know what they would have done to him . 
  who knows what shit they would have found ? 
  how would he have handled it ?
