  what are you talking about ? 
  france is bombing isis and was closing mosques left and right before this what do you want hollande to do about it exactly ? 
  this guy was a lone wolf who drove a truck . 
  do you want to ban trucks ? 
  i do n't know if you read the news but france is bombing isis , in fact they have been for some time now you generally come off as a closed-minded individual who never informs him or herself of current world happenings except when it is to scream * omg muslims are raping everyone again *, 
  not really , isis wants europe divided and at odds with their own muslim population `` hate memorials '' do n't concern anyone really, 
   but do n't for a moment pretend that we 'd have a bunch of helix shaped unsellable bananas if it were n't for the eu . 
  regulations already existed . 
  the eu standarized them ie improved them the whole thing is just another ridiculous braindead brexit propaganda piece, 
  its not just `` views '' as you dishonestly put it , like its a disagerement in some abstract viewpoint . 
  its an actual political choice that affects your life and your future, 
   when you are smart enought to manage anything implying politicians are smart enough to manage anyhing what happened ? 
  did n't you complain about the useless politicians ruining europe ? 
  are they now suddenly smart ? 
   this is n't a small number of years , it 's the last 25 % + of my life !, 
  its the last quarter of your life that is disproportionately less meaningful . 
  hang around with older people ( like i did with my grandparents ) and you will see that . 
  just compare the first quarter to the last quarter of peoples ' lives . 
  i mean , if you are retired , you will still have your healthcare and pension even if the uk remains in the eu . 
  it wo n't make that much of a difference to you . 
  but for young people , brexit is a fundamental change in how their lives are about to play out . 
   should the people who have less experience suddenly get a stronger vote ? 
  just to clarify , no . 
  i never said they should n't vote or should vote `` less '' . 
  i am saying that its an inherently immoral thing to do . 
  but of course they are still * legally * entitled to do it , as they should be, 
  but everybody thinks he knows better , just like you do the thing is , why are they so entitled ? 
  if you are an 80 year old you kind of need the 19 year old to support you , either directly on indirectly ( once he or she gets a job/finishes college and pays taxes ) its this level of entitlement that amazes me . 
  you are almost dead . 
  do you really want your grankids to hate you ? 
  i guess so ? 
  funny thing is that you do if you ever saw what these `` unregulated '' fruit look like , i guarantee you would never buy them . 
  you would throw them away because you 'd think they have gone bad or are just sick hence , business would suffer, 
  sadly not , its the most common thing i read on the internet i started noticing it some years back when [ golden dawn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party \\ ) ) rose to prominence . 
  people were saying * i 'm not a racist i am absolutely not a racist but i am unfortunately forced to support a neo-nazi racialist political party with dictatorial aspirations * turns out , people are cowardly shits who do n't want to take responsibility for their choices . 
  who would have thought ? 
   i 'm 21 and i 'm lucky enough to have a decent paying it job username checks out, 
   perhaps next time they should n't hold referendums on things the masses know nothing about . 
  according to brexiters , you are now literally hitler * tips peaked cap *, 
   a pathetic and bigoted viewpoint . 
  it 's called reality . 
  i do n't know what kind of rose-tinted bubble you live in , but people generally like fucking over others . 
  it 's what we do as a species . 
  and these old people in the uk are in a unique position to do so ; they have all this power , this opportunity , this very rare moment of being able to stick it to someone . 
  of course they will do it . 
  it 's the same in my country where old people saddled the new generations with a ridiculous amount of debt and unemployment . 
  people have absolutely no problem fucking over their own species , their own kind , their own kids and grandkids . 
  i bet many of them enjoy it too . 
  which is an inherently immoral thing to do . 
  you are old . 
  you are out of the job market . 
  you are relying on these `` ignorant '' young people for your survival . 
  you are on your way out . 
  so even if they envision a different uk than the one you do , let them fucking have it . 
  i ca n't grasp how entitled one must be , to think that his or her opinion matters so much . 
  if i was a 60-year old close to retirement , and my kids and grandkids have a fundamentally different vision for our country ... 
  i 'd let them have it . 
  how can you not ? 
   the problem is that people are stupid and not interested in the greater picture . 
  pretty much . 
  we can argue politics all day , but it does n't matter . 
  we are not made for these social constructs , these groupings of millions and millions of people under one roof . 
  it is too abstract for us to handle . 
  so people just simplify it to a ridiculous and counter-productive degree : our leader is good , everybody else is bad . 
  this applies to all politics , left , right , up and down whatever . 
  nope . 
  i do n't think so . 
  people like pretending to be victims . 
   another case of political correctness gone too far another one to add to the exactly 0 cases so far ? 
  it 's very common on / r/europe . 
  people complain they are being called `` racists '' or `` islamophobes '' , but if you read the discussion , you will find no such accusations . 
  ever . 
  the discussion is civil . 
  i think its a combination of victim/persecution complex and karma whoring . 
  i think its hundreds of millions of refugees , not just `` millions '' edit : sorry made a mistake . 
  according to latest estimates , its billions of muslims flooding europe . 
  each month . 
   i never thought i 'd say this if i had a penny every time i heard such `` confessions '' i 'd be richer than trump now * i 'm not a racist nor a sexist but we absolutely need an insane totalitarian to take control , i mean do n't want it either but sadly we are forced to make this hard choice of letting a crazy conservative madman dictate our lives *, 
  did you not notice 8 years of them trying to get rid of their democratically elected president ? 
  ** allegedly ** , he is not american , he is not a citizen , he is an african musilm communist atheist immigrant , out of whom the globalist nwo made a `` president-elect '' . 
  there are no democratic heritages anywhere . 
  nobody respects his political opponents nor accepts defeat . 
  it 's just that in the west people ca n't do anything about it because the government upholds law and order , as much as it can at least . 
  but trump may actually enable his voters to actually do something about these traitorous leftist globalist scum . 
  they will have the backing of the governmental and state apparatus . 
  this is a terrible scenario and will lead to absolutely nothing good . 
  edit : clarification, 
  except it was n't . 
  it 's just capitalism . 
  the same system the conservative right wing supported during the cold war . 
  now , they are complaining . 
  well tough shit , you should have thought of that earlier ? 
  well initially they adapted to warfare , but as the centuries passed they ended up in showmanship or as luxury items . 
  because the machines took over their jobs . 
  a parallel to humans perhaps ? 
  wage stagnation happened decades ago . 
  it is not a new phenomenon caused by hordes of immigrants . 
   the same thing will happen with automation as always ; people move on to jobs that previously were not economically sensible . 
  just like horses , that found so many uses after the industrial revolution . 
  oh wait they did n't , 99 % of them became obsolete and have disappeared .
