  man you need to keep your story straight . 
  somehow i do n't think you complain about that when the other kind of censorship ( pro-nationalist ) is happening, 
   greek is not really broke , we are fooled ( also : greek is the best country ) tell your google its wrong , greece is actually broke ( also : the other part is debatable ), 
  * albania : it was a paradise * the polish have a weird definition of paradise, 
  i see , and even if i did n't , i ca n't argue with emotions . 
  if you feel that way the it is what it is . 
  nice reply . 
  i guess what i am asking is , why would you respect religious beliefs if you are not religious ? 
  what 's the value ? 
  note that i 'm not talking about the people themselves . 
  people deserve respect , even the ones we disagree with . 
  that goes without saying . 
  but their their beliefs are fair game . 
  finland is part of the eu but i admit this is the first time i 've heard someone argue the eu has nothing to do with taking in refugees . 
  pretty much all threads here , everyday , have this as their central argument . 
  so any comparison to japan is wrong , because it is not bordering with turkey . 
  because turkey alone is sheltering close to 4 times the entirety of the burmese refugee population , and has been doing so for years . 
  your argument does not make sense . 
  what the eu is facing is orders of magnitude worse than whatever japan may come close to facing one day . 
   then you seem to argue that numbers do n't matter , because some people would still complain if there were fewer immigrants . 
  i find that a rather poor argument . 
  i mean people would still complain . 
  white people would still be displaced . 
  hence , its unavoidable . 
  it 's pretty simple really . 
  and what i meant about the weather was a hint that the whole syrian refugee crisis is primarily caused by climate change . 
  you ca n't vote angry politicians to ban climate change , unfortunately . 
   i 'm not religious , but i do n't really see a problem with it . 
  how is this possible ? 
  are you perhaps spiritual or some kind of theist ? 
  yes we have many bigger issues than public finances . 
  oh wait we do n't . 
  been there twice . 
  the place if beautiful . 
  monks are super weird though . 
  not in a bad way , its just that they look exactly as you 'd expect [ men living in male monasteries for a prolonged period of time ] ( https://athosweblog.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/7b08ee8913.jpg ) to look . 
  i remember one monk in particular was ranting against the freemasons and their evil plans to destroy the orthodox light of greece . 
  another monk took us to some cliff dwellings ( caves ) where the older monks would retire for extreme isolation and praying . 
  they younger monks would visit every few days and leave food for them , or just pick up the dead bodies if they had died . 
  the whole place was eerie yet beautiful . 
  of course the fact that they do n't allow women is a disgrace and should end . 
  it 's also quite funny , considering that in every other thread we read how muslims sexist are with their primitive attitudes towards women ; yet greek people proudly flaunt a tradition that bans women to ensure male celibacy . 
  i found [ this one ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-germany-multiculturalism-failures ) and from what i can tell the transaction is accurate . 
  but maybe it has missing parts . 
  so if you have a better one that illustrates your point , please share it . 
  i am willing to change my mind if you have the facts . 
  no [ she did n't ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-german-multiculturalism-failed ) . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  she was very clear that multiculturalism does not work and that foreigners need to integrate better . 
   merkel said too little had been required of immigrants in the past and repeated her argument that they should learn german in order to cope in school and take advantage of opportunities in the labour market . 
  but this ruins your `` merkel is a progressive liberal '' agenda so you pretend she said the opposite of what she did . 
  she even [ said it again ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/angela-merkel-german-chancellor-says-multiculturalism-is-a-sham-a6773111.html ) last year . 
  it 's very clear where she stands . 
  she is against multiculturalism . 
  yeah they were like 87 % white in 2011 i think ? 
  but that depends on who you count as white and also its probably a little lower now point is , it was wrong , even 80 % is not a minority man, 
  i was n't arguing that asylum seekers made germany what it is . 
  i mean seriously now . 
  as i said to someone else , can you imagine if these european countries suddenly turned to north korea ? 
  like , nobody else comes in , we build actual walls around us and have the army gun down anyone attempting to climb them , we disband the eu , we deport the muslims ( even our citizens ) to the african countries of their parents ' origin where they came from , we enforce a monoculture , all that . 
  do you think germany would still be prosperous ? 
  if yes , then i guess we just have to agree to disagree . 
  and i did n't try to misinterpret your position , all the things i listed have been proposed one way or the other , so please correct me if i got it wrong . 
  i ca n't see the future . 
  neither can you . 
  you keep saying the same thing over and over again and [ your predictions are off by several decades ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) so you might want to reconsider your capability to see the future . 
  they also do n't have a refugee crisis at their doorstep . 
  nor are their in the eu . 
  so please consider their circumstances before you adopt them as a role model . 
  also yeah you can control immigration kind of ; however people would still me a minority in some areas . 
  we 'd still have the same documentary . 
  there would always be people who would feel `` out of place '' , so we would be having the same discussion even with 1/10th of the immigrants . 
  as we did - back when it was the poles . 
  or the bulgarians . 
  or the romanians . 
  now all these people are labeled `` proud patriotic europeans '' . 
  funny how times change ... 
  the mass migration ? 
  you mean the refugees ? 
  if you think it can be stopped by being angry and voting for politicians to ban islam then you have another thing coming . 
  the crisis was caused by global warming and then the southern eu countries being unable to close their borders because its water . 
  you ca n't build a wall in water . 
  people will come through . 
  especially through poor , mismanaged countries like greece . 
  so you need to deal with this issue and not pretend it 's going to disappear if you just angrily stamp out political correctness . 
  if you are the richest part in the planet , refugees are literally unavoidable . 
  well , let me be real : the shittier countries are closed . 
  either their borders , or usually their culture and attitude . 
  like for example you wo n't find much multikulti attitudes in pakistan . 
  ok the other guy mentioned tibet and now you tell me about the apache . 
  do you not see my damn flair . 
  i occasionally hate greece for many things but the native americans is not one of them i promise you, 
   every single person who values democracy should be wanting out of this monstrosity . 
  keep cranking up the fear , panic and paranoia . 
  you forgot to refer to the eu as `` third reich '' and to juncker as `` hitler '' , something that you guys seem to love doing . 
  so do n't forget that next time . 
   we 've seen ethnic britons become a minority in their capital in the space of 50-60 years . 
  there are dozens of cities across europe that are about to face the same . 
  how many times in europe 's history has such dramatic change occurred so incredibly fast , outside of conquest ? 
  so its the speed that bothers you ?
