  the whole relocation scheme fell under the umbrella term of showing `` solidarity '' to the border states . 
  in other words , forced solidarity . 
  you talked a lot about redefining language , so i was surprised to see that it was your quote . 
  as you said , `` in other words '' . 
   the real problem is that the eu has too little and too much power at the same time . 
  it has too little power to implement/force solutions , but it has taken away too much power from nations so that the nations ' hands are tied . 
  dude when you are caught saying something illogical , it 's better not to double down on it . 
   i 'm not likening the eu itself to the ussr , i 'm just pointing out the stupidity of `` forced solidarity '' . 
  the eu does that sort of things all the time , redefining language in a way i 'd only expect from 1984 or ussr . 
  who used that language ? 
  it is pretty funny calling it `` forced '' and talking about the ussr when the eu is unable to force anything . 
  but i already pointed this out and you seem to find schr\u00f6dinger 's union a perfectly valid concept . 
  the eu is simultaneously a tyrant who pushes nations around ** and ** a useless bureaucratic organization who ca n't do shit . 
  half a million of them are stuck in greece . 
  you do n't like it when the eu tries to redistribute refugees , but you also do n't like it when they leave them in greece . 
  you complain about the dublin regulation yet complain when greece is exempted from it ( in 2011 the echr ruled that refugees could not be transferred back to greece because of the bad conditions there ) and now you complain when they want to resume transfers . 
  you bemoan the large numbers of refugees yet when you read  commission officials said brussels will also unveil plans on thursday to help greece to `` de-densify '' the islands , including a request for other eu countries to accelerate the relocation procedure and take at least 2,000 migrants from greece by the end of december . 
  that would be double the number of relocations in november , according to commission data . 
  you liken the eu to the ussr . 
  i really do n't know what the eu did to you but i hope one day you will get over it . 
  well it depends on the belief i think . 
  some deserve respect , some do n't . 
  as i said , we left off where i asked you something . 
  you can either resume by responding or continue to complain about this great victimization you are undergoing . 
  how would you know this ? 
  good thing you are not responding with ad hominems . 
  you can continue where we left off . 
  that user still has that right . 
  everyone can rebuke his arguments . 
  i did not deprive him or anyone else of that right . 
  it is embarrassing to suggest that i did . 
  and look , a user 's comment history is not private information . 
  if a person believes that `` whites are the enemy of the left '' and decided to publicly state this , then he will be judged on it . 
  i have been judged by my post history too . 
  i 've had all kinds of shit thrown at me because of things i have publicly said . 
  interestingly enough , you did not defend me . 
  only when an altzi who says `` woman invite other cultures because they are not loyal to the herd '' and `` they ( women ) are to blame . 
  sweden would n't be in this position if it were n't for woman making political decisions . '', 
  do you appear . 
  you are welcome . 
  and it 's good that these `` racists '' have you to defend them , right ? 
  i do n't think it is retarded since it clearly works . 
  if these people just stick together and watch `` arabic tv etc '' you would n't really know about them . 
  it 's not like you went to their living rooms and conducted studies on what they watch . 
  so imagine if you are a dutch muslim who * does n't * hate the netherlands and suddenly read posts like these . 
  they have become increasingly common the last year . 
  suddenly you have tensions where there were n't any . 
  welcome . 
  it just takes 2 seconds . 
  you can go [ here ] ( https://redditcommentsearch.com/ ) and search through a user 's comments . 
  that is their goal . 
  nothing will destroy le pen 's support as well as integrated muslims . 
  every muslim that lives a peaceful life reduces her votes . 
  it is in her best interest to escalate tensions . 
  it kind of is wrong . 
  beliefs do n't automatically command respect . 
  i ca n't just decide to believe in the spaghetti monster and then demand everyone respect that belief . 
  they have received a ton of [ death threats ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/06/pizzagate-businesses-washington-threats ) :  `` sometimes they would call 10-15 times an hour saying : ` we are going to kill you ! ''' said bradley graham , the co-owner of politics and prose , a popular bookstore near comet ping pong , the restaurant at the center of the fake news stories that alleged a child sex ring involving the hillary clinton campaign . 
  `` they were disgusting , grotesque and violent death threats , '' added his co-owner , lissa muscatine , who also received personal threats on her twitter account . 
  this comes from the `` concerned citizens '' who were criticizing the left of labeling people as `` racists '' . 
  you are not allowed to call someone a racist , but you are totally allowed to literally invade a business :  then on sunday afternoon , police say 28-year-old edgar welch of durham , north carolina , showed up in comet wielding an assault rifle , shooting it three times . 
  any crackdown on these phenomena will be countered with aggressive whining and bitching about `` muh freedom '' or rather `` muh freedom of speech '' . 
  welcome to the post-factual world . 
   europeans are so kind , as an american i do envy your innocence in this regard . 
  well , thank you for coming to this subreddit to lecture us on our innocence . 
  i see you are another recent alt-right account whose posting activity consists of gems like this :  most white males are forced into subversion and groveling . 
  this is n't appealing , so white woman stray from the herd . 
  instead of blaming other races , simply man up . 
  the woman will come . 
  and  we do n't want to get rid of minorities , we just know a white ethnostate is the only way to maintain the usa as we know it . 
  the constitution and bill of rights were not designed around black/hispanic/asian tradition and behavior . 
  so , i see you can talk the talk , but you realize your country has the strongest military in the world and is effectively the only superpower ? 
  europe is not a country . 
  greece is small and poor and completely vulnerable to what erdogan wants to do . 
  you never had this experience . 
  there is n't a bigger and stronger country across your border . 
  good luck with the rest of your posts , until you get banned again . 
  there are so many new alt-right or the_donald account like yours that keep popping up , shitpost against the eu , and then promptly disappear into the ether . 
  maybe get a job or a hobby or something ? 
  what is wrong with americans ? 
  why would people do this shit, 
   yeah , i never said that . 
  yeah you know exactly what i meant . 
  you said this :  leads them to believe that everyone who opposes it must be racist , there can be no other explanation . 
  so , who believed that `` everyone who opposes it '' must be a racist ? 
  who accused these people ( if not you ) of racism ? 
   and you are calling me a troll , insisting that i 'm the one who should be banned ? 
  great job `` exposing '' me . 
  you can get mad , or you can address the issues . 
  your economic `` theory '' is flawed and has little to do with reality . 
  but please , use this opportunity to cop out of the discussion , i promise i wo n't hold it against you . 
  there are enough candidates . 
  it 's not like greece is building super high tech stuff which only a handful of people can work on there are a lot of educated people . 
  and with this staggering unemployment rate , it is perfectly easy to find replacements, 
   it is happening everywhere , just to different extents and some are less likely to complain than others . 
  germany and others are free to be pro-eu as much as they like , i do n't see why the brits have to agree with them . 
  it is not . 
  look at the map . 
  you have to account for this for your theory to make sense . 
   unsurprisingly people stop supporting capitalism once they no longer have enough money to eat .
