  what you will find out is that politicians actually criticized the police and the media . 
  even the police criticized themselves . 
  this is pretty much the exact opposite than what you claim . 
  your favorite politician , frau merkel , included . 
  i 'll let you google it though , maybe use google translate as well . 
  also , because i suspect you 'll move the goalpost once more to some vague anti-refugee or anti-muslim narrative , let me stop you right here . 
  what is going on is that you have n't read the german press and thus have no actual idea how and when the covered it - much like the breitbart alt-right propagandists ( sorry but my link got removed , just google it ) who did not even wait for the semen to dry before launching an all out ideological assault against ... feminism . 
  women get raped and what is the agenda ? 
  blame feminists . 
  because no brexiter spoke against it ? 
  strange because when farage [ thought his side would lose and asked for a second referendum ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/nigel-farage-eu-referendum_uk_576e6585e4b08d2c56393f12 ) , no one questioned him . 
  people supported him because * the proud nationalist voice should never be silenced even if they lost by a small margin of 3 % . 
  they still represented half the people and they should continue being proudly defiant of the eu * and all that shit . 
  now that they won , all that shit got thrown out the window . 
  i mean once the `` correct '' side won , the idea of a second referendum is discarded . 
  how transparent . 
  dude no shit . 
  i am sure everyone is less insane than people who support isis . 
  and while it 's true that they have integrated better , it is kind of dishonest to put it like that and them not qualify that statement . 
  they have integrated better because their particular brand of batshit crazy is accepted in the usa . 
  it is not accepted in sweden though . 
  hence this disconnect . 
   well , a lot of people in the west believe in patriarchy , `` white people are inherently evil '' or that a green frog cartoon is an incarnation of devil ... a lot ? 
  like 100 bloggers ? 
  please do n't conflate the troll-wars you guys participate in as a accurate representation of reality, 
   religious extremism is a form of `` rebellion '' and a `` counter culture '' : back in the day , the ussr took the place of isis . 
  disenfranchised youths displayed a romantically misguided support for them , despite their questionable track record , to put it mildly . 
  we even had our own terrorists , actually many parts of europe had far-left terrorists . 
  now , big parts of the underclass are comprised of immigrants ( or rather , their children ) which allowed the natives to `` upgrade '' themselves to middle class . 
  but the disenfranchisement is still there , because there will always exist an underclass . 
  when isis is soundly defeated , these people will have some serious soul searching to do . 
  i wonder what new ideal they will cling to ? 
  hopefully none at all . 
  i am not greece , i 'm just a guy . 
  but if i was greece i would just fucking sell the peloponnese to the germans and repay our debts and be done with this shit . 
  no , i believe you man . 
  it must be the news i 'm reading . 
  i mean , according to the media , the demographics of sweden should be 99,9 % fanatical muslim terrorists by now . 
  maybe 0,1 % would be christians who ca n't leave their house due to political correctness ? 
  something like that . 
  what is a thread about muslims without the right-wingers whining about censorship ? 
  despite freely discussing the issue 24/7 ? 
  it is like an oxymoron . 
  pretty sure we will have people screaming omg do n't call me racist despite nobody calling anyone that . 
  just wait a couple of minutes for the victim brigade to appear . 
  you took a wrong turn , the_donald is that way -- , 
   you 'd find that they 're overwhelmingly less conservative/religious and better integrated than their parents . 
  assuming this is true , it is not weird . 
  there are a lot of fundamentalist conservative christians in the usa , i mean trump has a real shot at being the president , that should tell you all you need to know . 
  i am pretty sure that if you shipped these catholics to sweden , a country where they would be forced to accept tolerance/women 's right/abortion/gays these catholics would lose their shit as well . 
  obviously they would n't support isis but still they 'd be frustrated and disenfranchised because of all that `` degenerate '' atheist stuff going on around them . 
   ** in the survey , it is clear that religion has a distinct mark on many of the young people ** - half of them replied that they are `` very religious '' . 
  of the 1200 young people who answered the majority identify themselves as muslims , ** 40 percent as christians ** and two percent as nonbelievers . 
  the overwhelming majority have parents who were born abroad . 
  first of all , 40 % are christians ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  where are they getting these christians from ?!, 
  eastern or southern europe perhaps ? 
  secondly , religion has a mark on many young people ? 
  this is pathetic . 
  religion is cancer . 
   `` we need more bureaucrats deciding what the results are '' `` we need more unelected big business people deciding what the results are '' it is sad that you prefer the latter just because they are catering to your anti-refugee bias, 
  it is a good thing that a politician is raising awareness about this thing . 
  many people form opinions based on information . 
  where does that information come from ? 
  a lot of it comes from search engines . 
  the algorithms that determine that information are secret and very few people understand how they work , let alone have access to them . 
  none of them is elected by , or accountable to , the public . 
  so , essentially , corporations control the flow of information in ways we are not allowed to even review . 
  i 'd bet not even engineers at google could give me a good answer on how their algorithms work . 
  these are systems that have evolved over a decade by an army of extremely smart and talented people . 
  the complexity is ridiculous . 
  yet this black box co-determines the perception of our political reality . 
  food for thought . 
  i find it hillarious that you are being downvoted for saying that you are free to discuss whatever you want . 
  i mean , do n't they see the irony in this ? 
  * - we ca n't discuss immigration !, 
  * * - yes we can , i am discussing it daily . 
  * * - really ? 
  well we 'll downvote you so that you ca n't discuss it . 
  you would have to be lying through your teeth if you claim germany ( or the eu , for that matter ) has not discussed immigration . 
  it is one of the hottest topics . 
  what happened was , they did not reach the conclusions that you would have liked . 
  so you start crying victim . 
  we 've seen your tactic since the start of the refugee crisis and i dare say it is losing steam . 
  it is not as effective as it was one year ago . 
  you can cry wolf only so many times before people become numb . 
   but i am glad people are being skeptical of merkel . 
  always be skeptical of merkel . 
  and dont question me about this !, 
  you should be skeptical of all politicians . 
  or , well , everyone involved in politics including advisors , ngos , so-called `` grassroots '' movements and so on . 
   really ? 
  well , always learning i guess . 
  fyi : the vast majority of normal people will judge someone who wants bad things to happen for the sake of their own personal pleasure as bad , or at least mentally disturbed . 
  that 's great but saying `` most people would agree with me '' is n't really an argument . 
   there is no thoughtcrime in your case . 
  nobody is a. 
  does n't mean people wo n't critically evaluate you and form their own opinion of you . 
  and if you go around saying `` i want bad things to happen because if good things happen i 'd have to revise my political views '' , of course people will judge you .
