  here is some advice : try not to oversimplify the wants and wishes of millions of europeans ( way more than your nationalists ) and the eu we created , and maybe people wo n't do it to you . 
  you have comically reduced the needs of a whole continent to `` hurr durr filthy brussel elites they hate our sovereignty and want to rape us with their refugees '' and now get mad when others do it to you . 
  how does the saying go ? 
  if you are living in a glass house ... do n't do stupid shit ? 
  or something like that ? 
  yes , because the majority ( even a 59 % ) is what has to be catered to in all accounts right ? 
  the authoritarianism brexiters exhibit is quite funny , considering that when * they * were the minority ( the whole nationalist cesspool ) they demanded be taken seriously and not marginalized by society as `` racists '' . 
  now that you are the majority , your tune has changed . 
  just for the record i totally disagree with leaving this thread . 
  it should have been nuked . 
  the poster is a ukip/farage supporter and as such has made his views about europe very clear . 
  now he makes a sobfest of a thread complaining that you were mean to him . 
  maybe he should n't have supported the most virulently anti-eu politicians before complaining ? 
  and now we are have a group therapy session on top of it . 
  and i would say you need to switch back to your main reddit account, 
  this should be higher . 
  there is a reason we do n't allow meta in this sub and this is exactly why : too much dishonesty and bullshit , that clutters and detracts from the real discussion . 
  bad call , mods . 
  just remove this whinefest please . 
   since europe obviously couldnt give less fuck for a decade they faced refugee problems . 
  i agree . 
  even now we are stuck with half a million of refugees but the richer countries ( like the uk ) absolutely refuse to give a fuck . 
  they are completely opposed to helping , even shooting down a rational system of quotas per country , so any country can take in what it can handle without upsetting its society or economy . 
  but as you know , all these angry `` concerned citizens '' wo n't hear that . 
  they will have nothing to do with it . 
  see ? 
  i told you this was all trolling for you , 
  they are not . 
  not the ones on top , at least . 
  they love national jingoism and demand more of it . 
  in fact , it seems like they ca n't get enough of it . 
  well you claimed that `` i defend terrorists to the end '' so if you actually believe that , like if you really believe that deep down , the only reasonable course of action is to have me arrested and/or prevent me from physically defending terrorists in any way possible seriously why have n't you notified the authorities already ? 
  i 'll tell you why , because you do n't actually believe any of the nonsense you write , but are just trolling . 
  people are getting on to you , too . 
  your ridiculous histrionics are not as effective as they once were . 
   you defend islam and terrorists to the end aha . 
  would you say i am a traitor ? 
  a fifth columnist ? 
  a jihadist myself perhaps ? 
  i mean its always allegedly when a right-winger does it . 
  but when muslims are involved , you wo n't hear many `` allegedlies '' will you ? 
  you also rhetorically questioned : who am i to ask ? 
  that says more about you than you think . 
   there are certainly many people who were shafted by globalization or who even lost their job due to competition from ee and who thus had reasons to vote for brexit . 
  it ca n't be that many . 
  the data does not lie . 
  the uk 's unemployment is very low and their economy is ( was ? ), 
  doing good . 
  if there was a period of rapid decline of the british standard of living , i would understand . 
  they would be entitled to be upset . 
  but this was all about emotions and feels and of course vague ideologies , grand ideals and the usual politically-driven dogshit . 
   yeah , it 's where his shit argument came from . 
  i know , feelings are more important than what experts have to say  what is studying years of politics and economy worth compared to feelings of international pride , rule european union !, 
  a lot !, 
  data is more important than feelings . 
  ( un ) fortunately it is only one side that is pathologically obsessed with feelings of national pride and has ** explicitly ** rejected expert opinion on complicated matters - because feelings are more important, 
  i would tell you this : if you choose to identify with your country as a whole , you are also responsible for the `` bad '' things that it does . 
  you ca n't cherry pick . 
  before the refugee crisis people talked a lot of shit about greece and stereotyped greeks as lazy . 
  i did n't give a shit . 
  i do n't identify with the direction greece has taken these last years , nor do i care about our entitled , conservative and superstitious culture . 
  so it honestly does not affect me at all . 
  so anyway , yeah , you have the take the good in with the bad . 
  it is the price you pay for collectivism . 
  also ,  what happened to the spirit of europe ? 
  why are we letting lousy politicians and their political errors divide us , the peoples of europe ? 
  it 's not the politicians that divide us , it is the people who are fundamentally divided . 
  the politicians are just trying to catch up . 
   there are people studying years of politics and economy and people have had enough of these god damn experts what is studying years of politics and economy worth compared to feelings of * national pride , rule britannia !, 
  ah , the damage control crew is here, 
   it 's strange how many `` russian puppets '' there are in greece . 
  it is , is n't it ? 
  but it has been presented to the greek people as an political alternative , for decades if you are a right winger , you become a `` russian puppet '' for religious reasons . 
  conservative people are extremely religious and feel a spiritual kinship with the `` proud orthodox '' russian people . 
  i know it sounds crazy but this is how people think in greece , unfortunately if you are a leftist , russia is presented as an alternative to the so-called `` imperialist '' us or eu ( same thing for them , really ) . 
  greek leftists still live in the cold war , like they think there is a 2nd world and communist russia is somehow leading it , so they throw their lot with them, 
   syriza , the pro-russia party thanks for pointing this out i always said that the idiocy in greece cuts across party lines . 
  i do n't know why large segments of both the left and the right have a ridiculous hard-on for russia i mean i can imagine why ... but the reasons are just are stupid , so it is depressing really, 
  just because they are beating children who are refugees , does not mean they are racist . 
  political correctness is out of control . 
  you ca n't even threaten muslim invader kids with a knife , and then beat them afterwards , without the progressive sjws jumping down your throat . 
  where is this continent heading to ? 
  it is the end of western civilization . 
  donald trump please save us !, 
  no my friend , these are `` concerned citizens '' who are `` highly skeptical '' of immigration . 
  also , did you remember to downvote this topic ? 
  you need to keep this stuff hidden , otherwise people will be onto us . 
  the purpose of the church is not artistic . 
  also , who am i to say its a waste ? 
  well sorry for daring to express an opinion . 
  i hate to break this to you but value is n't all subjective . 
  not everything is relative . 
  if we get together and build a temple to the spaghetti monster , that is a waste regardless if it gives us the warm feelies inside . 
  there is literally the same amount of evidence for the spaghetti monster and yahweh ( tips fedora , yes ) . 
  that is a fact . 
  i can give you another example of another group of crazy people , the [ k foundation burning a million pounds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k_foundation_burn_a_million_quid ) . 
  a million pounds has a lot of value despite k 's artistic feelings about the whole thing . 
  that money could be used for real things like getting healthcare that might be lacking , the same with the money to build these offerings to yahweh . 
  what about all the leavers who took the bait and are defending your government 's ( alleged ) decision to ban foreigners from advising it ? 
  if you look at the comments section , they are defending it quite passionately like * of course the damn euros should not advise our government , their loyalty lies with brussels and not with our proud glorious nation !,
