   i am someone who voted remain and i was pretty angry about the result , but just stop please, 
  by dismissing and ignoring the will of 48 % of its population . 
  their dreams and future are on the stake here , part of their identity even . 
  i can only repeat what your great leader farage said , when he thought you would narrowly lose : ** `` in a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way '' ** . 
  [ he literally said that ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36306681 ) when calling for a second referendum in case you lost . 
  this is an advisory referendum and the 52 % does not gain unlimited power from it . 
  whatever course the uk takes , in relation to europe at least , it absolutely has to take the 48 % percent into account . 
  if you just ignore them to play out your nationalistic pipedreams , this will not end well for you . 
  you won so narrowly , the moment your economy takes a hit , the 48 % will grow above 50 % in no time . 
  again , this is exactly that the nationalists argued about . 
  farage was demanding a second referendum if his side lost :  but he added : `` if we were to lose narrowly , there 'd be a large section , particularly in the conservative party , who 'd feel the prime minister is not playing fair , that the remain side is using way more money than the leave side and there would be a resentment that would build up if that was to be the result . '', 
  whatever course the uk takes , whatever its european relationship will be , it absolutely has to take the 48 % into consideration . 
  not to mention scotland and ni . 
  but as i said and demonstrated , nationalists will not have that . 
  they think they won and they think they have total power because authoritarians think that democracy is a tool to put down whoever disagrees with you . 
  i just hope the brits realize this , that losing by ~ 2 % does not mean you ought to be silenced and irrelevant . 
  the nationalists did lose for many years/decades , yet they absolutely did not stop demanding , screaming , attacking and agitating until they had their way . 
  do n't give them an inch or they will take 10 miles . 
  except when the right-wingers lose . 
  them it is not democracy but an authoritarian tyranny who hates the proud natives etc. 
   claiming to be remainers for a flagrant and shameless play for credibility . 
  i am sorry that you are being downvoted but being honest can rustle a lot of jimmies . 
  it seems that i have never talked to anyone here who is pro-brexit * and * voted to leave . 
  literally everyone is saying `` i voted remain , but . . < insert dishonest support for leave  '' . 
  tyranny of the majority is only bad when the left does it . 
  if the right does it , it is `` democracy '' . 
  it is ironic that the united kingdom behaves the way the brexiters accuse the eu of behaving : arrogant , indifferent to the wishes of parts of its people , and very authoritarian . 
   ca n't really expect that representatives of 5 million people ` veto ' the future the majority of 65 million people have chosen to persue . 
  this is ironic , considering the biggest complaint of the nationalists was that they were being marginalized . 
  the `` progressives '' outnumbered you and pushed you to the sidelines , etc. 
  but now that ( you think you ) are the majority , it is ok to disregard the remaining 48 % right ? 
  allright this is tiresome  there are non-religious pro-lifers and yeah there are also priests who are literally atheists . 
  they are very rare , but they exist . 
  there is even [ a support network ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_clergy_project ) to help them . 
  but they are the exception , not the rule . 
  same goes for non-religious anti-abortionists , like i am sure they exist , but they do n't matter as a demographic . 
   ( an argument , i do n't support , but which is morally speaking just as valid as yours ) . 
  i am not a relativist . 
  are you ? 
  if so , there is no point in arguing morality at all . 
   all i 'm trying to say is there are legitimate reasons to oppose abortions and dismissing every pro-lifer as a religious nutjob is simply disrespectful to both them and the issue at hand . 
  yeah i got that , you were very clear in your first post . 
  what * i * am saying is that some issues are so damaging to human wellbeing that you absolutely have to draw a line in the sand . 
  i am not going to fucking seriously entertain the idea of forcing raped women to raise the children of their rapists . 
  anyone who does so , is extremely disrespectful to people who went through that and also the issue at hand, 
   there 's sharia enforced zones around several parts of europe , where the law of the nation is no longer followed . 
  nope . 
  this thing started from a retarded group in the uk who were arrested and given jail sentences . 
  fox news and various hysterical right wingers ran with that story , creating the myth that europe is dominated by sharia . 
  you are wrong and you have no evidence . 
  also , just so you know , we know who you are and what you are doing . 
  american trumptards like yourself , who have absolutely nothing to do with europe , are known to maliciously stalk social media and agitate/troll/spread propaganda to further their nationalistic agenda . 
  but , as i said , we know that you are [ organized ] ( https://www.nimbleamerica.com/ ) and [ funded ] ( http://nymag.com/selectall/2016/09/who-is-palmer-luckey-and-what-is-nimble-america.html ) to provide this specific kind of services , much like russia 's troll factories do . 
  and many times your agendas overlap . 
   history is of course on my side , as we can see the existing welfare nations of europe begin to crumble under the load of the non-working migrants wrong again . 
  not that it matters that you are wrong , i mean you probably already know that you are wrong yet continue with this trolling to just increase the agitation and ruin any civilized discussion . 
  germany not only collapsed but had [ a 12.1 billion surplus ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-budget-iduskcn0ur19q20160113 ) . 
  of course this hit the news but in / r/europe you guys successfully downvoted , attacked , trolled and harassed anyone who mentioned this because it did not suit your nationalistic agenda . 
  nothing is happening in europe to indicate that we are collapsing . 
  you are absolutely wrong in each and every on your predictions . 
  and i said , you already know this , since your aim is not to discuss and debate and learn about europe ( since you are an american and do n't really have any first hand experience unlike me who was born in one , and lived & worked in two more , european countries ) but you seek to destroy any civilized discussion by spreading hysteria and panic . 
  we know . 
  you went overboard with your trolling and it does n't work as well as it used to . 
  nationalism will be sent back to the garbage bin along with foreign trolls such as yourselves . 
   you assume none of the pro-lifers understand the complexity of this morally ambiguous question to begin with call me cynical but i do n't think there is anything complex going on here . 
  anti-abortionists want to enforce their conservative morality on everyone else . 
  it does n't really matter what their intentions or their delicate feelings are , all that matters is that it leads to raped women being forced to carry the children of their rapists . 
  this is n't a debate . 
  for it to be a debate , you need both sides to want to reach a consensus through logic and reason . 
  but one side thinks it has god on its side , therefore no conversation is possible . 
  you ca n't argue with someone who thinks he or she has the creator of the fucking universe on his or her side . 
  you ca n't debate with someone who has a preconceived ideology . 
  you can only talk with people who value rationality because debating is literally based on that . 
  tl/dr ; the matter is pretty straightforward , do n't give way to people who want to limit your freedom . 
  their `` justifications '' do n't matter anyway . 
   i think people can oppose the death of innocent children this is strange because according to religion , children are not innocent . 
  christianity says we were all at calvary . 
  therefore being unborn does not make you innocent . 
  my teacher at high school , during religious class , used to tell us that aborted `` children '' go to hell and suffer forever , because no unbaptized person can enter heaven . 
  now many priests or religious-minded people try to be politically correct and deny that . 
  they claim that we simply do n't know what happens to these souls . 
  this is of course wrong ; if you believe in the scripture then the scripture makes what happens very clear . 
  we are all inflicted by original sin , including the fetuses . 
  so i find it weird that conservatives talk about `` innocent '' babies since all their worldview seems to go against that . 
   there is a perfectly fail proof way to avoid it , it 's called abstinence . 
  abstinence does not work . 
  they tried this kind of type of `` education '' in the usa and the results are terrible . 
  teen pregnancies , stds , you name it not that the minds conservatives are swayed by logic and reason ( or observable facts , for that matter ) but still . 
   in the western world ? 
  no , not really . 
  til poland is not part of the western world nor catholicism has anything to do with western culture, 
  literally all femininsts i 've spoken to ( though they are very hard to find in greece ) are against conscription . 
  it is because they are usually progressive and liberal , therefore they are against such things . 
  and i hear guys complaining about this all the time in greece . 
  you realize that it was * men * who made up these rules , right ? 
  men decided that women were delicate flowers who should retire earlier and not serve their country . 
  now you 've changed your mind and decided that the system you created is unfair . 
  i get that , but blame it on us men instead of blaming the feminists ( as if they had a say in anything , really ) . 
   fabricated feminist issues til being raped and forced to raise the kid of your rapist is a `` fabricated feminist issue '', 
   why do people keep upvoting such a blatantly incorrect post ?
