  i got fucked due to the * democratic decisions * my people took . 
  you are about to experience how that feels like, 
  no i just do n't understand the reason for protesting . 
  why is it a terrible thing to have a `` no means no '' law . 
  its really simple , just dont fuck anyone if he or she says no ( and you are not roleplaying , as we already mentioned ) ? 
  its really easy man . 
  if you have any doubts about his or her consent , just go home and jerk off . 
  ummm . 
  thanks for sharing i guess ? 
   i do n't know about your relationships but in my relationships ** sexuality ** was almost exclusively figured out non-verbally sexuality :  human sexuality is the capacity of humans to have erotic experiences and responses does not make sense . 
  i understand this is not the first language for either of us , but using words in their correct sense is important . 
  besides that you just repeat the same thing . 
  your example is slightly retarded . 
  a couple that is so comfortable roleplaying this way will not be affected from this law . 
  this law is for some of the people in this thread , who meet someone , aggressively try to fuck him or her , and when they are told `` no '' they push on because `` body language '' . 
  this is what people are literally saying . 
  i can only be happy for such laws . 
  if they want to properly represent the greeks they should have andreas papandreou as the only choice, 
  actually , nationalism destroyed them . 
  this generally happens when nationalism increases , we see the breakup of countries and terrible wars : ww1 , ww2 are prime examples . 
  * something something racism something something xenophobia * dude , frantically trying to deny that you are something nobody accused you of , says more about you than the referendum first you say  so please do n't link brexit and foreigners and then  a lot of people have voted for or against it because of immigration , that is sure . 
  its pretty funny seeing you guys ca n't stop talking about your `` skepticism '' towards immigration while in the same sentence arguing how little immigration matters to you this is ridiculous . 
  nobody takes you seriously anymore , the brexiters have been very clear about what they want so you might as well drop the act now . 
   not to express unhappyness toward foreigners is there a reason you wish to pretend that brexit had nothing to do with immigration ? 
  while everyone knows it was one of the biggest motivators ( if not the biggest one ) ? 
  ah the red pill is here i see drawn to discussions about rape laws like flies to shit, 
  the only disgusting thing is implying that it is ok to continue after someone has said `` no '' because of body language your body can get [ physically aroused ] ( http://www.popsci.com/science/article/2013-05/science-arousal-during-rape ) even when you are getting raped , orgasms and being wet/getting boners is not uncommon sometimes i think that these laws are excessive but then i read some of your moronic comments and i am very happy for said laws, 
  sure , but he said `` change my opinion '' not `` expressing an opinion '', 
  bdsm is pretty explicit . 
  there is no ambiguity there, 
   what kind of boring sex life do you have ? 
  one that does n't involve potential rape ? 
  do n't worry , there is a good chance you will find all the `` exciting sex life '' you desire in prison, 
  no you ca n't , and i would recommend you remove that assumption from your brain before you rape somebody and go to jail for it, 
  true but then you have verbal consent because you have established this stuff beforehand . 
  you have established that `` no = yes '' in a very specific context / u/23powerz claimed that its nonverbal most of the time . 
  so most of the time , you just assume that your partner enjoys fake resistance and ignore his or her cries of `` no '' ? 
  this just proves the law is a good thing and 100 % necessary, 
  opinion does not change via body language maybe english is not your first language but this sentence does not make sense, 
  in neither of these cases does `` no mean yes '' `` no , do n't stop '' is a pretty explicit no , expressing clearly the desire to not stop but please keep arguing semantics to prove that rape is `` sometimes '' just a misunderstanding, 
  you can apply that to your girlfriend then ? 
  also go ahead and report her . 
   sometimes no can mean yes ?? 
  i ca n't imagine what kind of person would be caught up in a situation like this . 
  like is this a common problem for you ? 
  you are having sex with someone and he or she says `` no '' , and you think `` hmm but she is still a little wet/he a little hard , so i might as well go on fucking ? '', 
  who thinks like this ? 
  more importantly , is this really such a common dilemma for you that you absolutely have to protest this law ? 
  if it is , i think you have more serious problems my friend . 
  tl/dr ; do n't be a fucking rapey creeper, 
  yes, 
   the problem still remains that if people feel a job is taken almost exclusively by foreigners they will simply stop going for it . 
  it 's true for many industries in many countries . 
  whatever they feel , that is their problem . 
  getting angry at others because of your own feelings is powerfully retarded . 
  and , obviously , not an excuse . 
  people are responsible for their choices . 
   people who worked trades such as construction , plumbing , electrician who used to make a lucrative amount of money now find themselves earning less as they are undercut by foreigners as well . 
  evidence does not support this claim . 
  what is happening is people do not want immigrants , and come up with all kinds of rationalizations after they decided they do n't want immigrants . 
  it seems that the trending rationalization is `` they took our jerbs ! '', 
  which is ridiculous if you look at the numbers . 
  cue the people weeping and wailing because omg do n't call us racists . 
  nobody is calling anyone a racist . 
  people voted against immigration and ** we have been repeatedly fucking told that wanting to limit immigration is not racist ** . 
  so there you have it . 
  i did n't vote in any referendum . 
  but of course you would place the blame to anyone but yourself . 
  you did n't live in the uk for about 4 years but you still could vote . 
  enjoy , and do n't forget to blame the immigrants for driving down your wages . 
  i do n't understand why the fuck you are being so defensive i mean i did n't ask to anally probe you , i just asked for some clarification on this `` race '' shit who decided that levantine is `` european '' or not ? 
  at what % do you stop being european ? 
  jesus christ in this sub you ca n't talk without people freaking the fuck out omg i 'm not a racist . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  sorry for not being pleasant in a conversation where the livelihoods , futures and dreams of millions of people are casually shat upon  long may we suffer . 
  indeed . 
  especially if it benefits the eu . 
  you deserve nothing more, 
   is she learning german just for fun i ca n't believe you seriously asked that, 
   the narrow minded view of every single british person no , just the brexiters like the poster i replied to the ones that do n't want to work because * hurrr durrr too many immigrants speaking immigrantish around me * i assume they are a small % because your unemployment is very low , there ca n't be many lazy people and about greece , you should live in a country with such a wrecked economy where young people are essentially futureless . 
  maybe then you would learn to appreciate what you have . 
  if there is something wrong in the world that is hubris so i wish you and your country get to suffer for it, 
   they just are n't willing to work for a pittance or with large numbers of people who do n't speak their language there is a word for this in your language , and that is laziness . 
  i have literally done that , work with people who do n't speak my language , for small wages , and after many years i am better off for it . 
  entering the job market generally sucks no matter who you are ( unless you are rich or insanely talented , neither of which are leave voters ) . 
  it 's a shame because your parents were not lazy , they worked their ass off to give you opportunities in a country with a staggeringly low unemployment rate . 
  and what do you do ? 
  you do n't want to work because `` too many bulgarians '' . 
  embarrassing . 
  they ca n't drive down wages . 
  there have even been [ studies ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/287287/occ109.pdf ) about this . 
  with 5.4 % unemployment , its ridiculous to claim that wages are being driven down due to job competition . 
  if you want to see how that looks like , come to greece which has more than 5 times the uk 's unemployment rate ( and even up to 50 % youth unemployment ) . 
   shit , i 've been beaten up by a group of muslims and mugged twice over the past decade . 
  did they beat you with qurans ? 
  how would you know that they are muslims ? 
  please elaborate . 
  i am interested to see what story you will come up with . 
  i 'll give you bonus points for creativity too also , what an ignorant comment . 
  you actually claimed that a sizable minority contributed to this situation lol .
