  could he even take it ? 
  because trump can certainly dish it . 
  all this shit is just speculation by butthurt democrats . 
  how about you stop turning on one another and focus on your enemies ? 
  it 's not pointless . 
  i need my daily dose of smug liberalism , just like caffeine . 
  edit : yes , 
  sounds like you are absolutely furious , what happened, 
   that 's only true if you talking about popular vote discrepancies by sheer number of votes and only considering the times that the popular vote did not match the electoral vote . 
  fair enough but including the 1824 elections is misleading because they were not elections in the modern sense of the word . 
  at the time , americans were unsure if blacks are human beings , let alone eligible voters . 
  but indeed i missed the 1876 one . 
  that one seems to be the worst ( wikipedia , i 'm not really an expert in us history ) :  in 1876 , hayes was elected president in one of the most contentious elections in national history . 
  it also led to the [ compromise ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compromise_of_1877 ) , as you probably already know . 
  this is what you 've gotten yourselves into now , the worst shitshow since 1876 . 
   this is frankly the most ridiculous and immature way to look at the whole thing i 've seen yet . 
  you have not seen enough then , i am afraid . 
  but i appreciate the distinction regardless . 
   people get to choose who they support . 
  and they also get the consequences . 
  oops . 
   you want to talk about about morality ? 
  what is ethical about turning a blind cheek to anyone who is suffering , for any reason , let alone for taking part in out democratic system ? 
  while i usually enjoy discussing ethics , this shit is over my head . 
  i did n't even know that cheeks could see , let alone be blind . 
  you are reopening old wounds my friend, 
  your syntax almost gave me an aneurysm but you make a good point, 
  it is guaranteed . 
  but it also limited , in order to protect the common good . 
  i think it is quite lockean . 
  i bet there are brits who actually believe that , not even joking, 
  thanks for this post . 
  it always seemed crazy to me that people have no problem with their news being filtered by secret algorithms made by anonymous engineers , but are virulently opposed to their elected lawmakers having any measure of control . 
  edit : fixed, 
  ok but please tell me why should you be angry or hateful about 1453 ? 
   now what the eu wants to do is take the most restricted gun laws they could come up with that sounds very vague . 
  i think it would have been a bigger disaster if bernie were to run against trump . 
  clinton did not do that bad , considering the popular vote margin is the biggest in literally all us history . 
  also , anyone who supported bernie but did n't vote for clinton in the end deserves everything that happens to him or her and is morally * worse * than the trump supporters . 
  i am paid by soros . 
  he pays me 100 shekels for each upvote i get . 
  it is a confederation . 
  the eu is a unique attempt to create common values ( and thus obligations ) without violating sovereignty . 
  that is an extremely difficult thing to do and we should appreciate more what we have accomplished . 
  i think in many cases federalization would help e.g. 
  having a common army to secure our common borders and thus hopefully help deal with the refugee situation better . 
  but the proud patriotic citizens scream `` sovereignty '' every time these issues are brought up , yet they also complain when the problems persist . 
  sadly , a balance between these two extremes seems to be the only viable path to follow . 
   the hate of 1453 what claim do you have to that , lol how about the hate from the actual fall of constantinople in 1204 , the one that the empire never fully recovered from ? 
  you know the one perpetrated by our european white christian brothers ... but that does not fit the narrative does it ? 
  thanks . 
   can we just take a moment to reflect you are reflecting on it in literally every thread and every discussion . 
  a lot of the comments are people crying about being called `` racists '' like it is their biggest problem in life . 
  i am pretty sure you can make your own thread about any european issue that bothers you . 
  or , i can direct you to some subreddits with people that are concerned with discussing how everyone is unfairly labeling them a `` racist '' , how much they are discriminated against , how racist and unfair society is to white males , how they are the most victimized group by far and i believe some people are even talking about a `` white genocide '' or , you can comment on the topic at hand instead of trying to push your own agenda . 
  i know it will give you karma and gold , but still , facebook 's policies are a completely different topic no matter how you try to connect them . 
  as long as there exists a human race the * current * trend will go on as long as isis is presented as an option to disenfranchised youths and/or crazy ideologues . 
  it gives them a narrative , a worldview and a purpose . 
  so when isis goes away i.e. 
  is bombed to oblivion , i imagine these kind of terrorists attacks will stop . 
  for a while . 
  but soon people will find something else to murder other people over . 
   there used to be a time i felt shocked by terrorist attacks i 've seen people express these sentiments and they make me feel either cynical or unlucky . 
  when was this magical time when terrorist attacks were not happening ? 
  we had our own terrorist organizations , before that we had a dictatorship by our own people against our own people . 
  before that we had a civil war . 
  civil wars in ethnically homogenous countries are amazing . 
  if you wan na get shocked , you should hear what people do to their own kind , their own communities , or even their own families in some cases . 
  so if you had n't already lost your faith in humanity - you just were n't paying attention . 
  and social media now has forced people to pay attention . 
  the grisly details of each attack are delivered to us with our morning coffee , like i was able to watch people screaming and dying as they were run over in nice last july , right before i went to work . 
  people did not have this luxury before . 
  important disclaimer : no , this does not mean that recent attacks are `` ok '' or that we should n't be concerned . 
  we should be concerned regardless . 
   the problem started when certain people in the eu commission changed the proposal to ban legal semi automatic rifles , magazines and other stuff throughout the eu and schengen countries without regards for the gun cultures and gun laws of those countries . 
  you mean all semi automatic rifles ? 
  i read something about b7 firearms , whatever that is . 
   this is the main reason why the czech ministry of interior proposed this , in order to prevent those laws from being enforced in their country . 
  ok thanks i see what you mean now . 
  i still think there is no breach of sovereignty . 
  we ( european countries ) still control our gun laws , since entering the eu is a voluntary process and also a reversible one , as current events show . 
  so if the people of a country think that owning a b7 ( ? ), 
  firearm is more important than eu membership , they are free to gtfo . 
  but if they want to stay , they are free to try and democratically effect the decision-making process . 
  but in any case they should leave if they so adamantly oppose such directives . 
  i would actually support it , because brexit has changed my perspective . 
  but we indeed agree on this . 
  it sounds like a very dumb thing to push . 
  personally , i attribute it to the hysteria regarding terrorism . 
  if you are bombarded 24/7 by news that brown people are out to kill you , people get angry and demand their politicians take action . 
  this is a clumsy and retarded attempt to pacify people . 
  finally ... wo n't it fail if it is unconstitutional ? 
  i mean what happens if a country has to implement a directive that goes against its constitution ? 
  what are these * new * gun control laws ? 
  sorry but maybe i have something else in mind . 
  edit : i 'd rather ask than read because i wan na make sure we are talking about the same thing . 
  there is a lot of shit-flinging and misinformation around such wedge issues . 
  dude it 's not an accusation , it 's a fact . 
  you have -3 karma right now and have been posting since yesterday . 
  also i am pretty sure i can tell who you are by your uniquely ridiculous prose .
