  omg its like listening to the dumb leftists back in greece . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  go play the world 's smallest violin for saddam hussein 's overthrow . 
  what a great man he was , right ? 
  i see . 
  you know what ? 
  i really wish these people were * actually * skeptical of immigration , as they claim they are . 
  it would be nice to have that in our political discussion . 
  it would be nice to have people being critical . 
  as a cynical person , the more criticism the better i say . 
  however , just talk to them for 5 minutes and you quickly realize that they are bathist crazy . 
  i mean , believing that you are being `` replaced by muslim invaders '' and that the eu `` wants to destroy the concept of the family '' is not criticism . 
  tl/dr ; i am very sorry for what is happening to your party . 
  i think it is a shame . 
  where are you from ? 
  because its not a blessing , it is literally a crisis, 
  this . 
  federalism is truly a grassroots idea . 
  it is difficult for national politicians to promote this idea because it undermines their power and authority . 
  and the usually do n't want to even try . 
  we just re-destribute germany 's taxes , so yeah `` we '', 
  i am pretty sure you are taught about it, 
  fair points so if this crisis continues for 5 years unabated ( highly unlikely ) , you would have to take in 55,000 people . 
  let 's say that is the worst case scenario . 
  do n't you think its worth it , considering the benefits of being in the eu ? 
  i mean its 55,000 out of 10 million and you will get money for them anyway . 
  i am not downplaying your fears here but it seems the refugees are just a tool , like a political tool of convenience for orb\u00e1n 's crusade against progress and liberalism :  but orb\u00e1n 's vision goes far beyond simply repelling immigrants . 
  in a speech made last year , orb\u00e1n hailed what he saw as the demise of liberal europe . 
  `` we are experiencing now the end of an era : a conceptual-ideological era , '' orb\u00e1n told supporters last autumn . 
  `` putting pretension aside , we can simply call this the era of liberal babble . 
  this era is now at an end . '' i think if you guys were just afraid of the number increasing you could have just argued that . 
  instead of this attempt of identity politics on a european level . 
  it was a joke , take it easy, 
  there is this thing called a minimum wage, 
  true , but it still is a great opportunity that they would not have had otherwise . 
   in a few years it would have meant tens of thousands of people !, 
  source ? 
  not doubting you , just an honest question, 
  flair checks out / s being part of a union has , not only privileges , but also obligations . 
  while nobody can ( nor should ) actually force hungary to do anything , i think it is disgraceful that they do n't try to get along and help with this pretty serious situation we are in . 
  good for hungary . 
  they sure love the eu monies . 
  but [ when asked to take in a mere 1,294 refugees ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-15-5698_en.htm ) they start complaining and moaning . 
  and their refusal to take in refugees is , [ as they have said ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/13/expel-hungary-from-eu-for-hostility-to-refugees-says-luxembourg ) , a part of their war against liberalism . 
  and we still give them money ... why ? 
  it seems that for some people , especially the `` culture and tradition '' people , all they care about is cashing in . 
  that may be not be allowed if they face danger in their home country on the other hand , ~ ~ it is illegal to be a neonazi ~ ~ it is not actually illegal to be a neonazi edit : fucking corrected , allright i got it, 
  being a neonazi is not illegal in germany but certain rhetoric and symbols related to the third reich are illegal edit : corrected, 
   they are protecting their interests in an allied foreign state . 
  that is like blaming the us for stepping in if a nato member is attacked . 
  not exactly like that but i see your point  and if you allow the russians to do their job , syria will normalize . 
  the alternative is sectarianism + jihadism for the next 5 years at least while the us does their stupid oil pipeline . 
  considering their anti-eu agenda i do n't believe that . 
  they might as well prolong the conflict or just send more people over here in hopes to dismantle the eu via financing and supporting populist right wing groups and yes obviously this is a moot point because the eu doesnt even have an army , so we are just fucked regardless . 
  there is nothing we can do . 
  i just try not be naive about it, 
  they could have said no . 
  official or non-official reason , they are still trying to police parts of the world i do n't particularly care what that thug country does there , as long as we are not affected . 
  but we are , so i hope that the west intervenes more ( one can dream , right ? ), 
   the west should just stop playing world policeman . 
  but russia should , right ? 
  also , since we have to deal with the results of their retarded tribal/religious conflicts ( the whole refugee thing if you 've heard about it ) we can and should play world policeman . 
   why 'd it be bad to be proud of your roots because these morons are proud of something they are not part of . 
  they have no idea how greece is , how real greek people are nor did they have to go through the punishing ordeal of living in greece i mean i too can be `` proud of my roots '' if i receive a middle-class american salary and benefit from the high quality of life in astoria and just got to brag about my cool european ancestry and my ( allegedly ) awesome culture, 
  lol the right wingers and their predictable [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) imagine if people from the left or - even worse - muslims did this . 
  you would be screaming your head off to deport and/or jail them for life but now i guess its just a bunch of `` concerned citizens '' who are just `` highly skeptical of immigration '' right ? 
  this is even funnier, 
  it is my policy to not respond to drama queens who accuse me of calling them racist also i hope i am wrong and my post looks even dumber in a year from now . 
  but with people like you ( and the majority of brits supporting these ideas ) it does n't look so certain . 
  but lets just both hope i am wrong, 
   fantasist [ fan-tuh-sist , - zist ; fan-tey-zhist ]  a person who writes or composes fantasies or fantasias in music , poetry , or the like . 
  you got that right , we are definitely not all fantasists . 
  in fact i lived in greece for the first 25 years of my life and i never even met a single one, 
  it is not policy yet . 
  she threw a lot of ideas during a conference and wanted to see how much of that shit stuck due to the outrage , it did n't stick . 
  they are backtracking right now . 
  thankfully not everyone brit is like you two guys , so your country does have some hope left, 
  that is pretty funny coming from someone whose posting career is anti-eu drivel ( example ? 
  you claimed that the eu is bringing in refugees because they are conspiring for the `` islamization of europe '' and `` replacement of native europeans '' . 
  you are kind of a joke to be honest . ), 
  thanks anyway, 
   there 's no shaming either this is literally the point of all of this . 
  it is ( was ) an attempt to publicly shame and humiliate the business who lacked patriotism  there are n't any lists being proposed , just proportions of workforce being foreign bla bla bla bull . 
  they can do all that without going public  citation needed , because this is obvious bullshit . 
  right , i should have said : you * would * have all the infrastructure , if this proposal was actually accepted but thankfully not everyone is like you and many people stood up and your scummy politicians backtracked like the cowards they are . 
  rudd even tried to sell this as a `` discussion on immigration '' and demanded `` do n't call me racist ! '', 
  since when is publicly shaming people a `` discussion '' ? 
  like what is wrong with you brits ? 
  anyway i 'd recommend you have another drink and just not delve too much into this because it obviously flies over your head, 
  it is meta-sarcasm, 
  right . 
  maybe it was because you were bothering them with questions about the nazis , which is generally considered rude but try living and working here and you 'll see how much they do n't give a fuck , i mean guilt-wise . 
  as in most places , the people just want to get on with their lives and such abstract ideologies ( like owing shit to humanity lol ) do n't affect them if you are ` murican , i can imagine where that idea comes from ( the 70s and 80s saw a crazy amount of terrorism and [ the american army felt it ] ( http://www.stripes.com/news/baader-meinhof-gang-attacked-u-s-troops-bases-in-1970s-1980s-1.36617 ) ) but it 's generally the alt-right talking shit so do n't take the word of people who have n't actually lived there, 
  no , the 48 % of the electorate did not disappear . 
  they are still there and their wishes must be taken into consideration , in order to reach a solution by consensus the most fair and democratic solution would be a soft brexit of sorts . 
  if that is possible at all . 
  ignoring 48 % of your own people because they do n't share your ideology is wrong and pretty much the definition of authoritarianism, 
  you 've never read orwell have you ? 
  making the public humiliate and shame the `` enemies '' was a big thing . 
  in 1984 they had the [ two minutes hate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/two_minutes_hate ) practice , where people sat in a room and actively hated what the government told them to for 2 minutes each day now orwell based this on an actual practice that the chinese communist party had : the infamous [ struggle sessions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/struggle_session ) where , again , people were instructed to shame , humiliate and even kill the enemies of the proud nation of course nobody is going to be executed , but besides that , it is remarkebly similar :  struggle sessions were often held at the workplace of the accused so it seems you have all the infrastructure ready to implement this .
