  except when they agree with us . 
  then we can believe them 100 % . 
  i guess they knew about it the same way they knew sadam had wmd . 
  i know right ? 
  its pretty cool being able to bomb people and then have that moat protect you from most of the consequences . 
  that was a well-written post and i enjoyed it , so thanks . 
  its nice to have some discussion besides people freaking out that they are being labeled `` racists '' . 
  but i still disagree . 
   if you do not expect immigrants to survive on a certain amount of money , then you can not expect regular citizens of a voluntary union your own country is in ( who are therefore a concern to you much more than any immigrant could be ) to survive on that amount of money either . 
  yes , you can . 
  its not the eus direct obligation to make sure every pensioner has enough money . 
  this is the obligation of each individual government , to the extend that these governments promote a good social safety net . 
  for example , and i do n't know if you 've heard about this , but the greek economy sucks . 
  its not poland 's obligation to pay for my grandfather 's pension . 
  unless you are arguing for some kind of pan-eu guaranteed income ? 
  in which case i agree with you . 
  but please realize three things : * it 's not gon na happen any time soon . 
  * nobody joined the eu for that . 
  it would be an insanely complicated political decision . 
  * you can give 0 $ or 1000 $ per refugee and it would n't affect this decision . 
  * even if basic income was implemented , there would still be funds allocated for the refugees . 
  not much would change there . 
  not that the eu should n't care about each country 's economy , but you just expect them to hand out money directly at the moment . 
   you have not voluntarily entered an union with immigrants , you have entered an union with bulgaria . 
  entering the eu has obligations . 
  like paying money to a `` refugee fund '' , so to speak . 
  its more complicated than that but there is an [ eu budget ] ( http://europa.eu/pol/financ/index_en.htm ) which is democratically decided . 
  yeah i know its not a perfect democratic process , but its definitely better than , say , the democracy in poland right now . 
   if you claim otherwise , then you are admitting that the life of an immigrant is worth more to you than the life of a bulgarian pensioner . 
  there is money spent on unemployment , growth and business and money other things that aim to increase the quality of life of the eu citizens . 
  so nobody thinks their lives are worth less . 
  now for better or for worse , people have decided that a market economy is the way to handle this stuff . 
  is it the best way ? 
  i do n't know . 
  are you a communist perhaps ? 
  we can talk on different terms if so . 
  but personally i am not against basic income , i would welcome that idea so that every pensioner could get enough money , but ( see above ) its not happening any time soon even if we made all the refugees disappear today . 
   if the reletives , the government and the market economy are not able to guarantee the survival of the elderly bulgarians , do you expect them to die ? 
  can i consider the same to apply to immigrants ? 
  yes to both . 
  if a state truly collapses , first the immigrants will die ( either starvation , exile or they 'll just disappear ) , then everyone else will start dying . 
  i would expect something like this to happen , i guess ? 
  but maybe i did n't understand your question . 
  so do n't get me wrong . 
   the greek pensions should also be supported before the immigrants only if the eu changed fundamentally . 
  the whole bi thing again . 
  for what its worth , i am personally affected by this , we are doing what we can to help our grandparents , so i 'm not arguing from a privileged position . 
   you are weird person - you accused me about something imaginary in my head when i told you about hysteria in europe - which is true and you should know that - when i gave you example that i read many websites you said you don \u00b4 t care so what you want to hear really ? 
  nope , its not true , you said you visited some websites in which you read something that offended you , namely this alleged `` hysteria '' of people calling others names . 
  no man , the hysteria is in your head . 
  i 'll be waiting for those facts . 
  in the meanwhile , if you ever see them happening around here , please please tell me about it . 
  old people cost a massive amount of money . 
  not saying its bad or we younger people should n't foot the bill ( of course we should ) i am just pointing it out . 
  there is no way bulgaria is only paying 150 $ per pensioner . 
  even the guy on top who is advertising his sick grandparent as a sob story mentioned that he is receiving diabetes medication . 
  that can be very expensive . 
  on the other hand , bulgaria [ has received funding for the refugees ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/167179/eu+to+grant+bulgaria+bgn+10+m+in+funding+on+refugee+projects ) and [ another user ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4gi1bn/bulgaria_we_are_paying_500_euros_for_each_migrat/d2i06qo ) mentioned 6k funding per refugee . 
  but yeah lets hate on them some more , these fake refugees are literally killing our grandparents !, 
  why do you think the eu needs to pay for the bulgarian pensions ? 
  this must be the most bizare argument i 've read in any refugee discussion . 
  even when the eu tries to step up and foot the bill for the refugees , you still manage to somehow complain about it . 
  now you demand that bulgarian pensioners - of all people - should get the money first !? 
  why ? 
  how ? 
  the survival of the elderly is the job of their relatives , the bulgarian government , and the market economy . 
  how about they pay for the greek pensions first !, 
  why no greek pensions ? 
  because the eu should primarily concern itself with transnational/european matters , such as the refugee crisis . 
  there are those things called constitutions , also those other things called international treaties . 
  both may provide for a particular kind of people who turned up uninvited , namely : refugees . 
  welcome to western civilization . 
  we have cool things like these here . 
  its nice to honor them , because you never know when you might fucking need them . 
   my point was that i know exactly how are commeting people in many countries ... that means i have good knowledge which sentiments are strong , which are hated , which are positive and so on . 
  you do n't . 
  you do n't even realize what this sub is like . 
  so far it seems that you have strongly beliefs and get upset when people disagree with you . 
  if people call you racist without good reason , feel free to 1 ) report them and 2 ) tell me about it . 
  i 'd like to see evidence . 
  i even promise you that i will downvote them . 
  but please keep it in this sub . 
  anyway what websites you read does not concern us . 
  i mean its literally trolling at this point . 
  do you realize how ridiculous it is to complain here because of * some viewpoints in the comment section of some random websites * ? 
   i read regularly slovak , czech , german , austrian , british discussion on major websites - i have commented on german reddit - downvoted immediately , because i wasn \u00b4 t 100 % pro-immigration , it does n't concern me nor anyone else which websites you read . 
  if people called other people racist in whatever random comment sections you read , do we have to hear about it ? 
  do you have to whine about it in this sub ? 
  i read websites which neo-nazis occasionally visit . 
  should i complain here about these racists every day , according to your `` logic '' ? 
  also , i doubt you were downvoted because of that . 
  its just what you want to believe . 
  in reality , unlike your fantasy , here in / r/europe this does not happen and you are welcome to prove me wrong . 
   not even saying i was accused of eing putinbot and so on ... 
  this is actually true , i 've seen it happen . 
  if this was your claim then i would n't have said anything . 
   i don \u00b4 t see many people like me i always state facts and discuss only on topics i have knowledge about you ca n't seriously believe this . 
  you have a very strong agenda , why pretend otherwise ? 
  similar situation in greece . 
  refugees are financed with eu money .
