  a shitty relic of a culture that hates everybody and dislikes everything , even its own self . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  sorry for the bluntness but : because you act like self-entitled pricks who think they are special when they clearly are not that is why people mention the empire . 
  yes we all know that its not * actual * empire nostalgia , no shit, 
  i have to break it to you but most of the leave voters wo n't trade with anyone , let alone with the entire world , because most people simply do n't trade . 
  relative to the general population , the % that engages in transnational trade is ridiculously small . 
  but , you certainly won the `` most absurd leave rationalization '' award of the week . 
  edit : if i am wrong please demonstrate it with numbers . 
  what % of the population engages in international trade ? 
   i do n't hate the eu and very few people in the uk do . 
  as for working against it , i do n't know where you got that from at all . 
  as you can see from the rest of this sad thread , you are on a fool 's errand . 
  you are not convincing anyone . 
  the people who are active on these subreddits follow politics closely , we read your media , we listen to your leaders , we hear you talk . 
  you are against the eu as a fundamental concept . 
  your disagreement is deeply ideological . 
  at best , you want it destroyed and replaced with a lesser and weaker union . 
  at worst , you want it gone forever and the all the internationalists/globalists/leftists / muslims banned from your lands . 
  so when you say :  but because we think the eu could be something better . 
  you mean that the eu should be less than what it is now . 
  because better = less for you people , something that ** you yourselves have made abundantly clear during these last few years ** . 
  your vision for europe is a collection of fiercely nationalistic monocultural nation states , constantly bickering and arguing among themselves . 
  divided , weak , confused . 
  this has been your historical goal and i am very sad that it has not changed at all during the 21st century . 
  note that i am not expressing my disagreement with your worldview . 
  i am not arguing against it . 
  it is what it is , and noone is going to change his or her mind . 
  i am merely arguing against the hypocrisy of pretending its something else than what it is . 
  of course there are more popular institutions in general . 
  but in the size and scope of the eu ? 
  it 's the only one . 
  considering that we have 27 ( or 26 ) sovereign and fully independent nations , each of them having its own dishonest politicians ( scapegoating the eu for literally everything bad that happens ) and rampant nationalist populist left to run amok ... yeah the eu is extremely popular . 
  the eu is the strongest , most representative , most encompassing and also most popular institution europe has . 
  arguing semantics is fun and all , but then there is reality . 
   wanting the eu to fail is n't hostility to europe , it 's simply a desire to see an end to such an overbearing institution and see it replaced with what it was originally , a trade union . 
  it 's ok to be against the eu . 
  if you think the eu is * literally hitler and the fourth reich * as you guys usually say , then its ok to hate it . 
  what i do n't understand is your hypocrisy . 
  yes , you hate the eu and are actively working against it , via your populist politicians who you support blindly . 
  why pretend otherwise ? 
  what do you gain ? 
  are you trying to convince yourself perhaps ? 
  it is hate because we like the eu and benefit from it . 
  many millions of people do . 
  these people did nothing to you . 
  they never wanted the uk to fail nor hated your country . 
  yet you are comfortable wishing ill on their whole livelihood . 
  your country is out , but you still hate the eu . 
  you just ca n't let go . 
  it 's common for virulent angertards here to go to great lengths of cognitive dissonance , in order to deny their own shitty , indecent moral views . 
  edit : gold ? 
  thank you kind stranger . 
  i honestly did not expect this . 
  and while i appreciate it immensely , i ca n't help but think that / u/candayence would make better use of it , considering what is about to happen with his economy . 
  yeah do n't bother with reminders since you have already decided that the community is `` saved '', 
  source ? 
   in his case , the egotism saves the community . 
  i see you are conflating wishful thinking with reality . 
  no community is saved yet . 
  nothing has changed . 
  lets see how his community is `` saved '' two years from now . 
  if you thought it was hard to find a job in this economy , wait until brexit actually happens . 
  you are in for a surprise . 
  i wonder , who will you blame then ? 
  this is how capitalism works and you picked your side during the cold war . 
  it 's too late ( and too hypocritical ) to become a blas\u00e9 communist now , is n't it ? 
  if people would rather not work , instead bitching and whining at the poles , then they deserve whatever happens to them . 
  i mean does anyone of you actually believe this shit ? 
  you have people who are allegedly * 5 to 10 years * unemployed and refuse to work ? 
  because the wages are too low for them ? 
  who does that ?!, 
  have you ever been in the job market ? 
  i mean i hate to fucking break to you but if you have been unemployed for even a few years , literally any wage is good enough , regardless of which country you live in/were born in . 
  you need to take what you can find . 
  and anyway the uk has like 5.4 % unemployment rate , which is amazingly low . 
  if someone wants a job , he or she can get one . 
  all of this sound like excuses to me , very bad and transparent excuses . 
   nope . 
  income tax gets paid by the workers , corporation tax goes to the government so the locals do n't benefit . 
  business rates go to the county council so again the locals do n't benefit . 
  lol dude this sounds like greek economics , so you might want to re-evaluate your position . 
  if the government and the county council are getting money , this goes back to the citizens since its funding their own state and services . 
  you sound like a greek retiree who , when asked to pay taxes , refuses to do so because `` hurr durr the politicians are stealing my taxes '' and fails to understand that the same taxes are funding the hospital he relies on . 
   imagine you live in a country and you have had no job for 5 or 10 years and a company starts up a business and says they 're only going to employ foreign workers . 
  would you be a bit angry ? 
  i see . 
  for you , irrational anger is justified if you agree with the angry folks . 
  how understanding and empathetic of you . 
  if only you spared some of that for the people who got fucked by leaving the eu , but they are 2nd class citizens to you and all that matters are feelings of the leavers . 
  dude in greece everyone is against the eu . 
  even the progressives/leftists/liberals hate the eu with a burning passion . 
  they do n't mind aligning themselves with any nationalist or reactionary populist , as long as its against the eu . 
  well , depends if you think that people without a formal education can understand the eu and its economical , political and diplomatic effect it has on the uk . 
  i mean , the evidence pointed they are not able to be informed . 
  they explicitly dismissed facts and experts . 
  there were told lies to their face ; we all know this , yet somehow we are ok with it and hail the triumph of democracy ? 
  you tell me if that is a bad thing . 
  no it 's not demographic bashing , the correct term would be `` facts '' . 
  [ old and uneducated ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/24/eu-referendum-how-the-results-compare-to-the-uks-educated-old-an/ ) people voted leave . 
   marx wanted to change the role of philosophy to proceed with exactly what you wrote was his aims .
