   i did n't encounter many people in my life who think like that . 
  that 's ok . people are different , which is another reason why the state should concern itself more with the economy ( especially for greece ! ), 
  and less with ideologies . 
  do you actually believe unemployment will go down with these improvements in automation ? 
  if you want to breed so that people can pay for your pension , be prepared to pay even more for their unemployment benefits because they ai n't getting a job anytime soon . 
  i think you missed mine . 
  you are correct that some people might think that , i just said these people are irrelevant . 
   well said . 
  i 'm baffled at how many people find the struggle to protect and prolong the existence of a nation meaningless . 
  its not so baffling man . 
  i am greek and by being an atheist i have effectively removed myself from the conservative greek nation . 
  so ... why would i care ? 
  i do n't want our state to ensure the survival of a stupid social construct i have no stake in . 
  i want the state to care about its people , its citizens , of which i am one , and not vague ideologies . 
  what / u/saltlets conveniently left out is that this sense of `` identity '' is a very narrow one and usually includes only the nationalists or the right wing in general . 
  so you understand why not everyone would be thrilled about defending a construct that ( in some cases , aggressively ) excludes them . 
  because its not his part . 
  there is no social contract that says you have to breed . 
  its not like we live in 1000ad or desperately need the manpower for any reason . 
  actually our part should be to breed less because , despite being overpopulated and ruining the earth , automation will make people even less needed . 
  you just proved his point . 
  i am sorry you are being downvoted because you expose the right wing violence . 
  it seems people only want muslim or immigrant violence to be visible . 
  anything else is unacceptable , even if it perfectly relates to this discussion . 
  that is some weird logic , more like utopianism . 
  either something is perfect and just the way i want it - or it sucks . 
  thankfully , reality is more nuanced . 
  you can have freedom of speech without being allowed to abuse and harass innocent people . 
  anyone who thinks that they are right only because they are persecuted is a political moron and should not be catered to . 
  seriously who are those people ? 
  are there people over the age of 16 who are willing to support and even vote for people ... because they are being persecuted ? 
  only a stupid teen edgelord would even consider this behavior . 
  does n't work like that . 
  i mean it would work like that , if europe was this secular progressive paradise that reddit pretends it is . 
  but in reality there are many people who all they want to do is scream `` trash '' and `` cattle '' at immigrants all day . 
  this guy is encouraging them and even giving them a platform to harass further . 
  [ they are even soliciting votes ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/germany-s-right-wing-populists-join-hands-with-anti-islamist-pegida/ ) so they can institutionally harass and abuse the people they disagree with . 
  i 'm sorry but there is no tolerance paradox . 
  even if half the accusations they make are true ( i am being super generous ) its just trolling , there is no criticism or discussion , its just things like `` lucky paris being gifted with all this multiculturalism '' which is trolling and got banned just as i did . 
  i mean the same thing happened to me and i am as liberal as one gets . 
  difference is i do n't have my anti-europe sub to bitch about it . 
  if you want to criticize immigration you are free to do so as we see in literally every thread here on a daily basis . 
  its very common . 
  it is quite intense i admit . 
  what is it with everyone thinking the ethnically slavic former yugoslav state of macedonia conquered greece ? 
  i am very progressive ( look at my comment history ) but even i feel the butthurt over their propagandistic victory . 
  scratch one for rewriting history , i guess ? 
   i said when they wo n't defend themselves , not when they do n't want to defend themselves . 
  umm  europe is not willing to defend itself you did say that , and even if you did n't , it was a judgement , not a fact . 
  but i do n't want a long back and forth over who said what and why . 
  i just wanted to give an alternative explanation besides the `` europeans are cowards ! '', 
  line that gets often thrown around here . 
  edit : fixed formatting, 
  that may be true but it does n't prove your point . 
  i was briefly banned for `` trolling '' ( not kidding , that was the only reason , one word ) because i questioned the right 's narrative about thousands of wild muslims raping everybody in cologne . 
  so yeah , stupid bans may happen , but pretending its against criticism of immigration is wrong . 
  in any case i 'd love to see some data in hopes i will change my mind and accept the existence of this alleged bias . 
  only if you assume they are average * and * european . 
  i do n't think anywhere in europe do you get this insane rage/obsession with muslims . 
  unless you belong to specific political groups and attend specific events , its really not the average anywhere imho . 
  great ad hominem instead of addressing or even commenting on his point . 
  it was . 
  you are pretending that people simply `` disagreed '' with immigration and got banned . 
  that did not and does not happen . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  go ahead and oppose immigration and i promise you nobody will call you a nazi - i see it on posts here daily . 
  that does not happen . 
  no criticism has been banned . 
  what has been banned are people breaking the rules against racist speech and holocaust denial . 
   -2 years ago , you could get banned simply for being anti-immigration or anti-islam . 
  any evidence on that ? 
  or just the typical complaints against non-existing political correctness ? 
   i am so frustrated and annoyed by all the conspiracy theorists and ** racist ** bullshit . 
  please , please do n't write things like this . 
  allegedly there is no racism anymore , you are not allowed to use that word in a non-sarcastic fashion . 
  if you do , you will trigger the * concerned patriotic citizens * and they will start foaming at the mouth because omg political correctness is used to silence us and i ca n't take it anymore . 
  it 's the same thing really . 
   it does n't seem to get enforced often though ( or just interpreted very generously ) , or otherwise people at every party rally or even every campaign stall would be arrested by the truckload just for wearing shirts with their party 's logo on them . 
  that is because these people are usually not muslims . 
   muslim migration , 40 % retired people , poverty , income inequality and wealth , terrorists and saudi-arabia are all linked tho . 
  nobody views those problems as connected , unless he or she is an insane conspiracy theorist , or just pushing his or her political agenda very hard . 
  or both !, 
  climate change actually set off the syrian civil war . 
  but that does n't prevent people foaming at the mouth against muslims and islam , literally on every topic . 
  lets keep cc out of this , we do n't want facts sidelining our rage against muslims . 
   why exactly are we protesting the `` muslim takeover '' of germany ? 
  because there is an loosely organized and super angry group of people online ( of a very specific demographic ) that uses trolling , brigading and shitposting to further their right wing agenda . 
  in reality , the scope of this problem is orders of magnitude smaller than what they would have you believe . 
  reading some comments one would think that western civilization is literally collapsing right now ( people have said this explicitly ) when in reality immigration , with all its problems , is objectively low in the top 10 of problems we have . 
  this does n't mean that its not a problem nor that people should not be concerned ; it means that the angry anti-muslim and anti-left shitposting that is allowed here is clearly pushing an agenda and not rational discussion in any shape or form . 
   i simply meant that canada was there on more than one occasion , sending their young men and women off to die for somebody else . 
  that 's great , but you also said that europeans do n't want to defend themselves . 
  and i said , maybe that is not the case , maybe we had so much war in our own houses that we are not so eager to do it again . 
  i think its an understandable , if not normal , response . 
   you 're right that i have never experienced war but i sincerely doubt most people here have ( or will ) either . 
  i did n't mean you personally , i meant it culturally . 
  there are collective memories about what happens in a war what canadians do n't have , since all their fighting was overseas . 
  thanks for taking the time to let me know you are not , in fact , angry . 
  otherwise i would have mistaken your attempt at a putdown as a rational conversation . 
  on topic , i find it amusing that despite being wrong about the topic , you continue to push your agenda , probably because you know you will get support no matter what you say as long as its anti-muslim .
