  if people believe that gay marriage is not `` real '' marriage then obviously he has the political capital, 
  well , too bad that we ca n't base politics on feelings . 
  whatever you want man . 
  i am cool either way . 
  but if you want to change my mind , try and use facts, 
  you are trying hard to somehow rationalize what is going on . 
  i do n't think i have to spell it out because if it is n't clear by now then it will never be . 
  what ? 
  this is some weird reinterpretation of history right there europe has had its worst struggles between our own countries . 
  we are our own worst enemy , noone else comes even close the second important struggle was the cold war against the soviets , a struggle that defined our modern world maybe the turks would be a very distant third . 
  but that shit is so long in the past , it is literally a different world back then being in a struggle with `` muslims '' in general is even fourth place . 
  you need to go back to medieval times to find any of that shit , and it would be slim but i understand this , this is just the `` clash of civilizations '' agenda that is pushed hard by populists in order to maximize outrage and fear . 
  who cares about history when it comes to votes anyway, 
  i was talking about / r/europe . 
  there is no thread with dead nazis being cheered on like this , especially while being referred to as germans . 
  plus it is always made clear that it 's the nazis we hate and not all germans . 
  ca n't say the same about turks and ottomans . 
  really , as someone who does n't hold historical grudges , the double standard here is so blatant that i am amazed you miss it . 
  even a fucking brexiter commented on it lol . 
  well yeah that is the claim , that they resent stuff . 
  i resent stuff too . 
  everyone does . 
  if they ( or you ) want to actually justify these feelings then they need to give a credible reason for it . 
  until then i am going to assume that they simply agree with trump , which seems to be the safe bet . 
  i am not an idealist , i think ideals should arise from reality and not the other way around . 
  about that bill , we can just pass a similar one . 
  no brit * already * living in the eu shall be kicked out . 
  but the door is closed to any other ones . 
  i am not going to shove `` european ideals '' down anyone 's throat . 
  if people think that listening to immigrants speak in their immigrant language while riding the bus is * worse * than european political , economical and possibly military integration then let it be so . 
  who gives a shit anyway . 
  you simply ca n't argue with that . 
   because the elite will say they know better with a straight face literally everyone is like that , not just the elites . 
  in every discussion , in any human interaction . 
  i mean honestly , have you heard trumpists talk ? 
  they `` say they know better with a straight face '' is an understatement . 
  and i am not blaming them for this , it 's just normal when talking about politics . 
  so yeah no more excuses about unfair treatment . 
  that is bullshit . 
  ** people just love him ** . 
  he is what the majority of america honestly stands for . 
  and liberals should accept this fact as soon as possible . 
  sorry but reality takes precedence over ideals . 
  decisions have consequences . 
  also scotland is not an independent country . 
  they can still come to europe just like everyone else . 
  nobody is shutting them out . 
  what i 'm saying is that they should be treated like everyone else . 
  apply for a visa etc. 
   generalising half of your population as `` those people '' , calling them all racist , bigots , scum of the earth and treating them with disdain pushes them towards more extreme positions i do n't understand why you guys keep saying this . 
  is there any evidence for this or is it just wishful thinking ? 
  how about : these people agreed with trump 's views and therefore voted for him . 
  instead of this weirdly convoluted argument `` well you called them racist and now they turned racist '' . 
  no , these people simply love what he stands for and thus voted for him . 
  simple as that . 
   and i told you that this is not a balkan trait but a general human one . 
  some humans are obsessed with history and maybe some of them take history too personal but that 's ok dude . 
  it 's a part of human nature . 
  definitely more prominent in the balkans , if you look at history . 
  and it 's also part of human nature to question our shitty behavior , so its all good bro . 
   yes next time speak for yourself please . 
  maybe take your own advice like speaking for yourself instead of the whole of humanity , as you did in your post . 
  nobody kidnapped me and i am not a hippy ? 
  oh come on why the downvote , you do n't find it a little bit funny ? 
  dude i hate to break this to you but being greek does not mean you are anti-turkish by default . 
  i know what is what your parents or family taught you but really that is not the case . 
  if greece 's economy is part of a global conspiracy then that must be the dumbest conspiracy of all time , i mean what kind of retards set that shit up, 
  i do n't know if you are aware but germany and greece are distinct sovereign countries with different governments, 
  hello i have a time machine edit : nice ninja edit , but we both know what 's up, 
   why , do i need your permission to exchange thoughts or even quarrel with a turk over a historical topic ? 
  why do i need your permission to reflect on our shitty habits ? 
  i 'll say what i want and you are free to enjoy some vinegar and i was n't talking about `` discussing history '' but about being obsessed with the past to the point of insanity, 
  lol, 
  it 's just sarcasm bro , take it easy, 
  it sets a bad precedent . 
  a country can abandon the eu but its citizens have full access to everything here ? 
  also it is an even worse incentive . 
  the pro-eu brits need to protest the shit out of brexit . 
  i mean they might have parliament on their side and parliament will be asked to vote on triggering a50 . 
  so they need to protest like no tomorrow . 
  but if we just tell them `` hey it 's fine , you can still come and live and work here '' then why would they protest at all ? 
  i 've stopped paying attention , but i am guessing its still shit, 
  yeah they won 2 elections so they have a `` monopoly '' lol, 
  it also says `` rectum '' on the lower right , wtf ? 
   as a fellow turk , i feel i 'm no longer welcome in this sub, 
  i know we always disagree but in this case i upvote you . 
  i mean we shit on brexiters for being bigots then this thread happens . 
  it is embarassing : /, 
  that is a good excuse but it is still transparent . 
  where are the threads about the dead germans ? 
  nazi germany also invaded yugoslavia , you know . 
  but somehow its * always * about turks . 
  i mean not even against ottomans ( which would make more sense ) but it is just against turks . 
  nothing else draws as much fascination as `` remove kebab '' here so your excuse about it being a normal thing to do just does n't hold water . 
  yeah no the romans also invaded the lands that are modern day serbia . 
  before that it was alexander the great , after that it was the byzantines . 
  hell even slavs arrived there from the north . 
  they were not indigenous to these lands , iirc they migrated there somewhere around the 5th or 6th century ce . 
  but this sub is obsessed with a particular group of invaders , one that has a particular religion . 
  and look i am not politically correct , if you want to cheer on the dead turks have at it .
