   all it takes for europe 's nationalistic fury to be risen is a bit of economic trouble well that is how it usually goes . 
  a lot of scared middle class white men , combined with the thugs and lowlives of the far right , is how nationalism always rises . 
  how `` fascist '' to want to prevent body shaming . 
  literally hitler . 
  only hitler would do something so terrible, 
  dude you can eat 1000 calories per day and you still wo n't look like her . 
  you will just look weird and skinny ... and just as ugly as you were before . 
  assuming you are female . 
  this is what advertisers do , this is literally their masterplan : do what we tell you and you will look just like her . 
  you 'll be jut like her !, 
  but sadly no , you wo n't . 
  we need to accept that fact of nature that some people will be ugly and/or fat . 
  i do n't know why modern society likes to pretend that everyone can look like a supermodel if only they use x product or follow y diet . 
  yes , nobody understands what a ` fascist ' is . 
  only you can . 
  everybody else ca n't . 
  in reality , it 's pretty clear that anyone can see who is a fascist , except some people like to muddle the waters and pretend there are n't any . 
  i wonder why ? 
  dude please go back to / r/the _ donald . 
  what is it with americans shitposting the hell out of / r/europe ? 
  do you really think you are fighting an ideological war here ? 
  you are just driving away the normal people and only the farrightwingtard trolls will remain . 
  women get a rdiciulous amount of criticism for the way they look . 
  i 'm a guy too , we do n't have that problem , you can have a gut and if you are cool guy then nobody cares . 
  but women get often shamed and ridiculed if they do n't fit these unrealistic standards . 
  the whole point is that the ads promote an unrealistic body type , not whether we want to tap them or not ( and we do ) . 
  nobody understanding what * political * civilization means itt, 
   sure is a lot of push for something that only effects 0.3 % of the population . 
  lol imagine if a muslim said this * deport him !, 
  deport him now !, 
  what do you want to do ? 
  make lies illegal ? 
  prepare for the my freedom of speech is being violated cries of drama . 
  1st and 2nd generation immigrants can , and do , naturalize . 
  in fact the netherlands has an even simpler way : [ citizenship by option ] ( https://www.ind.nl/en/individuals/residence-wizard/dutch-citizenship/option ) . 
  if you are 18 years old and were born in the netherlands , you just make an application costing 179 $ and after approx . 
  three months you are a dutch citizen . 
  in germany its even simpler , which i know for a fact from all the 2nd generations greeks here : if you grew up in germany and if at least one parent lived there for a minimum of 8 years , [ you can simply chose ] ( http://www.bamf.de/en/einbuergerung/indeutschland/indeutschland-node.html ) to take on the german nationality once you are 18 . 
  you have no idea what 's going on . 
  and you support discriminatory policies based on your ignorance on the status of these people , who may be dutch citizens , 100 % just like you . 
  truly embarrassing . 
  i get that there are benefits . 
  society does not function on a utilitarian basis though . 
  i too like the idea , but having scientists create these objective measurements , and us being made to live lives that are * essentially data-driven * , would require a transformation in the foundations of our civilized world . 
  this is well outside our scope . 
  society does not operate on tradeoffs when it comes to humans . 
  this racial profiling is illegal , as / u/mranonymous [ pointed out ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4nqous/police_racial_profiling_overwhelmingly_approved/d46joyu ) . 
  the fact that this is illegal despite the wishes of the majority is a great demonstration of the principle of democracy vs that of mob rule . 
  well i 'd say being a tourist is not the same as being born and raised somewhere , and still receiving the same treatment . 
  also what you described in your second paragraph is not racial profiling . 
  racial ( or ethnic ) profiling is when the police stops you because your race itself makes you suspect , not because of a crime that happened for which you fit a description . 
  it 's scary that you need to explain this to people . 
  imagine being a member of a minority , trying to live his life in peace , only to find out that the overwhelming majority of the is perfectly ok with institutionalized discrimination against you . 
  why ? 
  because `` it works '' . 
  it works for them , sure , but not for you . 
  so what kind of message is that sending ? 
   that said , i 'd be pretty ashamed of my country if these numbers are even remotely accurate . 
  i was hoping someone would condemn this . 
  and honestly i am surprised you still have positive karma . 
  you missed the point . 
  if you are a middle-class white man , you will never feel the fallout of these policies whether they succeed or fail . 
  so it 's kind of cheap . 
  it 's pretty naive to think that is the only problem, 
   i would be totally fine with it . 
  easy to say if it has n't happened to you . 
  you make it sound as if you are helping the police . 
  you are not . 
  you are daily targeted and harassed , which leads to the police getting weird ideas about what they can and ca n't do to people with your skin color . 
   it 's terrible for social cohesion . 
  that is the endgame . 
  less social cohesion breeds more anger and frustration , which leads to more votes for the populist far right parties . 
   they stay , more come in until people get pissed , minority gets killed this has never happened . 
  this is n't the real world , but your fantasy . 
  no minority was killed off because the natives were tired of immigration , and just decided to genocide them . 
  go through all the genocides and ethnic cleansings and read about them , if you do n't believe me . 
  pretty terrible post , considering you are perfectly fine with institutionalized discrimination . 
  and no they are not foreigners , they are 1st or 2nd generation immigrants . 
  they are dutch citizens . 
   i firmly believe that it is a migrant comunities , not just an individuals , duty to demonstrate compatibility and value to a host country . 
  if your community is incompatible , but you are willing to integrate it is in your best long term interest to petition for the expulsion of other n. africans . 
  so the good ( according to you ) north africans are the ones who ask for the expulsion of other north africans . 
  that is insane . 
  it would be interesting to see which kind of people support ethnic profiling . 
  i 'm guessing that there is a correlation between being a middle class white male and supporting ethnic profiling . 
  well then i agree too . 
  how rare in such a discussion !, 
  it has to do with you not understanding what nationalism is . 
  germany pretty much what you asked , when it wanted unskilled labor , and brought over alot of turkish people . 
  that did not prevent the nationalists from endlessly complaining , because they want assimilation and not integration . 
  your idea of nationalism and nationalists is naive , because its essentially collectivism . 
  you have to subvert your identity to the greater good of the nation . 
  it 's not the same with patriotism or civil nationalism even ; many people in this thread have successfully explained the differences . 
  also refugees ... they are not allowed to come over because of labor shortage . 
  they are refugees of by a civil war caused primarily by [ climate change ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/ominous-story-of-syria-climate-refugees/ ) . 
  this is only going to get worse . 
  you ca n't build a wall against co2 . 
   it is n't one of your mouth foaming reactionary snarl words . 
  but it is . 
  its up there with `` cultural marxism '' and `` self hater '' , words mean to discredit anyone not sharing your nationalist worldview,
