  its only `` fascists '' . 
  so we are allowed to ` hate ' anyone who has killed or raped the same number ( or more ? ), 
  of people as muslims have ? 
  so far , this must be the strangest post i 've read in / r/europe . 
  so baffling . 
  i do n't know what to say to that ` logic ' . 
   they are explicitly forbidden to leave the religion and it is rare to marry outside of it . 
  many wo n't even marry outside their own extended families . 
  there seems to be an utter unwillingness to compromise at all . 
  problem is we do n't apply the same standard to any non-muslim religious asshole . 
  i agree that muslims have the most crackpots , yet that does n't mean we have to exhaust our discipline on them , which is what most conservatives are arguing for ( directly on indirectly ) . 
  lets have laws against these socially damaging expressions of religions , for * all * religions . 
  this way you deal with these worrisome muslims , and large parts of the left would join you . 
  but of course this will never happen , because christianity might get in the crosshairs , and we do n't want that , do we ? 
  so we are stuck in this very un-european and un-democratic position of defending our culture form one ( 1 ) specific minority , while ignoring ( or even encouraging ) every other weirdo out there . 
  the polish acted tough against the muslims , like they would defend european civilization from them etc etc and what do they do now ? 
  they try to ban abortion . 
  fucking middle age barbarism , of a different color . 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  no good will come out of this . 
  its just shit all around . 
   i understand why you talk about our elections , but not why i have to endure so many lectures . 
  you probably have realized this already , but its because we are so terribly smug when it comes to the usa . 
  growing up in greece we had this term `` amerikanaki '' which means `` little american '' ( diminutive ) and is used when you want to call someone stupid . 
  so calling someone a little american means he is stupid . 
  this is literally racist but nobody gives a shit because its the usa . 
  and the clotheslines thing is one of the dumbest things ever . 
  how can someone believe that ? 
  yup , i agree with my conservative friends that feminism is not needed in the west . 
  bunch of hysterical weirdos . 
  clearly everything is fine and dandy !, 
  nope , the discussion was about greek and the workers there . 
  the public sector happened to be mentioned , and it was mentioned explicitly as a bad thing . 
  i counteracted with how both sectors suck and its wrong to single one out . 
  we are all workers in the end , right ? 
  look you do n't have to respond and downvote if you are not following the discussion . 
  i understand that i triggered you by daring to defend the public sector ( insanely unpopular opinion but i 'm crazy like that ... ) but please read the whole comment chain to understand my pov before barging in . 
  i thought you were done with this ? 
  well , i am . 
  just do n't forget to yell strawman one more time . 
  what agenda is being pushed here ? 
  muslim refugees pushing out the `` too well '' students ? 
  cool but i was n't the one to say `` working class ** minus ** the public sector '' . 
  i am not the one to draw lines . 
  i literally argued the opposite . 
  do n't break up the people between public and private because a ) one is approx . 
  just as fucking retarded as the other and b ) the working class extends to both groups . 
  so yeah i do n't know how you got the exact oppose from what i said . 
  maybe its the language , i dunno . 
   i know people like you . 
  they are the ones who believe that we are the best in the world , that everyone is jealous of us , that everyone is in a conspiracy against us , and they are exactly those people that are responsible for the country not recovering even six years after the burst of the crisis . 
  this is hilariously bizarre , considering i am nothing like that . 
  i am literally the opposite . 
  i think very little of greek culture ( yes i said it ) and do n't believe in any conspiracy theories : i think we fucked ourselves first and foremost . 
  most of these are valid points , i agree with most of them except  some areas of eu have 50 % unemployment , we do not need any more people . 
  there is no rule that says you need to have 0 % unemployment to take more people in . 
  there will always be unemployment , at which level its `` ok '' or `` not ok '' to invite more people is anyone 's guess . 
  also :  basically halt the flow of muslims into eu until we properly assess the threat and stop stirring up further trouble . 
  why specifically muslims and not `` refugees '' or `` immigrants '' in general ? 
  its things like these that make me immediately distrustful . 
  it sounds like someone has an agenda against a specific religious group . 
  strawman - you keep using that word , but you clearly are clueless as to what it actually means . 
  facts : nationalists are mistrustful and angry towards eu regardless of the quantity and quality of refugees . 
  nationalist do not want the eu , regardless of the number of terrorists attacks and their origin . 
  also you wo n't teach me what greeks are or how they behave . 
  that is a joke . 
  i 'm done here too . 
  when you are ready to face reality , send me a message . 
  you are the one who is dishonest ( but i am not the one to downvote you , because its actually part of the discussion ) if you pretend that conservatives/nationalists wanted the eu to begin with . 
  you literally hated it from the beginning . 
  you kept stoking the fires of anger , now with these terrorists attacks you act all self-righteous `` see !!!, 
  the eu does n't work !!!! '' . 
  you never wanted it to work . 
  you always hated the core concept behind it . 
  so all of this is hypocritical nonsense . 
  yes , the greeks are always pissed at the germans . 
  we could have zero refugees and greeks would still be screaming that merkel is a nazi and all that . 
  how do i know this ? 
  because it literally happened . 
  objective reality does not factor into the conservative/nationalist worldview . 
  you have your ideas and you stick to them no matter what happens in the external world . 
  you are welcome , but i may disappoint you yet ... because you understand why europeans talk about your elections , right ? 
  whoever gets to be in charge of the usa may or may not fuck up the world . 
  we are affected by it . 
  what if you invade other countries and we have to deal with the fallout ? 
  on the other hand , whatever happens with the refugees here does not affect you at all . 
  you have your military and diplomatic presence all over europe so you can just act via proxy , while your homes are safe and sound . 
  and obviously you are correct on the oddity of it . 
  its stupid for us to lecture you on who you should and should n't vote . 
  i am against trump but i do n't understand how he came to be , like where did he come from ? 
  so i wo n't post any long lectures about your mexican immigrants and whether you should build a wall ... its literally a different world over there . 
  yup . 
  lets be proactive by invading random countries . 
  countries that are conveniently far away from us , so that when refugees start flowing out of them , we 'll stick our heads in the sand and pretend its not our problem . 
  i think you need to get angrier . 
  that will help with that unity , lets get angrier and angrier and blame everyone else . 
  also lets continue to hypocritically pretend that immigration fucked up trust between eu nations . 
  its like all the conservatives/nationalist where so keen into this eu thing , they really wanted it , but then the filthy muslims came along and ruined it . 
  what a bunch of nonsense . 
  the fuck is unregulated immigration doing in this discussion ?
