  my bad , but in my defense i first found out about the speech many years before that . 
   kemal has been dead for nearly a century , he 's a corpse , he 's not running turkey . 
  i still think there are a lot of kemalists . 
  erdogan has the upper hand but i would n't write off the kemalist tradition so quickly . 
  i am sure their support has waxed and waned in the past too . 
   greeks who kiss turkish ass are hilarious `` komshu '' greeks do n't have turkish nieghbors they killed them in the istanbul pogrom and the rest left no man , he was like  i , as a kemalist , have nothing but love for you hellenes . 
  so when someome says he has love for us i thought a more polite answer was in order . 
  the old testament is not a historical document . 
  i think this is well established by now . 
  there are too many inaccuracies and discrepancies for it to be taken seriously as a historical source . 
   but experts know how to find the real history from documents like those . 
  i think what happens is that istorians and archaeologists use their existing knowledge to understand which parts of it are myth and which have some truth to them . 
  but it is not like they extract knowledge from it , but rather apply existing knowledge on it . 
  it 's like the opposite thing . 
   medes were invaders . 
  hittites were invaders also . 
  yes , this does n't contradict what i said . 
  that place was contested by a lot of cultures for a long , long time . 
  it was n't just greek . 
  so you 'd rather have the information in a society controlled by secret algorithms and ceo unaccountable to the public because ... some people want to make money ? 
  but you trust some ceo who you do n't even know and ca n't vote out ? 
  i mean , you do n't have to trust merkel if you want to have transparency about these algorithms . 
   this article is a bit one-sided in my opinion . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  it clearly presents the other side . 
  i quote :  what are the turkish immigrants ' biggest shortcomings ? 
   the turkish immigrants and the turkish organizations have big shortcomings , too , of course . 
  they are still heavily influenced by politics in turkey , and are more focused on turkey 's domestic politics than german interests . 
  it 's not just that one paragraph , the author goes on with it , but i do n't wan na spam the whole article here . 
   the notion that is portrayed , is that immigrants are entitled to integration into society , and that the government will do it for you . 
  well , they were invited and then allowed to stay , so they are entitled to be given a chance to integrate . 
  of course they have to want it and work for it . 
  but what we do n't see mentioned is that the rest of society has to also want it . 
  it is a two-way street . 
   all i want to say is that it is possible to integrate if you want to . 
  today , this seems to be largely true . 
  it is < current year  and if you want to integrate then you can probably do it . 
  but you said something about one-sidedness . 
  we have heard multiple times how immigrants do n't want to integrate and how they segregate themselves in their ghettos that they themselves created , by their own . 
  we usually hear this from the native population ( or from americans , since this is reddit ) . 
  what about their point of view ? 
  where is the 70 year old turk to give us an account of his life in germany , especially during his first few years a.k.a. 
  the most important time ? 
  it is difficult to find such accounts . 
   but also the jews in the old testament . 
  well if that historical document attests to it , then the case is settled / s but seriously i agree with your post except that part, 
  i agree with you because the list of anatolian people is massive . 
  so many have been extinct , either biologically or culturally . 
  i mean , it must have been one of the most contested places in prehistory . 
  the athenian settlers were just another group of invaders , a group that was actually late for the party , since 3 major cultures with their own empires ( [ hattians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hattians ) , [ hittites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hittites ) , [ medes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medes ) ) who lived out their whole whole collective existences before our ionian friends even decided to show up . 
  probably more than three , but i am not a historian , obviously . 
  anyway , the ionians were , dare i say , more culturally advanced . 
  or rather , they belonged to a more culturally advanced people , who also happened to [ invent history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herodotus ) therefore our knowledge of anatolia is quite biased . 
  or its just me , because the greek educational system is quite chauvinist and does n't really mention any of this . 
  it 's mostly : these lands were always greek !, 
  greek greek greek and nothing else . 
  i actually found out about anatolian peoples while visiting a museum in germany . 
  it is embarrassing , but true . 
  and this should explain some of the comments you are seeing here . 
  kemal was [ a true bro ] ( https://nationalpride.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/venizelos.jpg&amp;crop=1 ) . 
  he gave [ one of the most beautiful speeches ever ] ( http://canberra.emb.mfa.gov.tr/showinfonotes.aspx?id=218750 ) . 
  now , our friend / u/stephanosgr here is a little `` special '' and goes off the rails sometimes . 
  it is because of these shitty threads . 
  they are pointless and serve no purpose but to attract shitposting . 
  erdogan says something dumb , them someone says something bad against all turks , then turk users retaliate , etc. 
  it is pointless and we are not achieving anything by fighting here . 
  anyway i just wanted to return the love , take care komsu , 
  i think he just liked building stuff . 
  i wish he could have just played some minecraft , and not wasted all these resources on bunkers, 
  great . 
  happy we sorted that out, 
  the polish people have a massive diaspora and their country is recovering quite well atm, 
  byzantion is the ascii form . 
  its simple : the only way that returning expats can benefit their country is if they do it voluntary if they wanted to do it voluntary , they would have already done it , and we would n't be discussing it so this whole argument is pointless, 
  i do n't think you can tear down the burj dubai , people live there and are eating at restaurants and buying stuff etc but if there was an abandoned skyscraper who nobody wanted and morons climbed it , sure tear that shit down, 
   why should we care if they die ? 
  because western societies are not very keen on social darwinism thought , honestly , sometimes i wish we embraced it ( half / s ), 
   as a fellow castle , i feel i am no longer welcome in belgium, 
  have you never seen a trumptard arguing with a clinton supporter ? 
  or just a trumptard talking about clinton in general ? 
  / u/loladin 's comment was extremely polite compared to that, 
   as a fellow greek , i feel i am no longer welcome in the greek islands, 
  for american standards , he is basically complimenting maas, 
  no , i think it forced you to develop a proper and professional [ land army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_model_army ) . 
  think about it , you might not have been the global superpower you were without that experience . 
  you could have a decent balance by allowing only immigrants who are law abiding and educated , speak your language , pay taxes and are net-benefit to your country . 
  basically the eu immigrants . 
  but you gave them the middle finger . 
  so at least be honest about your intentions and i promise you people will respect you more . 
  it is populism . 
  they use whatever narrative works , or whatever narrative they think will work . 
  anything to keep their shit together , basically . 
  they need as much people as they can on their side , because brexit has not even started and folks are getting nervous . 
  i think this is why theresa may turned pro-brexit overnight . 
  they need to rally the people and consolidate as much support as they can before a50 . 
  americans are not that polite tbh, 
   everything that needs to be known about islam can be taught in the classroom . 
  at least we can find common ground on this . 
  my main point is that being educated about religion is important and should be compulsory . 
  whether the parents like it or not is irrelevant , since they do n't own their kids  that 's what i believe , and my children will never enter a mosque , no matter what the state says .
