  you are being downvoted because nobody is buying this 2nd-rate communism knockoff you are peddling . 
  people are against globalism for nationalistic reasons . 
  the economy is not really a concern . 
  the uk has had a great economy , they recovered from the 2008 crisis * despite * having the immigrant hordes stealing their jobs . 
  5.4 % unemployment rate . 
  this rhetoric is obviously bs . 
  this is patently untrue , if you look at how and why the eu started . 
  basically a church then * tips fedora *, 
   just because they did n't share your views on the eu superstate . 
  more like , because they wanted the eu to unravel because we did n't share their nationalistic views not to mention the countless lies , propaganda and insults from [ people that knew the least about the eu ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2015/nov/27/brits-least-knowledgeable-european-union-basic-questions ) also , where were you to tell us how `` creepy '' were the `` circlejerks '' that went on for months when the refugee crisis was at its highest ? 
  people were wishing all kinds of calamities upon the eu , germeny and sweden . 
  daily . 
  he does n't disagree , if you read the thread you will see that he is on board with the punishment-fetish, 
   like six months in jail and three years ' probation for raping an intoxicated 23-year-old woman behind a dumpster is fair game . 
  of course its fair game , because the perpetrator was a white native . 
  can you imagine if it was a muslim ? 
  / u/flick1981 would be losing his shit right now , calling for the death penalty against these savages who dared rape his women . 
  dude , your country has the worst prison system in the western world . 
  you do n't even try to rehabilitate people , it 's basically a money maker for businesses and revenge porn for the masses . 
  in europe , governments have a more fact-based approach to crime rather than the ideology-based approach you have . 
  again , you ca n't . 
  you demonstrably ca n't control non-eu migration . 
   as the bank of england has said , mass migration results in wage compression not really , i am sure like the 99,9 % of other sovereignity-fetishists you misunderstood or misread the stats ( or just listened to leave campaign propaganda without checking the facts ) . 
  it makes me happy to see you downvoted , you usually get a lot of karma, 
  so basically you have no argument , unless `` etc '' is an argument  what ? 
  why would somebody call me that , are you projecting or something ? 
  lol i dunno why , it 's just the default answer in this sub . 
  like when ? 
  let me guess . 
  somebody called you a racist once at your feelings were hurt . 
  so both sides are being fed and becoming more powerful makes sense, 
  only ? 
  do you think that insane right wingers would `` accept '' or `` tolerate '' one percent of their population being muslim ? 
  any story that does not fit your preconceived notions of how the world works is bullshit . 
  i imagine you say the same thing when right-wingers talk about immigrants ? 
  they took our jobs ? 
  that is bullshit too right ? 
  greece also has no islamic terrorist attacks . 
  we also have a large number of refugees * and * a preexisting muslim minority . 
   i do n't understand the logic behind complaining about a method of rehabilitation that has proved successful . 
  if muslims are somehow better integrated , the far right populists wo n't have much of a leg to stand on , they will lose votes and standing , and they wo n't be able to push their conservative agenda down everyone 's throat . 
  i ca n't fathom how an adult came to this conclusion after reading the article . 
  it 's like you have a prepared message which you copied and pasted on every muslim-related thread . 
  at least i hope so . 
  because if this was your genuine response to this article , i am afraid to say that you have worse things to worry about than muslims . 
   he must have been hungry as fuck . 
  well it ended up eating lead, 
  i do n't think so , they do n't have any real way to get an idea how eu immigration affects them in real dollar terms , yet they passionately vote against it . 
   well , the eu has a large population in a similar timezone , is easy to travel to , has the same language , is developed , has low transport costs and short transport time , the uk 's economy is adapted to the needs if countries in the eu , and the uk already paid the price of regulatory standardization . 
  those things do n't matter do the proud english voters , who are determined to stand up to the globalist leftist progressive conspiracy i mean trade is just `` numbers '' and `` facts '' . 
  who cares about that shit , all that matter are feeling of national pride, 
  b b b but the eu must be disbanded because europeans are not the nationalistic europeans that my american worldview demands them to be !, 
  i do n't think you understand the religious mindset . 
  it is an honor for them to die . 
  they want to do it . 
  yes and even if you stop all immigration , unless you build a time machine while you are doing it , it wo n't matter because there have been muslim communities in france for like a century, 
   turkish people hate everything that make economy worse actually . 
  not condoning the islamists or erdogan , but that is a good attitude and i wish we had some of it, 
  on the other hand , being conscripted means you have to give a shit since its your life on the line see what americans are doing with an all-professional army . 
  they invade and the people home eat popcorn and watch . 
  if it was their ass on the line , you 'd have very little public support ( just imagine the protests ) for such adventures, 
  they do n't , its just that some poster 's problem is refugees ( see the poster who started this ) the ukrainian civil war does not create muslim refugees so it 's not a big deal, 
   and refugees will flood europe even further i like how your issue is `` omg more refugees '' !, 
  i mean seriously now is there nothing else our american posters here can think of ? 
  good points except i do n't think he * used * them as human shield , since they seemed perfectly happy to take on that role . 
  i mean there are people willing to hit tanks with sticks for their leader and religion . 
  can you really blame him for it ? 
  username checks out, 
  i would postpone your celebrations about kicking the teeth of people who disagree with you , until immigration is sorted out . 
  i mean article 50 has n't even been triggered yet . 
  let 's see how the negotiations go first shall we ? 
  shhh you are getting in his way . 
  he just wants to cry about being `` called '' racist , even when nobody calls anyone a racist in here . 
  go search this thread and others and you will find no-one being accused of racism . 
  but these drama queens love to complain . 
  who screamed racist at you ? 
  another angry right winger playing the victim . 
   there 's going to either be sanity on immigration most of these are citizens , born and bred in the country . 
  french . 
  i do n't understand why people keep mentioning immigration , but i guess it suits their agenda . 
  exactly . 
  isis is [ not really political but deeply religious ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ) . 
  treating these terrorists as political extremists is wrong and even dangerous , but sadly many right wingers focus only on the political aspect ( which is just means to an end ) for their own misguided reasons . 
  i see what you mean now . 
  there is a group that actually wants to slaughter the radical left wing voters and take over the government , it 's called [ golden dawn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party \\ ) ) and i thought you were referring to them . 
  but you are right anyway , i also left greece and if i had stayed i would be in the mercy of the left radicals who would be very happy to leave the eu . 
  i know it sounds sad but there really is no hope for this country . 
  whoever can leave should leave . 
  right , a leading nation gets bogged down in stupid wars ( started on false pretenses ) , damaging their economy and that of others , sparking sectarian violence and when they pull out they arguably leave the region in a worse state than what it was before . 
  yes , apparently 52 % of your country, 
   slaughter all the radical left voters and have then take over government wat, 
   his reasoning was that those young strong men are just bored without work and that 's why they start raping . 
  i 'd like to read the german article , i think i can manage it . 
  also , there is a link between crime and unemployment . 
  i think we all know this ? 
  before i get downvoted , let me say that it is absolutely not the host country 's fault that this happens . 
  no sane person would blame the unions for this . 
  the fault lies in how the refugees where rushed in without a comprehensive plan that would prevent the bitter reality of unemployment = crime . 
  so to conclude my point is that this is a far cry from `` nazi propaganda '' . 
   if you based your actions on the entirety of human history rather than analysing the world around you you 'd never be able to relax for fear of being murdered for your food .
