  ! 11 and absolutely nobody calls anyone a racist . 
  it 's bullshit drama . 
   what you 're saying is that `` well a tiny single digit percentage of christians are fundamentalists , too , so it 's totally fine that 80 ( !!!!, 
  ) % of muslims are !, 
  '' , which is fucking retarded . 
  that would be retarded , so i 'm happy to say that my only position is one of equality before the law : you close down everything . 
  i do n't care what religion it is . 
  seems to me that many people here , including yourself , agree with me , but only hesitantly . 
  it 's like `` yes we should remove religion from the public sphere but ... let 's start with the muslims '' . 
  i would n't have a problem with that in theory , but its just that i do n't trust the intentions of such people . 
  after all , it was the `` i 'm not a christian but ... '' group of morons that did little to promote secularism these years . 
  it 's only now that muslims have appeared in greater numbers that they decided to push for secularism . 
  you are presenting the typical sad argument that `` a little '' fundamentalist is ok while `` a little more '' is bad . 
  it 's such a disingenuous argument , and its so transparent to me personally as well , which is why i always point out its hypocrisy . 
  yes these people are more insane than their western counterparts . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  the point is that by allowing your native fundamentalist indoctrination to go unopposed ( or even subtly encouraging it as well ) , you ca n't point fingers at others . 
  these people demand the same rights you have . 
  what are you telling them ? 
  it 's ok to indoctrinate your kids , as long as you do it `` just a little bit '' ? 
  umm no , that does n't work . 
  the uk will continue to have institutions that indoctrinate kids in the jesus stuff , regardless of the presence of muslims . 
  and that is a cold hard fact . 
  take a deep breath . 
  i blamed the west for setting a terrible example , in the sense that people who live in fucking glasshouses ca n't throw stones . 
  yeah no shit these people would try to indoctrinate their kids no matter their host country . 
  that does n't mean you should give them excuses . 
  maybe if you were secular to begin with , you would n't have ended up with this [ ridiculous shit ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/feb/07/religion.world ) . 
  93 % of pederasts are religious , so if you send your kid to an institution completely run by religious people , yeah i 'm sorry but you have a higher chance to `` blow '' and lets not remember what the age of consent was in some christian countries back in the day ( when they were truly christian and not multicultural nowadays ) point is , what the official dogma or theory says does n't matter much . 
  in theory you might not `` condone '' pedophilia but in reality the kids are suffering just the same, 
   the muslims do it with no repercussions so i 'm not gon na get too mad over this . 
  do you realize that this was their reasoning when they first came over to the west ? 
  if you are allowed to indoctrinate your kids with the teachings of jesus , with the state/government not only preventing you but actually encouraging you , why should n't they do the same ? 
   would people make these same arguments if this thread was about islamic schools in uk ? 
  no , if they were islamic schools people here would be screaming that muslims need to be deported asap . 
  there is an obvious double standard to anyone not having an agenda . 
  so it does n't make a difference ? 
  then why bring up christianity 's `` acceptance '' if it does n't, 
   just a thought : take everything people will say about this christian school , and apply it to any muslim school . 
  i 'd like that . 
  it sounds very modest and reasonable . 
  no one is screaming to deport 2nd generation christians back to jerusalem . 
  on the other hand , take everything people will say about muslim indoctrination and hate-speech and apply it to instances where christians do it . 
  like this one . 
  can you imagine the whining ? 
  * but but but its our tradition !, 
  but its our native culture !, 
  good thing it 's not accepted in christianity , i 'm sure the raped kids would love to hear that, 
  some people already said it 's ok because the muslims already do it . 
  his point was that people just want to be lazy and collect paychecks . 
  this is not the case . 
  there are people who are long-term unemployed and simply unable to get a job , because there is so place for them in the market . 
  ubi would help them . 
  and yes , if your company ( like mcdonalds which was mentioned ) is so terrible that people need to be threatened with starvation and homelessness to work there , maybe we should n't have such jobs ? 
  ubi will give companies incentives to improve the quality of these jobs since they wo n't have a large and desperate pool of workers to pick from anymore . 
  and if not , if it is practically impossible to make such jobs better ( it is n't , there are many things that can be done ) then maybe they should n't be done anymore ? 
  humanity will do just fine without junk food cashiers . 
  other companies will rise to satisfy demand with more innovative methods . 
  so we should n't underestimate human innovation . 
  tl/dr ; moral hazards are the worst kind of arguments, 
  welcome , but you can just show us where in the bible does it say that `` the theory of evolution is absurd '' so we can move on, 
   why would n't they ? 
  that 's what the bible says . 
  the bible does not say that `` the theory of evolution is absurd '' . 
  but i do n't know , maybe your version is a newer one ? 
  you are defending them as if what they are doing is normal or expected of christians . 
  it 's not . 
  plenty of christians are non-retarded . 
   not really , taking your bait would mean insulting you back , or taking the trouble to explain why the answer you think its `` correct '' depends on your oppinion . 
  except you did just that not gon na continue this though , so please have the last word , and do n't forget to mention `` muslims '' again next time, 
  maybe you should read the article before defending these practices ? 
  yes i know * you are not a christian but ... * but this is not religion nor faith :  even from a strictly scientific viewpoint , the theory of evolution is absurd these kids are being taught things contrary to scientific facts . 
  i ca n't imagine how using the excuse of `` religion '' or `` faith '' makes it acceptable . 
  ah yes , when prodded enough , you give the `` correct '' answer  and it 's pretty funny to complain that my alleged `` bait '' has expired , when apparently you took it ... 
   dont like the hole ? 
  should not have digged it . 
  yes , you should not be religiously indoctrinating your own kids , and then when people belonging to another religion appear , * demand that they should behave differently * . 
  do you understand how much of a hypocrite that makes you ? 
  you were the one that started digging . 
  you showed them that it 's ok to religiously indoctrinate your kids in the west . 
  so why complain when they do the same ? 
   seriously , why does everyone suck at being christian ?!, 
  you would think the answer would be obvious by now, 
   at least they do n't teach them how to blow up . 
  this upvoted comment perfectly summarizes the hypocrisy, 
  i highly doubt society needs call centers to work, 
  username checks out, 
  this will get immediately downvoted , because here we like to pretend that christianity has disappeared and that europe is a secular progressive utopia . 
  * but but but the muslims *, 
  no , the police who let the kids be molested for 16 years . 
  it 's funny that you would take these peoples ' word at face value . 
  they failed to do their job . 
  being `` afraid to be called racist '' is not only nonsense but the most idiotic excuse i 've heard . 
  great counter argument , very well thought out . 
  it 's amazing that you will believe anything , even from people who abandoned kids to get raped , only if it furthers your agenda . 
   there are ~ ~ prominent economist ~ ~ libertarian nutjobs who want to go back to a gold standard and abandon fiat currency . 
  ftfy, 
   and some branches would get huge troubles finding people , call centers for example you make it sounds as if that is a bad thing if a job is to terrible that only the threat of starvation of homelessness will force people to do it , maybe we should n't have that job , just sayin, 
   i too love the idea of sitting on my ass and getting money , but that wo n't keep me from analyzing the ramifications and seeing how it would be a really bad idea . 
  easy to say if you have a job or the means to acquire one .
