  you stay where you always were . 
  the left cares about the life of the native population as much as anyone does . 
  it 's it pretty disingenous ( and borderline pathological ) to believe that all these people ( in the left , like the political parties , the politicians , the voters , the rank-and-file everyday citizens , etc ) have actually stopped caring about the native population . 
  as if they are not native themselves ? 
  it is a very twisted view of the world and ofc leads to the political clusterfuck we see every day , instead of being a result of it , i think it is the actual reason . 
   who does n't support the globalist hate speech against nationalis this exists only in your head . 
  it is convenient too , because you get to play the victim . 
  * boohoo these mean globalist overlords are calling me racist , i am going to go on / r/europe and complain about it * . 
  i mean how dare someone disagree with you ? 
  yes , you are being horrifically oppressed . 
  you are a true victim . 
  the eu is `` literally hitler '' after all right ? 
  what ? 
  you are the ideologue here , everything in your worldview is based on some preconceived ideological notions about a `` globalist conspiracy '' destroying the proud national cultures . 
  me , i do n't give a fuck . 
  i do n't care about ideologies . 
  what is important to me is rationality and human wellbeing . 
  of course you know all this , which is the reason you despise `` liberals '' like me . 
   '' spirit or lifeforce '' is very broad , and it can also just mean believe in consciousnesses . 
  i do n't think consciousnesses is a `` spirit '' , but if you personally make that connection then you are probably not an atheist . 
  pretty embarrassing as a greek . 
  i do n't know why people think so highly of ( modern ) greek culture . 
  we are one of the worst religious nuts in europe . 
  it is worse than you 'd expect , like the level of superstition , the obsession with metaphysical nonsense , is extremely high in greece . 
  this madness is so prevalent in greek culture that it is n't a left vs right thing nor a progressive vs conservative thing . 
  it is everyone . 
  pretty much everyone believes in magic one way or the other . 
  nevermind that people usually say `` i 'm not religious , but ... '' or even `` i do n't believe in god , but . . '' , i mean these disclaimers are very common online but people still support these insane religious institutions and want them to play a domineering role in their society and in their lives . 
  yes . 
  try not virulently hating the eu and other european insitutions that literally millions ( and a good chunk of this subreddit , obviously ) support . 
  try understanding that no , the eu is not `` literally hitler '' . 
  stop constantly whining about being oppressed by this nefarious `` brussels elite '' that is simultaneously useless and a very effective tyrant . 
  try actually respecting others even if they identify in a way you do n't 100 % agree with . 
  like if they are not raging nationalists , people still deserve respect . 
  i do n't know what causes this brit arrogance where you guys who shitting on a whole continent and then act chocked when people turn against you . 
  you are not exceptional - as you are about to find out soon enough . 
   this comes from making up for the colonial past and the vague feeling that we should help the people in need . 
  wait what ? 
  white guilt is a good thing now ? 
  the rest of your argument are pretty gunny considering that the exact same arguments were used to proudly proclaim support for brexit : * we do n't want to give money to these poor , corrupt european countries . 
  * people did tell you that yes , giving a little money to poorer european countries goes along way to bolstering the uk 's soft power , world peace , progress and cooperation ... but you were adamant that the eu is `` literally hitler '' and let 's not forget `` rule britannia '' . 
  now you are using the exact same arguments to tell us how awesome they uk is . 
  they are not . 
  they made a major blunder and no `` global aid fund '' is going to change that . 
   including at least two where said movement resulted in major military conflict and tens of millions of victims of genocide it is sad because its politica correctness that does not allow us to talk about this . 
  people blindly support nationalism and refuse to hear or consider anything bad about it . 
  a century ago , it was the nationalist 's utopia here . 
  everybody laid down his life for `` god , king and country '' . 
  the results were literally nightmarish . 
  ww1 shook people so bad it transformed culture and modernism rose . 
   the rise of nationalism in the current day is simply a measure of how sick people are of the regressive left and their various policies that are at the expense of the everyday citizen of insert-country-here . 
  people always say this about others . 
  they are voting for these populists because they are tired of the left , it 's the left 's fault etc. 
  this sounds a tad disingineous to me . 
  people have agency and are responsible for their own actions . 
  why do we immediately dismiss the idea that people vote for these lunatics because * they actually agree with them * ? 
  why does it always have to be about the left ? 
  people like to pretend that we do n't actually have these many far right wingers , that they are actually protest voters , that they will switch back to `` normal parties '' once things get better . 
  i do n't share this optimism and in fact i think its native to think this way . 
   trying to connect all those people is like trying to make shishkebab with jellyfish and rocks . 
  excepted they are actually connected by two things that are virtually identical : authoritarianism and being against an alleged `` globalist '' agenda by spewing virulently nationalistic rhetoric . 
  yes , everyone who is n't a raging nationalists is a globalist and hates the proud white culture / s these are people you have brough to the forefront on raw emotions . 
  hysteria , fear and identity politics ( muh national identity ! ), 
  are absolute demagogues and populists and will say absolutely anything to get elected . 
  the eu did not create the refugee crisis . 
  and no matter how and the eu institutions tried to handle it , all these right wing ideologues would do is scream * the end of the world is coming !, 
  refugees will `` destroy the history of western civilization ! '' !, 
  millions of rapists raping our pride white culture !, 
  * you guys are dead weight and contribute nothing to society but hysteria, 
   all in all you need to calm down a bit yeah so basically your whole post was a big `` u mad bro ? '', 
  allow me to stoop down to you level for a moment , only in order to respond : tl/dr ;, 
   i do not think so ... what makes you think you get to decide that ? 
  no offence man but this is just bizzare . 
  how can you think you are entitled to decide if someone 's reason for living is adequate or not ? 
  it just does n't compute . 
   my brexit arguments ? 
  could you quote some of my brexit arguments please . 
  just the basic one , that the eu is `` literally hitler '' . 
  all brexit arguments are simply a variation of that core idea . 
   who are `` you guys '' ? 
  seems a bit of an hysterical overreaction to me . 
  brexiters . 
  they absolutely hate anything that has to do with europe . 
  but then again , most brits here like to preface everything they say with `` i voted remain , but ... '' before proceeding to express an unashamedly anti-eu opinion . 
  people like to pretend something they are not a lot , like the raging nationalists who claim to just be `` concerned citizens '' before they firebomb refugee shelters . 
   during brexit people thought the eu held all the cards during the divorce proceedings . 
  turns out that a tail with veto power really does wag the dog . 
  you ca n't really say `` turns out '' because it has n't happened yet . 
  i do n't think the uk really wants to try and bully the continent . 
  but for theirs and your sake i honestly hope they try . 
  i really hope they starting veto'ing things left and right to try and force a whole continent into submission . 
  the dreams of their empire will finally come crashing down . 
   til that exercising our democratic rights in a democratic block is destructive what are you talking about ? 
  since when is the eu a `` democratic block '' that gives `` democratic rights '' to its members ? 
  this is contrary to 100 % of your brexit arguments . 
  you guys have a pathological hatred for the continent and are just slinging mud to see what sticks . 
  yes . 
  life does not have inherent value . 
  there are situations way worse than death . 
   where does caring for our beloved fall into this ?
