  did you just disregard history as a source of knowledge ? 
  i am not talking about my own actions as an individual , but our collective social and/or political actions , where history should be used . 
  i mean people are not nearly as random or unique as popular culture tells us . 
  in reality , if you put people in * generally * the same situations , they tend to * generally * behave the same way . 
  and i am not saying that history is the only source , but an important one , very helpful in understanding what is going on . 
  lol why the hell are people downvoting you for asking for examples ? 
  this is how a discussion should be have an upvote, 
  yeah , and whoever is on the [ antipodal point ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antipodal_point ) is an extremist right ? 
  allright , i 'll grant you the check mate if you give me an example . 
  i am not doubting you because i am a douche ( though i can be ) but because every single case of people like you complaining about being called `` nazis '' is made up . 
  i 've never seen a concrete example and i have asked so many people . 
  so please prove me wrong ? 
  honest request , not looking to pick a fight . 
   russia 's doing that now with rt and blogs and news websites , but it 's not so much propaganda as it is just finding local issues and opinions that work in their favour and putting the spotlight on them but this is actually propaganda . 
  do you think propaganda is just lies ? 
  it 's not . 
  there is a great deal of truth in propaganda , heck it can even consist of information that is 100 % true , the trick is how you present it in itself and relative to the * other * information that you chose to omit . 
  for example , lets imagine a minority whose crime rate is * lower * than the national average . 
  now , imagine a media outlet that only broadcasts crime reports from this particular minority . 
  all day long . 
  nothing more . 
  they do n't explain how , relative to the general population , they are in fact less criminal and more peaceful . 
  they do n't mention crimes from the natives or other minority groups . 
  so they manage to create the impression that this minority is a bunch of criminal scum , because people hear only bad things about them , without any context , nor are people educated enough to properly analyze information . 
  so , despite their information being factually 100 % true , the end result is propaganda . 
   foreign propaganda would be limited to uneffective bullshit nobody buys if domestic media and politicians would n't be downplaying stuff nope . 
  foreign propaganda would be limited if right-wingers were not so incredibly eager to jump at any news item mentioning `` refugees '' and `` bad '' at the same sentence . 
  i do n't blame rt so much because the ground was so fertile . 
  people reacted so hysterically bad to the refugees , no rational analysis , just raw fear and panic * omg the muslims are coming and raping everybody hide yo kids * etc. 
  of course they would take advantage of it . 
  these days ? 
  lol you are out of touch . 
  one month ago , if you argued that refugees are human beings and not thieves , rapists and/or invaders ... the downvotes quickly stacked up ( or down ? . ), 
   we had control over eu migration just like you have control over non-eu migration ? 
  more non-eu immigrants enter your country . 
  so you either ca n't control immigration at all or you do n't want to . 
  in any case leaving the eu wo n't help . 
  also , the eu immigrants contribute more , they are net contributors . 
  but who cares about pesky things like `` numbers '' , facts are overrated anyway, 
  yeah take a look at human history the post ww2 lull in violence is extremely rare nationalists take it all for granted , a great example of hubris if i ever saw one, 
   our government have made it pretty clear oh really the uk government made something clear ? 
  allright then , its all settled , nothing to worry about . 
  considering that the uk 's gripe is immigrants * tuk er jerbs * then this solution wo n't be politically acceptable . 
   a pre-requirement to deciding where to position uk on a trade-off between free movement of labour and single market access is a recognition that such a trade-off actually exists . 
  the uks cheif negotiator has apparently not reached this stage yet '' is it just me or is this way too fucking embarrassing ? 
  these are people who run the world . 
  yet their professionalism is that of a gyros seller . 
  the german imperialists are stealing our fruit merkel nazi go away, 
   these countries are not our friends . 
  countries do n't have friends . 
  spoken like a true brit . 
  you will find that the rest of europe does not share this sentiment . 
  fortunately !, 
   there is n't a rush . 
  the government will do this in due course . 
  be patient . 
  as you are about to find out - or rather already finding out - there is a rush . 
   it depends on if you think the union in its current form is going to survive sure . 
  if you think it is a sinking ship then by all means abandon it . 
  but do n't tell me you are doing it for more `` globalism '' because nobody will take you seriously . 
  not even your own voters , i mean try selling that to the brexiters . 
  more globalism ? 
  all i can say is : lol . 
   and as a sovereign entity it is well within its rights to do that . 
  i do n't know why you keep saying this . 
  is it an argument ? 
  yes , what the uk is doing is not illegal . 
  are we not allowed to criticize it because it 's not illegal ? 
  i honestly do n't get it . 
  you ca n't even trigger article 50 because your public services ca n't handle it . 
  you ca n't even disentangle yourselves from eu law in a realistic timeframe . 
  yes , you are * that * horribly unprepared . 
  but you think you can interact with the rest of the world , among countries that your relations are way worse than they are with eu countries ? 
  the eu helped you strike trade deals . 
  you had access to 50 countries outside the eu . 
  read [ this ] ( http://news.cbi.org.uk/business-issues/uk-and-the-european-union/eu-business-facts/10-facts-about-eu-trade-deals-pdf/ ) :  as a partnership of 28 countries , it can take the eu time to negotiate trade deals that are good for all member states . 
  but , with the weight of a 500 million person market , the eu often negotiates better deals -- more comprehensive in scope than those signed by countries outside the eu . 
  the eu-south korea deal is a good example of this , scrapping almost 99 % of tariffs in just 5 years and including far-reaching liberalisation of trade in services . 
  the south korea-australia trade deal takes almost 20 years to reach this level of tariff reduction . 
  good luck , you 're gon na need it . 
   and that is why the uk will remain strong allies with european countries on a range of matters . 
  we will see about that . 
  considering you do n't even know how to act now , since you barely have a government ( at least you managed to find a mp , congratulations ) it is very early to speak about alliances . 
  i mean i am sure there will be * some * , obviously so , but the quality and quantity of them is up for debate . 
   so far the uk has not erected any barriers and my hope is that we erect very few barriers indeed . 
  except you left the eu and claim you want to become `` more globalist '' . 
  it 's like me saying that i want to become more cosmopolitan and then promptly moving out of the capital . 
  i mean lets not fool ourselves . 
  if you ca n't find your place among historical , cultural , political and financial friends , do you think you will fit in with the likes of south korea ? 
  it will be funny to watch . 
  you ca n't even handle article 50 , you are * that * unprepared despite knowing it years in advance , and you mean to tell us that you will strike deals with the whole world . 
   the eu is not the globe . 
  neither is china or mexico . 
  have you forgotten that the eu is part of this globe as well ... ? 
  your claim is that you are becoming more `` globalist '' by erecting barriers between yourselves and 26 of your closest neighbours , who collectively are the world 's biggest and most innovative economies are ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  the moment you cut ties with other nations , you become less globalist . 
  but in your mind this is more globalist because of some hypothetical and ties with far-away countries with whom you share very little . 
  i am sorry all of this sounds orwellian . 
  it 's like saying black = white .
