   the regressive left feminists must be having such a hard time to chose between `` cultural tolerance '' and `` women 's rights '' which are so diametrically opposed here . 
  ah , good ol / r/europe , in a thread regarding france and burkini , you guys never forget to put up strawmen against the `` left '' and then proceed to patriotically destroy them here is a crazy thought : women have agency . 
  generally speaking , they do what they want to do . 
  they are not looking for a white liberal european white knight in shining armor to save them, 
   a city is not a beach . 
  how is that a valid reason ? 
  this is the worst `` explanation '' i 've read in / r/europe during all my time here . 
   the very existence of those people is endangered . 
  those bans are scream for help . 
  i think you need to cut down on the booze man . 
  it certainly helps that conservative ideology ranges from irrational to downright insane . 
  the title is misleading . 
  the article says the exact opposite . 
  it is amazing how easily propaganda is accepted , even by `` educated '' and `` progressive '' young people . 
  people wearing burkinis are not `` agressive fascist ideologues '', 
   making this whole discussion go away  is exactly what put europe in trouble it is now in . 
  not at all . 
  the refugee crisis was not caused by any european politician . 
  but the europeans politicians refused to cooperate , collectively failing to tackle the problem due to either internal political games , sticking their heads in the sand hoping the refugees would change their mind and go someplace else ( lol ) or just wanting to give the middle finger to brussels . 
   is this a start of european turning point in thinking about muslims ? 
  will other ethnicities experience the same ? 
  does french culture have right to act like this toward another culture ? 
  where is this coming from ? 
  whats going to happen next ? 
  what are the repercusions ? 
  what muslims feel about it ? 
  all these are super interesting questions but sadly we ca n't know the answers because none of us can see the future . 
  the last question is actually valid ( what do muslims feel about it ? ), 
  but good luck getting an answer . 
  there is a reason why this demographic does not post here or in other forums or in society in general . 
  i do n't blame them - why would they talk to a forum where people calling for the complete deportation of all muslims consistently gets upvotes . 
  what is the point of talking ? 
   societal behavior decides how much you can reproduce nope , its biological . 
   european women are conditioned no , european women are autonomous entities who make choices like everyone else . 
   that 's what dissagreing opinions on culture , taxation and domestic policy ends up in . 
  fair enough . 
  indeed it 's our taxes , not mine . 
  so if we ca n't reach a compromise then lets have a civil war . 
  bring it . 
   when birth rates are so low that if maintained , the native european population will halve every 40 to 50 years , abortions should be flat out banned except rape cases . 
  not going to happen , especially not in the name of collectivism . 
  the people of europe are free to reproduce as much as they want . 
  just because you think the population should n't decrease does not mean that people should lose control of their bodies . 
  do n't forget : you are free to have as many kids as you want . 
  i support your right to have as many kids and as much welfare as you need ( paid from my taxes ) to support them . 
  no , i am not being sarcastic . 
   if your too dumb to understand reproduction in 2016 and still have problems understanding condom usage and such other measures , you 're too dumb to decide the faith of an unborn child , that 's my ho , which by the way you own just 50 % of `` it '' . 
  before calling other people dumb , i suggest you educate yourself on birth control . 
  birth control is not 100 % effective . 
  in a country with millions of people you are bound to have some accidents . 
  that is the second reason i support abortion ( the first being , obviously , people have fucking ownership of their bodies ) because unwanted pregnancies are literally unavoidable . 
  and i see your point of view . 
  i agree that you should n't use abortion as birth control . 
  that is a horrible idea , for many reasons . 
  i was referring to your hatred of abortions apparently having guns is a right , but controlling your own reproductive system is n't a right \\ #conservativelogic, 
  mental illness is an excuse now ? 
  mentally ill people are pussies too , right ? 
  no wonder there is stigma for mental illnesses , now its being used for political reasons too, 
  ah yes , great sarcasm my friend . 
  how dare the progressive elites not allow the proud patriotic citizens to own guns ? 
  what 's that ? 
  women having ownership of their own reproductive systems ? 
  unrestricted and safe access to abortions ? 
  no , who cares about that kind of freedom . 
  the freedom to buy guns to try and shoot terrorists is the only freedom that matters . 
  yes because , as we all know , being a muslim means you can never get mentally ill . apparently the new trend is to be sarcastic against mental illnesses ? 
  another great sample of patriotic civilization, 
  well there are many different `` kinds '' of communism , so to speak . 
  on the other hand , nazism without hitler ? 
  does n't really work does it . 
   many religious sects are outlawed and for good reason . 
  the only reason is that they are small . 
  not a good reason imho . 
  big religious sects are left untouched . 
  but overall you wrote a very good and nuanced post , have an upvote , 
   the problem with refugees is liberal democracy gets damaged , not economics . 
  evidence ? 
  this has not happened . 
  if you think germans will go back to the 1930s then you do n't know anything about germany or their cultural evolution during the past 3-4 generations . 
  just ... no . 
  but for sake of argument lets say it happens ? 
  who would you blame ? 
  refugees obviously , right ? 
  them or some nebulous `` liberal elite '' that does n't really exist anywhere apart from some peoples ' anxiety . 
  would you really blame the right wingers themselves from sliding into barbarism because they accepted refugees ? 
  that 's got to be the worst possible reason anyone can come up with . 
  inexcusable . 
   so yeah as it turns out people are more likely to believe raw numbers that are well documented rather than abstract hopes , dreams and political ideas that are virtually impossible to relate to . 
  what a shocking revelation . 
  so you think the redditors believed this because they are impassionate rationalists who analyze numbers before taking feelings into account ? 
  man , that is very german of you . 
  sadly the rest of the world does not operate this way . 
  it 's more like `` anti-muslim = good '' , `` pro-muslim = bad '' , `` neutral = also bad '' . 
   soooo , does that mean you want to repay all the loans or does that simply not count as helping ? 
  it does n't count as helping , no . 
  these `` loans '' were money originally given to a alien race of people who got on their spaceship and have now left greece . 
  so it 's not helping . 
   while we are on the topic , what about the interest ? 
  * something something evil merkel evil germans something *, 
   sch\u00e4ubles words arent propaganda that `` paints the refugees in a negative light '' .
