  everybody that switches sides because of it is a moron . 
  you cant seriously be happy about people changing their opinion based on tabloid drama when it comes to important issues like this . 
  having a politician murdered on a political motive is not `` tabloid drama '' . 
  it 's politics . 
  i mean , sweeping such incidents under the rug because `` tabloid drama '' is quite suspicious , as if this has nothing to do with politics , its like you want people to pay as little attention to politics as possible, 
   voting yes is considered politically incorrect dude claiming `` political incorrectness '' is n't some badge of honor , like you are the cool edgy kid that goes against the established order i mean when did politics turn into high school, 
  but they are on the internet, 
   welcome to the internet and especially audience of commercial television channel . 
  which is pretty much most people, 
  i like how you think the irish are so incredibly retarded so that , when asked a question twice , they give a different answer each time . 
  in reality , the deal was renegotiated . 
  even the irish voters themselves expressed satisfaction with the 2nd referendum , as more explanations and changes to the treaty were added . 
  but i guess that does n't matter for you since apparently you think irish people are dumb as rocks . 
   an entire country of normal people with whom so many cultural and historical features are shared with pro-eu nations ca n't be simply be unreasonable , alien , and stupid . 
  what is hypocritical is that you would not be saying the same thing if this countries was overwhelmingly pro-remain , or just leftist . 
  if that was the case , i bet your rhetoric would do a 180 , and you would start talking about the idiotic leftist masses who are manipulated by the globalist elite . 
  but now the country agrees with you ( or , so you have been led to believe ) you accept the validity of the peoples ' beliefs . 
  it 's pretty much the modus operandi for the far right troll brigade . 
  do the people agree with us ? 
  long live the people !, 
  do the people disagree with us ? 
  the globalist elite are destroying the proud white race !, 
   there is no excuse , it 's a blatant sign of disrespect . 
  you skipped the part where no maltese dude wants to do it . 
  but lets get mad at the tyrannical eu anyway . 
  what a hypocrite you are . 
  yes , you can use every islamist terrorist attack to promote your agenda but god forbid others do something similar !, 
  oh the shock !, 
   that said this unfortunate event should not affect anyones ( rational ) stance on brexit in either direction . 
  is the murder a reason * in itself * to vote remain ? 
  but it should somehow affect your politics , unless you are deliberately choosing to ignore the hysteria , propaganda and violence from one side . 
  and i say `` deliberately '' because there really is n't any excuse , not even stupidity , to ignore the political aspect of this murder . 
  he legitimized violence by stating [ `` violence is the next step '' ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/nigel-farage-predicts-violence-the-next-step-if-immigration-is-not-controlled_uk_573b8f77e4b0328a838b8c9c ) . 
  but always someone will write a long post apologizing or explaining away their behavior . 
  these people are insane . 
  they are ready to do literally anything it takes to win . 
  so i guess it 's nice to have you stick up for them . 
  you are sarcastic but a scary big % of the population actually believes this, 
  nationalism, 
  what kind of memes are these ? 
  white americans complaining about not being allowed to freely speak their proud nationalist mind ? 
  political correctness has gone mad !, 
  just because you collect nazi regalia and scream `` death to traitors '' when murdering politicians , does not mean you are a nazi / s, 
  to be fair , that distinction is often hard to make, 
  please keep him you wo n't get to return him afterwards, 
  i think you forgot an / s, 
  i did n't expect someone to argue against objective data/evidence ... but there is always a first . 
  how does it work in the rest of the eu countries ? 
  wrong , you suck even at google . 
  you managed to fail even with the help of the internet you officially have no clue what you are talking about , have a nice day, 
  i 'll just keep having fun  fyi , i did n't came up with that term . 
  it 's a colloquial term used to describe people with this exact mentality/ideology . 
  who came up with this term ? 
  you 'd swear that that money was taken by aliens who just left the planet . 
  nobody talks about it . 
  greek people are complaining that the bailout money was not used for the good of the country but was to `` pay back debts '' . 
  like that is a bad thing , or an unnecessary thing even . 
  our popular culture has some unique misconceptions about how the world works . 
  fill it with greek people, 
   at least we 're up front about our motivations -- for the most part are you up front about saudi arabia ? 
  none . 
  nobody likes us . 
  we do n't like anyone too . 
  i mean it 's probably cyprus but still , it feels like nobody . 
  so you dthink that syriza has the same ideology with blacks protesting helloween . 
  where is the evidence for that ? 
  nowhere . 
  but you still support this insanely retarded premise . 
  an universities teach something else which you personally decided is `` regressive leftism '' . 
  yeah no ... nobody is buying that . 
  i do n't know , keep repeating it i guess , maybe somebody will ? 
  if this problem was so widespread , it should n't take dozens of hours , just 1 minute . 
  and the minutes you spent ** foaming at the mouth ** trying to put me down , you could have shown some of this evidence . 
  so not only are you a demonstrable liar , you also have an inferiority complex , going off the rails when somebody challenges your narrative . 
  have a nice day !, 
   because it is in the euro it is at the complete mercy of the eu . 
  no , we just did n't want to go bankrupt, 
  i do n't know if you realize this , but you are arguing against democracy all this time . 
  that is very interesting actually . 
  i 'd like to hear more about your ( bad ) experiences, 
  you are generally allowed to ask someone to back his shit up . 
  i 've done it , it has been done to many times , yet you are the only one who thinks its narcissistic to the extreme . 
  seriously man its not that weird . 
  i want you to be consistent . 
  they do n't care about the poor greek people ? 
  well you do n't either . 
  so why give a shit either way . 
  so stop pushing your agenda man , its very obvious . 
   but that is the foot work you 'll have to do on your own . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  i 'm not that one that has to dig though shit to prove you wrong . 
  again , not talking about `` you '' personally , i 'm mentioning you just for the sake of discussion . 
  here is an alternative explanation : the far right jumped on the refugee disaster to spread their propaganda full-steam . 
  it was the best thing to happen to them these last years . 
  this is why the deletions peaked . 
  but that is a lose/lose for the mods , because you either let your sub get destroying under the weight of aggressive nationalistic trolling , or get constantly accused of censoring dissent - as if endlessly repeating * hurr durr multiculturalism is bad because cultural marxists hate our white race * is some kind of discussion and not malevolent trolling . 
  so you are blaming the eu , but you are doing the same thing i.e. 
  not giving a shit ? 
  nice, 
  nice , that `` et al. '',
