  i do n't think its a coincidence man, 
   for example implying there were many such cases also i like how you take the policement 's excuses at face value . 
  `` we did n't do our job because they were brown ! '' . 
  i mean seriously man , has the accountability bar dropped so low ? 
   morality 's totally relevant , we 're talking about whether reparations should be made or not , not the cosmic injustice that is life . 
  i mean morality is irrelevant when it comes to the facts of life . 
  we * do * pay . 
   and at what point are said descendants no longer entitled to this ? 
  lets continue in the other thread, 
   fuck you , i 'm definitely not . 
  you guys have a skewed view of american politics do n't you ? 
  no , its a very valid view considering that 99 , % of your people here are virulent trumpists . 
  they attack and offend the european users who want to accept refugees , as an american would know how europe is ( or should be ) . 
   i 've never said anything about non-white settlers . 
  it 's the same to me , but you need to understand that the migrant crisis is more complex for societal reasons that you are n't acknowledging here . 
  for one thing , many european countries are what many would call ` welfare states ' and are being expected to pick of the tab for a huge influx of poor people who do n't pay into the system that they just did n't have to deal with before . 
  sure man . 
  still better to give them welfare than have them literelly take over the northen part of europe , which is what the ulsters did . 
  despite that , its know considered to be their country . 
  muslims wo n't get such a concession , not in a 1000 years . 
   i 'm not even advocating the forced removal of x generation muslims in europe . 
  i do n't get why you 've just decided i 'm some sort of white supremacist when you do n't even know my own skin tone . 
  do n't be so defensive . 
  it puts out the opposite vibe . 
   what you 're essentially advocating for is the descendants paying for the crime though . 
  so two generations of people get displaced , not just one . 
  also , i still do n't understand , at what point do the descendants lose their entitlement ? 
  no , not two people , one person is now displaced , just a different one . 
  i do n't know at which point they lose their entitlement . 
  but pretending it does n't exist because `` some time '' passed is ridiculous . 
  i imagine , ideally , people should try to reach a compromise ? 
  meet in the middle ? 
  but that is not going to happen because the people living in the house sure as shit do n't want to give it away , not even a room of it in fact . 
   i did n't bring up race - you did . 
  i 've been consistent regardless or race , stop throwing your racism narrative on me , will ya . 
  allright dude do n't get so defensive . 
  the fact that you are ok with with white settlers and not ok with mena ones was n't an accusation , but a , you know , fact . 
  i do n't think it makes you a racist and if i did i would be very clear about it , i never beat around the bush . 
  so i think its probably a cultural thing . 
  i know you are not a white supremacist  i know it sucks , i 'm not saying it 's okay , but to do otherwise would only lead to more suffering from innocents . 
  no one can control the lot they were given in life , my kids or yours . 
  they ca n't be expected to pay for their conditions of birth . 
  whether we like it or not , we all pay for the conditions of our birth . 
  this is not a moral judgement ( should we pay ? ), 
  but a factual observation ( we do pay ) . 
  morality is irrelevant . 
  i mean i personally pay for it even though i did nothing wrong so of course i 'd want others to pay too . 
  i do n't like being a sucker , in fact nobody does , its a human thing . 
  yeah i know , everyone who does n't agree with your `` old people are wiser '' rhetoric is a bigot probably i am `` literally hitler '' too right ? 
  in reality , the young and the old have always been at odds . 
  this is historically seen as well . 
  and the brexit gap between old and young is very important to just sweep under the rug , it shows a very real and measurable conflict of interest but for you i guess its just young people being `` bigots '' not able to understand the infinite wisdom of an 60 year old manual/unskilled labourer from wales who thinks that the eu is coming to take his queen away, 
  right . 
  so , to use your argument , young people are not  detached and corrupt you say these things are not age related but some posts above you critisized the young people for not crossing this magical line sounds more like a shit line tbh , maybe its a good thing they did n't cross it ? 
   did you automatically assume i 'm a trump supporter or something , is that what just happened ? 
  or were you ` just saying ' ? 
  yes , i imagine you are a trump supporter . 
  but if i am wrong , i am sorry  the migrant crisis is oodles more complex than ulster . 
  for one thing - tons of people living there are n't x generation anything , and they refuse to really integrate into surrounding communities - which makes for a lot of societal tension , as i 'm sure you 're aware of . 
  does n't matter . 
  the ulster scots refused to `` integrate '' with the irish way of life - in fact they displaced the original inhabitants and created their own unique culture . 
  this is order of magnitudes `` worse '' than what the muslims are doing this is why i assumed you are a trumpist . 
  its just such a blatant double standard , i ca n't explain it otherwise , besides it being a generic american thing ( white settlers = good , non-white settlers = bad )  also , i 'm not justifying invasion - it 's still wrong . 
  but you ca n't expect descendants of the act to pay for it . 
  this is incidentally the best justification for invasion you will find . 
  it happened to cyprus as well , literally the same thing . 
  do you want to justify invasion and violent displacement of peoples ? 
  easy . 
  just tell them that their kids will be entitled to the spoils of this invasion . 
  reparations are necessary as long as you suffer from the objective & real negative consequences your children too , they grew up in the street . 
  this is n't about `` white guilt '' as your side argues . 
  it is about objective and measurable reality . 
  and you seem to argue that if enough time passes , bad things somehow become ok i hope i am misunderstanding you because this is a demonstrably immoral viewpoint and can you even imagine the mayhem in the world if people genuinely thought this way ... ? 
  sure ill come into your house with a gun , throw you out , and when your wife has kids out in the street ... well fuck your kids . 
  they should pick themselves up by their bootstraps right ? 
   i 'm a special snowflake , because i propose that everyone is entitled to have an opinion ? 
  you pretty much replied in the way i expected you to reply , implying that i somehow said that people are not entitled to vote i actually wrote a paragraph stating just the opposite : everyone votes , it matters the same , and this is how it should be . 
  you know why i wrote this ? 
  because i knew a person like you would reply this way so you either can not read & understand simple english , or are unwilling to do so , or you just want to troll and offend people . 
  either way i have no interest in this shit and to clarify : you are a special snowflake because you think an opinion can not be more important than any other ... because reasons . 
  yes , there are actual reasons . 
  so your sarcasm is misplaced . 
  go away now . 
  i 'll allow you to vent and have the last word but dont ' expect a reply mr snowflake, 
  i am sorry to burst your special snowflake bubble but not all opinions are equally important just think of the typical example in which an educated person expresses an opinion on his field of interest , contrasted to an uneducated populist ( left-wing or right-wing ) who knows nothing about the subject and no , before you call me literally hitler , this is n't about voting , everyone 's vote counts exactly the same which is how it should be, 
  umm yes ? 
  lets say somebody invades and takes over your house and gives it to his children . 
  you are left homeless . 
  50 years later the dude is dead . 
  but you are still homeless . 
  should n't his kids , who now live in that house , have to pay for it ? 
  especially if they took full advantage of the house while you were suffering out in the cold ? 
  you seem to be arguing for some very questionable morals here, 
   you ca n't expect people alive today to pay for the acts of their ancestors that they were n't complicate in . 
  it seems this expectations only applies if you are a muslim born in europe . 
  its not your homeland , its not your continent , you are a foreigner forever , right ? 
  its funny how this changes if the `` invader '' is white ie an ulster scot . 
  and they were actual invaders/colonizers unlike muslims in europe who were originally invited in to work americans are very susceptible to this bizarre double standard . 
  it 's like , you are allowed to immigrate or even invade a country and call it your home ... * except * if you are a muslim in which case you are forever a stranger . 
  that is because you are insane,
