  you are not literally answering to any crime . 
  that would be practically impossible , since crimes are actions and thus do not ask questions nor can receive answers . 
  as an expression * it is meant to be taken figuratively * . 
  having clarified that , when someone asks a muslim woman to explain a terrorist act committed by muslims , he is obviously attributing responsibility to her . 
  i mean collective responsibility . 
  why should she be the one to explain it otherwise ? 
  because she was a scholar of terrorist motives ? 
  an expert in cross-communal religious violence ? 
  yeah . 
  wo n't be surprised if you argue that point tbh ... as for race versus religion , maybe you should adjust your headphones because no-one yelled `` racist '' to you . 
  i know you wanted that to happen but , unfortunately , it did n't . 
  so take care , 
  sorry , i guess you have never heard the term `` cultural marxism '' before . 
  i was merely wondering , who is to blame for misusing `` racial hatred '' ? 
  let me guess , cultural marxism ? 
  globalist leftist new world order ? 
  i understand your opposition to anti-hatespeech laws but pretending this guy was just `` talking about stuff '' is not only dishonest but cowardly as well . 
  you can be against these laws * and * realize that this guy is a piece of shit . 
  you do n't need to defend pieces of shit to stand up against a bad law . 
   if people say racist or anti-religious stuff , society can easily `` punish '' them if they must be punished except this does not work if society has a majority of such people . 
  that is the whole point of the law . 
  if the douchebags outnumber the sane people ( and they have , many times in human history ) then you have absolutely no defense . 
  you are totally correct but people here are identifying with him , therefore it was just a harmless prank bro . 
  he literally did , so there it is . 
  and yeah the act i linked groups religion along with race in the same legislation . 
  i thought it was obvious . 
  i do n't know what races were involved . 
  i think one was `` white '' but that is n't really a race , the whole biological basis of race is weird . 
  we are all aware that `` islam '' is n't a race but take a look at the [ racial and religious hatred act 2006 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racial_and_religious_hatred_act_2006 ) . 
  he incited hatred by basically accusing her of being an accomplice to murder . 
  i am sorry but that is what it means when people ask you to answer for crimes : it means that you are ( or should be ) responsible for them . 
  and he did this on the day after a horrific attack that left many people dead and way more people more angrier ( with good reason ) . 
  so again i can see how it was n't out of line . 
  after 9/11 many american muslim citizens were abused and beaten . 
  this is an example of what the law seeks to prevent in europe imho . 
  then do n't walk around harassing people , angrily complaining on social media on top of it ? 
  i think he kind of deserves that blight on his record . 
  look at what happened to american muslims immediately after 9/11 . 
  there were all kind of verbal but also violent attacks . 
  well , you gave a good example . 
  you would n't want the man arrested because muslims would be `` empowered '' and tensions would be stoked ? 
  it just sounds to me a terrible reason for any policy , personal or political . 
  yeah they will get mad ... so what ? 
  yeah , but if you read just the title , you can get ** angrier ** and wage your internet war against tyranny . 
  can you do that if you calmly assess the situation ? 
  nope . 
  um , same people who decide what laws we should follow ? 
  like the people who amended your constitution . 
  its not a big problem really , its more like common sense . 
  asking the important questions . 
  so lets not enforce the laws because right wingers will be offended ( and throw a tantrum too ) !, 
  i wonder , where he a muslim , would the same standard would apply ? 
  do n't arrest the muslim because they might get mad and `` stoke tensions '' ? 
  you are being annoying too , so you 'll just have to bear with it . 
  no , not anyone can tell the difference . 
  the people you saw might have been second or third generation citizens of arabic background , and you could not have told the difference . 
  you do n't even go out much ( as you said ) so you would not know much about how young people dress and behave . 
  and this is reddit , do n't get upset if someone replies to a misinformative comment of yours . 
  it happens to everyone . 
  not everyone will agree with you here . 
  he is harassing random people . 
  and not just `` harassing '' , he is basically accusing her of being accomplice to murder . 
  and he is doing it on ethnic and/or religious grounds . 
  its sounds like harmless idiocy to us but there are people who suffer greatly because of this . 
  just look at the lives of some american muslims after 9/11 . 
  they were relentlessly harassed and many times physically attacked too , all because of political propaganda . 
  btw not arguing whether the anti-hate-speech law is a good idea or not . 
  just pointing out how he is not just a harmless idiot . 
  there are laws against inciting racial hatred , so it was n't completely out of line . 
  of course someone can argue that said law is stupid , but that is a different discussion . 
   a message posted on his twitter page on wednesday morning said : `` i confronted a muslim woman yesterday in croydon . 
  i asked her to explain brussels . 
  she said ` nothing to do with me ' . 
  a mealy mouthed reply . '', 
  sounds like all of / r/europe at the moment . 
  it wo n't , but the more angry and scared people get the more likely they are to vote right wing ... so i see your point . 
  so we are allowed to make judgement after all ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  also nobody is talking about illegal migrants . 
  just thought you 'd want to know . 
  you said this is `` echos '' of civil war . 
  it is n't . 
  i do n't think the combination of rage , sadism and fearmongering will lead to anything productive , no matter your ideology . 
   marxist sounds like you have absolutely no clue what you are talking about . 
  what has marxism got to do with this ? 
  wtf ? 
  i find it depressingly common for immigrants to be against other immigrants right to seek a better life . 
  i mean you had your chance to make a new life in australia , but then bolt the doors and fuck everyone else who wants to do the same ? 
  wow man . 
  hate this break this to you but if you are discussing in an online forum about politics ... you are going to hear judgments . 
  its called a discussion . 
  if you think this has anything to do with a civil war , you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  source : had family who fought and died in a civil war . 
   forcing people with different values to live together can lead to violence ? 
  you always live with people who do not share your values . 
  its not an excuse to be violent . 
  remember , intelligence agencies are government agencies . 
  do you always have this modicum of trust in your government , or only when muslims are ( negatively ) involved ? 
   ouch . 
  that 's some harsh criticism .
