  considering people socialize with people with similar views ( duh ) its not strange to be isolated from people having the opposing view, 
  that is what you get when you insist of implementing our rules without democratic representation to argue your case so you got what you deserved if you think that a `` collapsed '' eu would be good for norway , like if you think your economy wo n't take a massive hit making your access to the job market even more difficult ... well no wonder you ca n't get a job . 
  maybe you are the problem and not the eu, 
  if you are young you see everyone around you being a normal person and voting to stay . 
  you do n't have much contact with the non-racist pensioners . 
  hence the disagreement . 
  you have an impressive division inside your society . 
  might as well be 2 different uks, 
  thanks for pointing this out man . 
  this has dawned on me the last year . 
  i always suspected it , but i truly realized it until this year . 
  it is a terrible realization . 
  i do n't know what to do with it . 
  but i guess its part of maturing as a person . 
  greek people also have this delusion it 's the freedom to make democratic choices that should be protected . 
  but there is no freedom from disrespect . 
  if you make a dumb choice , as you are free to do , people are also free to call you on your bullshit, 
  please stop validating your country 's stereotype, 
   why in the name of heck would the alt-right even care ? 
  because nobody can call them racist anymore , which is the agenda here, 
   try to build a union that people actually want to be a part of for a change ? 
  what if the people want the uk to be made an example of ? 
  as a greek person , i demand the blood of the uk we ate so much shit in order to stay in the eu , and these cunts are complaining with 5.4 % unemployment rate omg the brown men are stealing our jerbs ? 
  let them re-negotiate every treaty on their knees, 
  by making sure the uk is firmly out, 
  spoken like a true fanatic, 
   its a regressive leftist strategy that has damaged the entire western civilization . 
  damn it / pol / is leaking again, 
   i reject the idea that the eu is an institution that is keeping european savages from ripping each other apart lol sure . 
  but what caused both world wars ? 
  nationalism . 
  not only is it on the rise , it is actively breaking up the eu . 
  at this point you have to be blindly delusional to not see the pattern . 
  of course you see it , but you do n't care , since its your side that is winning and that is all that matters . 
   rather then listening to their reasoning and decisions . 
  you mean their deceitful , manipulative and objectively lying brexit campaigns ? 
  yeah we listened to that . 
  turns out that it confirms the fact that they are less educated . 
  i know right ? 
  these damn experts and their facts , what a bunch of dicks, 
   because the profits of globalization disproportionally go to the people who supplied the capital , while the working class gets to compete with those who live in low-wage countries . 
  this is ridiculous , truly a testament to orwell . 
  you can disprove that by looking up that the uk has ~ 700.000 job openings , a very low 5.4 % unemployment and a strong economy all around . 
  lets not forget , the leave supporters were old pensioners . 
  please explain to us how a pensioner has to compete for his pension ? 
   without bloodshed , without misery , ** without bullets ** , just votes . 
  i would say there were like 3 bullets involved, 
   britain witnessed increased eu migration ; which they perceived as unwanted competition for british jobs . 
  your unemployment rate is an amazing 5.4 % . 
  i would kill to have even x3 that number . 
  many countries have less jobs and a worse economy than you , yet they complain orders of magnitude less than you do . 
  i mean seriously , this is the empire thing we are talking about . 
  or , as someone else said , beyonc\u00e9 syndrome . 
  you are not as special as you think you are . 
   it 's not , however , the case of britain turning its back on europe . 
  the country wants to remain friends , be partners , and trade . 
  just not as part of the eu . 
  i get that , but as many people are saying , you wo n't get it . 
  if you do get it despite jumping ship , then yeah we might as well dismantle the eu entirely . 
  what 's the point of it ? 
   we 're not throwing a tantrum , we 're making a democratic choice . 
  it is a fit of rage because your reasons were ridiculous . 
  of course it still democratic , as it should be . 
  that does not negate the idiocy though . 
   edit . 
  downvotes because you do n't like leave 's argument ? 
  c'mon r/europe , you 're better than that . 
  i would recommend you do n't complain about the downvotes , instead take them like a man . 
  complaining about them will only see them increased . 
  it has happened to me too my friend . 
  just watch . 
  i guess that 's true , they will always have shitty food no matter how good or bad their economy is, 
  oh we talk a lot of shit against the politicians too , but you are not allowed to go against `` the country '', 
  poor folks in gibraltar . 
  they must feel like shit now . 
  i hope the countries reach a deal where their lives are not significantly disturbed ; but that may be impossible now, 
   the funny thing is by broadly stereotyping all old and white people as backwards and anti-progress is exactly what you 'd need to do to alienate them and get them to rally against your causes . 
  its a chicken or egg thing really they do reactionary shit like this and they are stereotyped , which leads to more frustration , to more reactionary shit , etc if you know a way out of it i 'm all ears, 
  all the eu carriers should implement a scheme where all the collective fees to uk nationals total # 350 million pounds per week . 
  it will be like a fixed amount each week , divided proportionally between them . 
  just to troll them, 
  the groupthink police here would not allow me to criticize my own country . 
  apparently i owe loyalty to a bunch of corrupt politicians , just because they happened to be born greek . 
  who would have thought ? 
  i read the original interview that collage was based on , and nowhere does soros say what you claim he said . 
  typical braindead conspiratard propaganda , as expected . 
   at least for armenians , and i would also argue for byzantine greeks , they were the de facto indigenous people of asia minor . 
  parts of it . 
  you can see which ones in a map . 
  but in any case , christianity was not indigenous . 
  paganism was . 
  and how did we lose that ? 
  the latins , our `` christian brothers '' from the west decided to destroy the byzantine empire . 
  and you need to learn about the era that these genocides occurred in . 
  i do n't know who told you that they were related to islam . 
  does everything bad have to be islam-related in this sub ? 
  like are there no exceptions ? 
  still sounds ridiculous . 
  they are trading with the eu , so why hate it ? 
  unless you mean to tell me that the british working class is so incredibly retarded to bite the hand that feeds it .
