  i see . 
  that 's nice to hear . 
  and i learned something from this discussion . 
  and i wish greece was more like estonia . 
   well no shit your language changed over time , but it was n't displaced by a different one . 
  every greek from plato to you could talk to their grandchildren and be understood . 
  the change was gradual , yes . 
  does n't invalidate what i said . 
  things change . 
  defending a language is stupid , let alone harmful if one considers the damage done ( see my link ) . 
  edit : to clarify what i meant about `` stupid '' , i was thinking of the case in greece where even the fucking church uses a [ different language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koine_greek ) that the real one , in their indying quest to `` preserve '' greekness . 
  so you ca n't really understand what they are saying in their liturgies . 
  how dumb is that ? 
  i was n't talking about the estonian language since i obviously do n't know much about it , so no offence meant . 
  so france was and von wallenstein was irreligious ? 
  they were n't . 
  you can say that the reasons they fought for were not religious ( which is a gross oversimplification ) but even if we grant that , the fact remains that the primary agitators were religious to the bone . 
  you do n't stop being a protestant or a catholic the moment you swing your sword , and turn back into one the moment you put it down . 
  you actually do n't have experience because immigrating to the usa is very different than , for the time being , immigrating to the eu . 
  this is why you imagine it 's just `` a few more papers '' to fill out . 
  it 's not . 
  it is a lengthy process that can be cancelled if e.g. 
  your boss is a douche and fires you after a couple of months . 
  you are fucked . 
  not to mention all kinds of rights like healthcare that may not apply anymore . 
  if you think the eu is reduced to `` a few more papers '' you really do n't know what you voted for . 
  easy for you to say . 
  but imagine having a job and a life abroad and your family members voting leave . 
  you know , these choices actually impact the lives of millions . 
  it 's not just percentage numbers on a television . 
  this has actual consequences . 
  so if your vote has detrimental effects to the lives and futures ( and maybe families ) of a lot your fellow countrymen who live all over the eu , yeah you should expect people to have a problem with you . 
  i know it is easy to create a strawman that remainers think everyone is `` literally hitler '' but that is not the case . 
  sometimes , political choices fuck people over . 
   do you really think an islamist terrorist who drives a lorry into a crowd of people knows the exact percentage of practicing christians in berlin or germany as a whole ? 
  no i do n't , which is why i think claiming that this was an attack against `` christian '' is ridiculous . 
   read any jihadist literature and it 's immediately clear that muslim terrorists view attacks against the west as part of a greater religious war against christianity jihadist literature ? 
  lol maybe start with the basics man , like what kufr means . 
  under no circumstances does it refers to christians exclusively . 
  jihadis are happy to kill european people whether they are christians , jews , shia muslims , atheists , new age crazy fucks , whatever . 
  do you know what 's funny ? 
  it actually matters to them if you are a `` person of the book '' or an atheist . 
  if there is one demographic that is subject to the worse persecution imaginable it is atheists . 
  but that does not fit the narrative of the poor victimized christians . 
  now , i do n't think i will be able to convince you . 
  you probably still think that isis has a pathological hatred for christians specifically . 
  fair enough . 
  let 's accept that for the sake of argument . 
  does that mean that trump or the afd should validate their worldview ? 
  of course not , because it does n't matter if terrorists think they are attacking a christian continent , since it is n't a christian continent . 
  christendom is not a thing anymore . 
  it has stopped being a thing since the 1st world war . 
  it is pretty much a testament to orwel that anyone thinks these attacks are anti-christian . 
  ** eastern germany , which includes berlin , is the most least religious region in the world ** . 
  framing this as an attack against christians is like an excerpt from 1984 , where black = white . 
  i meant in such threads , here in / r/europe . 
  nothing more ... 
   read again what i put silly goose and try and figure out my meaning umm i ca n't even figure out the meaning of this sentence  it sounds like they were overly certain to the determinant of the search . 
  this makes more sense . 
  i guess we can agree on this point . 
   so i 'm upgrading it to a rant . 
  lol that 's not how it works man . 
  you are being unfair, 
  why are so fixating on attacking me about it ? 
  this is a discussion and we are all making comments about the news . 
  i do n't know who made you our resident thought police officer . 
  also , do n't be certain . 
  you are , as usual , wrong . 
  and instead of complaining about it you can actually make a comment about immigration policies and see what happens . 
   south italy went from byzantine control hey that 's not fair . 
  belisarius was acted under the orders of his ( somewhat unhinged ) roman emperor . 
  it 's not like he was conquering foreign lands . 
  i do n't understand . 
  the eu abandoned the uk during the migration crisis ? 
   well if what trax1 said is accurate then that makes it sounds like they thought it was him . 
  they suspected it was him . 
  their communication was pretty clear . 
   but i guess that wo n't stop you having a rant about `` oh post facts world !!!!! '' . 
  oh come on , it just was a sentence . 
  no , it does n't sound like that . 
  nothing in their communication indicated that `` they really thought it was him '' . 
  and people give me shit if i talk about the `` post-factual '' world . 
  allright , try reading my post by ignoring these words . 
  can you do that ? 
  please try to do that and tell me how objective it looks . 
  i actually think that the `` post-factual '' era is upon us and it is very important . 
  so i use my freedom of speech to mention it , because , as i said , it is important . 
  i did not expect people to get offended by this . 
  i am sorry , but we also live in a `` post-political-correctness '' world so i can say what i want openly . 
   what gave it away ? 
  sarcasm does not work if the other person agrees with you . 
  take it from me , i am greek , we invented sarcasm . 
   i never said that you did n't , but i was referring to the implications by both trump and afd that this was an attack against christians . 
  it was n't . 
  wipe the foam off your mouth , take a deep breath and control your emotions next time before posting . 
  and i like how everyone who agreed with the shit media is now silent , or rather blaming the police . 
  do n't get me wrong , this could still be a pakistani or somali refugee . 
  but it is scary to see people go on a witchhunt before the facts are even established . 
  why take the chance ? 
  if he gets arrested , he will lose his 72 virgins .
