  not quite , because people are free to protest this decision as much as they want , even immediately following the referendum if they so desired . 
  if they have parliament on their side , which is a possibility , they should absolutely pressure their representatives as much as they can . 
  either directly or indirectly . 
  all this is within what the law allows . 
  unlike , say , shooting politicians that disagree with you . 
  but then again [ who would so such a thing ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jun/16/labour-mp-jo-cox-shot-in-west-yorkshire ) ? 
  who would dare [ agitate for violence ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/nigel-farage-predicts-violence-the-next-step-if-immigration-is-not-controlled_uk_573b8f77e4b0328a838b8c9c ) during a democratic process ? 
  the fact that you do n't accept this shows your understanding of `` democracy '' , which is merely a thin veneer for your support of mob rule . 
   only about 20 % of the `` refugees '' who arrived in greece were syrians . 
  great , then argue that you will only take in the real refugees . 
  kick the fake ones out . 
  no problem . 
  but you do n't , you oppose each and every proposal on how to handle this . 
  well honestly i did n't mean to blame anyone . 
  if nothing else , i admire farage for not giving up . 
  he did n't care where the wind blew , he was against the eu and kept fighting against it all this time . 
  what i am saying is , its hypocritical to ask one 's opponents to just bend over and accept defeat . 
  who does that ? 
  that is absurd . 
  anyone who believes that the uk is better served by being in the eu should never stop fighting for it - as long as he or she operates within the law and does n't go around shooting politicians who disagree with him * cough cough * . 
  good thing she warned us , i was just starting to forget this whole `` brexit '' thing . 
  if nationalists ( e.g. 
  the ukip ) had taken this advice we would n't be here now . 
  but despite the majority wanting the eu back in the day , they never stopped agitating against it . 
  did n't matter how small of a minority they were , they never stopped opposing it . 
  so why should anyone else accept the majority rule ? 
  your side never did . 
  your narrative is flawed . 
  the syrian civil war is not `` moral progressivist agenda '' , the civil war is a reality and refugees come out of wars whether you like it or not . 
  what you and many right wingers seem to be doing is pretending this problem does not exist . 
  it does . 
  the populists need to own up to their responsibilities as politicians and work together with everyone else to try and handle this situation - instead of constantly obstructing and agitating with hysteria and panic . 
  i mean poland was asked to take in ~ 7000 refugees and refused due to histrionics about world war 3 and clash of civilizations and what have you . 
  you are the ones putting everything at risk because you refuge to compromise for the good of the continent . 
   i 'm not even sure how to answer to that . 
  then maybe you should n't ? 
  let me just demonstrate how that is done , 
  the republic of cyprus still has de jure ownership of the island , so they are right to draw it like that . 
  the occupation which controls half the island is actually illegal and just that , an occupation . 
   i 'm always amused by how the pro-eu left i am even more amused with the anti-eu right . 
  we had decades of anti-socialist rhetoric , even reaching full blown propaganda at some points . 
  decades of being told how capitalism is amazing and how everyone should aspire to be educated and wealthy . 
  yet suddenly the wind changed if you are an educated professional you are denigrated as an `` internationalist elite '' . 
  did you hear the news ? 
  the free market is not good anymore . 
  suddenly , the free market is an enemy of the common man . 
  what used to be his greatest source of prosperity ( both individually and collectively in the west ) is suddenly his worst enemy . 
  and do n't even think of working in finance - what was once touted as a victory of the west 's financial system over socialism is now attacked as a lair of `` globalist bankers '' who hate the proud native people . 
  this is why people call you reactionary . 
  you are willing to believing in anything , do anything , vote anything , as long as it is against progress . 
  as long as it aligns with your identity politics you are willing to do anything . 
  if you thought the eu could further your nationalist agenda you would do an immediate 180 \u00b0 and start praising europe without any shame or apology . 
   both sixth form and higher education show an almost 50/50 split . 
  almost ? 
  they are roughly the same numbers ( 52 % vs 48 % ) that brexit had and you cheered that on as a clear verdict of the unquestionable majority of the people . 
  but now that the numbers do n't turn out so well for you , what happened to that definition of majority ? 
  yeah . 
  everything is cheap in theory . 
  in reality , it would take several years just to find a country that wants this ( kind of denigrating ) deal and pay or convince them to hold them for us . 
  and the eurosceptic forces are powered by ideology . 
  the uk 's eurosceptics screaming about billions of refugees invading yet their country barely took in ~ 5000 . 
  same with poland . 
  pretending that eurosceptism is a reaction to anything is just ignoring the factual numbers . 
  some of us are atheists , do n't worry about the food though , i am sorry but you will be forced to eat gyros every other day, 
  that does n't seem a realistic solution . 
  there are many reasons why , but the most important one is lack of cooperation which is primarily caused by eurospectics and other anti-eu political forces which are trying to bring down the project . 
   the only europeans in the uk who have reason to feel this way you are not really in a position to determine how anyone should feel . 
  you do n't know what it is like to be an immigrant , german or otherwise , in the uk . 
  being polite is not a uk custom . 
  is it pretty much universal . 
  everyone can be polite and rude , it 's a human thing . 
  so if you think a patron is rude to you , you can simply correct him or her without making it a national thing , since it is n't a national thing . 
  you do , when greece has half a million refugees and you throw a hissy fit and refuse to take even ~ 9000 then you do n't particularly care about your fellow europeans, 
  yeah a picture of holland has nothing to do with that but i understand the edginess , we ca n't let a massacre go to waste can we, 
  you know , it does n't have to be the same people . 
  you might like to assume that , but in reality different people are vocal about different things . 
   i 'm resigned to the idea that we 'll leave the eu do n't be . 
  the other side never gave up . 
  they were a tiny ukip/nationalist minority for decades and they never resigned . 
  their - then insignificant - minority kept screaming , agitating , spreading propaganda etc and ignored the will of the majority . 
  they gave no fucks and they won . 
  so if you feel passionately about something , do n't give up . 
  because your enemies wo n't . 
  nobody gives a shit about fairness anyway , it 's basically everything in their power to win . 
  that should be illegal, 
  i 'm just gon na ignore the top comments and go way down . 
  the bottom of this thread is like a salt mine . 
  the deeper the better the salt , especially when go into the negative comment territory . 
  they do n't say anything in public because they are afraid they will be perceived as racist . 
  then they go online and endlessly complain that they are afraid they are perceived as racists . 
  so . . none ? 
  zero ? 
  look we 've certainly heard a lot of decrying of immigration with all its negative aspects glorified . 
  i 'm not saying there are no downsides to it . 
  everything has a downside , which is why you need to have a proper discussion by bringing in the positives . 
  you seem to think that the integration of these communities is a problem in your country . 
  but would your country be the same if you did n't have these minorities ? 
  would it even be the usa ? 
  same in europe , you have to weight the things you mentioned versus the possible costs of our other courses of action . 
  gunning them down as the `` immigration skeptics '' in the [ afd ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/german-police-should-shoot-refugees-says-german-party-leader-a6844611.html ) proposed ?
