  they 'll probably see you as a bit of a sociopath . 
  yeah , if i go around saying that i would be sociopath . 
  in fact , if i go around saying the exact opposite ( * i want good things to happen to people !, 
  * ) i will also be seen as a sociopath , because its fucking weird to say these things to random people . 
  but again , claiming you represent the views of most people is kind of useless . 
  you are not speaking on anyone 's behalf . 
  this is n't high school . 
  if you got an argument about why having a negative thought makes you a bad person , go right ahead . 
  this is what i meant with thoughtcrime , by the way . 
  that someone is somehow `` bad '' because he or she has the wrong thoughts , regardless of his or her actual actions - a concept you seem to enjoy a lot . 
   either you like it or not , brexit will test a lot of things , including the economic impact of leaving the eu . 
  except the uk did not enact brexit to test any hypothesis , which was the point . 
  never heard any official or non-official claim that . 
  if you have , go right ahead and share it . 
   for example , i 'm sure the eu could easily go back to its pre-1992 status without causing any general hostility between countries or raise in xenophobia . 
  in fact , i 'm far more worried about the consequences if that does n't happen and the eu keeps being pushed to further political integration . 
  unfortunately it ca n't , because the political forces pushing for less eu are either dishonest , incompetent or crazy . 
  basically crazy nationalists . 
  if these was a modest opposition to integration , we would be having a different discussion . 
  but there are n't many , because most reasonable and educated people support the eu . 
  even if you are a reasonable and educated eurospectic , you are stuck in the team of angry reactionary ideologues . 
  also , you need to be extremely polite in your next message if you want my attention . 
  you already sound like a bitter troll , so unless you impress me with your manners you know what 's going to happen next , 
   how many people changed their mind as a result of an online argument . . good question . 
  i guess it is impossible to know , right ? 
  but i respect your attitude even if not your views , i see what you mean ( i think ) . 
   i should have the right to refuse any work i do n't like . 
  why not ? 
  because it leads to minorities and vulnerable members of society being segregated further . 
  think of it like not driving over the speed limit . 
  yes , the government restricts your freedom to go as fast as you can , but it is done for the good of society . 
   sorry i do n't see why a gay couple should adopt and destroy a children . 
  kids need a good strong example of both father and mother . 
  this is n't true , but i suspect you wo n't change your mind no matter what . 
   because it 's this year http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/come-on-it-s-2015-current-year, 
   genes do matter . 
  about half to 3/4 of iq is heritable . 
  http://www.wikiwand.com/en/heritability_of_iq that is controversial at best, 
  yeah we also know about this empire thing . 
  unlike you , we had more than one . 
  but look at where we are now . 
  here is the thing with the past : it 's over . 
  you need to accept that , or invent a time machine idk, 
   gays will be able to get state benefits originally intended for the preservation of the next generation you get these benefits regardless if you have kids . 
  having kids is not an legal obligation you have before or after getting married . 
  also gays can adopt children also if you do n't want to provide equal service to gay people , go live in russia or saudi arabia , but in the civilized world you will do just that, 
   remember reading about a brutal rape of a 10-year old boy in austria where the rapist ( a refugee ) got 6 years , then appealed to the higher court . 
  this higher court threw out the case because it accepted his excuse , which was that he had n't had sex in 4 months and was in `` sexual emergency '' . 
  that is not what happened and you should educate yourself before parroting whatever shit the alt-right posts on the internet the case was not thrown out . 
  he is still guilty but only on one charge and he will remain in custody until he is tried again . 
  this is his lawyer trying to buy him time on a technicality : `` an appeal court accepted the defence lawyer 's claim that the lower court had not done enough to ascertain whether or not the rapist had registered that the boy said no . '', 
  there is no chance he will be set free because sex with minors is illegal regardless of intent . 
  i ca n't believe people here think he just walked free because of political correctness . 
  this disconnect from reality is kind of orwellian , to be honest . 
  wow , your edgy and contrarian , non politically correct , comments are really hurting liberalism . 
  i can barely handle the edge, 
  i am sorry for what that catholic priest did to you , when you were young have some love < 3, 
  still ca n't tell, 
  man , you have the density of a dying star and greek too ? 
  you should know better when it comes to these matters, 
  i like how you get mad when people do n't accept your random numbers, 
  so basically no matter what , the eu will always be evil, 
  that would all make sense if we were doing science in a lab , and the resulting observations did n't cost anything to anyone . 
  and even if we were talking about science , it would n't be weird . 
  like i am sure the researches * wanted * the higgs boson to be found . 
  but more importantly , when did we establish thoughtcrime ? 
  did n't know it made me a bad person to want something bad . 
  because i think it 's largely irrelevant : whatever i feel about the uk is completely pointless in the face of numbers . 
  the numbers decide who is right , not my subjective emotions . 
  but i 'll even grant that : let 's assume there is thoughtcrime . 
  it is pretty weird that the people who * want * the eu to collapse and thus affect the lives of millions of people are rarely seen as evil . 
  they are generally seen as proud concerned citizens who simply love their country . 
  how dare we question that , right ? 
  so it seems like a very one-sided case of thoughtcrime . 
   rather than using how the uk does to test their hypothesis i do n't think you seriously believe that . 
  brexit is not a test of any hypothesis , nobody has ever claimed that , even the most fanatical brexiters . 
  the movement is pretty much ideological , which is the exact opposite of having hypotheses and then testing them . 
   if it turns out that the eu is unnecessary you should n't be unhappy because it will have been a misguided project in the first place . 
  just for emphasis : take a look at my first sentence again . 
  this is n't science . 
  the collapse of the eu , if it comes about by brexit and not some other rational process , will lead to increased conservativism , xenophobia and general hostility between the former nations . 
  and before you are triggered by me using the mean term `` xenophobia '' , let me elaborate . 
  if the eu goes down , it wo n't be trippy liberals who will hold the reigns . 
  it will be the reactionary populists who want to turn back the clock to * older * times and have been extremely clear and honest in their intentions . 
  not sure if trolling or serious, 
   we 'll get there eventually with any luck . 
  well , the old people have to die if we are to get there . 
  i do n't mean murder , i mean natural causes which leads to them being replaced with progressive younger voters and for that thankfully no luck is required , just mother nature doing her part, 
  yeah i do n't think your reluctance is the problem . 
  i think i speak for most people when i say that it 's perfectly reasonable to be reluctant in this experiment the problem lies in lying . 
  take in as much refugees you want , do n't take in anyone , but do n't be dishonest in your narrative of the uk 's relationship with the eu . 
  this is what irks people . 
  you got a good deal and you are still claiming that the brussels wants to rape your country . 
  but such is politics . 
  it 's the most outrageous morons that get their voices heard - and they are the tail that wags the dog . 
  this is why i think it 's not possible for brexit to be for the betterment of both parties . 
  politicians and the media will exploit it to no end to inject even more hysteria , esp . 
  if your economy takes a hit, 
   great question . 
  the answer is obvious there is this thing called a rhetorical question , look it up  all it takes is someone to call it out , and the house of cards tumbles .
