  only they have enough information to decide . 
  germany does it pretty good where you have to undergo mandatory counseling before you choose to have an abortion . 
  they let you know that you will be supported financially and with finding accommodation if you chose to proceed with the pregnancy . 
  but the final choice has to rest with the woman . 
  i am not sure . 
  if you mean in this sub , yeah it seems to be most people . 
  did you miss the `` if '' in my statement ? 
  and whatever your view is , that issue needs to be mentioned . 
  this is what `` progress '' looks like . 
  it is illegal to kill your children . 
  implying it is the same as with abortion is the real problem in this debate and why people will forever be divided on this issue . 
   but they should be aware of what they are doing . 
  i think they are aware , which is why people demand control over their own reproductive systems . 
  who know how is n't aware ? 
  people who are denied sexual education by their religious parents or society . 
  the usa 's bible belt has [ a lot of abortions ] ( https://datadrivenviewpoints.com/2013/06/18/teen-pregnancy-and-the-bible-belt/ ) and iirc a lot of stds . 
  [ a 11 year old girl died ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/11-year-old-paraguay-girl-denied-abortion-after-being-raped-by-stepfather-gives-birth-10455520.html ) because she was raped by her step-father and forced to give birth to that child orwell was right if you think this is progress . 
  this goes against observed history . 
  people call progress because advanced societies tend to move in similar directions of course this is n't a law , this is n't science , we are just observing trends that largely hold true over time . 
  one would be foolish to ignore that and jump on the relativism bandwagon instead, 
   so what good do it do having fear and loathing shoved down your throat everyday ? 
  it gets their parties elected . 
  fear brings in the votes . 
  this is what it all comes down to anyway, 
  post-truth , wordpress journalism never gets old, 
  i 'm guessing that you are `` pro-choice , but ... '', 
  they do oppose people and they want to treat it just like murder . 
  they feel it is the same as killing babies . 
  thing is , it is politically incorrect to say the above . 
  so they just keep silent and pretend to play nice . 
  but just wait when a strongman is in control , you will see people coming out of the woodworks , demanding women be charged with murder when having an abortion . 
  this is how people are . 
   why is it ok to decide about life of unborn child why is it ? 
  why do you think you should get to decide ? 
  i love how i can tell your opinion by your comment . 
   i was n't trying to be condescending , but i find it hard to interpret going on a tangent about how stupid christianity is , as anything but ranting for the sake of it . 
  it 's not constructive , all it tells people is that you ca n't put your own biases aside when discussing religion . 
  you were not trying hard enough . 
  i just said that either way , the idea stupid . 
  clearly a neckbeard atheist hating christianity right ? 
  who cares anyway . 
  not like anyone will change his or her mind, 
  i suspect you will get downvoted today too . 
  do policemen really stop you and check your bells ? 
   i 'm sorry it is upsetting you . 
  please consider my taking back this term . 
  ( and i did not say smug ) . 
  but please also start considering the daily life of your citizens instead of the sum of their activity . 
  there are way more things happening than a number on a term sheet . 
  please do not reduce them to numbers . 
  numbers are objective . 
  one could say , they are all we have . 
  when we talk about daily lives we are talking about anecdotal stuff i.e. 
  our bubble . 
   please specify these assumptions . 
  and no , we never had full employment . 
  and again why tank the salaries when you do have it ? 
  for the job stealing , i can refer to the two instances i witnessed this year . 
  you can read about it here , if you have the energy to go actually read it . 
  the relevant part is starting at the middle . 
  you are assuming that the job position would even exist if they could secure local labor . 
  you might not believe this , but i work in the same industry and an an immigrant doing that job . 
  i know for a fact that it is next to impossible to hire locals because they are so rare and highly sought after . 
  the population is shrinking , after all . 
  most ne countries ca n't satisfy demand . 
  my ex was a nurse and they desperately need medical personnel . 
  there are a lot of companies that would not exist if they did not have access to this labor . 
  in fact , sometimes it is difficult to even hire immigrants so they just outsource whole projects to other countries . 
  which is what would happen if you banned immigration . 
  this is generally known as the `` lump of labor '' fallacy . 
  there is not a fixed number of jobs in a society . 
  and about the wages , i think wages in the uk fell during 2007-2015 . 
  but they also increased by a larger margin in germany , which has also taken in a lot of immigrants . 
  anyway this is the first time i 've heard a dev ( ? ), 
  feeling this way . 
  maybe there are more of you and you hide your resentment . 
  that is a depressing thought . 
  right , i do n't doubt that . 
  what i meant is that the wikileaks things was a smear campaign , basically information released at the best possible moment in order to swing the elections . 
  the information is legit in itself , but the issue is how they used it . 
  if they released it 6 months ago , comey would have said that [ no criminal charges are recommended ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/06/fbi-director-hillary-clinton-email-investigation-criminal-james-comey ) 5 months ago and the election result would not be as affected . 
  this shit is acknowledged by wikileaks themselves . 
  they have a policy of releasing information for `` maximum impact '' . 
  which is a result of having a policy of curating their releases , or as they say `` we will publish all submissions we received that adhere to our editorial strategy . '', 
  also , they did not release anything of trump because they decided it was n't important enough . 
  read [ their recent ama ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/5c8u9l/we_are_the_wikileaks_staff_despite_our_editor/ ) . 
  it blows my mind that they just admitted to all this . 
  do n't think i 've done it on reddit tbh, 
  well i mean it is named al jazeera + . 
  at least we got that . 
  if breitbart was named alt right + , then it would be the same ( and also more honest because that 's what they are ) . 
   only 1 thing works these days - appeasement no , that only makes them stronger . 
  they will take this appeasement as positive feedback to their insanity and double down on it . 
   as long as your selfish and material and `` cultural '' needs are satisfied , everything else can go to hell . 
  mind your attitude . 
  people can have any priorities they want in life and i do n't understand why you get mad about it ? 
  did he steal your lunch money or something ? 
   again with the fucking economics . 
  put down that marxist bullshit . 
  brannon himself said he was an economic nationalist .
