  well i see what you are saying but if you follow that logic then you end up in the land of nightmares . 
  imagine their isp denying them internet access because the customer service guy is a muslim and does n't want to support them spreading that gay stuff online . 
  maybe they should not be sold pen and paper too , because that will be used in their conference next week . 
  no house to rent because they are known gay campaigners and living in a neighborhood would increase the support for gayness in that place . 
  and so on . 
   do you think that they should also be compelled to make a cake that says `` kill the jews '' ? 
  pretty sure that 's illegal too, 
  selling a product with is not endorsing a political point . 
  they were not asked to be part of a political campaign nor vote for anyone nor do a fundraiser nor go around distributing political fliers . 
  they were just asked to do their job , one that has nothing to do with politics . 
  there is no logical way you can argue that baking a cake equates to supporting a political point . 
  what gets me is that they did n't even try to be coy about it . 
  just make up an excuse you retards . 
  or rather , have someone else bake it , i mean it is a chain of bakeries , i am sure they could find a non-homophobe cook to do that shit . 
  but they were so brazen and so unapologetic in their homophobia that it honestly gives me schadenfreude to see them lose . 
  honestly , i just thought the title was funny . 
  like what kind of morons are discussing about `` gay cakes '' . 
  what is a gay cake anyway , a cake that sucks the dicks of cakes of the same cake-gender ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  but then i actually read it and i sadly realized that is the typical morons whining that they are being persecuted because the 21st century has surpassed their religious idiocy . 
  very similar to the `` gay cake '' in the us that the media was obsessed with a year ago . 
  anyway i think both versions make your claim of `` reasonable debate '' less likely to be true . 
  i do n't think anyone is complaining about discrimination against ideas . 
  i mean the idea itself is powerfully retarded - ideas do n't materially exist nor have feelings or emotions . 
  what people and the law have a problem with is discrimination against people , as ashers did , by unlawfully denying them the same quality service as everyone else . 
  so that gay campaigner dude can suck it ( i guess both figuratively and literally ) while playing the world 's smallest violin for homophobes at the same time . 
  i imagine it would be quite entertaining . 
  i wonder what george orwell would have to say if he was still alive and read this shit . 
  i see . 
  why is your parliament more subservient than the uk one ? 
  i think that is your internal issue ( and a very serious one , obviously ) but one not directly caused by the eu . 
  you can always become independent and join the eu , thus increasing the power of your own parliament and achieving equality with the ( former ) uk . 
   the uk parliament is n't quite to subservient and whilst laws are n't automatically struck down , they are effectively dead in a political sense if a judgement goes against the government . 
  since being in the eu is voluntary , arguments for lack sovereignty are pointless . 
  the uk willingly subjegted itself to some regulations in order to reap various rewards - the idea being that the net benefit is greater for your nation . 
  think of it like me having a job . 
  i am under a lot of obligations , but i think its well worth it . 
  i am not a slave . 
  it is all voluntary and i am getting a great deal out of it . 
  i lose freedom for 8 hours yet i earn money and healthcare which grant me massive amounts of freedom . 
  anyway the problem here is that people seem to think that merely * voluntary joining a collective * equals lack of sovereignty . 
  at best this is just a semantical issue and at worst its political propaganda . 
  well maybe it seems desperate to you , but not everyone . 
  this was an extremely close call for a colossal issue . 
  if you make such close calls , your population will naturally become agitated because they are split nearly down the middle . 
  this is how human societies work and this is why politicians usually wait for clear consensus before implementing such extreme policies . 
  but by all means , paint them as retarded teens having hissy fits . 
  have fun man . 
  let 's just have this conversation in one or two years after brexit has started and the effects of this decision become clear . 
  we can talk about desperation then . 
  the same way they `` controlled '' non-eu immigration ? 
  it 's such a dishonest and bullshit argument . 
  i mean either they did n't want to restrict immigration or they just could n't do it . 
  does n't matter what the reason is - point is they did n't do it . 
  so if they really wanted to control immigration , they would have just stopped importing people outside the eu . 
  this way they would reduce immigration by more than 50 % * and * keep their economy and pound intact . 
  they could have * massively * reduced immigration without hurting their eu relationships . 
  not to mention , eu immigrants are demonstrably a net gain . 
  so it 's not like they would lose . 
  so it would be a win-win . 
  it would be a reasonable choice , one that the right has been pretending to hold for a long time now : you keep only the good , skilled , non-parasitic immigrants that actually contribute . 
  but of course , as we all know now , reality is different . 
  brexit was a tory feud that spiraled out of their control due to decades of antieu media propaganda . 
  everybody will manage anyway . 
  that is not the point . 
  i do n't think anyone expects brexit to be the literal and final end of uk . 
  the point is that this will suck . 
  losing business is never good . 
  and obviously most startups fail , yet new ones are created again and again ( like an endless circle of bad code ) and people have jobs and money ends up in the community . 
  you realize brexit was very close , right ? 
  i mean you do n't sound particularly unbiased here either . 
  reasonable debate :  ` gay cake ' ruling is a defeat for freedom of expression , says gay rights campaigner peter tatchell top comment :  the bakers were not discriminating against homosexuals . 
  but of course you would find that to be `` reasonable debate '' . 
  half your post history is you screaming against alleged billions of muslim invaders . 
  allright . 
  dozens of people are assuming the poll is valid here , actually our uk friends are quite triumphant about the results of this `` invalid '' poll , hence my reply . 
  sorry about any confusion . 
  * except if you are a nationalist , in which case you should keep agitating and demanding stuff despite being a minority of the population, 
  dude your post history makes it extremely obvious that you are a troll please make a new account and try again . 
  this one is dead in the water, 
  so you are saying that this poll is wrong too ? 
  why are we even discussing it then . 
   you spastic , i understand . 
  i 'm saying what other people thought and what was a rather common consensus . . 
  which is why you are irrelevant . 
  let me try to recap because you seem to have the attention span of a kitten . 
  this was the quote :  more people approve of theresa may 's performance regarding the ongoing negotiations over brexit there are no ongoing negotiations . 
  may setting a red line is not `` ongoing negotiations '' . 
  it is your language so it is embarrassing that you do n't understand what the words mean . 
  go buy a dictionary or something and do n't waste my time . 
  why would you compare it with something that was obviously wrong ? 
  i mean the pro-brexit crowd kept saying how shitty the polls were - and they were correct . 
   people before brexit thought we might join the eea , we might be able to negotiate limits on freedom of movement . . 
  they thought wrong . 
  please try and understand that . 
  just because you thought something was negotiable does not mean that actual negotiations took place . 
   that has all been dispelled now . 
  everyone knows where we stand . 
  we 're going hard brexit . 
  you still do n't get it .
