  yeah thanks but no thanks . 
  is there a danish ( or french ) law that says you ca n't apply for benefits if you have been incarcerated ? 
  honest question . 
  i ask because being muslim does not mean that a different set of laws apply to you . 
  wtf do you mean turks ? 
  they are greeks . 
  they are not `` your '' muslims anymore - you gave them away and you ca n't have them back now . 
  so they will be stateless ? 
  what happens if someone has no citizenship at all ? 
  if they violate some anti-hatespeech law , ca n't they just charge them with that and be done with it ? 
  this is a very unusual punishment and it does n't sound very effective . 
  me too . 
  its pretty awesome . 
  as you might know our muslim minority is very segregated and treated with suspicion and even open contempt . 
  i am very surprised they are not radicalized . 
  listening to the nationalist narratives full of muslims trying to destroy greece and the west , one would expect thousands of greek isis fighters . 
  but so far zero . 
  hope it stays that way . 
  no but you get an a for effort . 
   i 'm pretty sure you are trying to be sarcastic . 
  what gave it away ? 
  i am not being sarcastic now . 
  what i satirized is an opinion i 've read dozens of times here , so its not like i made it up . 
  unfortunately . 
  also nobody has equated arson with murder so that is a strawman . 
  a very original one too . 
  now , comparing which violence is `` worse '' is pretty complicated , compared to just counting the dead from an ( very conveniently chosen ) arbitrary point in time onwards . 
  personally , i do n't see the point . 
  its just another cheap rhetorical trick to detract us from the existence of fascists in that rally . 
  like saying : * so what if there were some fascists in the rally ? 
  muslims have killed more people the past years so in your face you regressive leftists !, 
  * its just an infantile , transparent version of [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  holy shit the comments on that video . 
  first comment a greek nationalist who writes `` hitler was right '' in his channel , congratulating the hooligans for crashing the vigil . 
  but hey maybe he is not a racist , lets not jump to conclusions here , enough with the political correctness . 
  if their points is to be hypocrites , then yes . 
  no my friend , no / s in that post . 
  he or she literally believes this , gets upvoted as well . 
  its like we are part of a a george orwell book . 
  stop it with that political correctness , you regressive leftist . 
  being an ultra nationalist who does nazi salutes does not automatically make you a racist . 
  damn that word has lost all meaning !, 
  next thing we 'll be calling `` racists '' the people who stab and beat immgirants !, 
  he might as well start with `` zeus lightning caused way more damage to greece than any invasion ever could '' and it would make the same amount of sense . 
   some disgruntled football hooligans are a legitimate danger to society ? 
  who are you responding to ? 
  i did n't say the idiots in this protest are a danger to society themselves . 
  i also liked how you totally ignored their political aspect . 
  just some crazy football hooligans , lol , they are not political at all , in fact they were n't doing nazi salutes but calling out offsides . 
  and please do n't tell others what they should be doing `` as a member of x nationality '' . 
  its just wrong and downright dumb . 
  sorry but it is . 
  you are not the one to be lecturing me on what i should be doing as a greek person . 
   many of them did a lot of nazi salutes and they were fighting a lot , but mostly with each other ( no idea why ) . 
  seems like they were having a mini-kristallnacht, 
  unbelievable . 
  you really believe this ? 
  nah , i do n't believe that you seriously believe this . 
  you ca n't . 
  i respect your opinion but i do n't think its rooted in fairness . 
  not bashing you , just saying , its all anecdotal , which applies my opinion as well , of course . 
  nobody knows how many times it is a mischaracterization and how many times it is n't . 
  personally i 've yet to encounter it , yet people here are screaming that their lives are in danger form the pc brigade . 
  i do n't know what to think . 
  also , you always have a choice who to hang out with . 
  its called personal responsibility . 
  no excuses . 
  conservatives have called a number of terrible things ( way worse than `` racist '' or `` fascist '' ) but you do n't see me joining the raf do you ? 
  these are just excuses . 
  have an upvote . 
  stewart lee satirizes the idiocy perfectly . 
  these people get so mad if you point out that nazi salutes are , in fact , a sign of racist behavior . 
  but do n't you dare call them racist !, 
  there are people here that think exactly this way . 
   they dared to question how we deal with muslim integration article :  the group confronted muslim women in the crowds , made nazi salutes and chanted * insanity intensifies *, 
  i am happy you see it that way but try using the same logic in this sub and see what happens . 
  the `` just a few bad apples '' thing does not apply to muslims , unfortunately . 
  yeah , what a fool he is . 
  he forgot that you are allowed to do that only if they are muslim !, 
  if they are not muslim , lets not rush to conclusions , it was just a few bad apples etc. 
  why do n't you just come out and say it ? 
  there is no `` right wing extremist '' violence . 
  its all made-up by the regressive left to brand their ideological opponents as `` racists '' and destroy their lives . 
  the terms left and regressive left are so specific . 
  lets label everyone like that . 
  that stupid bbc . 
  they saw a bunch of people doing nazi salutes and they assumed they were fascists ? 
  political correctness has run amok . 
  just because someone is doing a nazi salute does not mean he is a racist . 
  its probably the `` regressive left '' that has labeled him as such because they hate people who love their countries . 
  there are ? 
  strange because if you listen to conservatives you 'd swear that there are no fascists or racists anymore , 100 % of the time its a nation-loving native who is mischaracterized as such by the evil left . 
  i remember when golden dawn was growing , their supporters were screaming `` we are not racists , but . . '' the same moment on of their elected mps was supporting eugenics on live television . 
  i like that logic . 
  lets imagine they were muslims , and some `` ultra-jihadi '' elements slipped among them and started chanting `` behead those who insult islam '' and all that . 
  can you imagine the shitstorm ? 
  they would all be deemed terrorists or terrorist sympathizers , lets deport them , etc. 
  but the people in question are white conservative natives , so its not a big deal !, 
  some bad people just `` slipped in '' unnoticed and made a couple of nazi salutes , nobody noticed them anyway , not a big deal , just because they made nazi salutes does n't mean they are racist / s, 
  apparently there are no fascists anymore .
