  then arachnophobe , etc. 
  now you are offended by `` detractor of iimmigration '' . 
  can you please forward me a list of the words that offend you and the ones that do n't ? 
  i will forward it to my lord soros myself . 
   clearly what he meant still does n't make sense . 
  either you think self-reported data is useful or not . 
  you ca n't cherry pick it to reach your biased conclusion , as your friend did . 
   of all the people to accuse other users of having a bias ... you have no standing i do . 
  i admit it . 
  my bias is known and i am happy to explain it to you if you want . 
  i do n't get banned , whine , create a new account every time and shitpost until i get banned again . 
  all while i pretend to be a `` concerned citizen '' who just cares about europe , when i am probably an angry american altzi . 
  you mean arguments like the one you made ? 
   people like theogr have pro-migrant biases , are still around you are funny . 
   the hot topic is whether the recent influx of refugees are able to integrate . 
  this study does n't give useful information on that end . 
  i think the hot topic is just that : whether `` foreigners '' can integrate . 
  populists say no . 
  the fact that there is another question about refugees does not make this question less important . 
  unless you think the media should be tackling one and only one issue at any given time , worldwide ? 
  good to know . 
  but why was this done ? 
  does the polish government ( ? ), 
  not think that evolution is important anymore ? 
   stop associating with left-wing anarchists , masks and all , and do a better job at appealing to independents and moderates . 
  was clinton associated with `` anarchists '' ? 
  does n't matter because she and her party won the popular vote by a massive margin . 
  trump lost that vote by the biggest margin in us history . 
  as an outsider , it does n't seem to me that the democrats have an `` image '' problem . 
  they have a niceness problem . 
  they need to become cynical cunts who are willing to burn their country to the ground if they do n't have 100 % of the discussions go unquestionably their way . 
  this is the only way they * might * win . 
  tl/dr ; stop behaving like normal people . 
  it does n't work . 
  look at what kind of people you are facing and adjust accordingly, 
  reading such posts it almost sounds like isis won . 
  not blaming or judging you btw . 
  you have beliefs and you stand for them so your stance is reasonable . 
  it is just sad that you have to make these choices in this day and age . 
   there are a lot of people suffering from job loss as a result of automation technology and globalisation . 
  you mean like in the usa where unemployment is at a very low 4.9 % , which is almost pre-recession levels ? 
  all this happened under obama btw . 
  but we all know how the media works , giving [ more hype to trump for allegedly saving 1,000 jobs than obama and his real 16 million jobs ] ( http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-trump-jobs-obama-20161202-story.html ) . 
   `` he is probably good for business '' i 've heard this often . 
  they usually say it right after they 've said `` we need someone to fight the corrupt corporate elites '' . 
  but now its back to business as usual, 
   as much as democrats like to claim `` fool play '' when talking about wikileaks , the content of these emails does n't seem to be fake nobody said the content was fake . 
  the `` foul play '' refers to the fact that only one side had its emails leaked . 
  the other had nothing leaked ( despite wikileaks actually having something but [ deciding not to release it because it was n't `` good '' enough ] ( http://theweek.com/speedreads/645239/julian-assange-tells-megyn-kelly-why-wikileaks-isnt-releasing-dirt-donald-trump ) ) . 
  propaganda is exactly that : partial truth . 
  it 's not outright lying . 
  it is omitting parts of the truth and promoting others . 
  not to mention , deciding when and how this information is released . 
  it would be interesting to see whether any emails from fillon are `` coincidentally '' leaked just before the election . 
  if that is true it would be interesting to know why they stopped focusing on evolution . 
  it does n't make much sense . 
  why would someone mention them if they are not included ? 
  as for the actual reason , please drop them an e-mail asking them . 
  i am afraid its not an either/or situation anymore . 
  i mean , trolling ( i.e. 
  aggressively shouting shit in a discussion to destroy it ) seems to be part of their political agenda . 
  or rather , their worldview . 
  the line between what constitutes trolling and expressing a political opinion is too blurred to safely make a distinction . 
  yup , that is what i noticed . 
  they want to turn / r/europe into / r/worldnews . 
  poster is probably an american from the_donald do n't expect him to actually know these things, 
   of course they like germany , they came there from thousands of miles away and it 's a generous welfare state . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
   the author of the study , sociologist sabine pokorny , conducted extensive interviews with ** three groups of roughly 1,000 people each : resident aliens , german citizens who either were not born in germany or have one parent born elsewhere , and citizens from longer-standing german families ** i 'm not sure which of these people traveled thousands of miles to leech off welfare , as your post implied . 
  also who asked `` if they like germany '' ? 
  i could n't find that question in the article . 
   self-report data is not particularly useful . 
  but i found this funny do you understand what a blunder that was ? 
  you disagree with self-report data when they do n't fit your agenda ( integration ) but unquestionably accept the same self-reported data when they fit your agenda ( muslims are bad people ) . 
  and you have a new account as well , what got you banned last time my populist friend ? 
  anyway sounds like this article pissed people off , 58 % upvoted lol . 
  you forgot to mention political correctness and muslims . 
  your post does not have enough drama and outrage . 
  is everyone equally authoritarian or anti-authoritarian ? 
  that would be a massive coincidence . 
   even going as far to send out a minister to say how the women of poland had taught the government `` humility '' to make sure the youth and women vote for them did n't fall through the floor . 
  this is almost impossible to believe . 
  do you maybe have a source ? 
  i 'll translate it online if you got one . 
  does it promote creationism or not ? 
  hello fellow me . 
  grew up in a small city in the countryside . 
  i know exactly how you feel . 
  move to a bigger city or abroad . 
  let 's drain the countryside . 
  it is already happening the past few decades anyway . 
  it always amuses me that people are willing to believe the most absurd shit like pizzagate ( allegedly , clinton is a satanist who rapes and kills kids ) but turn into dawkins-level skeptics the moment russians are mentioned . 
   it does n't protect european values in any sense because it defines european values as something foreign to many europeans it also defines european values as something many europeans identify with . 
  conservative nationalists are not the majority anyway . 
  but it is easy to get caught up in the bubble . 
  but that 's my point . 
  people are still attracted to national socialism , in large numbers . 
  they are a real problem . 
  communists have died off , they do n't matter in any country - except maybe in greece . 
  but even here , the neo-nazis outnumber them .
