  well me too and i 'm happy we agree ( no sarcasm ) , but unfortnately this is n't really the point . 
  stripping someone 's citizenship is highly controversial and there better be evidence that the previous laws do n't work before going with the nuclear option ... 
   and since they will come in big batches , it 's likely they 'll get isolated , wo n't integrate and will be susceptible to radicalization . 
  do you think they 'll radicalize enough to deny women their reproductive rights ? 
  i keep hearing people asserting this , again and again , but unfortunately without any evidence . 
  there is nothing left of christiantity . 
  if you think the modern european world has any christian influences left in it , you have forgotten what christian societies looked like . 
  they were very , very , * very * different than the progressive world of today . 
  christianity is more like a ghost at this point , rather than any cultural force that shapes our societies ( which it does n't ) . 
   for most of history , christian values meet the end of the road at irrational suicidal behavior . 
  maybe for the first one or two centuries , before christians wormed their way into power and inflicted their murder back ( which actually happened for most of history ) ? 
  some people take their national self-identification seriously . 
  even atheists . 
  they do n't like to feel excluded because a politican decides to cater to the religious and i think its a sensible complaint . 
  religion matters only when islam is involved . 
  if a ( self-proclaimed ) christian country or ( self-proclaimed ) christians do anything bad , its always `` politics '' or at worst `` misinterpretation '' . 
  on the other hand , muslims always interpret their shit 100 % correctly . 
  who the hell is `` we '' ? 
  it took some balls to say what he said . 
  he is indeed a brave man , even though i disagree with what he said . 
   i identify as irreligious/atheist myself , but many people just fail to see the christian influences in our contemporary societies . 
  atheist here too , yet i fail to see it . 
  seems to me we are in love with the * idea * of christian influences , but not the influences themselves - which are minimal or non-existent . 
  he should say : anglican country or anglican values , because i know a lot of greek orthodox priests who would regard all that stuff to be heretical and not christian at all . 
  i do n't know why , but your comment is vaguely disturbing . 
  i do n't know much about portuguese women but i imagine a man needs to be involved for them to become pregnant ? 
  there need to be some kind `` politics of age '' , for lack of a better term . 
  you have all kinds of divisions like left vs right , immigrants vs natives , progress vs tradition , etc etc. 
  but age is virtually unheard of . 
  old vs young people is a very crucial power dynamic in a society , if not the most crucial one . 
  we are seeing the effects of it now . 
  what about the times when none of them are intact ? 
  the guys on the ground will be getting some very mixed signals . 
  it might actually defeat the purpose of the airdrops . 
  how are you going to deliver the flyers if the package explodes ? 
  paper is highly vulnerable to flames and explosions . 
  see i keep telling you guys that your solutions are impossible , but you do n't listen . 
  100 years ago it would be illegal to be gay ( since you mentioned them ) so that is a moot point . 
  i do n't know if said laws are not enough . 
  do you expect hatespeech to disappear because some people made a law against it ? 
  maybe the laws are working , maybe they are not . 
  for me , its more troublesome that its impossible to get objective info due to everyone screaming his or her own agenda . 
  its either do n't touch the muslims or deport them to a random country ( people have asked for this , i 'm not joking ) . 
  so yeah we 're gon na be stuck with this problem for some time . 
  its a very justified fear . 
  not all lines are arbitrary , yet this one is . 
  it does n't hold up to any rational examination and , even worse , its a very effective tool to use against minorities , or a specific minority ( muslims ) . 
  so i guess only if you are ok with that , you wo n't be afraid . 
  lets be honest , its a populist proposal . 
  not much thought went into it . 
  when they preach hate , sure . 
  the question is : do you ? 
  because we already have anti-hate speech laws but apparently they are not enough for you . 
   what you europeans do n't understand , is that as long as you do n't belong in a high risk group , you probably wo n't come across any danger . 
  ftfy . 
  i admit , i do n't understand this deep philosophical analysis . 
  which is n't really a plan . 
  saying `` do nothing until we figure it out '' is the opposite of a plan . 
  considering that he wants to be the president and has claimed to be super intelligent and awesome , i 'd expect him to have worked together a ( at least barebone ) plan at this point . 
   that 's a scary thought . 
  its not scary if this applies only to muslims , and you are not a muslim . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker , but does n't `` may not '' mean that you do n't have permission to do something ? 
  like saying `` japan is not allowed to extradite them bla bla bla '' . 
  honest question since i am not 100 % certain . 
  just to clarify , i 'm not trolling or implying anything negative . 
  i think your opinion has merit hence why i am discussing it . 
  if you decide to strip people of their citizenship , it should be done regardless of religion/race/gender / background/whatever , but only based on the crime they committed . 
  i do n't think i have to explain this further . 
  pretty much . 
  its freedom of speech to offend muslims and/or leftists . 
  if your speech turns against conservative values , do n't expect the same kind of support . 
  you mean : stripping citizenship for having the wrong opinion * while being muslim * . 
  any other kind of extremist - whether a militant marxist revolutionary or a neo-nazi - wo n't have his citizenship stripped , no matter how much hate he spews . 
  only when muslims are involved do we see this support for stripping one 's citizenship . 
  which is strange , because its such a ineffective and weird punishment . 
  would n't putting them in jail make more sense ? 
   the immigration control authority may not extradite the foreign national unless the said nation accepts the foreign national . 
  so its the opposite of what you said ? 
  not trying to be a dick here but this supports my point : you ca n't deport people somewhere where they do n't want them . 
  its exactly what i said before . 
  well at least you are proposing a diplomatic solution which might be feasible , contrast to `` i do n't care just put them on a plane to anywhere '' . 
  it was tongue-in-cheeck  and i agree with your premise that muslims or turkish origin are not radical at all . 
  i do n't know how you do it ( kemal ? ), 
  but its nice . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  any sources ? 
  it is your problem because its literally impossible . 
  i am not discussing the morality of deporting them to a random country , i 'm just saying its impossible . 
  did you ask their parents country of origin if it wants them back ? 
  or do you imagine they just fly over that country and drop them off with a parachute ? 
   80 % of the french are for stripping of citizenship in case of terrorism charges . 
  terrorism charges ? 
  according to the article , this refers to :  imams preaching a view ` contrary to danish morals ' are ` disturbing the public order ' is this the same as `` terrorism charges '' ? 
  or when muslims are involved we automatically bump the charge up to `` terrorism '' ? 
  great !, 
  looking forward to when they will strip radical right-wingers of their citizenship . 
  edit : i guess losing your citizenship applies only to muslims . 
  if you are a non-muslim , you can literally be a serial child molester and nothing will happen to your citizenship . 
   and be sent to jail and once out of jail they can ask for benefits ?
