  where was that reported ? 
   people have a need to believe in something greater than themselves to give them a sense of meaning/etc no . 
  evidence : literally every atheist . 
  some people want to believe , some people need to believe , some people are forced to believe and some do n't believe at all . 
  we are different . 
  also stop arguing against strawmen . 
  you even put quotes around your strawman . 
  did you see anyone say `` islam is no different from other religions , all religions are equally bad '' ? 
  of course you did n't but you needed to rant . 
  how can words be damaging ? 
  political correctness ? 
  username checks out, 
  they are usually culturally christians , you know the kind that says `` i 'm not a christian , but ... '' . 
  same people that would have you respect the christian religion and its alleged contributions to `` our '' culture . 
  did n't know you were talking only about institutionalized racism man . 
  you wrote `` racism '' in general , which obviously has n't disappeared . 
  i think its safe to say that their attitude is shit and our attitude is better . 
  source : go live there . 
  you 'd rather stay in the west ? 
  thought so . 
   e : now everybody downvotes me for not being * politically correct * how do you feel now that you are upvoted ? 
  you realize how dumb this makes you look right ? 
  \\  * i am being oppressed !, 
  political correctness is silencing me !, 
  * \\  * gets promptly upvoted * \\  * i am still oppressed !, 
  stop this political correctness !, 
  * \\  * more upvotes *, 
  it always gets me how / r/europe this merkel is a progressive multicultural liberal . 
  talk about living in a reality-warping bubble . 
   a lot of the cheaper private security personel here in germany is lower educated and a lot of that group is turkish-germans or similar descendants of guest-workers , any source on this ? 
  or do we just assume that discriminatory behavior always comes from muslims/immigrants/foreigners , no exceptions ? 
  this is a good post . 
  usually , the anti-muslim people want to enforce a soft christianity of sorts . 
  they are sneaky about it too : condemning religion only when islam is concerned . 
  the only way to make it work is to crackdown against religion in general . 
  but that willn never happen because there are too many old christians in europe . 
  they wo n't give up their power . 
  if they are christian then they get a free pass . 
  they are the `` correct '' kind of refugees . 
  what is it with this sub ? 
  it 's like we are in the eastern front . 
  crime is going down steadily for the past decades and you dudes are freaking the fuck out , screaming about murderous rapist invaders all the time . 
  it 's like this sub is a bubble of insanity . 
  an american reading us here would assume that we have a civil war going on . 
  i think you 'd be in for a rude awakening if you think iranian oriental christians will adapt easier . 
  obviously you are not a racist , it 's just that its weird to go out of your way to help a group that allegedly will adapt easier . 
  would n't they be the ones who would need * less * help than the rest ? 
  but if you have religious reasons to help only them , that 's your right , in any case . 
  as we said , its a big reason for their misery . 
  but you seem to admire that attitude . 
  to each his own i guess ? 
  are you high ? 
  have you seen what is happening in the middle east ? 
  they are shitty , self-destructive and weak . 
  you can read the speech , it 's pretty clear . 
  and please do n't troll me anymore . 
   sweden has been doing this since the sixties and by the day was a post about a norwegian police report/article/interwiev , that they ( the swedes ) are losing control , i presume you 've seen it as well , before it got removed because it is `` local news '' . 
  parallel societies , ciminal gangs , unemployment , etc. 
  this makes your argument even worse . 
  they have been doing this since the sixties are they are still doing great . 
  you know what , i 'm gon na trust them , they have a functional and prosperous society for many decades now . 
  you ca n't say that for fucking places in planet earth , so i 'll trust them . 
   i 've just pointed out that your argument is invalid . 
  they are n't the source of the welfare state nor the recession or corruption . 
  i do n't know how you did that , but we agree . 
  they are n't . 
  yeah check his username and history . 
  he is a troll . 
  interesting . 
  like some islamic cultures ? 
  the ones that are fraught with infighting and civil wars ? 
   the real effects of sweden and germany 's multiculti experiment will be seen in at least 20-30 years and i 'm part of the growing number of people who believe it 's going to be a complete and utter disaster . 
  so basically you are guessing about what might happen in 20 or 30 years . 
  but it 's not really that new . 
  complaining that your nation is being destroyed by other invading cultures is not new . 
  powell has been saying the same stuff since [ 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) , of course it goes way back but that 's juts an obvious example . 
  it 's good to be concerned about your society , obviously , but how many decades before we accept the truth i.e. 
  all these discussions are just moralizing . 
  objective facts do n't support any of this . 
  is that he or she meant ? 
  i hope not , because that would be retarded . 
  native germans have a host of benefits ( as they should , of course ) that no migrant has, 
  do i have to explain this ? 
  yes i do the rivers of blood are not running = the dumb shit powell predicted ( and people here endlessly parrot , in one way or another ) have not occurred, 
  honestly , it 's not such a bad deal . 
  i 'd take a `` could '' in 25 years if i could, 
  open borders does not mean the end of cultures or nations many different nations have co-existed within the same borders ( i.e. 
  no state borders between them ) for centuries even, 
  i want to agree but my atheism is too strong, 
   the guy is as german as i am you should take it easy on those drugs man, 
  pretty sure the same people were calling to deport all polish ( or romanian , or bulgarian ) people a decade ago but now its trendy to hate the refugees, 
  not really . 
  it suggests that countries like germany or sweden are not as stupid or deluded as some people here make them to be . 
  maybe they know what they are doing , unlike other countries who drove themselves to the dirt and rely on eu money . 
  also greece fucked up way before the refugees arrived . 
  i mean seriously . 
  were the refugees to blame for our shit ? 
  i was hoping for an argument but sadly i agree completely . 
  hey sorry for the late reply . 
  yes i was wrong , it was n't just `` somebody suing him '' but he was charged .
