  i can accept that , but how the fuck does that make it more reasonable . 
  it is still a retarded vote for them . 
  it 's called freedom of speech . 
  of course , what people like you understand that to mean is `` freedom of not being criticized for my dumb beliefs '' . 
  if , for example , the swiss people collectively decide to enact a barrier between us , they will be shown contempt or anger . 
  it 's how humans function . 
  we did nothing wrong to the uk nor switzerland . 
  the remainers were too weak , too pathetic , taking the eu for granted , being out of touch with their barbaric population who is just out for blood at this point , not caring about the consequences . 
  the backtracking is real dude you just spun 180degrees so fast you generated your own gravity, 
  try having some empathy . 
  these people have not all gone suddenly and inexplicably mad . 
  they do n't hate you . 
  you have to understand , your people voted for barriers between you , humans naturally feel that as a negative experience . 
  and yes you are judged in a collective basis , but that is mostly because people respect your nationality and your connection with it . 
   how does that disprove that the lower classes are competing with cheap labour from eastern and southern europe ? 
  of course people can still find work . 
  they are just forced to accept it against worse conditions . 
  5.4 % unemployment means your economy is doing great and the workers do n't have to significantly compete with one another . 
  it 's also a [ demonstrable ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/287287/occ109.pdf ) [ fact ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/oct/06/reality-check-is-theresa-may-right-about-immigration ) . 
  but facts do n't matter to you people do they ? 
  their own governments failed them . 
  you failed these people , not the eu . 
   iceland , norway and switzerland . 
  which countries are n't in the eu again ? 
  the idiocy of this statement . 
  all these countries have free movement of people agreements with the eu . 
  you will not significantly reduce your immigration . 
  it is not going to happen , unless you want to wreck your economy . 
  in which case , be my guest . 
  nothing would make me happier . 
   certainly not few enough to pigeonhole leave supporters as `` old pensioners '' . 
  it 's well understood by now that the leavers were old and the remainers were young . 
  i attribute personal responsibility to people . 
  if people become fascists , its because they wanted to become fascists . 
  the `` regressive left '' is not an excuse . 
  if you want to make excuses for fascism , go right ahead , but please leave me alone please . 
   because people in those areas have n't had anything good from the eu . 
  you mean like the [ welsh areas who have received a fuckton of eu cash and still voted to leave ? ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jun/25/view-wales-town-showered-eu-cash-votes-leave-ebbw-vale ) . 
  people do n't care about facts man . 
  the eu had nothing to do with these peoples ' problems , their ( your ) own government did . 
  but it failed them and used the eu as a scapegoat . 
  do n't trust your fucking politicians so much . 
   i voted in , but i 'm beginning to regret it . 
  you mean like [ the morons who voted leave and then regretted it ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-anger-bregret-leave-voters-protest-vote-thought-uk-stay-in-eu-remain-win-a7102516.html ) ? 
   in fairness , the national socialists were a lot more than nationalists , it was a totalitarian antisemitic regime that arose at a time of unprecedented economic and political turmoil in germany and as for world war 1 , even historians still to this day debate the causes of that catastrofuck . 
  simply saying `` they happened because of nationalism '' is just not accurate , there 's far more to it than that . 
  it 's not debatable . 
  giving fiercely national monocultures the industrial might of the 20th century would inevitably lead to war . 
  for god , king and country . 
   i 'd also caution against the trap of falling into euronationalism ah , we are only allowed to be nationalists of a kind you agree with . 
  only chose from a list of approved cultures , nations , flags , etc. 
   it does n't shock me at all that britain voted to leave , it wo n't shock when others follow suit . 
  will it shock you if you are wrong again ? 
  because it seems you are immune to facts . 
   and ffs , do n't give the eu its own army so eurocrats can start a cock measuring contest with russia either . 
  ah , a brit not wanting europe to be stronger . 
  how surprising ( not ) . 
  and muslim , and atheist, 
  the idea that it has damaged the `` entire western civilization '' is clearly / pol / trolling . 
  no serious person believes that shit, 
  really ? 
  seems to me that half of the sentences coming out of the typical brexiters mouth were a combination of european union nazi hitler fourth reich i 've a liberal for so many years , i mean , we call people `` nazi '' too as you might have noticed , but you guys fucking took it to the next level . 
  absolutely retarded . 
  literally everything in the eu was literally hitler . 
  you just went full retard people wo n't forget that shit , that 's for sure, 
  i would do the same thing if i were you . 
  very little good is going to come out of this do n't you love it when people just make the world worse , for no discernible reason ? 
  lets just add this to the pile of our already huge problems . 
  great !, 
  dude the campaign is over , you can stop calling everyone a nazi, 
   just a bit tired of all the hate and people hoping we will crash and burn so over reacted a bit already ? 
  dude you need to work on your patience . 
  the next 2 years are not going to be easy on your nerves like can you even imagine the shitstorm once the negotiations actually start ? 
  appeasement does not work . 
  we had greece , now the uk , its time to start being assertive or we might as well dismantle the whole thing, 
   i do n't think it 's possible to describe how that feels . 
  i can imagine , but just barely . 
  i also feel embarrassed and shamed for my country . 
  but we never managed to build anything great . 
  you built something great , and are now destroying it on your own . 
  tbh i do n't know if its better or worse . 
   it 's the freedom of sane , intelligent and educated people not to be negatively affected by the dumb choices of idiots that should be protected . 
  it 's not though . 
  yeah in theory i too would love a system where the objective wellbeing of the people would not be debatable . 
  but how can you convince people to have such a system ? 
  nobody wants that . 
  and my debt !, 
  you make me sad, 
  well too bad . 
  at least save some of that hatred for the russians , because they are the ones that originally caused this mess, 
  dude you complain about your economy getting fucked , but then you want to make it worse . 
  its like me complaining about the heat and then jumping in a furnace you are a mad man if you want to burn something to the ground , leave brussels alone , instead go outside and burn a church , as some other [ great norwegians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varg_vikernes ) have done in the past, 
  allright then i take your word for it also i said `` non-racist '' , not `` racist '', 
  your fucking original complaint was about the economy , now you do n't care about it ? 
  the uk wo n't fail , it 's just that they will be less than what they were nobody is saying that they will disappear from the map lol and about their `` great society '' . 
  yeah more than half of them make a conscious , willing and unapologetic decision to ignore facts . 
  * we do n't care about the experts and their stupid facts , death to the traitors !, 
  * this must be a world first . 
  i mean i thought greek people were dumb but god damn i am actually starting to like my own people after this debacle, 
  well you must be the exception because numbers do n't lie 73 % to remain in the 18-24 group , 62 % for the 25-34 group .
