  just imagine the nightmare of trying to negotiate this kind of thing . 
  where would you even do it ? 
  a greek island ? 
  lol . 
   goodbye theo please mean it and begone for good this time ? 
  pretty please ? 
  that is because immigration is the only issue that matters to them the others are mostly a smoke screen , like `` hey look at us we are not so bad we even allow fags to marry '', 
   of course the long term implications of a country not being allowed to offer a specific company tax reliefs is probably the biggest thing here . 
  i know right ? 
  what a terrible blow to sovereignty , not allowing politicians to slash taxes for mega corporations ? 
  imagine mega corps paying their fair share of taxes !, 
  literally hitler . 
  you are too late to the party . 
  even if these filthy foreigners were not a `` drain on society '' then our friend here would * still * be against them . 
  you see , you problem is ideological and not financial . 
  anyone who diverges from your `` national identity '' is considered an enemy . 
  it has as much to do as `` ideology and control '', 
   most people are for that no , they are not . 
  most people respond * exactly * the way you did :  you say you want equality when you actually want privilege that is just an excuse for people like you to try and enforce your shitty ideology you basically create excuses to attack the motive , integrity and the honesty of people who disagree with you . 
  * no , you do n't want what you claim you want . 
  i 'll tell you what you really want !, 
  you tell em . 
  these pesky eu bureaucrats stifling innovation and freedom with their `` literally hitler '' regulations . 
  how dare they regulate the free market ? 
  pretty much every `` proud '' nationalist ? 
  it 's pretty funny that the actual story was  268 right-wing extremists and 64 islamists feared to have embedded themselves within the armed forces yet what you took out of it  the german police or army has arab terrorists in their ranks though to be fair , i can totally image your media reporting on it that way , so i ca n't blame you much . 
  not being dishonest at all . 
  your countries were shit countries who were helped by the eu . 
  now instead of helping the eu collectively solve this problem , you do n't give a fuck about anything and just whine about merkel and some vague leftist conspiracy seeking to deprive you of national pride . 
  the poster above was generally correct about eastern europeans . 
  oh so you were only `` economic migrants '' and not refugees ? 
  that is like an upgrade ? 
  so let me get this straight . 
  if you are romanian and an economic migrant , then you are fine . 
  but if you are muslim and a refugee , fuck off . 
   they are literally asking if increasing cultural diversity increases quality of life , and in no european country surveyed did a majority say yes . 
  but no one is literally saying that diversity is a `` goal in and of itself '' . 
  diversity is the state of being diverse . 
  it is not an agenda . 
  even if it was an agenda , a questionnaire would have little to do with it . 
   notice how i also did n't say it was a bad thing , just that i do n't think it 's inherently good . 
  what you actually said is `` why is it a goal in and of itself ? '' . 
  so i 'll just repeat myself . 
  who said it is a goal in and of itself ? 
  just try to answer this time please . 
   ahh there you go changing that subject again . 
  same subject : making fun of you . 
   calling the eu `` literally hitler '' is incredibly edgy of you ... maybe if you people did n't proudly proclaim it for years , i would n't be making fun of you . 
   calling the eu `` literally hitler '' is incredibly edgy of you ... scroll up . 
  yup , do * you * people even read the article before projecting your ideas on the author ? 
  nowhere does it say that diversity should be a goal in and of itself . 
  because diversity is [ well known to increase innovation ] ( https://hbr.org/2013/12/how-diversity-can-drive-innovation ) . 
  this is ancient knowledge and has little to do with politics . 
  try having a group of identical conformists who all think the same way and see how much they innovate . 
  strange because i 've been living in germany for several years and i 've never encountered this guilt except from online nationalist trolls who claim its existence, 
  its weird that you sound bitter and passive agressive with your comments which are 99,9 % against the eu ( aka literally hitler ) also the topic was you attacking another poster so its only fitting i make fun of you . 
  so you think this is a survey against refugees ? 
  afaik we did n't have such a refugee crisis before, 
  this is hilariously ironic considering that the people who are the most emotionally offended at such things are conservatives . 
  what ? 
  gender roles should not be mandatory ? 
  women ask for equality ? 
  leftist globalist conspiracy agenda to detroy our proud national cultures quick vote for the most insane person you can find just to teach these sluts a lesson, 
  well i am happy you enjoy being made fun of . 
  the gift that keeps on giving !, 
  the topic is making fun of you , so i think i 'm doing allright , 
   if your definition of `` living as you see fit '' entails having to swarm our country with migrants , than you should reevaluate your life i do n't know you told you that but if you read blogs as gospels then its not me who should reevaluate his life, 
   jump to the extremes . 
  aka your average brexit campaign stories , 
  where did this come from ? 
  the only source i see is a blog by an insane guy http://vladtepesblog.com/ who writes that leftists are the `` greatest threat to classical civilization '' . 
  so i am sure this is some quality journalism . 
   just another thing for you to moan at the uk about ? 
  i am trying to catch up . 
  how many billions of filthy foreigners have raped your white women this day ? 
  how many billions of # has the eu ( aka literally hitler ) stolen from you this day ? 
   you sound like a moron . 
  takes one to know one . 
   nobody is enforcing any identity on you , we are just trying to protect our own . 
  nobody is destroying your `` ethnic identity '' , we just want to live as we see fit . 
  it 's just that be definition , if i live differently that you do , i am considered `` diverse '' and thus a threat to the proud national identity . 
  so what was the hope for ? 
   but me and evidently the majority of greeks are not . 
  awesome , you made your proud stand against the forces of evil and your patriotic morale can soar high once again . 
  also i would simply recommend to not view things from a majority/minority perspective . 
  i know that being a majority is intoxicating , like you think you can finally enforce your `` ethnic identity '' on people like me ( = the traitors of the proud greece race ) . 
  but do n't start partying yet . 
  remember that mob rule is a very dangerous thing and has historically bitten you in the ass , so eventually it will turn against you as well . 
  rain is made out of water ? 
   everyone knows how ? 
   it 's about sending a message i wish people were educated enough regarding how democracy works . 
  when you cast your vote you are not `` sending a message '' no matter how much you want to . 
  when you are casting a vote , you are delegating authority . 
  you are allowing a person ( or a group or persons ) to make laws on your behalf and drive your country on the international stage . 
  you are not making a `` statement '' nor sending `` messages '' like you do on your wall on facebook . 
  it is a very specific action with very concrete results . 
  people need to be educated that there are no `` symbolic '' or `` protest '' votes . 
  your vote has the same power with that one of a hardline party ideologue . 
  there is literally no difference . 
  if hofer or trump come to power , they are not going to `` send a message '' or `` protest against the system '' , no .
