  got ta love this attitude . 
  complain that everyone is so mean to you , then shit on the ones below you in the food chain - the refugees . 
  unfortunately this is the greek mentality , bully them if you are stronger , whine/bitch/cry / complain if you are weaker . 
  nobody forced us in the eu . 
  if you want to be mad at someone get mad at your parents and grandparents ... any stolen money is in their pockets and not in some banker 's offshore account as the greek media would have you believe . 
   no one should tell anyone what to do . 
  in an ideal world yes , but in reality , the opposite happens . 
  for better or for worse , the internet is heavily regulated . 
  if you download a copyrighted work , someone can easily find out your name and address and sue you . 
  there is no morality in the internet . 
  its a free-for-all . 
  you know what the worst part is ? 
  the leftist multikulti pc brigade shuts down discussion on the matter by calling us racists !, 
  everything is caused by political correctness !, 
  they keep calling us racists and nazists !, 
  stop calling us racists !, 
  try miller lite or bud light and tell us again how the law has outlived its usefulness . 
    i ca n't believe i am actually defending this political party ( though i agree to some extent with their views on immigration policy , but little else ) . 
  they have done some really dumb shit in the past , but in this case it seems entirely unfair . 
  this sub is amazing . 
  even rightwing , strict-on-immigration politicians receive hate if they even come close to empathizing with the refugees . 
  i 'm not . 
  there are many comments like yours , or even worse , and they are not sarcastic at all . 
   the thalys attack should have been one of those moments where the governments of europe and the eu realize they only barely scraped by another massive attack i understand what you are saying , i just do n't know what you 'd expect them to do ? 
  honest question . 
  this is a guy serving in iraq , during which service he discovered these documents . 
  if you are arguing for a tougher military intervention then i see your point . 
  but good luck trying to get eu citizens to agree with that . 
  your point is still invalid though ; there is no evidence that the governments are pretending anything . 
   impressive - nonetheless calculating is ' t his stong side . 
  why would you say that ? 
   that 's not exploiting - that 's how it should be . 
  it was a translation error , he did n't say anything close to `` exploiting '' . 
  lol, 
  i am not sure if you are being sarcastic . 
  in any case it would be extremely easy to prove his point , so lets see . 
   are we just going to jump on the hate train for anyone who supports migrants on this subreddit ? 
  yes . 
  and we will do so while complaining that we are being silenced by political correctness . 
  the / r/europe paradox : complaining about the pc brigade silencing you gets you upvoted faster than anything . 
  note the `` if '' in your statement . 
  if that precondition is true , then yes i agree . 
  but as it seems its not true , you can discuss anything you want . 
  also you realise how unrelated your criminal statistics mention was , right ? 
  did you just throw it in the conversation for extra anti-immigration points ? 
  what purpose did it serve in our discussion ? 
  attempts to empathise with ( or even humanise ) the refugee situation are often ridiculed . 
  the dominant belief is that those people , those who take those incredibly dangerous trips across the world , are mostly `` fake refugees '' who do all this to live off unemployment benefits in a foreign country with a vastly foreign culture . 
  that is the context i am afraid . 
  which former isis fighters are not arrested ? 
   take advantage of these men 's heroism by pretending nothing is actually wrong where have you seen this happening ? 
  can you provide some examples ? 
  you seem pretty angry about something that is , apparently , invisible . 
  so excuse me but i have to question it . 
  facts regarding political correctness destroying everything . 
  what you mentioned was totally unrelated : someone denying muslim youth criminality ? 
  who ? 
  when ? 
  who even brought such statistics in the conversation , let alone start denying them ? 
  an assumption , but how about facts ? 
   i am not saying anything new , nor anything that has n't been debated to death . 
  if after all this time you refuse to believe that is the case i am certainly not going to convince you . 
  you are saying something new , or rather something particular , to a very specific niche of the internet . 
  the idea that political correctness is the grand evil of our times , and is to blame for everything . 
  you literally said : all the problems we are facing . 
  this is unfounded . 
  multiculturalism is not the same as political correctness . 
  i do n't think you understand what you are listening to . 
  you are quoting merkel here , the same merkel who welcomed hundreds of thousands of predominantly refugees ; surely you see the cognitive dissonance in using her to argue against multiculturalism , let alone political correctness . 
  but again , lets keep moving the goalposts . 
  you are proving my point really . 
  christians killing abortion doctors ( let alone absolutely destroying the life of pregnant mothers ) is brushed off as a `` misunderstanding '' . 
   yes there was a lot of immigration from those countries with little selection . 
  yes there was a multicultural approach that opposed efforts to assimilate in many countries . 
  and yes you see the effects in those countries . 
  no , political correctness has nothing to do with this . 
  also nobody called you a bigot . 
  move the goalposts a little bit more please . 
   you explicitly said i would n't even consider that some muslims want to assimilate . 
  therefore my answer . 
  i was answering you to a specific assumption you made about me . 
  these kind of answers show you 're not even interested in any sort of rational conversation . 
  anecdotal evidence is not rational conversation . 
  explain how political correctness is to be blamed for all the problems if you 'd like , anything else is noise to detract from your blunder . 
  edit : spelling, 
   that assumption is nowhere in my statement . 
  well ok but nothing in your statement is reflected in reality . 
   actually , i know plenty of very well assimilated muslims , all of which will say everything i said and much more . 
  great , i know some well integrated muslims that would agree wtih me too , about various issues . 
   truth is this politically correct , utopian view , that is leading to all the problems we 're facing , hurts these all integrated muslims even more than you and me . 
  you have failed to demonstrate how this `` political correct , utopian view '' affects anything , let alone leading to ... * all the problems we are facing * . 
  i mean you really just said that now , blamed pc for everything . 
  you do n't understand , politics matter only when christians or `` christian countries '' are involved . 
  there we can argue all day about their `` misrepresentation '' and `` misinterpretation '' via our modern lens . 
  but when muslims are involved , they always interpret their religion 100 % correctly . 
  its that simple . 
  what you fail to realise , despite being corrected , is that your mythical `` job creators '' have a lot less to risk than what you 've been told . 
  they lose the extra money they had , yet they can always re-enter the job market and will undoubtedly do better than most of their competition , if only due to networking . 
  contrast that to the average wage-earner who actually has a risk as in `` oh shit if the company goes under i am homeless '' kind of risk . 
  usually the business owner does n't come close to facing such risk .
