   tribalism is a natural , inescapable , human reality its not . 
  the history of greece is one of defeating tribalism to form increasingly larger groups of humans , until our coalescing into our ( kind of disappointing ) modern national state . 
  but it used to be even bigger , though its identity was not based on nationality but on religion , greek orthodoxy , the whole eastern roman empire thing . 
  tribalism is a really bad idea and every civilized or even semi-civilized society fights against it . 
  and usually wins . 
   will have to surrender the remains of their political power to a central superstate . 
  the european parliament holds elections . 
  so there will be no eu elections anymore ? 
  is this the what the anti-eu movement is peddling nowadays ... ? 
   how clever , you sure showed me !, 
  thanks , but i doubt words can have an effect on you . 
  maybe i am wrong . 
   what does this even mean ? 
  there are no refugees , it 's all a hoax ? 
  what ? 
  if you read this subreddit even for a few minutes , you 'll encounter massive doubts that the refugees are not , in fact , refugees but economic migrants . 
  you know , the kind of people who want to steal our jobs ** and ** collect unemployment benefits all day . 
   never mentioned those , but yeah , they exist and i 'm a bit concerned about them , as we all should be . 
  the chance of it affecting you is minuscule . 
  now obviously you should be worried , but its like being worried about an meteor landing on your head . 
  should you rage online just because a meteor might kill you ? 
  its extremely unlikely . 
  but go ahead if it makes you feel better ( you 're welcome   ironic , considering the people who oppose taking refugees are the ones talking about the problems it causes , not the other way around . 
  ironic ? 
  maybe i was n't clear enough but my whole comment was ironic . 
  specifically designed to demonstrate the irrationality of your comment . 
  i am sure you are familiar with the [ rivers of blood speech ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) in 1968 . 
  nationalists are wrong ( and thus looking mighty stupid ) for literally decades now . 
  yet that does n't faze them one tiny bit . 
  they keep repeating the same stuff . 
  seriously , objective reality has little to do with politics . 
  it probably never has . 
   do you know how silly that sounds ? 
  well this is the ppv we are talking about, 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  i swear if it was n't for the refugees , people would * still * be shitting on the filthy uneducated polish immigrants stealing our jobs and leeching benefits etc. 
  but now ... now the poles are proud europeans who share our fundamental values and all that . 
  its a mindfuck . 
   i wo n't sugarcoat it ; it has n't been pretty , and the result is that denmark 's image is that of a xenophobic nation . 
  for what its worth , i do n't think you have that image . 
  i 'd say , when immigration is concerned , its more of an image of irresponsibility . 
  something like the [ not in my back yard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nimby ) attitude , because by closing your door you make sure sweden took 100 % of the burden . 
  sweden could have done the same , if they wanted . 
  but then the burden would fall to other countries , like germany , poland , hungary etc. 
  they would too close their borders , all the way to greece ( a.k.a the weakest link in the chain of idiocy ) where all the refugees would pile up and spectacularly collapse our country . 
  but at least you 'd get to feel national pride !, 
  and i guess that would be worth all the human suffering . 
  it seems that for many people , as long they feel nationalistic pride , all is good in the world . 
  edit : spelling, 
   we will simply be overrun when do you imagine this will happen ? 
  we have been listening to these scary doomsday scenarios since [ 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) . 
  can you perchance offer a more accurate prediction ? 
  so sweden should not look for its own well-being first and foremost , but rather prioritize africa over its own needs ? 
  it seems that sweden ca n't win no matter what . 
  i honestly do n't understand this bizarre hatred the internet has for sweden , of all places ... 
  there were people asking if germany was safe to visit . 
  like if they would visit cologne , would they get raped ? 
  they really thought this was the case . 
  there is a distubring amount of propaganda out there . 
  be careful , reddit likes to pretend that racism has disappeared and that * absolutely no-one * is a racist . 
  there are no racists anymore . 
  you are not allowed to imply that racists even exist . 
  apparently europe is this progressive utopia where no racists exist and even the people who set fire to refugee shelters are just `` misunderstood , concerned citizens who are democratically questioning the pro-refugee policies '' . 
  or something like that . 
  anyway just prepare for the downvotes . 
  yeah , just keep talking about fake refugees and muslim terrorists , no need to make arguments . 
  that 's the staple of the anti-refugee rhetoric . 
  just ignore the problems and put your head in sand . 
  yes , its a very common theme here . 
  some comments above a polish guy is telling me how he dislikes the `` western mentality '' of accepting too many refugees , while he himself is working in the uk . 
  i do n't know what to make of all this . 
  probably some kind of cognitive dissonance going on . 
  ah , the immigrant paradox : they steal our jobs , while sitting on their ass all day . 
   but i am asserting that having certain desires will lead to societal collapse . 
  i see what you are saying , but unfortunately there is no evidence . 
  people have been saying that the world will collapse since ... forever . 
  its usually moralizing . 
  fact is that sweden is doing better than these hypothetical `` nationalistic paradises '' that do n't exist . 
  ah nice , an immigrant yourself arguing against other countries taking in other immigrants . 
  also a nationalist immigrant . 
  i 'd be lying if i said i was surprised ; i 've met many greeks who are proudly nationalistic and anti-refugee while living on foreign money . 
   at decadence does . 
  if you have this ` perfect ' utopia , then you 'll eventually lose track of what really matters in life . 
  and you are here to tell a what matters to a whole country of people ? 
  no offence but maybe people are different about what matters to them ? 
  also you have no evidence to support your assertion . 
  overpopulation is a problem but its usually the conservatives that fervently argue for women having more babies , we need more families , etc. 
   but it 's surely funny how some people truly believe that sweden is becoming some sort of failed shithole i have been listening to the same rhetoric for years . 
  a decade , possibly more . 
  the refugee crisis has injected some life into it and we see its resurgence , along with the internet , it just makes the doomsayers louder . 
  but nationalists always said this , refugees or not . 
  the decadent west is `` about to collapse '' for more than a decade now . 
  same propaganda , different medium . 
  strange because for such a broken down country , still everybody wants to go there ... 
   i have no sympathy for western mentality . 
  but you like [ western money ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) . 
  really man you ca n't have a union of states and be a fervent nationalist . 
  it wo n't work . 
  you think poland is better than sweden ? 
  or where are these nationalistic paradises to be found ?
