  obviously , albania is beautiful . 
  i 've never been there but i know people who grew up there and i believed them when they told me about the beautiful parts of it . 
  i just did n't understand the past tense ? 
  like when was it a paradise and what changed ? 
  from my limited understanding , albania used to be a lot worse . 
  but please correct me if i am wrong . 
  again no offence meant ... 
  anything can be misused and abused , i do n't see the argument here . 
  we 'll get back to that , but here is something equally important : it 's not about hurt feelings . 
  this is a common ( or deliberate ) misconception . 
  hate speech and verbal harassment/abuse can have an objective negative impact on your life . 
  it 's not about feelings . 
  you might not give a fuck if someone calls you a pedophile murderer but your boss , your friends , your family , society etc might have a different take on it . 
  think of false rape accusations if you want the best example of how `` speech '' can wreck your life . 
  so there 's that . 
   i did n't say `` my question '' true , my bad . 
  i thought i read something else . 
  well , score one point against me . 
   it 's important to be able to have a set of rules that can be used to tell the difference between hate speech and criticism . 
  implying those two things can be conflated . 
  which is what i do n't get , since i ca n't imagine how . 
   as in my last reply i implore you to find a quote of me saying that hate speech and criticism are the same . 
  they 're not . 
  how would you know ? 
   give me a few days while this new initiative begins and i 'll probably be able to give you thousands . 
  so nothing . 
  you are just guessing . 
  well , your side 's prediction of gloom and doom are 100 % off the mark , so i wo n't hold my breath . 
  but i 'll still be here and i will be happy to admit that i am wrong if that is the case . 
  well not happy , because that will be fucking terrible , so you better hope i am right . 
   my beef with this censorship is that there is no objective way to tell what is and is n't hate speech and i do n't like the idea of my account being held up to standards of some randoms on the internet . 
  so if they were to lay out some guidelines for people to follow it would all be a lot more reasonable . 
  that is surprisingly reasonable . 
  i expected you had ideological reservations to these laws , not practical ones . 
  but anyway . 
  this law is n't any different than any other law that requires human judgement . 
  laws are mathetical formulas , sadly . 
  people need to make judgements . 
  its like the same judgement that angry nationalists use to determine what is european or national culture and who should belong inside it . 
  get it ? 
  it 's not like they are giving out guidelines either . 
  they just arbitrarily decided that x people do n't belong in y. 
  well , tough shit , my friend . 
  now the tables have turned on them . 
  other people get to make judgement on their lives , and like the bullies and cowards they are , they complain about it . 
  as i said ... tough shit . 
  they 'll just have to deal with it . 
  let this be a lesson to anyone who thinks similarly . 
   i do n't care what it was based on maybe you should because you are not following the discussion . 
  and you are doing this to score cheap points so i do n't care to be honest . 
  go away . 
   i literally quoted what you said with your reasoning as to why it is hate speech you forgot to quote the quote it was based on . 
  read some comments above . 
  its extremely clear if you just read the previous comment ( s ) . 
  that 's not the issue though is it ? 
  read the posts of your friend above , to see what the phrasing was . 
  we wer n't talking about mohammed . 
  this must be the 3rd time you change the subject . 
  all over the place . 
   you 're talking on a public forum where anyone can and should interject should they feel they have something to add . 
  if you want a privated conversation i suggest pm 's . 
  nope , here is what happened : another user asked me something and you replied by referring to * his * question as * your * question . 
  you claimed it was your question when it was n't . 
  get it ? 
  of course you get it . 
  your sarcasm is failing to confuse anyone about what is happening here . 
   i ca n't either you ca n't differentiate either ? 
  here is what you wrote earlier  if you ca n't confidently delineate between criticism and hate speech why should anyone listen to you about this issue ? 
  so why would anyone listen to you ? 
  there is no mess happening here . 
  you and the rest of the brigade are creating confusion by claiming that two distinct concepts are not just similar but actually identical . 
  and you demand evidence from me ? 
  nice try , but that is not how it works . 
  if you have an argument you should just give an example of this hypothetical conflation . 
  did someone of you criticize islam and got arrested ? 
  please . 
  according to your orwellian worldview here , it should be a daily occurrence . 
  give me an actual example instead of angry accusations . 
  but i suspect you ca n't give any examples , you ca n't explain your position , you ca n't argue how two different concept are , not just similar , but identical , so you will end up attacking me and accusing me of not giving `` guidelines '' . 
  if that is the case , prepare to be disappointed ... 
   you literally said in a different comment criticism of islam is libel against an individual . 
  nope , calling random people `` pedophiles '' and `` murderers '' is libel . 
  look at the comments . 
  he ( or what it you ? 
  you guys seem to be interchangeable ) mentioned `` people '' , not `` islam '' . 
  so ... read better ? 
  * the advocates claim ... bunch of right wingers pretending to be victims that `` blogger '' was n't banned because he criticized anything ; he engaged in deliberate and targeted propaganda  thousands of women were raped by gangs of immigrants . 
  migrants are raping women in europe is becoming a crisis . 
  we need guns to fight back against these migrants is this criticism ? 
  why do you guys keep pretending ? 
  yeah let me encourage people to arm themselves with firearms , to use against the thousands of immigrant rapists who are raping everybody ... great critique is n't it !, 
   you wrote a lot of words to avoid that question my friend i was n't talking to you my friend . 
  this is the second time this happens , like another user appearing to talk in place of a completely different one . 
  either you guys are some insane collectivist entity , or have alt accounts . 
   if you ca n't confidently delineate between criticism and hate speech why should anyone listen to you about this issue ? 
  dude , you are off the rails . 
  you are the one ( s ) claiming that there is no difference between these two . 
  right now . 
  you were conflating between these two . 
  yet i am the one who ca n't delineate between them ?
