   incompetent fools run the eu , that much is certain . 
  you mean , incompetent fools run the national european governments . 
  if the countries do n't want to reach a solution , the eu ca n't force them . 
  contrary to altzi belief , the eu is not a tyranny and ca n't bully countries, 
  they behaved like that , yeah . 
  though tsipras finally saw the light and decided to play ball . 
  hindsight is great , but letting greece to go bankrupt was also politically impossible . 
  also , neither the eu nor the euro is to be blamed for the recession . 
  yeah , they did not respond to it perfectly , as if anyone knows what to do . 
  but i 'd much rather have this level of instability rather than have the south collapse uncontrollably . 
  or just fuck it and eject greece , without destroying the whole thing . 
  the deliberate ploy i was referring to was all these proud white defenders of europe refusing to do anything about the refugee crisis and then complaining that the eu is a tyranny that violates their proud national sovereignty , all while burying their polish heads in the sand while my country has half a million of them stashed in horrible conditions . 
  they are all nationalists and nationalists behave in similar ways : refuse to cooperate then complain about lack of unity . 
  be divisive , then complain about divisiveness . 
  much like the uk trying to sabotage or even destroy the eu and then complaining about it not working . 
  self-fullfilling prophecies . 
  well to be fair a lot of brits here are reasonable and do n't hate the eu but posters like him sure like to go around and write long-winded posts about the eu collapsing any day now i do n't understand the source of this butthurt . 
  you left the eu , it is over , get over it . 
  how about they release the truth about ** all ** politicians instead of the ones they oppose ? 
  it is fascinating that people are ok with this as long as their favorite candidate is unharmed, 
   `` let 's disregard the wrongdoings of a subset of politicians simply because we do n't know about wrongdoings of another subset of politicians '' is a st. . . range one . 
  it 's like saying that we should pardon the criminals simply because other similar criminals were n't caught . 
  withholding information and releasing only parts of it is the definition of propaganda . 
  i am still fascinated that voting adults do n't know this . 
   since when has uncovering the crimes or dirt on prominent politicians become anything other than investigative journalism ? 
  since they ( wikileaks ) decided to become gatekpeers of information , pick sides and endorse a candidate while withholding information about the other . 
  that is when they stopped being journalists . 
   there 's a 100 % foolproof method of overcoming russian hackers problem - do n't violate laws . 
  boom !, 
  headshot !, 
  total hacker immunity !, 
  which laws where violated ? 
  please do n't . 
  do n't be mean to them , they will start crying about being unfairly labelled as `` racists '' and * political correctness is the worst thing in the universe whine whine whine *, 
  do n't wonder , just read your posts . 
  no , about the fact that you do n't care about the whole truth as long as you have the fragments of truth that validate your preconceived worldview . 
  orwell would be proud . 
  yeah man i was trying to understand what these so-called `` disturbances '' have to do with the population overestimation turns out op was being saracstic but feel free to get outraged . 
  you seem to enjoy it !, 
  lol, 
  well at least you are honest . 
   not as much really ? 
  just because they disagree on some policies does not mean they are less of `` established inhabitants '' . 
  this is pretty much the cancer in the heart of nationalism and i am happy we cut straight to it . 
  and i am not surprised - greek nationalists often claimed that leftists are not really greek and should not be treated as such . 
  edit : corrected my post so you wo n't complain . 
  please elaborate on how not wanting to ban muslims makes them less `` established inhabitants '' instead of arguing semantics . 
  yeah i get that , but i have the same point : are liberals * not * established inhabitants ? 
  handing out part of the truth is pretty much the definition of propaganda . 
  damn , they should teach this stuff at school . 
  why would you doubt that ? 
  they already have information on trump but did n't want to release it , because wikileaks clearly took a side in this election :  `` we do have some information about the republican campaign , '' assange said . 
  `` i mean , it 's from a point of view of an investigative journalist organization like wikileaks , the problem with the trump campaign is it 's actually hard for us to publish much more controversial material than what comes out of donald trump 's mouth every second day , i mean , that 's a very strange reality for most of the media to be in . '' not to mention , they have their own internal policy as to what they release and when , since they admit to releasing information for `` maximum political impact '' . 
  their words . 
  this is essentially gatekeeping , which a literal form of censorship a.k.a. 
  we decide what you need to know and also when you need to know it . 
  take a look at the [ wikileak 's trainwreck of an ama ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/5c8u9l/we_are_the_wikileaks_staff_despite_our_editor/ ) after the elections for more . 
  considering that trump [ lost the popular vote by a greater margin than any other us president in history ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-lost-popular-vote-hillary-clinton-us-election-president-history-a7470116.html ) and that hillary needed only [ ~ 53,000 votes to win ] ( https://medium.com/@hoffa/hillary-only-needed-to-switch-53-650-voters-to-win-94940ff263b7#.1mlx93fdu ) , you can see that this shit may have cost her the election . 
  think about this , the course of the world ( and the geopolitical implications for europe ) was decided by a secret group of unknown people living somewhere on this planet . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  and the trumpists do n't give a fuck because they won and that is all that matters to them . 
  obama gives a fuck , though , and will try to get to the bottom of this . 
  let 's hope something comes out of it . 
   i say that as an american , whose government has no backbone and bends to the will of corporate power every time . 
  i see the eu mandating parental leave , sick leave , internet privacy , health standards , trade union powers , and fought tax havens , corporate welfare , monopolies and so much more ? 
  it is our attitude to government that is different . 
  blanket generalizations incoming : europeans respect governments , or rather , the * idea * of a government . 
  we may shit on our politicians but we understand that government is important and has a role to play in our life . 
  i guess this is because , due to wars , we needed our governments more than you needed yours . 
  americans never had a proper war or even a proper threat , so government is seen as useless or invasive . 
  americans were also more efficient at destroying their workers ' movements in the early 20st century . 
  you fucked your socialists and anarchists so badly , they never recovered . 
  therefore regulation is seen as a bad thing . 
  and please take this with a grain of salt because it is probably a biased opinion . 
   i think this example also demonstrates this . 
  just imagine a public debate on encryption ; a good demagogue would convince the public with ease to support backdoors with fearmongering about terrorism . 
  i do n't think most people care about encryption . 
  this is n't a popular issue anyway . 
  of course , it is an important issue , but not very popular . 
  so i could be wrong but i do n't see the democratic deficit here . 
  * triggered *, 
   what he seemed to offer was a nativist domestic policy combined with a strong social safety net are the american liberals not natives ? 
  seems like his domestic policy was against liberalism or progressivism , or rather what these people perceive to be liberalism or progressivism, 
   on a more serious note , i 'd be interested to see a comparison of birth rates for muslim and non-muslim europeans . 
  do you think people would or would n't overestimate that number as well ? 
   the way the population feels enfranchised is by seeing effects to their choices you are trying to understand mass sentiments by logic . 
  it does n't work in the west , people feel ( dis ) enfranchised for purely emotional and arbitrary reasons people here generally do n't know what disenfranchisement is . 
  just read / r/europe and you 'll find people complaining about being denied their democratic rights because ... somebody disagreed with them in an internet forum . 
  or because their party did not win . 
  in fact , the latter is very common . 
  we have it so good that people literally believe that if your party loses , then you are being marginalised , silenced , attacked and victimized . 
  and much more . 
  that is n't really the problem . 
  the greek situation would not bring down the eu on its own . 
  at the very worst , they would have ejected us from the ez . 
   and what if integration of the sort that is required to save the euro is politically impossible , as is currently the case ? 
  this is n't a very honest way of putting it . 
  it 's more like `` what if some people do n't want the eu to work , do everything they can to either obstruct it or bring it down , and then complain that it does n't work ? '' . 
  very similar to what republicans are doing in the usa . 
  defund , obstruct , attack and oppose the government ... then complain that it does n't work .
