  the government of the uk is not the same as the people of britain . 
  so the people of britain do not support capitalism anymore ? 
   and here you are blaming britain for everything . 
  can we not agree that both sides deserve some of the blame ? 
  nope . 
  taxation and wealth redistribution are each sovereign country 's responsibility . 
   things nobody has said ? 
  you must be new to the internet . 
  i am not and neither are you . 
  it is very popular to aggressively whine and complain about being a victim . 
  nobody called you a racist , yet you constantly accuse others of doing it , shitting on everyone and generally bringing down the discussion . 
  you can back up your accusations by showing us you called you a racist and when . 
  but you wo n't . 
  because , like everyone else , you are making it up . 
  some days ago i was asking the same thing from another guy , after several posts of me insisting to see who called him a racist , he reluctantly admitted that `` someone may have called me a racist a year ago , and not on reddit '' . 
  so , pure nonsense . 
  and this is what you guys are : aggressive trolls who just want to be professional victims and accuse anyone who disagrees with you . 
  this kind of toxic whining should be a bannable offense because you are destroying the conversation and accusing people of things that have not happened . 
  and until it becomes a bannable offense , i 'll just keep exposing you guys . 
  the what, 
  your little theory is not obvious , because we would have seen this phenomenon everywhere . 
  just look at the map . 
  and germany has some wage inequality yet they are pro-eu . 
   the wealthy and highly educated people of london and such have benefited greatly from globalization it 's called capitalism . 
  the wealthy and/or educated earn more money . 
  the uk has always been a big proponent of it . 
  and it is up to the uk to redistribute the wealth of its richest citizens to the poorest . 
  it is very cheap to blame the eu for everything . 
   which leads them to believe that everyone who opposes it must be racist please stop complaining about things nobody said , it is embarassing . 
  shouldnt be a problem due to unemployment . 
  someone else will take the job, 
   but there is no evidence at all that this works . 
  i know this literature well , and there is no serious research in social science to demonstrate ... dude experts are so 2015 . get with the times, 
  but how is the eu responsible or this inequality ? 
  if it was the fault of the eu , we would see this inequality everywhere . 
  greece has , surprisingly , low wage inequality . 
  germany has high inequality , but is very pro-eu . 
  kind of hard to draw any conclusion . 
   i 'm not suggesting that anyone be forced to do anything , i 'm wondering what countries can do to retain skilled people who could be a benefit to the economy in which they acquired those skills ... nothing  i 'm also not sure where i suggested that . . maybe  if you ca n't manage other aspects of your economy ( especially in terms of regulation and currency . . ) . 
  not interested in strawmen . 
  did i say you should tolerate anything ? 
  you wrote a whole paragraph demanding to know why you `` should look the other way '' ? 
  what are you even talking about ?!, 
  who told you that ? 
  what is wrong with you people getting angry and writing long rants on things that nobody even said and are also completely off topic go away with your ramblings please . 
  last warning , go troll someone else, 
  and it doesnt matter one tiny bit . 
  this whole narrative is ideological . 
  these people do n't really care about the economy , because `` there are things that are more important than money '' and `` national pride is more valuable than lining your pockets '' or whatever else is the populist argument of the week, 
  where are all the populists ? 
  they talk against finance 24/7 but all they did was elect a billionaire into power . 
  so basically leave the eu and everything will be awesome no man , these `` skilled workers '' are not lost . 
  there was simply no place for them . 
  they were not paying taxes or contributing in any meaningful way . 
  and your solution is to just force them to remain unemployed . 
  i was n't talking to you and your comments were way off topic . 
  i was commenting that this is a common religious attitude that is , sadly , not religious . 
  you think this is a diversion . 
  you know why ? 
  because got offended because on behalf of muh christianity , muh traditions . 
  and guess what . 
  i do n't care that you are offended . 
  go troll someone else . 
  mostly white . 
  so you ca n't be racist against turks either ? 
  my trump card has worked great so far . 
  literally every time i say that this is a typical religious attitude , some `` i 'm not a christian but ... '' dude gets offended, 
   into traditional , neo-pagan symbols how can it be both, 
  so what race are the turks ? 
   but i guess you 'll agree sexism and discrimination are perfectly legit as long as it 's all in the name of religion kaffir ? 
  go ahead and ban religion . 
  oh wait you wo n't , because muh christianity, 
   we really do n't ask for much do we ? 
  walk around with whatever you want , in whatever fashion you want so long as your genitals are covered . 
  this is kind of dishonest , because it was never the case . 
  women were routinely slut shamed . 
  they still are , but the refugee thing has diverted all attention to islam . 
  the moment that shit is over , we 'll go back to slut shaming them because they dress like whores and provoke rapes , business as usual . 
  and before you complain that i called you a racist or a misogynist or a xenophone or an arachnophobe . 
  i did n't . 
  i actually agree that this is disgusting . 
  i do n't feel any better when i see fucking ninjas walking the streets . 
  the handful of times i 've seen them , that is . 
   it is a statement , that the wearer subdued to the conservative view of women as lesser than men and being to men so , it is basically a statement that they are religious . 
  too bad that is not illegal , thought many times i wish it was, 
   you told me at some point earlier that i should stand by my convictions and now i 'm doing so . 
  yeah , it is easy to do that on the internet . 
  but what happens in person ? 
  i remember your previous post about how you repressed your own feelings . 
  too afraid to talk ? 
  well , good thing papa trump was there . 
  without him , without the alpha male protecting you , you would have kept repressing yourself . 
  because , lets face it , you would have never stood up for yourself . 
  and i read that your family was doing well , you live in the usa which is a great country , you also had a college education . 
  and you are still a victim ? 
  you are still whining and complaining that the world is against you ? 
  god damn some of you guys are sheltered . 
   i do think globalism is destroying people 's cultures . 
  you do n't have the evidence , nor the understanding of other people 's cultures , to judge this . 
  this is not something you should be concerning yourself with .
