  no idea what the merit is in that statement though . 
  was there any merit to their claims that iraq has wmd ? 
  eventually there comes a point where you need to stop trusting people who sell you fear , and are repeatedly proven to be wrong . 
  maybe if you did n't make up stuff , they would n't seem to ludicrous . 
  i do n't know if the us air force is overfunded and i did n't claim that it is ; the point is that if your own security services ( while being generously funded ) can not stop terrorists attacks ( that are easier to stop ) then maybe you should n't blame others ? 
  maybe such attacks are not easy to prevent so calling other people 's work `` shitty '' is unfair . 
  unless you are pushing an agenda , that is . 
  probably ? 
  a swede could differentiate between refugees over non-refugee local arabs that have been living in the country for generations . 
  in any case i do n't think you can always tell who the refugees are . 
  you do n't even go out much , so its a safe bet . 
  u.s. officials should bash the fact that they have the most powerful and expensive airforce in the world , but where defeated by box cutters . 
  this is merely agenda pushing . 
  if belgium 's security forces are shitty , every security force anywhere is shitty . 
  i do n't think so , especially not if you are a foreigner yourself . 
  alright , that makes more sense . 
  i guess i misunderstood you . 
  i disagree . 
  respecting someone 's * right to have a belief * is the key ; not respecting the belief itself . 
  i think its a subtle but extremely important difference . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  lived for 27 years in greece and i never encountered anyone living on favor-exchanges . 
  closest i saw was `` help me paint my room in exchange for a pizza '' or something like that . 
  for things that matter like rent , gas , groceries for your family etc people always pay with money . 
  the fact is that right-wingers and jihadis share a common enemy too : progressives . 
  does that mean they are allies ? 
  why is it stupid to not respect racist beliefs ? 
  one can only dream ... 
  its difficult to replace cash under the table with sheep or hay . 
  and what are those better ways to combat tax evasion ? 
  to me it seems like we have been in `` desperation mode '' the past few years so any solution would be welcome . 
   in reality it does work that way . 
  if you 're paying cash the transaction goes from buyer to seller . 
  and the only trace is receipt . 
  going cashless is adding one more party to the equation - the bank . 
  and the only task bank have to do is to change the numbers between two accounts and note the transaction . 
  and you have no right over that information ? 
  can the bank do with it whatever it wants ? 
  i 've yet to see this amazing alliance between left wingers and * conservative * muslims . 
  i 've heard right wingers complain about it , sure , but never any concrete evidence . 
  umm because i am stupid ? 
  you are right , i should have replied to him/her ... 
  sounds like the average right-winger to me . 
  progress is bad , the west is corrupt , gays are destroying the universe , etc. 
   i see groups of young men all the time that appear to be refugees . 
  i do n't really go out at night much so i ca n't speak to that . 
  no offence but are you basically admitting to not knowing ? 
  like you would n't know if those young people were refugees , but you assumed so anyway because of their behavior ? 
  people like to destroy other people , that is a fact lgbt folk are weak and vulnerable : they make the perfect target . 
   you ca n't just one day declare one thing that goes against mentality of entire generations and hope it goes well . 
  i do n't think anyone expected this to go well . 
  everyone knows that there are some people who will resist this . 
  this has nothing to do with muslims . 
  why this creepy fetishization with always changing the topic to be about muslims ? 
  i think this is a bad article , mostly consisting of fearmongering . 
   do we want this sector ( banking sector ) to have yet more power and influence ? 
  the author needs to argue * how * the sector is getting `` more power and influence '' if we go cashless . 
   in a world without cash , every payment you make will be traceable . 
  do you want governments ( which are not always benevolent ) , banks or payment processors to have potential access to that information ? 
  the power this would hand them is enormous and the potential scope for orwellian levels of surveillance is terrifying . 
  this is an interesting topic , but i 'd like to see better arguments . 
  what about privacy laws ? 
  just because you are paying online means you completely and irrevocably forfeit your privacy ? 
  i do n't think it works that way . 
   if your life savings were threatened with confiscation to bail out a corporation you considered profligate , i imagine you too would rush to withdraw them . 
  this is a strange argument . 
  we are ( and were , during 2008 ) living in a world full of cash ; that did not stop the government from bailing out the banks . 
  the idea that cash somehow empowers us in the fight against banks is demonstrably wrong . 
  in fact , its demonstrably wrong based on the same examples the author gave : greece and cyprus . 
  in both cases the government simply banned cash withdrawal . 
   but the main reason , simply , is that , to get a landline , you need a bank account and credit . 
  about half of the world 's population is `` unbanked '' , without access to the basic financial services you need . 
  ( ... ) the financial system was actually a barrier to progress for the world 's poor , while cash was a facilitator for them . 
  author is arguing against himself . 
  modern , digital and online banking services can easily reach those `` unbanked '' people . 
   if you listen to the scaremongering , you 'd start to think that all cash users are either criminals , tax evaders or terrorists . 
  sure , some use cash to evade tax , but it 's paltry compared to the tax avoidance schemes google and facebook have employed . 
  google does n't use cash to avoid tax . 
  it 's all done via legislative means . 
  coming from greece i can tell you that yes , people tax-evading on a large scale is a societal problem . 
  its not trivial . 
  people like the citizens of greece need to understand that their financial decisions affect others . 
  like if you decide to not pay taxes , that has a very real impact on other people who * do * pay taxes and depend on the governmental services that are funded with said taxes . 
  so the idea that we should be `` hands off '' when it comes to tax evasion is a strange one imho . 
  wikipedia offers a nice summary :  in the 1985 white paper on completion of the internal market , the european commission stressed that the absence of border checks must not provide an incentive to buy arms in countries with less strict legislation . 
  this goal was to be reached by approximation of the countries ' national legislation . 
  [ 70 ] it makes sense , as i said , if people have freedom of movement , criminals have it too , so its easier for them to smuggle or sell illegal firearms . 
  hence this legislation . 
  also , citizens keeping guns for personal use is not `` security policy '' i 'm afraid . 
  its a pretty strange reason to hate the eu . 
  how much does this affect your life ? 
  is an ar-15 worth quitting the eu ? 
  is it that important for you ? 
  i get that guns are cool but you are throwing the baby out with the bathwater here . 
  yeah they were not illegal , but when push came to shove , the us government made being a communist a practical impossibility . 
  your personal and professional life was destroyed if you were suspect of being `` unamerican '' during the cold war . 
  fbi agents deeply infiltrated the cpusa ( more than 10 % of its members were fbi agents , the ddr would be proud ) . 
  so yeah when it mattered , when there was an alternate systemic choice on the table , you were absolutely not free to chose it . 
  your government simply stepped in and prevented people from partaking in that ideology ( conservatives are proud of this too , which is ironic ) . 
  but keep telling yourself how free your speech is .
