  that does n't make sense at all . 
  if the majority of the people wanted such leaders , then they themselves would be procreating and thus this issue would not exist . 
  but the fact that these leaders do n't exist is actually caused by people not wanting children . 
  they simply do n't want such leaders to represent them . 
  what is going on , as usual , is a minority of angry conservatives who want leaders to enforce their ( bad imo ) worldview . 
   without falling down a slippery slope similar to last century ? 
  you ca n't , and they know it , which is exactly why they want such measures . 
  i mean it 's not like they would stop after introducing a 2-children-minimum policy . 
  that would be just the beginning . 
  i admit it was a cheap shot that backfired, 
  got ta love the brexiters hypocrisy . 
  post literally every refugee crime . 
  but post something bad about your own country ? 
  downvote and condemn !, 
  silence !, 
  this explains why nationalists are eager to embrace and cooperate with other people , people who do n't share their views / s, 
   the fact that he was a racist son of bitch should be enough it seems churchill was the first `` concerned citizen '', 
  a polish buddhist ? 
  buddhism is probably the least bad religion . 
  i mean we can certainly see that its teachings are relatively ( for a religion ) rational . 
  they are concerned with human suffering , or rather existential suffering , which is always good , if nothing else it builds empathy . 
  however , believing in the existence of magical beings in different dimensions is pretty fucking retarded no matter how morally good you are . 
   is a child worth less if conceived with the help of science ? 
  the short answer would be : yes . 
  christians like to pretend that their views are not at odds with science . 
  but then these stories come out about * based poland * who is keeping the refugee horde out and defending the proud native european values . 
  who would have thought that these proud european values include a raped woman being denied an abortion ? 
  amazing huh . 
  why ? 
   in reality people like you try to play down the historical transformation europe is witnessing unprecedented for the last 1000 years in order to quell the controversy of this issue . 
  it does n't help that people like you have been shouting this since , well , forever . 
  you have been [ crying wolf since 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) . 
  any number of foreigners , even the smallest one , makes you scream about the end of western civilization , millions of muslim rapists raping your white kids , the end of the proud national identity etc. 
  consequently , few people take you seriously . 
  also , the fact that you are wrong makes it even more ridiculous . 
   p.s before some braindead calls me nazi/racist/xenophobe / literally hitler , i do n't want culture of any european nation to be dominant in any me country either . 
  ah , whining about being called a racist - when nobody called you one . 
  the best way to whore karma in / r/europe . 
  yeah except people do n't want change that rule . 
  you are simply on the losing side of this argument . 
  and you interpret people having different opinions as `` arrogance '' ? 
  how dare they disagree with you , right ? 
  maybe you are the arrogant one here . 
  well if writing that nonsense made you feel better , then great, 
   they would most likely attack me and any other british person from outside of their social circle if they were in the wrong frame of mind . 
  it seems this has become the textbook response to any ( real or alleged ) xenophobic incident in the uk now . 
  i mean have they issued a manual where you get your answers from ? 
   all i can say is ... sorry , and please do n't tar us all with the same brush because of the actions of < 1 % . 
  the < 1 % number or may not be true , i would n't know , but what is funny is this `` logic '' is never applied when it comes to other groups of people like minorities or - gasp - refugees . 
  it 's only the proud natives that should not be tared with the same brush . 
  but are you a muslim ? 
  get deported out of europe you barbarian savage . 
  a migrant is not a race so it ca n't be racist / s, 
  username checks out, 
   a massive revolutionary leftist rage yeah , someone countering your ramblings is a `` massive revolutionary leftist rage '' . 
  sure thing man . 
  of course i mock the brits for doing `` whatever they want '' , it 's my right , just as they mock anything eu-related , and have been , for decades . 
  yet you simpletons keep saying `` it 's their country , they can do whatever they want '' . 
  come on , say it 10 more times and you might win a prize , 
  thankfully fewer and fewer people are like that . 
  when more people were like that , the world was shit . 
  ideology is cancer . 
  real people , their actual wellbeing , is worth infinitely more that abstract concepts - which are dumb as shit anyway , it 's not like `` loving your country '' and `` being proud of your glorious past '' is some kind of values , it 's more like some vague emotional state that usually makes these people feel like victims all the time ( i.e. 
  * our proud culture is under attack * and all that ) . 
   the fact that you find the whole concept of independent countries making independent decisions so negative tells a lot about you . 
  the typical right wing response . 
  hurr durr they can do whatever they want . 
  no shit polish sherlock holmes , i know that they are legally entitled to vote , literally nobody has argued against this and if you do n't beleive me go through all brexit threads . 
  nobody said that they ca n't vote in their referendums what many people are saying ( at least 48 % ) is that it was a dumb fucking idea . 
  the fact that a pole is cheering it on like some victory of the proud concerned white citizens just makes it hillarious , considering that they are beating and stabbing his own people . 
  it says more about you that disagreement with an obviously self-destructive decision means that i hate national sovereignity and am a liberal elite who hates the proud national cultures etc etc. 
  as all right wingers , the victim mentality is strong in you , it seems you guys ca n't really handle disagreement and it triggers identity issues and hurt emotions . 
   if fulfilling your personal desires is all you care about , you 're not gon na make kids . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  having kids is a fulfilling a personal desire too . 
  you want to be a mother or a father , have a family , so you go ahead and have some . 
  if someone tells you he or she has kid `` for the good of the motherland '' you should be skeptical . 
  allright but still your point seems wrong . 
  you failed to take advantage of the rising economy . 
  now you want everyone to be poorer because you did n't make it ? 
  i mean this question literally proves why nationalism is a retarded idea . 
  why is it always when there is a story about nazis someone goes * but are they real nazis ? 
  or is it just political correctness gone mad ? 
  * no other political or even religious choice is questioned . 
  no one sees a news article about communists , progressives , antifascists , even muslims or atheists ever goes * but are they really x ? * . 
  it 's only when it comes to nazis , that someone has to come out and start doing some hand-waving . 
   they bring crime and unemployment , homophobia and misogyny really ? 
  would you say they are misogynist enough to [ ban raped women from having abortions ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/23/polish-lawmakers-anti-abortion-bill ) ? 
  if so , i am sure they will fit right in poland , who is also a bastion for gay rights and tolerance towards homosexuals . 
  there was a polish poster here who actually agreed with the new direction the brits are taking . 
  he argued like * good , it 's their country , they can do whatever they want * . 
  nationalists care more about the idea of nationalism rather than their own people . 
   there are more important things in the world than having a lot of money . 
  this is pretty ironic coming from someone who is complaining about lack of money . 
  if you had enough of it , you would n't have to move out of your city . 
   i does n't . 
  however , that 's often the case . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think assuming that people rejecting views is ignorant/arrogant is petty . 
  especially these views .
