  reddit has this reply feature where you reply to a specific user , / u/jummy17 in this case . 
  so if he is your alt account , you might want to be careful next time . 
  you can look it up in a dictionary . 
  criticism vs hate speech . 
  it 's very simple , english is an easy language too . 
   so one of the categories that will be blocked is anti-immigrant speech ? 
  did you read the article or just trying to stir things up ? 
  so what you are saying is that its bad to stereotype people ? 
  or just bulgarians ? 
  so which cultures should these be ? 
  you mentioned muslims but seemed to have backtracked on that . 
  so lets assume you are in charge since its all so easy : how do you determine one 's culture and which ones do you choose to deport ? 
  so give an a logical/honest argument . 
  what percentage of a group should commit crime before we kick them out ? 
  how do you define groups ? 
  like based on gender , religion , race , country of origin , etc ? 
  let 's hear it . 
  depends on what you value in life . 
  if you are offended by the sight of beggars , yes you 'll probably enjoy eastern europe more . 
  but there are gypsies there , so keep that in mind . 
  but yeah if you can afford a house in the mountains you wo n't have bad life no matter where you live . 
  try living as the average person there and its a whole different story . 
  it wo n't , but it is interesting that those who rabidly demand the right to hurl hate speech against anyone at any time , are not the ones likely to be on the receiving end . 
  example : you 'll rarely find minorities and lgbts opposing these laws . 
  i mean the opposition is there too , it 's just that its rarer . 
  the dominant demographic seems to be older white males , which * coincidentally * is the demographic that is safer from hate speech . 
  so i hope you see his point . 
  edit : typo, 
  i understand your ideological oppositions to such laws , but lets forget ideology and look at objective reality . 
  we 've had anti-hate speech laws for some time and seen them in action . 
  do you think we ended up like 1984 here in europe ? 
  i understand that questioning what i just questioned might be enraging for some but that is not my intention . 
  think of it this way : do you this `` social cohesion '' would have increased in nazi parties were still legal in germany ? 
  honest questions . 
  not a single one ? 
  not one ( 1 ) at all ? 
  edit : thanks for the downvote without providing an answer . 
  i guess its very uncomfortable to have your opinions questioned , is it ? 
   a european union business may legitimately prohibit an employee from wearing a muslim headscarf on the job , provided the ban is based on a general company rule prohibiting visible political or religious symbols in the workplace , and not on prejudice against a particular religion . 
  tough luck . 
  you ca n't wear your cross either . 
  i see what you are saying , i 'm just pointing that it 's very convenient to draw the line there , exactly where christians will not be affected but muslims ( and others too , like sikhs ) will be . 
  but also look at what the article says :  provided the ban is based on a general company rule prohibiting visible political or religious symbols in the workplace , and not on prejudice against a particular religion . 
  i 've had many people downvoting me and arguing against me , while the law proves me right . 
  yes , your cross is comparable to a scarf , whether you like it or not . 
  people happily welcome double standards when christianity is concerned . 
  i await for the moment when wearing a cross will be banned from work . 
  oh wait , it wo n't , and if someone asks to then you will be the first to oppose it . 
  religion is a private matter only when islam is concerned . 
  when it comes to christianity its * but but but our tradition !, 
  but but but our culture !, 
  allright but just for the record there are no comparable populist far left parties at the moment . 
  it 's not a 50-50 split . 
  it 's a minority of far right wingers vs everybody else . 
  if sacrificing the refugees would keep us together i 'd do it too . 
  but that 's not gon na happen . 
  the populists have a lost list of ( historical ) demands that have little to do with the refugees . 
  they are very explicit and clear about it too . 
  so if you throw them the meat despite all that , you wo n't be the first nor the last to be deceived by then . 
   i should have an opinion on events/policies even if they do n't impact my daily life now . 
  you can have an opinion about the colonization of mars in 2300 . 
  nobody said you should n't have an opinion . 
  i only said that its wrong . 
  i am worried about it too , mainly , how climate change triggered the refugee crisis and how that will impact my children . 
  also the far right rising worries me , but i do n't see how catering to them will improve my life . 
  just bow down to their demands or they will get mad ? 
  really ? 
  if they had reasonable demands like `` kick out the economic immigrants but keep the refugees for a fixed amoubnt of time '' then i would be on board . 
  but they do n't . 
  they are insane . 
  for example , they are against abortion which is crazy and has nothing to do with the refugees . 
  so if you think that voting for a populist far right wing party will keep the `` status quo '' you are demonstrably wrong since that is the exact opposite of what they are telling you . 
   just look at what the current concerns people have with them - it 's the dominating topic in european politics right now . 
  i meant disruptive in our daily lives . 
  i am not talking about being offended on the internet , or having your feelings hurt , or raging due to some policies you disagree with anyway ( even if the refugees did not exist ) . 
  i am talking about the effect this * actually * has on your quality of life , which is objectively negligible . 
  also nobody is going extreme left wing . 
  you find a lot of annoyed people like you who reject refugees on principle ( like , without them affecting your life in the slightest ) yet the opposite literally never happens - no one has ever said lets invite more refugees to combat the far right wing . 
  that would be crazy . 
  it 's really a one-sided fight from an insane conservative group who is using the refugees as an excuse to shove their conservative agenda down our throats . 
  why would they ? 
  i know some people in chalkidiki who work in the tourist industry . 
  small , family businesses . 
  they make a ridiculous amount of money by working only 3-4 months a year . 
  money is n't everything in life . 
  money is good , but people are seeing their quality of life go down when massive amounts of unruly tourists disrupt their daily lives . 
  refugees , on the other hand , do n't disrupt anyone . 
  i know / r/europe has probably convinced you that refugees are raping white girls , stabbing white men , defecating on images of jesus , basically destroying white culture 24/7 but this is n't really the case . 
  for the overwhelming majority of the population , they are invisible . 
  so despite the anti-left agenda you are trying to push , in reality this is very reasonable . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine what went through your head , for you to conclude that `` white males '' will be sent away and `` non-white females '' will be brought in . 
  what kind of extremely ideology , conspiracy theory , incredibly anti-left and anti-refugee sentiment would lead to even considering the above scenario a possibility ? 
  this must be one of the strangest comments i 've seen ... 
  you did n't get it - if something so weak as a couple of loan-words will destroy your culture , then maybe its a shitty culture . 
  i know that 's not a pc thing to say but it is what it is . 
  of course french culture is too unique to be damaged by loan words or netflix . 
  but the fact that some people think that it can , means they are insecure . 
  insecurity : thinking that an ant can hurt you , because you do n't believe in your strength , you do n't know how strong you are , or you are simply weak . 
   i 'll complain about any kind of censorship , and there 's not a damned thing you can do about it really ? 
  there is no progressive pc brigade all of a sudden ?
