  i 'll give it a rest when i want to . 
  not through your childish comments . 
   but i no longer do . 
   implying you once did . 
  dude . 
  no one is buying your narrative . 
  * i am a nice remainer but you euers are so mean to me that you forced me to leave !, 
  who knows , i might switch over to the other side !, 
  * no one is buying that idiocy . 
  you might wan na try a different angle with your second account, 
  allright , just do n't forget to prep your second account . 
  i mean its not like you are actually leaving , lol also you can try and make a long-winded bs post telling us all how mean we are and how unfair we are to the uk . 
  make a new thread and whine as much as you can . 
  just like some other fellow countrymen of yours . 
  well , this is what nationalists generally tend to do, 
  oh is this why we celebrate [ a war we lost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ohi_day ) ? 
  must be because we are so hard to get, 
  what is an embarassment is the stuff you write . 
  constantinople first fell in [ 1204 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_constantinople_/ ( 1204 / ) ) and the empire was never the same . 
  it was gutted and never truly recovered from it . 
  guess who did it ? 
  our european , white christian brothers . 
  they did us in . 
  the turks just finished the job . 
  this city means nothing to do and does not represent anything of significance to you . 
  it has nothing to do with your language , your history , your culture or your religion . 
  please do n't appropriate other people 's history to write anti-turkish or just anti-muslim crap . 
   misfortunes til democracy is a misfortune, 
  * [ rule britannia intensifies ] *, 
  you already said you do n't like it here , so why linger ? 
  i am just helping you out, 
  well i 'm hopping to get you to gtfo sooner, 
  well you just got a glimpse what its like to be a minority , even if it was a virtual and thus perfectly safe experience . 
  keep it in mind !, 
  of course not . 
  once you realize how shitty brexit is , you wo n't stick around to defend your fellow countrymens choice - as you are constantly doing now . 
   this is n't something i had expected from somebody with a greece tag this might surprise you but not all people living in a country think or act the same way . 
  i know this is the nationalist wetdream , but sadly reality does not work this way . 
   do you not agree that if greece had it 's own currency as the uk does , it 's economy and by extension it 's people would be hugely better off ? 
  are you insane ? 
  like literally insane ? 
  how about you start basing your observations on reality rather than ideology ? 
  we had full control over our currency and our economy for decades . 
  we had it good . 
  and what did we do ? 
  we pilled up obscene amount of debt on our children . 
  we used the power to devalue our currency to just print free money . 
  people are right not to trust us . 
  i do n't trust us . 
  the generation ( s ) from 1974 ( when the dictatorship ended ) to 2008 have been a cancer for greece and the damage they caused will continue to hamstring us until at least another generation . 
   you seem incredibly bitter and i hope things improve for you . 
  i am not bitter , actually i pretty sweet once you get to know me . 
  and thank you , things will improve for me as the pounds drops and as i see you complaining . 
  have you thought about exporting some of that salt ? 
  there could be a market for it . 
  but democracy ? 
  but sovereignty ? 
  rule britannia and all that ? 
  your people voted for brexit and their choice must be respected and seen through to the bitter end . 
  who are you to tell them otherwise ? 
  are you against democracy ? 
  do you hate the proud british people ? 
  are you a european elite fascist ? 
  the people democratically and proudly voted for this so stop complaining or you are literally hitler . 
  enjoy your weaker pound . 
  awww look at you caring for the 48 % , the same group of people you painted anything from traitors to terrorist sympathizers . 
  also i like how you brexiters handle your grief . 
  so far , you are going through all the stages : 1 . 
  denial , * they are trying to scare us with `` project fear '' * !, 
  anger , * fuck europe , fuck brussels , i hope the eu collapses . 
  bargaining , like * we can keep our trade deals but stop freedom of movement , ca n't we ? 
  depression - this is where you are now . 
  the magnitude of your stupidity has started dawning on you . 
  * aww guys do n't be so mean ... we will get poor ... please do n't be dicks ... :( * 5 . 
  acceptance . 
  this will happen sometime this year , maybe close to the year 's end . 
  i 'm looking forward to it . 
  i know right ? 
  it 's almost as if they are crazy . 
   the government has said multiple times it wants current eu migrants to stay but it will not guarantee without a reciprocal agreement from the rest of europe for british migrants so you basically argued against yourself . 
  the fate of eu migrants depends on these negotiations . 
  these negotiations are a novelty and are also expected to be difficult . 
  therefore you ca n't guarantee shit . 
  propaganda is n't lying . 
  propaganda is half-truths and omitting important information , as you did . 
  you seem to think that the word of british politicians is worth anything . 
  it 's not . 
  rationality fills the vacuum quite well . 
  but i guess that would be bad for you . 
  orthodoxy has n't either . 
  but you are right about catholicism , my bad , they really believe in this `` theistic evolution '' crap, 
  ummm no they have n't, 
   why feel sorry for some eyeless shark , because it 's not human ? 
  no , because it ca n't see shit, 
   seems you 're not capable of viewing anything beyond very simple binary / black and white perspectives . 
  i learned it from you guys , where all muslims , refugees , pro-eu people and liberals are `` bad '' and all nationalists are `` good '' . 
   one question , are you really a greek ? 
  as a pro eu greek is quite funny . 
  it 's like a pro christmas turkey . 
  what is this `` christmas '' thing you are speaking of ?
