  they mean nothing to them . 
  and i mentioned it because people think that greeks somehow share `` european '' values . 
  except for some liberal minorities in the two big cities , this is not true at all . 
  i hate to break this to you but conservative parents in rural greece could not give a shit about `` human rights '' even if they had many shits to spare . 
   you seriously think that we believe in another dimensions just to believe in another dimensions ? 
  :d i ca n't read minds so in matters of faith i try to take peoples ' word at face value . 
  if you tell me you believe in other dimensions , i will conclude that you believe in other dimensions . 
  and i get it , you claim there is some deeper meaning or symbolism in these concepts ( exactly like christians do with heaven and hell ; they claim its abstract and symbolic and not a real place but rather a state of being etc etc , a lot of occult mysticism exists in that direction ) . 
  but is that true ? 
   dhamma is a boat , you swim to the other side of a river with it and then you leave it . 
  i will risk a statement that you have honestly never seen anyone crossing this metaphorical river nor can consistently demonstrate that faith is discarded once the river is crossed . 
  it sounds more like an alchoholic making promises . 
  you will abandon your faith once you become `` enlightened '' just as they quit drinking once they feel better . 
  except they do n't . 
  lol what are you asking ? 
  this sub is 100 % convinced that merkel is a leftist . 
  so it does n't matter who you are or what you believe in . 
  if you ai n't a right winger , it 's all the same to them . 
  i see that you dug up all the fotos to find anything that would give you ammunition to spew your hatred . 
  good job . 
  i hope they are at least paying you something for your efforts . 
  here how this works : * antifascists protesting fascism ? 
  * they are just as bad as the real nazis , they are literally hitler * etc. 
  * nazis doing something bad ? 
  * they are not real nazis but concerned citizens , they are just normal people fighting back the horde of muslim rapists * etc. 
  it is so transparent . 
  we 've been used to this rhetoric for the past decades and with the refugee crisis now it is even more transparent . 
  people said the same thing about [ our neo-nazi party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party ) ) when they were a handful or retards and had like 0.5 % of the vote . 
  everyone was like * meh , who cares , they are just fringe morons , it 's just the media scaring us * and all that . 
  now they are the third largest political entity and have 18 elected mps , which means they actually get to decide what laws we live under . 
  and they are very similar to the finnish resistance movement when it comes to holocaust denial and nazism and basically every key issue far-right wing issue . 
  yes , and the uk worked very hard to * not * have friends in europe . 
  so ... mission accomplished ? 
  you are getting what you always wanted . 
   so you see why people believe demographic replacement is occurring . 
  yes . 
  because they are uninformed and are parroting right-wing propaganda designed to generate maximum fear and hysteria . 
  [ germany to use bigger-than-expected budget surplus on refugees ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-budget-iduskcn0ur19q20160113 ) . 
   people simply want europeans and their cultures to exist . 
  nope . 
  europeans and their culture will still * exist * even if the population is halved . 
  what these ( and not all ) people want is to shove their conservative , traditionalist worldview down everyone 's throat . 
   the 500 lb . 
  gorilla in the room is global warming but a lot of conservatives ( fiscally or morally ) have insisted that global warming is not real , its a scam for the government to push socialism , jesus will take care of earth , etc. 
  the same people demand we have more babies . 
  it is literally a suicidal worldview and no wonder we face so many problems where roughly half of our population consists of these people . 
  so basically you are admitting that even if we cut all immigration completely , right-wingers will still bitch and moan . 
  i mean i already knew this ; i know that nothing is found to be satisfactory in the nationalist worldview , since you have to be in a constant state of fear/paranoia/anger . 
  but i just find it hilarious that even if we somehow catered to your demands and literally built walls around europe where absolutely no one would come in ... you 'd still be angry . 
  that still would n't be good enough . 
  you 'd still have to get angrier and take matters in your own hands ( political correct speech for being a criminal , but being a criminal is ok if you are a right-winger i guess ? 
  it 's only bad when others do it ) . 
  if nothing else , this tells normal people to never take you seriously . 
   native europeans will be a minority in our own countries within our lifetimes . 
  if we had one child each time somebody said this , we 'd need to colonize mars right now to make room for people . 
   europe needs to go and is probably going ( esp . 
  eastern europe ) japanese way and imho it 's exactly the right way homogeneity is utopia . 
  it leads to more harm than good . 
  you end up having political parties of `` concerned citizens '' who want to force their morality and worldview on everyone else . 
  you can look at europe pre ww2 when nationalism was at an all-time high , to see what the obsession with homogeneity does to people . 
  note that i am not talking about immigration . 
  you can ban immigration completely and it would n't change my point . 
  the native populations themselves are not homogeneous nor can they be . 
  greece was pretty much 100 % ethnically greek in 1946 , yet we still had a civil war where brothers literally killed their own siblings . 
  top-down enforced homogeneity is not a european value . 
  we ca n't live like that . 
  we still value some individual freedoms such as freedom of belief ( or lack thereof ) . 
  finally , you completely missed the fact that japan is a single sovereign country and europe consists of a lot of sovereign countries willingly united together in a confederation . 
   these kind of articles make me feel like i should feel guilty of not popping kids out like there is no tomorrow . 
  that is the conservative agenda . 
  they know they ca n't force you to breed , so they resort to humiliation and dehumanization of those who are childless - especially women . 
   a ) marrying someone 10 years older and depend on his money yup . 
  it is an attempt on social engineering that would have women dependent on men . 
  this is why they do n't want them starting careers or having a stable job before having kids . 
  because , that way , they stop being 100 % dependent on men . 
  also my long term gf works in tech and started her career in a very conservative country ( greece ) so i kind of know these things from the inside . 
  it is actually worse than it sounds . 
  i just hope finland is not as bad . 
  how about this : no children : you no taxes for any public services that are child related ( their healthcare , their schools , the family subsidies , etc ) . 
  one child : you pay a little tax two children : normal tax etc i mean i pay a shitload of tax that funds * your * children 's education , health and wellbeing . 
  so i might as well keep that money over the course of several decades , so it would boost my pension up a little bit when i retire . 
   this is a bit complicated topic . 
  erhaps what is presented by our current leaders as `` a problem that needs a solution '' in reality is n't ? 
  perhaps it 's a natural way to form better society - less crowded , poorer , but also generally happier ? 
  i think it is very simple . 
  if you want to have kids , you have kids . 
  end of story . 
  nobody has ever forced anyone to not have kids . 
  governments would love more kids , since that means more taxpayers . 
  it is the people who want less kids . 
  governments and politicians are busy trying to get people to reproduce more but their results are debatable . 
  but generally speaking this is a non-issue . 
  breeding is a biological need . 
  you do n't need anyone to tell you to have kids . 
  i do n't get it . 
  once again , you need a majority of people to elect a leader who would enforce breeding quotas . 
  if you had these numbers , you would n't have underpopulation . 
   this may mean that they count asylum seeker on asylum seeker crimes as xenophobic hate crime . 
  what is `` meri-based '' ? 
   replacing them with those who listens to their people .
