  just argue the points , please . 
  no more of this meta crap . 
   too many people are treating the answer to this question as a blanket `` yes . 
  '' , that his supporters are just racists , xenophobes and all the other ists , isms and phobes . 
  like whom ? 
  i 've seen very few posts like these . 
  on the other hand , there are dozens of posts attacking minorities  i take issue with not even trying to understand why his supporting base is growing . 
  `` oh whelp , more people are becoming racist , c'est la vie . '', 
  well , i 'm sorry , but it is pointless . 
  people are cunts . 
  it is not even a left vs right or racist vs anti-racist thing . 
  people just love negativity and hatred , complaining about everything , attacking the weak , bullying the powerless , not to mention ... not even realizing how good we have it now . 
  and taking it for granted . 
  there is little you can do about this . 
  the only thing that might work is having enough wealth and comfort so that the inner cunt of humanity becomes pacified . 
  it is not perfect and it does n't always work , but it is all we have . 
  go watch the video . 
  european populists are bitter while living in the best part of the planet . 
  and they actively try to destroy it because they are such bitter cunts . 
  they deserve nothing . 
  did you not read the whole fucking page he wrote ? 
  he made a very long and elaborate ( at least for our standards ) analysis and rebuttal to what wilders said . 
  whole paragraphs explaining why he though that was a racist thing to say . 
  and what do you say ? 
  the same thing we keep hearing , like a tape recorder . 
  you said he `` solely labelled the ppv supporters as racists '' when he did not do that ; he actually said  his ( wilders ) remarks simply are racist . 
  not that his supporters are racists , not that he himself is a racist , but that he made a racist remark . 
  and he argues extensively on it . 
  yet you do n't even like that . 
  it sounds like your problem is hearing the word `` racist '' . 
  there is something in that word that when you read it you are automatically triggered . 
  you ca n't even tolerate a debate about it . 
   besides as a greek you should know better than to trust the jerry 's . 
  lol that is borderline racist grow up man this is n't a ww2 computer game, 
   its a consequence of globalisation . 
  it 's called capitalism not globalisation . 
  why do you guys need to rebrand everything to make it more palatable ? 
  just call things as they are . 
  because there is no evidence to suggest that this is happening . 
  listen man , if you are a brit and ca n't find a job ( esp . 
  when unemployment is at a low 5.4 % ) then you are a failure and darwinism should take its course . 
  yeah , look at my flair to get some perspective . 
  these cunts were born in one of the world 's strongest and richest countries , during a unprecedented period of world peace . 
  and what do they do ? 
  they whine , nag , complain and attack those who are poorer than them . 
  not to mention that they decided to undermine the eu , because fuck the rest of europe and fuck everyone else who is n't an angry , useless and bitter twat like them . 
   why do german people like you ... nice man . 
  personal attacks , dismissals and of course lying and misrepresenting the opinion of others . 
  keep it up and you will sure convince these dirty germans !, 
   the important bit to take away is that just calling someone racist does nothing to persuade them . 
  who was called a racist here ? 
  did you read op ? 
   i thought the one thing we 've learned from 2016 is that calling people racist will just make them want to vote against you more ? 
  came in this thread and expected to find this . 
  where is your evidence for this ? 
  you guys sure like repeating that and even hand out goal , but how can you actually know that calling someone ( who ? ), 
  a racist makes him vote for ( allegedly ? ), 
  racist parties ? 
   elites telling people what they should and should n't think , what is and is n't okay to believe and how they should vote has been the immediate cause of most of the political problems in the west in 2016 . 
  this is untrue and is a prime example of these dismissals you like to complain about . 
  you literally dismiss an opinion you do n't like because `` liberal elites '' . 
  who was the elite here ? 
  this is a reddit discussion between users , so please get off your high horse and do n't imply people are `` out of touch '' just because they disagree with your vision for society . 
   you made it about wealth redistribution ... 
  i think that is what that author argued for . 
  i could be wrong tho so feel free to correct me if you 've actually read any of his books . 
   wht do you mean almost ? 
  i should n't have said almost . 
  i meant that protectionism is an old policy that has been rejected in favor of free trade . 
  trump is now bringing back protectionism despite it being rejected . 
  at least that was his promise , since we do n't know what he will actually do . 
   nice goal post switch . 
  indeed , but the discussion was n't whether wealth redistribution works or not . 
  protectionism was almost tried and rejected , especially by the people who championed free trade . 
  inb4 * this is why people voted for trump and brexit *, 
  i do n't know . 
  it seems people do n't learn from their mistakes . 
  blaming immigrants for a country 's problems has n't worked either , but i am sure this time it will turn out great / s, 
   this would be where `` my english is better than yours '' comes in . 
  apparently , the better your english is , the more  dude , seriously . 
  the deceptive word is `` despite '' , as you 've been told many times . 
  this is what i replied to , before you jumped in :  they 've also framed it in a deceptive way . 
  the numbers that are falling are those of new refugees , but the total of refugees is still increasing . 
  if there is deception is has nothing to do with `` the numbers that are falling are those of new refugees '' since that was extremely very clear . 
  and you can continue being smug all you want man . 
  here , i 'll let you have the final word . 
  have fun . 
   britain is already taking syrian refugees - but we 're doing it properly . 
  that is because you live on the other side of europe , on an island too . 
  you do n't share a border with syria like turkey does . 
  nor is turkey your neighbor , nor do you have any neighboring countries that can easily bully you by opening the `` floodgates '' as they so eloquently put it . 
  if hundreds of thousands of people could just walk over to your country , we 'd be having a different conversation . 
  but they ca n't , so being smug about it does n't help . 
  strange , because i was n't deceived . 
  they seem like perfectly clear sentences to me . 
  maybe when i master english the way you have , i will also be confused by words like `` new '' . 
  it 's not globalism , it 's capitalism . 
  pikety argues for state interventionism and a global tax structure that would redistribute wealth . 
  and , obviously , that would never happen . 
  literally the entire planet 's right wing would be against such a solution ( and a good deal of the left wing as well ) .
