  but this is the third time . 
  this pc-police must be pretty fucking weak , if it exists at all , for them not to be able to harm this guy . 
  well the same can be said for progressives then . 
  what is this culture with strong in-group preference ? 
  he was charged of breaking a law . 
  he was acquitted , so the pc-police is pretty useless , if it even exists ( it does n't ) . 
  if anyone compares the eu to ussr then that person is a moron . 
  now i do n't think the people of hungary are morons , i am pretty sure they can tell the difference between the ussr and the eu . 
  anyone can . 
  they are not even in the same category , calling them both `` super-states '' is a joke . 
  if nothing else , this insults the people who had to live in the ussr , by comparing that shit with the mild and toothless eu . 
  well if we have to compare hungary to `` multiculti '' sweden or germany , we can all see which country is doing better , so your argument does n't really hold ... 
  even if you arbitrarily decide that `` hungary = / = its citizens '' then that still does n't excuse their attitude . 
  if the eu gives money and they do n't reach you , guess who is to blame ? 
  your own politicians . 
   i really think you 're confusing the motives of anti-globalism . 
  i am aware that they want a world of neatly separated ( yet artificial imho ) distinct nation-states , each one run in its own traditional way - whatever that way is . 
  of course they wo n't be identical . 
  but the rest , the progressives , the non-traditionalists , can go to hell . 
   they want to protect their countries/cultures from outside influences yes , but also from inside influences . 
  namely , the left . 
  that traitorous bunch . 
  that is why they help one another . 
  trump is very concerned with european politics since it affects america . 
  he would be stupid to ignore what is happening here . 
  the same goes for the european far right who ca n't get enough of trump . 
  what i 'm saying is n't really controversial . 
  what is controversial is them admitting that they have their own brand of globalism , their ideal world is one where traditional conservative cultures rule everywhere and they are totally willing to help one another achieve their common goal . 
  no , i used to respect religious people but the older i get , the more retarded i think they are it 's like my fedora is growing with time, 
  so its just a coincidence that he is allying with wilders ? 
  it 's not . 
  people of his ilk stick with one another . 
  they share the same goal . 
  btw i am not criticizing him for this , since any sane person would do the same . 
   but do n't force western countries to adopt and accept cultures that contradict our basic values but any value you disagree with is considered `` wrong '' so it gets dumped . 
  and i am not talking about islamic culture since its obviously backward . 
  i am talking about progressive ideas that get immediately dismissed even when the majority accepts them . 
  thing is , you want conservativism everywhere . 
  nothing else is acceptable . 
  hence , globalism . 
  and i 'm not saying its wrong , i mean , progressivism can obviously be globalist as well . 
  but lets not pretend wilders and his ilk are any different . 
  does the same apply to muslims ? 
  guys , seriously , are n't you tired of giving the [ same speech ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) every year ? 
  no , the rivers of blood are not running . 
  it 's been more than five decades and they ai n't running . 
  give it a rest . 
   greek orthodox church ( roman orthodox church ) was also pro-ottoman this is kind of true , and i can only imagine the saltiness it will cause to many greek users here, 
  you are right . 
  username `` muscular_boner '' should have tipped me off, 
  man , take it easy . 
  do you really think the whole german government has no contingency plan ? 
  like nobody thought of this , except you ? 
  also , even if they have a plan b , do you seriously think thomas de maizi\u00e8re would fucking admit it like that ? 
  in the open ? 
  i understand being angry at politicians but this is unreasonable . 
  wow look at this thread . 
  grafing has become / r/the _ donald 's waterloo, 
  where do you see this happening ? 
  implying that it was easier for you some time in the past, 
  does `` konstantiniyye '' sound better ? 
  people were kind of pissed after being enslaved for centuries . 
  ideally all all temples should be made parking lots . 
  we could really use the space ... 
   nothing like good old religious homogenisation . 
  anatolia and thrace used to be full of christians , shias and jews . 
  now everything is sunni-turkish . 
  umm . 
  it used to be full of local `` pagan '' cults , each tied to the history of its own place , before the christians homogenized everything . 
  so basically somebody sued him does n't sound that dramatic now does it ? 
  especially if you are famous , its not strange at all, 
  pleasantness is subjective, 
  it 's not that strange . 
  think about it : the so called `` anti-globalists '' want a global domination of traditional , right-wing conservative cultures . 
  for them , any culture that is n't unquestionably conservative needs to be destroyed . 
  any non-conservative worldview is n't valid , it can never represent the people and their hopes and dreams . 
  only conservativism can do that . 
  and according to them , if you do n't worship tradition you are part of this evil conspiracy designed to destroy the judeo-christian civilization . 
  this is really globalism . 
  trump and wilders , in their idiocy , are globalists themselves because they desire the world to function in only one way . 
  literally zero sense . 
  so in this multicultural world , will islam be destroyed because it will be `` blended together '' with the west ? 
  he was jailed ? 
  so the law is political correctness now ? 
  also he was acquitted , so that kind of defeats your argument . 
  how exactly did you deal with this mess ? 
  from your couch ? 
  yeah you are upset so people need to die . 
  idiot . 
   no mention on how most of the asylum officers and other aid the eu pledged never showed up . 
  please elaborate ? 
  i 've heard many conflicting things about this . 
  yeah i know but can you read the rest of my post ? 
  you can emigrate and assimilate in another country , if you want . 
   irrelevant term for us and europe in 2016 lol someone lives a sheltered life, 
  lol i was obviously joking in fact , looking at our respective economies i have to question our revolution . 
  9.3 % vs 24.4 % unemployment ? 
  thanks a lot kolokotronis ... 
  this comment needs to be upvoted and stickied . 
  it perfectly demonstrates how afd supporters are immune to facts .
