  try living with ~ 50 % youth unemployment and see how your opinion would change . 
   so as to not `` give air to racism . '', 
  i find it amazing that so many people accept their excuse at face value . 
  i mean , this is the same police that allowed hundreds of kids being to get raped , but you take their word for it ? 
  maybe there was something else going on ( like , police ineptitude , laziness , cowardice , etc ) but they used this excuse to shut down any further public inquiries . 
  because people , in their anti-pc hysteria , are very eager to accept that excuse , since it validates their preconceived notions . 
  itt : people saying that this is not * real * slavery seriously guys, 
   you probably have n't struggled to find entry level jobs your unemployment is at [ a ten year low ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-35594650 ) , despite these open borders having allegedly `` failed '' . 
  there has been a large demand for labor in the richer countries like the uk . 
   conflating eu skepticism with xenophobia . 
  as a super pro-eu liberal , that was dumb as fuck . 
  if he or she would have stopped at `` old man '' it would have been great . 
  i do n't see the uk 's anti-eu folks being xenophobic . 
  they are , of course , wrong , and their rhetoric ( eu is literally hitler and the fourth reich combined ) is retarded . 
  but racists ? 
  i mean , if you wan na see some actually racist anti-eu folks , [ look at greece ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2016/03/09/schulz-kicks-golden-dawn-politician-out-of-european-parliament-video/ ) . 
   i think the eu makes the wrong decisions , which also plainly do n't resonate with the electorate . 
  well , i find this insulting . 
  just because you do n't like the decisions does not mean that the decision-making process is not fair . 
  unfortunately , this is the new popular way of arguing for many people , whether they are anti-refugee right wingers or anti-eu or both . 
  they do n't argue against the policies themselves , but the process of choosing a policy . 
  like they were forced upon a helpless populace or something . 
  i think that this is destructive to the discussion , because it shifts the focus to another ( toxic ) level completely . 
  you do n't know if these policies resonate with the population , i mean , you know if they resonate with you and perhaps some of your friends , but that 's it . 
  sadly necessary disclaimer : not saying that you should n't talk about it , of course you should , it 's just that there is no evidence to support this . 
  people are mad at some recent policies ( duh ! ), 
  but that does n't mean the majority think like you or even want the eu to be disbanded . 
  i think that would be an exaggeration . 
  for god , king and country . 
  i will get downvoted for this , but this is what happens when nationalism runs amok . 
  never forget . 
   instead of growing bureaucracy i do n't think you grasp the complexity of getting 28 sovereign countries , including some of the world 's biggest economies , to agree on something . 
  just look at the bureaucracies in homogenous , rich , first world countries e.g. 
  germany . 
  and let 's not even talk about the southern and eastern european countries , how well they run things . 
  so expecting anything less than a lot of bureaucracy in the eu is delusional or deliberately agitative . 
  there have been so many discussions and referendums on the matter , so we can all see what they want . 
  i think the gist is : we want things to go our way 100 % of the time . 
  any compromise is seen as a treacherous loss of national sovereignty to the internationalist brusselian elite . 
  i 'm sorry but reality does n't work that way . 
  if you join a team , you need to occasionally compromise . 
  why ? 
  because the net benefit is greater . 
  it 's in the best interest of your country to compromise . 
  that and also there is a disturbingly high amount of people who just want to stick it to the world . 
  highly frustrated youngish males , who see `` brussels '' as the manifestation of everything wrong in the world , based on their vaguely patriotic worldview . 
  they want to see the eu burn to the ground as a form of entertainment , really . 
  and its their right . 
  if that 's what they want , then it is what it is . 
  i just do n't see any point in pretending this is done for some kind of `` european unity '' when its clearly not . 
  if you want unity , you 're gon na have to compromise , one way or another . 
  except the eu already exists so its not a dream . 
  and i am willing to build integration through the eu , not destroy it and hope it will magically re-emerge some years down the line . 
  you think china is better ? 
  sure then go be a communist and tear down some churches . 
  either way you 're gon na have to abandon your traditional values . 
  i do n't think that 's what most anti-eu folks have in mind . 
  they want a eu that perfectly caters to their national needs , dreams and desires literally 100 % of the time . 
  in reality , you have to compromise . 
  sometimes the eu will seem bad because sometimes you will be on the losing side . 
  anything else is utopian . 
   being against this eu does n't mean being against european unity . 
  in theory , yes . 
  in reality , if the eu collapses then it will probably take european unity down with it . 
  is it worth sacrificing everything for a utopian dream ? 
  or just compromise with an imperfect reality ? 
  i 'd say the latter , but that 's just me . 
  very few countries actually admit the crimes they committed germany is an exception , their brutal honesty is unique and you ca n't really expect that from turkey . 
  turkey has a lot of nationalists and for them their feelings ( aka pride ) is the most important thing in the universe, 
  sounds like the average nationalist, 
  but we do n't see this in reality . 
  monocultures have not just declined but are on the losing end , and have been for some time now . 
  so yeah just keep in mind that what sounds good in theory does n't always translate that way in reality , for a multitude of reasons . 
   this ` live and let live ' attitude is just more of your liberal-individualist ideology i do n't have much of an ideology . 
  i just go with this because it works , unlike your insane medievalist fantasies . 
   but you are morally just in forcing him to pay for the welfare of the hundreds of thousands of migrants you just let into the country . 
  do you have a better way than democracy to determine how taxes are spent ? 
  please i 'm all ears, 
   please realise you are projecting your prejudices on me . 
  do you deny wanting anyone to live in a way you deem nationally acceptable , and accuse everyone else to being part of a. . . global leftist conspiracy ? 
  dude , believe me , people actually disagree with you . 
  people just do n't want what you want . 
  it 's not a conspiracy , i promise , in fact i do n't understand why it 's so incredibly hard to accept that people object to the way of life you want to impose upon them . 
   and , as the crash of merkel 's approval rates shows , they are not happy at all . 
  we are not talking about the refugees but the idea of demanding everyone to share an `` identify by blood '' . 
  germans have rejected this . 
   the key difference being , of course , that mlk stood in line with your ideology , while i do not . 
  nope , i already explained it . 
  it 's perfectly fine to be a conservative and worship jesus or whatever . 
  the problem beings when you angrily demand the rest of society should follow suite and vote for insane retards who will shove your agenda down our throats . 
   please stop with the moralising language . 
  do n't you understand that it only works within a shared frame of reference ? 
  it usually works . 
  people who feel self-entitled might eventually get it , if they are repeatedly met with firm refusal . 
   i am ` frustrated ' at ` not seeing the world functioning as i think it should ' . 
  yeah ... ? 
  so was mlk . 
  is that supposed to be something to be ashamed of ? 
  comparing yourself to mlk . 
  let me repeat that , comparing yourself to mlk .
