  the eu 's red lines were already known . 
  nothing has been dispelled . 
  i do n't know how else to put this to you but the negotiations have not started . 
  we do n't even know when they will start . 
  nobody negotiated anything - in fact , nobody is even allowed to negotiate anything before article 50 . 
  you are trying to find a rational explanation , which is n't the best approach when it comes to politics . 
  people vote out of emotion . 
  nobody really makes decisions based on facts . 
  a fact-driven society would be completely different from any society in existence right now , i mean it 's kind of hard to even imagine it . 
  so it does n't really matter what the data is , when it comes to eu immigration . 
  what matters is perception , which is manipulated by the media . 
  thanks for apologizing but you should rather try not to be embarrassed for what you are . 
  it 's not bad being an immigrant . 
   it has . 
  the stance of the government is currently that we 're fine being outside the single market if we do n't get concessions for immigration . 
  the stance of the eu is that they 'll never budge on immigration . 
  this was known for years beforehand , brexit or no brexit . 
  freedom of movement is not subject to change . 
  i ca n't believe that still has n't got through to you . 
  so anyway , nothing has changed . 
  except maybe some of your people realizing that your politicians are full of shit , and withdrew their support of brexit . 
  ah yes , how could i forget the english semantics of political discourse . 
  if you are white ( or come from the `` correct '' kind of country ) then you are an expat . 
  brits and americans love to call themselves that , when they live abroad . 
  if you are dark skinned ( or come from the `` wrong '' place despite being white e.g. 
  balkans ) then you are labelled an `` immigrant '' . 
   its better because someone who is consistently wrong should n't be listened to strangely enough he did n't mention anyone  do you think the experts at the imf were right about the economic solution to greece problems ? 
  would you listen to them about such matters in the future ? 
  everyone was wrong about greece . 
  but i can grant you that and still it 's not * just * the imf who warned against brexit . 
  so the point you are trying very hard to make does not make sense . 
  the dude said `` experts from organizations with acronyms '' . 
  i mean has the bar dropped so low ? 
  you are an immigrant yourself . 
   and , last but not least , politically correct culture which punishes those who openly express negative opinion of this . 
  dude , that shit is not fashionable anymore . 
  you played the whiny victim for far too long . 
  i think people caught onto it . 
  claiming that you are being victimized by political correctness does not make you look like a proud patriotic hero , as you probably image . 
  instead it just makes you look sad . 
   so , 50.3 % leave , 49.6 % remain . 
   not much change there . 
  pretty huge change , considering the margins . 
  brexit won by 3,78 % of the popular vote ( 51,89 % vs 48,11 % ) . 
  based on this poll , brexit would win again by 0,7 % . 
  that is a like a fifth of what is used to be . 
  so it 's like brexit 's advantage became five time smaller and brexit has not even started . 
   a majority of uk adults feel the need for britain to govern itself outweighs the economic risks of brexit with 56 % holding this opinion in comparison to the 44 % who take the opposite view . 
  britain always governed itself , so this is inconsequential . 
   more people approve of theresa may 's performance regarding the ongoing negotiations over brexit than disapprove ( 58 % total approve figure compared to 25 % total disapprove figure ) wer n't you being ironic about brexit 's negotiations recently ? 
  that we are blaming all bad things on brexit despite it not having started ? 
  well ... you are right . 
  the negotiations have not started . 
  so how can people approve or her handling that has not even began ? 
   27 % of uk adults would like there to be an early general election if the government 's brexit plans are to be carried out before 2020 . 
  this compares to 33 % who would not like there to be an early general election in this instance and 32 % who do n't mind either way . 
  as above , these are very tiny margins . 
  conclusion : it seems you guys are dangerously split in the middle , with no consensus in sight , just one side trying to ram its views down everyone else 's throat . 
  also , what the fuck has the media done to your people ? 
  that is pretty much all they had in common, 
   i know little about golden dawn , just what the press tells us , that they are basically new nazis . 
  comparing them to a generic right wing party is not only inaccurate but also ignorant . 
  i did n't compare them to the right . 
  we were talking about nazis . 
  feel free to end it though . 
  except your center-left is not in a death spiral , in fact i think they won your last elections by a big margin . 
  so i 'm not sure you understood the article . 
   go read what i said in my previous comment about it . 
  somehow i trust a director of the world health organization more than you , no offence  if you are talking about golden dawn , that 's not right wing yeah they are nazis , that 's what we were talking about right ? 
  they voted for this , so democracy . 
  so yes you are implying that, 
   i 've read it and i do n't think they 're being xenophobes the president is making up shit about the refugees , like saying they are bearers of parasites and will cause epidemics , something that is directly refuted by the who . 
  so yeah , top level politician , caught lying , targeting a specific group of people , even when his country has accepted to take in 9,000 of them . 
  pretty much textbook xenophobia . 
   and i think this term is being abused nowadays that nazism is a thing of the past except our # 3 political party is national socialist in its ideology . 
  so while i wish it was a thing of the past , reality proves otherwise . 
  you are not doing simply that , but you linked it with brexit or rather with the flight of financial business . 
  now i am questioning that . 
  business fleeing wo n't trigger a recalibration . 
  or , i do n't see how that can possibly happen . 
  i think it will just make the uk poorer . 
   so refusing to take in tens of thousands of unidentified people means being xenophobic to you ? 
  you are painting with a very broad brush here . 
  but i would say : depends on the reason . 
  for example some parents ( a tiny minority , thankfully ) in some greek complain about refugees kids attending greek school . 
  they actually threatened with violence and illegal actions over it . 
  part of their reasoning was that these are not christian orthodox children and do n't share greece 's traditional culture , whatever that is . 
  that is literally the definition of xenophobic . 
  more importantly , if you read the guardian 's article , you would read the justification for these accusations , something you have not addressed . 
  how so ? 
  i am asking about europe , but i would be interested to know how the european traditional left is dragging down canada too . 
  i was questioning the `` automatically '' part of your statement . 
   it 's funny how when there 's a right wing government ** automatically ** is branded as xenophobic , authoritarian and usually they also say populist . 
  i do n't think anyone automatically said that . 
  unless someone set up a bot which * automatically * replied once the elections finished , that did n't happen . 
  also , `` deal with it '' is something douchebags say . 
  i mean its not polite . 
  imagine if i said : * you are a nazi , deal with it * . 
  i would be a douche , no ? 
  i trust you can see where am i going with this .
