  would you say that i am a traitor ? 
  long live poland etc ? 
  i am guessing that this guy does not have guns since he asked for more gun access point being , talk to him because his view is that we do n't have enough guns, 
  what ... ? 
   if this guy is muslim i wonder how the media will try to censor it this time implying the media tried to censor the bataclan , charlie hebdo or even the [ latest magnanville terrorist attack ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/13/french-policeman-stabbed-death-paris ) what kind of bubble are you living in ? 
  also , you are not going to get guns . 
  might as well register as a hunter and try your luck there . 
  but if you wan na be an american you can just go and live there idk, 
   british colonies i do n't think british colonies willingly joined the empire , nor had the privilege of a referendum to decide their fate, 
  look up who genocided these people and why, 
   something something recent middle east immigration in the right wing universe , refugees occurred because of feelings and political correctness . 
  in reality , it was climate change and civil war . 
   but seriously , braindrain is real and it would give us second chance to do things right to our people . 
  it 's pretty real yeah . 
  and a leave would be devastating for them . 
  are you comparing a nationalistic genocide ( actually , several genocides ) intended to impose a proud national monoculture , with a religion that even ataturk hated ? 
   referendums are a great example of how democracy can be used against itself . 
  but ultimately that potential lies in the heads of the people . 
  sometimes a good collective lesson in terrible mistakes is what is required to dispel illusions of grandeur . 
  i agree completely . 
  you ca n't really go wrong with democracy , even if the population is uneducated or just plain dumb . 
  just let them suffer the full consequences of their choices . 
  it 's a win/win . 
   yep , we would take them back and it will be good for us . 
  nope , because they do n't want to come back . 
  if they did , they would have already come back , it 's not as if the polish diaspora is eagerly waiting for the result of the uk referendum to return to poland . 
  also , as an immigrant myself who is a net contributor by large , i can tell you that our productivity is owed to the infrastructure and opportunities found in our host country . 
  i imagine that if you forcibly brought these people back to poland they would either be useless or depressed ( or both ) . 
  but who cares about that shit . 
  yay national pride !, 
  yay our feelings and emotions !, 
  for some people , it 's all that seems to matter in this universe . 
  newsflash : asia minor used to be pagan before the christians came . 
  * but but but the muslims * the massacres and genocides were perpetuated by nationalists , in their desire to enforce a monoculture across the country they deemed belonged to them and then alone ( a trait they still have to this day , except they are not legally allowed to murder anyone anymore ) . 
  the eu is democratic but you do n't like it because its not perfect enough try being ruled by putin or just bullied around by turkey a couple of years and see how you come back to the eu, 
  try being under the control of greek politicians for a couple of years and say that again, 
  yeah because the original ones decided to give us citizenship, 
  every human society is ruthless , empire or not . 
  its just that empires have better logistics . 
  so if you wan na become an empire , focus on your infrastructure . 
  ruthlessness is not a problem i promise you, 
  pretty ironic since the greeks inherited the roman empire . 
  this begs a serious question . 
  i mean i googled it and could n't figure it out . 
  how did luxenbourg really become so rich ? 
  urban dictionary explains it by saying `` at some point it was decided to allow banks ... '' bla bla bla . 
  but trusting the urban dictionary is ill-advised , to put it mildly . 
  so what is the deal with your country ? 
  i do n't know if you realize this , but you are just adding to the shitpile . 
  you are part of the problem . 
  your agenda is that we are not allowed to talk about her death because `` we are politicizing '' or `` taking advantage of her death '' . 
  we are not and that is a very low thing to say . 
  what her husband is saying is that she died for her beliefs . 
  that is the problem , not the actual beliefs themselves so whether you agree with her beliefs or not is a different matter . 
  it does n't matter now . 
  what matters is political violence . 
  it is not good for anyone . 
  i wish you would be mature enough to understand this . 
  being selective in taking offence its not an ad hominem , its a fact , read the thread and your comments in it dude called out `` the left '' and you were perfectly fine with it , it was when `` the right '' was mentioned that your butthurt came into being try another defence without invoking fallacies you do n't understand, 
  a muslim kills someone :  deport all arabs , muslims and why not all foreigners while you 're at it a right winger kills someone :  he does not represent us !, 
  he was an `` extremist '' !, 
  also , it was a staged attack by the multiculturalist cultural marxist globalist conspiracy !, 
  dont judge the rest of us !, 
  a few bad apples etc etc, 
  i like how selective you are at taking offence . 
  you and some others in this subthread ... accusing `` the left '' of using the death to push our agenda is perfectly fine by you . 
  that is not ridiculous . 
  that is not a generalization without the slightest facts to support it . 
  that is fine , because you happen to agree with it ( btw i did n't even know there was a left agenda here , i thought brexit and bremain cut across left/right lines ), 
  i can only imagine ( in horror ) how many idiots go and vote , having the same mentality as / u/frenchiedev it seems the internet has been very effective is spreading propaganda to some people , but extremely ineffective at educating them, 
  how sick do you have to be to kill to further your political agenda ? 
  on the other hand , the right cared so much that they murdered this woman, 
  can you please read the article before getting mad ? 
  its not a reality because in no reality does a greek `` belief system '' exist . 
  i do n't know how things are in denmark but if they are like that you should limit yourself to talking about your country only people are free to identify both at a national and at a european level . 
  they sometimes do , in conservative/backwards countries the liberal population also identifies with the eu due to a desire for social progress this is n't the 50s anymore where you can organize everyone into a neat category, 
   written as if it 's inherently bad or somehow worse than what we have now . 
  if you are a white christian male , yes , it was better for you i am sure . 
  for everyone else , not so much . 
  except all of these are people of europe, 
  you ca n't do any of that because nationalism national politicians would rather rule upon divided nations rather than give up their chokehold and let their nations grow , even when not being under their direct rule eu countries will never cooperate like that , not any time soon, 
  you are free to live any way you want . 
  nobody is preventing you from being white , christian , or engaging in literally any activity your parents did . 
  i understand this thread is overrun by the trumpoids and i will be downvoted ( you have your own political correctness to adhere to , after all ) but someone has to call you out on your victim/persecution complex . 
  you are free to live any way you want . 
  what you are not free to do , however , is dictate how others live . 
  and what is what truly bothers you . 
  sorry did n't get the reference you make a good point though . 
  i guess , i imagined , if a person has become a citizen and has been born in the country , what does it matter ? 
  everyone is of foreign origin , if you back far enough . 
  but its true that the statistic would be misleading in this context, 
   once again this is n't about changing the minds of racists . 
  that is what they said bro . 
  read the article . 
  and yeah it was n't `` racists '' per se but more like idiots, 
  what ? 
  did you just have a stroke or ? 
  are you implying that the convention contradicts itself ? 
  because what i stated is the law, 
  is the positive opinion due to this march though ?
