  have fun . 
  i promise i wo n't downvote you . 
  but at least be honest about it and do n't give me these dumb excuses, 
   i believe in a nationalism where countries have the right to govern themselves that is great but that is not really nationalism , not in any common sense of the word at least nationalism is all about people enforcing monocultures over limited ( and unavoidably contested ) geographical areas in the balkans we have too many ethnic groups squeezed too close , therefore nationalism becomes particularly virulent ; however it is textbook nationalism and not some aberrant version of it, 
  so true . 
  at least some of us have noticed & have been pointing out this double standard for a long time now, 
   ut will not be opposed to siding with the russians to crush isis and get the hell out of the me . 
  trump has repeatedly said that he does not care to win wars in faraway lands . 
  a lot depends on who he chooses for the state dept. 
  you just said that trump `` will not be opposed to siding with the russians to crush isis '' and then followed it by `` trump does not care to win wars in faraway lands '' . 
  read your second bullet point again and you will see why it does n't make sense . 
   whatever the outcome , the various alt-right , dark-enlightenment , anti-feminist movements will see themselves as legitimized and will seek to have a place in public discourse . 
  the left no longer has a monopoly . 
  the left never had a monopoly , especially not in the usa of all places . 
  the usa barely has a left to begin with . 
  what is happening is that the alt right considers anything not extremely foam-at-the-mouth nationalistic as being left . 
  but really the left has almost zero influence in the usa and some in europe . 
  i wish it had a monopoly but facts state the opposite . 
  why would it get disapproval lol . 
  have you been reading / r/europe at all ? 
  there is nothing that can unite our sub quicker than violence against the turks - or just muslims for that matter, 
   it would also be a bit dumb on the eu 's part - essentially allowing free-movement of uk citizens to the eu , even if the uk bans eu citizens from moving here . 
  this . 
  it is very unfair . 
  i do n't see why brits should have the right to live and work in the eu when we ca n't do the same in their country . 
   it doesnt surprise me that europe was a warfilled shithole for hundreds of years when people are so salty about events which happened so long in the past . 
  being stuck in the past is a way to cope with a shitty present people in the balkans just ca n't handle the present . 
  they either worship a glorious past ( which is largely fictitious ) or get incredibly angry over some ancient conflict basically anything so that they do n't have to deal with what is happening right now, 
   i have also heard that many men in the area are raised to believe that they 're right when they are angry . 
  so basically like every young man literally everywhere in the world, 
  i wonder what you will say after 4 years when ww3 has not happened you 'll probably pretend you never believed this , it 's not like you can be wrong is it, 
  i know , most sane people are very happy to appease putin and [ perhaps even befriend him like trump has ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/09/trump-and-putins-relationship/500852/ ) in order to have `` peace in our time '' . 
  gee where have i heard that one before . 
  the question is what criticism did you express ? 
  you seem to blindly take in the word of anyone who just happens to shitpost against the refugees . 
  on the other hand , you are extremely critical of anyone who * does n't * immediately attack them . 
  so reflect on that for a moment . 
  great way to dodge the question . 
  at least be honest like everyone else and admit you want him because of your pro-nationalist boner . 
  do n't give me this humanitarian crap lol . 
  it is the good kind of pain . 
  i admit it hurts but at the same time it feels so good chewing that thing, 
  thanks for pointing this out . 
  imagine if muslims where cheering a symbol that had dead christians on it . 
  everyone would be breaking their keyboards in rage like * hurr durr these muslims are against european values \u00a9 quick deport them all ! 11 *, 
   not just greece . 
  if you get in their way and do n't play their games you are their enemy . 
  i do n't think you remember the quote because that is not exactly what is says nor the sentiment it catered to . 
  but on topic what do you mind if clinton is a war hawk ? 
  are you going to cry if some arabs get bombed ? 
  maybe you should vote for the anti-imperialist kke if so . 
  have other `` anti-establishment '' politicians have a large movement that threatens with violence if they do n't get their way ? 
  you 're right . 
  we should trust the words of anonymous users who do n't even live in said country , because how could they be wrong or - gasp - politically motivated to spew nonsense online . 
  by all means , be critical of governemnts , but do n't you dare be critical against unsubstantiated random comments by nobodies / s, 
   while the quote is fake i think it sums up american foreign policy pretty well aha !, 
  and just when i thought i lost my bet . 
  but i admit you are a first . 
  usually people do n't know that the quote is fake and thus easily conclude it summarizes american foreign policy towards our country . 
  but you are the first person that actually knows it is fake * yet still believes in it * . 
  that is ... impressive , for lack of a better word . 
  yes , the german government is definitely wiser than random user / u/i _ stole_your_puppy . 
  i think that goes without saying . 
   i do n't see how that 's relevant i was just curious . 
  but it is a quote that seems to have driven greek right-wing politics until samaras - and in some ways it still does . 
  i do n't understand why you are terrified , it 's not like kissinger will order her to bomb greece . 
  your fear of him made me think you must have bought into that quote . 
   the junta is to blame but to act like americans , and the cia were n't involved in our country is just ignoring plain facts . 
  oh i agree with you there . 
  involved being the keyword . 
  i do n't think anything good came out of kissinger btw . 
  i am a big and unapologetic christopher hitchens fanboy so [ i 've been already informed about the man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_trial_of_henry_kissinger ) . 
   lol give me a break . 
  typical `` evil nationalism '' . 
  yeah sorry for disagreeing . 
  does n't matter though . 
  let me ask you one thing . 
  but please give me an honest answer , because i would totally bet my monthly salary on it . 
  do you believe that the kissinger quote was real ? 
  you know which quote i am referring to . 
  please let me know . 
   lol you 're delusional if you believe that . 
  also who supported those unelected dictators ? 
  who helped legitimize them ? 
  ah , the glorious greek attitude of blaming everyone else but ourselves . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  `` nationalism '' is n't an argument . 
  how is his nationalism bad ? 
  nationalism is already emboldened , we have brexit and right wing parties are rising throughout europe . 
  mostly as a result of the failing policies of the left . 
  yeah i think its off-topic to discuss the why i think nationalism is bad . 
  i just noted that it was my reason . 
  i am sure we will discuss it in another thread , as usual . 
   lol . 
  are you greek or not ? 
  yeah man at least learn to spell his name . 
  kissanger ... responsibility for cyprus rests solely on the shoulders of our proud greek patriotic ( unelected , but who cares ) leaders . 
   why ? 
  nationalism . 
  electing trump will embolden others .
