  considering that we joined the eu in 1981 and the eurozone in 2001 , there have been a lot of elections since then , specifically [ 6 elected governments since we entered the ez ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cabinets_of_greece ) . 
  there comes a point where you ca n't hide behind politicians anymore , and must accept reality . 
  and for the record , would i want a referendum regarding our membership in the eu/ez ? 
  of course . 
  let 's have it . 
   but papandreou , being the traitor or the imbecile that he was , did not . 
  in hindsight everyone is a traitor and an imbecile . 
  it 's very easy to call people that , having seen 8 + years into the future . 
  papandreou did one thing that no other greek politician has done : he took a decision that the population did not like . 
  he did not cater to the masses . 
   in february 2010 , the new government of george papandreou ( elected in october 2009 ) admitted a flawed statistical procedure previously had existed , before the new government had been elected , and revised the 2009 deficit from a previously estimated 6 % -- 8 % to an alarming 12.7 % of gdp . 
  [ 65 ] in april 2010 , the reported 2009 deficit was further increased to 13.6 % , [ 66 ] and the final revised calculation , using eurostat 's standardized method , set it at 15.7 % of gdp ; the highest deficit for any eu country in 2009 . 
  he broke the news and he signed the first memorandum . 
  of course greeks hated this , we would have preferred the party to never end , just keep lying and borrowing until greek jesus comes back and closes the show . 
  but for him to take on germany with so much uncertainty and very little political support would be difficult . 
  not to mention , despite uncovering that the situation was bad , did he really know the extent of it ? 
  did anyone know ? 
  people where in serious denial about what was going on - many still are . 
  who would take on germany ? 
  literally no-one . 
  we barely took on our own state by admitting our own corruption . 
  we were in no position to take on the strongest state of europe . 
  and what you read in wikileaks says more about american intelligence idiocy than it does about papandreou . 
  btw never voted for pasok , believe it or not . 
  edit : clarity . 
  it 's refreshingly rare to see a pro-eu american here . 
  please stick around . 
  you are becoming the america of europe . 
  everybody loves to hate you yet everyone needs you and will defer to you in a time of need . 
  it 's not like greece will not do what germany says ; it 's that we like to bitch and moan and make a huge spectacle about it . 
   just as how letting in millions of refugees as cheap workforce will help them in the coming years . 
  it will ? 
  i thought the prevalent opinion was that it wo n't help then , since there is no need for these unskilled workers . 
  and if anyone else wants to take refugees he or she is welcome to do so ; its not like germany is preventing anyone from taking them in . 
  quite the contrary in fact . 
   we were bullied into joining the eurozone in 2001 and we are to this day , bullied into staying in the eurozone people voted . 
  in addition , greece lied to get into the ez . 
  how is this bullying ? 
  left wingers are generally honest that they do n't give a fuck about the right . 
  but the right tells us that they care about the `` natives '' which is demonstrably untrue . 
  if you do n't vote nationalist , it does n't matter how native you are . 
   not in the socialist term of `` bourgeois '' , but 100 % in the social meaning what is the `` social meaning '' of it ? 
   i do n't consider promiscuity as a bad thing per se , but i see problems when minors are going to be subject to unstable genitorial couples . 
  we are talking about marriage , people expressing their desire to remain together forever , and you are bringing up promiscuity . 
  it 's literally the opposite thing . 
  except for castration , there is nothing less promiscuous than getting married . 
  so i do n't know why you 'd mention it . 
   then you might agree that we are talking about an historical revolution with potentially huge social outcomes , basing our judgment on nothing more than wishful thinking and well put propaganda stunts it has been legalized in many places and everything is fine . 
  in fact , those countries are the best places on earth and everyone wants to immigrate there . 
  i think your opinion is unpopular because you do n't provide reasoning or evidence/data for it . 
  i honestly do n't think you are racist nor homophobic nor transphonic nor anything . 
  it 's just that such bold assertions against peoples identity ( e.g. 
  a family with lgbt parents could be reading this ) can be offensive to some . 
   the wish for a bourgeouis lifestyle by people who are ineherently far from it what made you believe this ? 
  are all the gay people you met anti-bourgeois counterculturalists or something ? 
   pretending same-sex couples being biologically and psicologically equals to heterosexual ones . 
  once more , where does this come from ? 
  who is pretending this and where did you see this ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that 100 % of the people , regardless of sexual orientation , will tell you that there is a biological difference between 2 dicks , one dick and a vagina , and zero dicks . 
  who ever told you otherwise ? 
   of course many of the me conflicts are heinously complicated . 
  some have little do with religion , some have a lot to do with religion . 
  but in northern ireland side a did n't execute civilians on side b just for being ` heretics ' , as happens in some conflicts in the middle east . 
  pretty basic stuff . 
  it 's so basic , that we never hear you or anyone else defend this position . 
  it 's only when christians are involved that you pop out to tell us how `` complicated '' it is . 
  i expect you to reply with * something something you are a troll lol go outside something something * which seems to be right around your level . 
  so spare us both ? 
   actually most right wing parties i know about in europe are mostly `` natives first '' you mean `` right wingers first '' . 
  because believe me if you are a native and a left winger you will not come first . 
  is that so ? 
  tell us what you think then . 
  are the me conflicts complicated too , or does that excuse apply only to ones where christians are involved ? 
   i 'm absolutely not in any way treating anyone as a homogenous group ( except perhaps security personnel granted ) you are treating them as a homogenous group , especially because they exhibited discriminatory behavior ( as per the article ) . 
  you just said it . 
  saying something and then denying it is pretty strange , considering we can read what you wrote . 
  you argument for treating them like this is pretty sketchy too . 
  let 's assume that there is a higher % of immigrants working security . 
  how do you know those ones worked at the refugee camps ? 
  you do n't . 
  the moment somebody pointed out that security personnel was also discriminating , you immediately popped in to tell us that its turks or other `` descendants of guest workers '' . 
  could you be any more transparent ? 
   even though it 's a small minority a small minority of refugees from the marzahn center are coming into berlin around kotti and places and just being absolute cocks with what seems like no consequences and it has definitely had an effect on these areas . 
  what ? 
  what happened in kreuzberg ? 
   no , it 's not `` new '' . 
  the last days of the roman empire were pretty similar to what europe is going through today . 
  i am sorry but i will stop talking now . 
  i know you will be upset and i 'll get downvoted but i just ca n't take this shit seriously . 
  the end of the roman empire ? 
  it 's similar to today ? 
  seriously ? 
  have you taken a walk outside ? 
  come on now . 
  ah yes , the middle east is not fucking complicated at all . 
  it 's all so simple . 
  only when christians are involved do things become `` complicated '' . 
   did anyone give a shit ? 
  was this part of the story ? 
  his claim was that progressives did n't care .
