  all it takes is the uk to flourish and prosper outside the eu . 
  it 's a tall order . 
  but we will find out . 
  on the other hand , if the uk is actually hurt by this , do you think these people will finally recognize the value of the eu ? 
  obviously not . 
  the same proud patriotic citizens will start making excuses . 
  * why is our economy failing despite brexit ? 
  immigrants !, 
  muslims !, 
  political correctness !, 
  * the usual shit . 
  it 's weird how you claim to be the victim of all this when you started it . 
  but then again , the british media has been busy these last decades with reports of the uk 's victimization in the hands of brussels aka the `` literally hitler '' eu . 
  despite getting what they wanted , special privileges and exceptions etc. 
  how many times did we hear that the eu wants to destroy the uk by flooding them with billions of muslim rapists ? 
  well , turns out they took in a mere 5,000 of them . 
  willingly , too . 
  and my fucked up country has taken in close to * 100 times that number * . 
  the uk deserves anything that happens to it , i 'll say that much . 
  it 's not virtue signaling , i mean everybody does that ( obviously the left as well ) . 
  it 's being afraid of political correctness that is the definition of cowardice . 
  on the phone as well ? 
  how can someone possibly be afraid of expressing his honest views on the phone . 
  i mean grow a pair . 
  but i do n't really think anyone is afraid of pc as it is . 
  it is a largely harmless and irrelevant issue , politically speaking . 
  they just like to pretend to be the victims of pc so that they can claim special victim status . 
  well exactly . 
  people who are vested in the eu expect the uk to do worse , because in their understanding the eu is a positive force people who dislike the eu expect the uk to do great and the eu to collapse i do n't know why only the former are seen as `` mean '' while the latter are celebrated as proud patriotic citizens who simply love their country etc. 
  sometimes i wonder what you guys expected to happen when you voted to leave the eu because `` too many immigrants '' , most of them being eu citizens what did you expect seriously . 
  you ca n't be that deluded can you ? 
  did you expect cakes and blowjobs in this sub after you gave everyone the middle finger ? 
  hmm ... 
  only if you want the eu to unravel , something that many brexiters actively seek if countries abandon the eu and do just as well , then what is the point of the eu ? 
  but somehow we are painted as `` mean people '' if we state this obvious and amoral fact, 
   now you 're insisting that we should just overlook this bias and pretend it was n't there . 
  no , i am arguing against the notion that all brexit polls should be `` corrected '' to the right . 
  i absolutely do n't want to ignore polling bias . 
  if you wan na talk about polling bias , i 'm all ears . 
  i 'd love to hear reasons and explanations . 
  but yours were pretty bad . 
  i mean , political correctness , really ? 
  are people afraid of that on the phone ? 
  what a bunch of cowards . 
   maybe it was bias on account of pollster being part of the media that is largely in favor of globalism the uk media is absurdly anti-eu . 
  it 's just funny , or rather sad , how much they despite both the eu and immigrants . 
   maybe it was because people did n't want to admit they were pro-leave since it 's considered politically incorrect . 
  on the phone ? 
  what would happen if you told the pollster you support leave ? 
  let me guess . 
  he would share that information along with your name and address to everyone you know , leading you to become socially isolated , losing your job , ending up homeless and being raped by muslims . 
  but seriously , there are only two reasons for lying . 
  either cowardice or intent to deceive . 
  pick whichever you want . 
   was this poll corrected for this bias ? 
  if not than it is reasonable to expect that the real vote would be tilted slightly more into pro-brexit direction . 
  it is not reasonable to expect that , unless you are majorly pro-brexit yourself . 
  why ? 
  because you do n't even know what the reason was . 
  you just admitted it . 
  so if you do n't know what the reason was , you have no reason to believe that it applies to 100 % of polls . 
  obviously most of the pre-brexit polls were wrong , but does that mean that we must adjust * all * polls to the right ? 
  you seem to think that the pollsters will keep doing the same shit , despite failing massively . 
  whatever the reason for the polls failing might be , people here explain it the usual way : there is a conspiracy to silence the proud white nationalists , the usual shit . 
  i do n't buy that . 
  we can either discuss polls at face value or just discard them altogether as unreliable . 
  i am cool either way . 
  but what i find dishonest is assuming that all polls are more pro-right than they actually show . 
  yeah but we did n't because we are a small and weak country . 
  if we blew the eurozone apart , no one would work with us ever again except putin . 
  i do n't think even the people would have wanted something so radical . 
  but the uk could arguably pull that shit off , if it was in the same position . 
  nope , they discriminated against people . 
   if christians have to bake a gay marriage cake , then logically jews should have to bake a swastika cake for a neo-nazi . 
  i bet you write this scrap and then go complain how muslims are not compatible with `` european values '' . 
  sure , if . 
  i guess we can start assuming that every poll is wrong and the real results are more favourable to the right ? 
  not ignoring the rest , just focusing here because it relates to everything else we are saying . 
   there are a number of things that the scottish government wanted to do but which have been held up due to legal challenges under eu law , with the two most prominent being fixing a minimum unit price for alcohol and appointing a `` state guardian '' for every child . 
  and there are many people who agree with said policies . 
  but lets assume everyone disagrees with it . 
  it 's still a matter of trade-offs . 
  would you rather have no minimum alcohol price and lose everything else ? 
  it 's a rhetorical question . 
  so :  i do n't agree with both of those policies , but i can see why some people might feel that the eu is preventing our government from running out own affairs . 
  they chose to enter the union so by definition it 's not meddling . 
  and they are free to leave , as evidenced by recent events . 
  and ultimately this brings us to the issue of trade-offs which i think is the crux of the matter :  if you have to give up control of your internal affairs , your immigration system and your fishing waters then it absolutely does equal a loss of sovereignty . 
  there is an argument to be had as to wether the trade-off is worth it or not , but there is no argument that the trade-off does not exist at all . 
  literally everything is a trade-off in politics so it has to be a redundant concept . 
  national sovereignty itself is a trade-off between living like an isolated caveman and having a national government telling you what to do . 
  so pointing that something is a trade-off is n't an good argument imho . 
  the question always is whether the trade-off is worth it . 
  edit : actually , philosophically speaking , being part of a nation is arguably less free of a choice because no human consciously chooses that . 
  on the other hand , entering and joining the eu is quite free because there are referendums . 
  the uk , in fact , had the most `` special '' and reserved relationship with the eu therefore it should be the last country to claim a breach of sovereignty . 
  you could not make the same argument for greece because we are a bunch of broke fucks who could easily be bossed around . 
  no one can boss around the uk , except maybe the usa which is another discussion . 
   but making the cake is clearly supporting the political point . 
  it is providing material / propaganda to a political cause .
