   a place where people celebrate the christian holiday , christmas , the supposed birth of the christian lord ( spoiler : not his actual birthday ) and saviour jesus christ . 
  have you been to one of them ? 
  they are not places of worship . 
   definitely nothing christian about those markets , especially in germany . 
  there is obviously something christian about these markets , just as there is obviously something christian about europe . 
  the point is , is this an attack on christians ? 
  so tell me what makes you think this is an attack against christians . 
  do only christians go to these places ? 
  do christians go and enjoy gl\u00fchwein more than e.g. 
  religiously unaffiliated people ? 
  do you know what is the religious makeup of berlin ? 
  there are no childish opinions . 
  everything is relative , all opinions are equally valid . 
  welcome to the brave new world !, 
   and seeing as 1/3 of somali immigrants from the netherlands honest question , how can they move to the uk if they are not dutch citizens ? 
  i do n't think this is the `` right '' , because merkel is also right-wing . 
  surprise surprise man , she is a right-wing politician !, 
  so , things are not so simple as `` left vs right '' . 
  second , i honestly do not know which is this `` other '' side you speak of . 
  i do n't think there are two sides in this . 
  even if i did , it is crazy two suggest that both sides ( whoever they may be ) are somehow equal in their moral substance . 
  you ca n't really expect a system to have a perfect 50-50 balance from its two sides . 
  but that is a totally different discussion and i am getting carried away . 
   some people might consider presenting the mere idea that immigration could be considered a problem as a result of these events to be `` gross '' . 
  which people ? 
  i think you are attacking a very convenient strawman here . 
  and this seems to be your modus operandi , since many of your posts are of this nature : complaining that you are labelled as something bad ( e.g. 
  racist or nazi ) when simply trying to `` discuss immigration '' . 
  this does not seem to be happening . 
  if you are talking about / r/europe , you have not been paying attention . 
  this has not been happening here . 
  if you are talking about places other than / r/europe , i wo n't argue , since i can only comment on the * real * discussions that take place here . 
  what is the point ?!, 
  i 'm not sure we have the same point in mind , hence this confusion . 
   you ca n't say side x is gross for doing y , when group z also does y. yeah this is called whataboutism . 
  look it up . 
  the only political exploitation of the dead happened by the side known as populists i.e. 
  trump and the afd in this case . 
  if you know of any other example , please tell me . 
  i have been asking for like 5 posts now . 
  i am not denying anything . 
  i am not implying anything else . 
  and if you think all this is `` irrelevant '' then please do n't respond . 
  you do n't have to respond , you know . 
  you can always just downvote . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but that is what downvotes are for - posts that are irrelevant and thus do n't contribute to the discussion . 
  did someone actually say that or are you putting up that strawman again, 
   all i did was ask you questions in a neutral tone nope , you wrote long rants . 
  i answered your question , but somehow you are still mad . 
   well , i wish you a better day than you had so far !, 
  thanks . 
  i hope your day was is as good as mine , but reading your posts , i doubt it . 
   and i just said the same happens on the other side . 
  and i asked for an example , in regards to this attack . 
  i even admitted that yeah , generally speaking , all sides do this . 
  i did not deny that . 
  still , you guys got offended at me asking a question and downvoted me . 
  not that i give a shit . 
  i 'm just pointing out what kind of emotional divas you are . 
  ca n't even handle a question . 
  you brought it up . 
  so maybe take a look at your wiring first ? 
  i 'd answer , but i see people already took your post apart . 
  nobody forced you to do anything , man . 
  at least have the dignity to admit that much . 
  ok let me make this easier for you , because it seems that complicated sentences make you mad . 
  i * assume * that this was related to isis . 
  i imagine their motivation was the same as the nice attack . 
  you can google that for more details . 
  so you are bummed out . 
  you know what bums me out ? 
  talking to you bums me out . 
  you sound like a very bitter and frustrated person , talking shit to random strangers in most of your posts . 
  so , unless you manage to write a post that does n't disgust me , do n't expect a reply . 
  again , you start from `` people are worried about immigration '' and arrive to `` christians are under attack '' . 
  how do you do that ? 
  and thank you , at least you did n't get mad this time . 
  that was more than i expected . 
   it does n't matter if it was against christians or not . 
  the potus mentioned it and his believers believed it . 
  so , it matters . 
  also the afd is running with the same rhetoric . 
  you ca n't ignore this shit . 
  that 's rich . 
  what is your concern ? 
  being accused of `` racism '' on an online forum ? 
  because that is all you talk about . 
   so then you do go to berlin to attack christians if you perceive people there to be predominantly christians . 
  that 's your impression . 
  i said nothing to that effect . 
  listen if you wan na complain about being religiously persecuted as a christian victim - go ahead . 
  i can only argue with facts . 
  you were not forced into the eu, 
  you mean , the * perceived * role western nations played . 
  because germany played no actual role in that shit . 
  isis ( or terrorists in general ) is not concerned with such facts , they will keep targeting europeans indiscriminately . 
  i thought this was common knowledge ? 
   people are actually worried about the effects of immigration please explain how this is connected to `` christians are under attack '' . 
  i would bet any amount of $ that you will not do that , but will get angrier and insult me and others you politically disagree with . 
  i mean , you seem to do that when you are pushed in a dialectical corner .
