  still thinking they are an empire . 
  and believe me , people wo n't forget that . 
   therefore the eu must either wait , entice the uk with favourable terms , begin informal negotiations or hope that after a general election shakes everything out the uk government decides to remain . 
  or maybe threaten ? 
  decades of retarded media propaganda have left you with the notion that the eu is weak . 
  i am sorry to say that you are about to find out this is not the case you should have listened to your media and your politicians less . 
   a lot of statistics do support this though ? 
  a peruse through various criminal databases confirms that there is a higher crime rate among migrants than native people , not really sure what you 're getting at here . 
  there were n't thousands of rapists . 
  i actually got banned arguing that , believe it or not . 
  people still think that thousands of rapists walk around raping everybody . 
  even you make vague references to statistics and change the goalpost and hide the fact that 5 rapes were committed , not thousands upon thousands . 
   again , how exactly it 's it racist to deport people ? 
  people who did nothing wrong ? 
  we are not talking about terrorists or criminals here . 
  are you asking me how is it racist to deport people who did nothing wrong but * just because people dislike them * ? 
  just to get it straight . 
   do you think everyone who had concerns about immigration was racist ? 
  dude give it a rest , its over . 
  i mean are n't you tired of this shit already ? 
  they were not `` concerned '' . 
  they voted to torpedo their own country because of `` too many foreigners '' . 
  they took their country out of the eu , a move which does not affect immigration , just to spite everyone . 
  and these people did nothing wrong . 
  they legally live in the uk . 
  the eu ones are actually net contributors to the country . 
  yet despite that half the population voted against them with the hope to deport or `` repatriate '' them . 
  they seriously think that hundreds of thousands or people will be deported , as they should , because `` let britain be white again '' . 
  and here you are , fighting the good fight against political correctness . 
  in all this shitpile , all you guys care about is nobody being called a racist . 
  that is your main concern . 
  do n't call anyone a racist . 
  does n't matter that people are asking for mass deportations of legally abiding citizens , no , what matters is that ** nobody gets called a racist ** in the end . 
   really ? 
  i hear calls for measurable data , i see a lot of people evaluating issues with islam via good sources like pew research almost never . 
  in the months following cologne , everyone was talking about thousands of rapists raping everybody leading to a europe plagued by rape and more rape ( did i mention rape ? ) . 
  also , you hypocrites , is there any chance you would accept statistics about racism ? 
  as if you would n't immediately dismiss it as `` political correctness go mad '' as you do on every thread  are you seriously saying that the majority of brits are racist ? 
  you can be against immigration without being racist you know , it 's pretty offensive for you to say that . 
  are you feelings hurt ? 
  if they are , you can keep pretending that no one is racist , ever , under any circumstances . 
  after all , you need to divert attention from calls to `` deport '' segments of the population and keep talking about the evil cultural marxist global conspiracy that is incarnated as the eu . 
  just give it a couple of weeks until your `` non racist '' friends find out that they ca n't deport anyone . 
  that immigration will be unaffected . 
  try to imagine how mad they will be . 
  can you ? 
  in any case , we 'll be here . 
  i will even send you a message to remind you, 
  you should have thought of that before trying to break up the eu . 
  it is too late to cry now . 
  you ignored your own scottish people . 
  you took them for granted and did n't give a single fuck about how they felt towards the eu . 
  so if your kingdom breaks up , you have nobody to blame but yourself . 
  i hope you man enough and take responsibility some day , but i doubt it , you will probably continue to blame the eu for everything . 
  its relevant because the only time we hear about statistics is to disprove the very existence of racism . 
  but is there a sexual attack by a muslim ? 
  you wo n't be hearing any calls for measurable data then apparently we are living in a post-racism world where no racism exists at all , ever , despite the majority of brits who seeemingly voted to deport foreigners, 
   it 's very rare a specialty position ca n't be fill internally . 
  with 5.4 % unemployment its obvious that positions can not be filled internally if you think there was a waiting list for english scrub nurses you are delusional my friend . 
  the nhs desperately needs more people , and it will be your mother and father that will be left without care ( but you will keep blaming immigrants regardless anyway ), 
  ah yes , in contrast to the actual statistics about immigrants stealing your job , that you guys brought up, 
   inciting separatism they should have thought of that when they tried to break apart the eu ca n't have your cake and eat it too , my friend, 
  delusional, 
   everyone knew it was going to be economically shit if we left unfuckingbelievable, 
  brutal, 
   because the eu structural funds are n't working . 
  this does n't seem to be the case , there are many articles mentioning millions of $ invested leading to many jobs , also useful infrastructure like highways and rail stations . 
  you mean to tell me that these poor , uneducated , old people sat down and researched how much the eu has improved their lives , indirectly even ? 
  what is more likely is that their politicians lied to them by using the eu as a scapegoat for their own failures . 
  i mean why would any local politician educate the population on how the eu helped them ? 
  that would remove power from them . 
   edit : downvoted ? 
  man , i did n't even vote leave . 
  what exactly is wrong with my comment ? 
  ca n't you imagine ? 
  read your comment again . 
  people said the brexit will be bad for the economy . 
  you called these people `` fearmongers '' and instigators of project fear . 
  now the economy is indeed bad ( assuming this recession happens , which even the brexit side now does ) and you are saying : yeah but the economy would end up bad anyway . 
  this sounds extremely disingenuous . 
  could it be true ? 
  sure , anything could be true , especially since the market works in mysterious ways . 
  but you understand why people would not take this sentiment nicely . 
  imagine being on the other side . 
  you tell us that if we let foreigners in , crime will increase . 
  we do let them in , and crime increases . 
  then i tell you : you know what , crime would go up anyway , it 's not the foreigners fault . 
  i mean seriously would you buy that ? 
   i 'm afraid that 's the media lying again . 
  one poll shows that the number of remain voters who are happy about leave ( 4 % ) is several times larger than the number of leave voters who wanted remain ( 1 % ) . 
  this chap on ukpolitics has sourced a bunch of articles showing that the opposite is actually the case . 
  oh well i guess i fell for it . 
  i admit it . 
  so thanks for letting me know . 
  at least there is a silver lining : no second referendum . 
  i expect these people to stick to their decision and pressure their politicians to enact article 50 asap . 
  which will be a good thing . 
   so it 's not particularly surprising that the rest of wales were n't seeing much in the way of structural funds from the eu . 
  it 's pretty surprising because they still are biting the hand that feeds them . 
  now you tell me that its not the biggest hand that feed them , its like the 2nd hand , because westminster is the first one that feeds them more .
