  you should take note of the unintended dehumanization of your views . 
  i am not a patriot nor do i share the traditional greek orthodox identity , but that does n't mean i am not a human being who can co-exist and live inside a society just as good as any other . 
  i do n't see how nationalists are better than me just because of their ideology . 
  ideologies do n't make you a better person . 
  in fact , i would assume that most people do n't give a shit about what we are talking about one way or the other . 
  thank you . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , but i did n't ask about ideology . 
  i already know the argument . 
  greece is far more nationalistic than sweden so i am well acquainted with the theory . 
  and all kinds of nationalistic theories . 
  i asked about evidence . 
  for example , europe has been less nationalistic for decades now . 
  societies have , fortunately , not collapsed into chaotic civil wars where nobody cares about anything or anyone . 
  so i find it hard to believe that society ca n't function without nationalism - which is not the same as tribalism , they are different things . 
  or you can just stop labelling people who disagree with you ? 
  all kinds of people are against fake news . 
  people of all political beliefs . 
  and you are calling them pro-establishment like its the establishment that is interest with truthfulness in news ? 
  it is just weird, 
  you just casually went from mass murder to opinion polls about homosexuality , safe to say you are an ideologue, 
  just labeling opinions you do n't like as `` pro-establishment '' shows that you are already lost, 
  where does it say that white people should n't vote ? 
  yeah , you never complained except everyone can see it in your post history so , who said white people should not vote ? 
  so who said that white people should not vote ? 
  you can continue to complain that people are calling you `` racist '' or say something relevant, 
  dude experts are sooo 2015 . get with the times, 
  they seem to like changing governments, 
  does n't that make me the bot ? 
   i do n't believe for a minute that these `` fake news '' made any significant impact . 
  take a step back , without taking sides . 
  do you not think that misleading information can sway people to make political choices ? 
  this is , kind of , the definition of propaganda . 
  maybe your post is fake . 
  i did not say you were actually dismissed . 
  your views are actually popular . 
  it is popular to complain about being dismissed , about everyone calling you a racist , everyone calling you a nazi , everyone calling you a sexist , not to mention everyone being `` racist '' against the white race which i imagine you think you belong to . 
  this is a very popular view . 
  such long-winded sobfests about how oppressed the proud white males are not only generate karma , but also gold . 
  this is why you joined the conversation . 
  another user claimed that whites are somehow targeted and you immediately joined . 
  you joined , but you argued a different point , because you could not resist joining the whine party . 
  do you get it now or do i have to go on ? 
   what will work , is taking away their arguments we took away their arguments decades ago these are people ( the altzis ) who society overwhelmingly rejected but have wormed their way into relevance by taking advantage of the suffering of europe during a refugee crisis we did n't even cause before you start calling me a `` smug liberal locked in his ivory tower '' , just follow your own advice . 
  in this case , their argument is that `` women should not vote '' . 
  what in the name of fuck do you want us to debate ? 
  that women should n't vote ? 
  the whole civilized world has rejected that idea . 
  but reddit is like * hurr durr well be nicer to them and hear them out , otherwise they will get mad and vote for bad people * . 
  just ... sad . 
  yeah that is not how the discussion started . 
  go read it again please . 
  a user claimed that someone else said `` white people should n't vote '' and i was curious about it . 
  i dunno , maybe pay more attention to the conversation ? 
   i still wait to understand why you claimed people dismiss me . 
  do we know eachother ? 
  umm  so , yes - it fucking is our , and mine personally , problem as well , despite your pathetic attempt to dismiss an argument that still stands using an ad hominem you just had n't thought through because you know nothing about bulgaria . 
  or  or is it that every continet has its indigenous populations and ethnicities , except europe ? 
  we have nothing , no history , no ancestry , just passports , is that it ? 
  i hear people like you staunchly defending `` indigenous peoples '' all the time , but then shout `` racist '' at even the notion that europe has those as well . 
  dude please . 
  half your post history is you complaining because others called you `` racist '' or are `` racist '' against the proud white race i like how you repeat `` do we know each other ? '' . 
  you realize this is reddit , right ? 
  your post history is public . 
  i hope you understand this, 
  where did it say that white people should n't vote ? 
  do n't be mad . 
  maybe i missed it , i miss things often . 
  so please show me, 
   patriotism and national identity is what holds a society together where is your evidence for that and please , do n't give me a long-winded respond about everyone calling you racist etc. 
  i did * not * imply that you are a racist , a nazi , a homophobe , a misogynist , or an arachnophobe . 
  just wanted to make that clear . 
  this shit is pointless . 
  it is too meta . 
  we are discussing what you think other people think about you . 
  you , and alot of other americans , spend more time discussing what you think other people think about the views you have - and how offended you are about what you think they think of your views . 
  that is insane . 
  what do you expect me to say to that or why do you think i care ? 
  nobody should vote on that basis . 
  this is not what elections are for . 
  you do n't vote for someone because somebody else called you a `` racist '' on the internet . 
  it is literally insane to do that . 
  this shit not only bores me but pisses me off because it literally is the most dishonest and disruptive way to argue . 
  it is not a policial view . 
  we never talk about how we should handle the refugee crisis , or the policies of drumpf vs the policies or clinton . 
  all we talk about is how offended people are about what they think the rest of society thinks of them . 
  if you think you are socially alienated because someone disagreed with you , that is your right , but i want nothing to do with that mockery of a discussion . 
  oh yeah , before i get accused of being smug . 
  we all have our stories and our experiences about social isolation . 
  this is not about you . 
  everyone has his own issues and usually people did n't complain about them in a ** political ** discussion because politics has nothing to do with this but now it has . 
  all in all this shit makes me feel old . 
  edit : i have to correct you on that you are * not * the majority . 
  you really ai n't . 
  lol we went from clinton to china, 
  i did not think that understanding the concept of a road is sophisticated, 
  well just show me an example please, 
  yeah , same thing business is not determined by a vote , but by the market . 
   are you still that smug when that `` just a minority '' commits acts like the bataclan attack ? 
  i do n't understand this sentence . 
  sounds to me like accuse others of smugness when things do n't go your way .
