  strange because taxation was up to 90 % in some cases , and those times were more prosperous than recent years . 
  apple is not a startup or small business fyi, 
  the pc brigade is at it again !, 
  just because someone joins the nsu to kill foreigners does not mean he is a xenophobe / s, 
  funny thing with those typical complaining/self-victimization comments such as yours , is that you can never quote reality to support them the starting point is n't you wanting to assimilate them , its the unquestionable assumption that muslims cant and dont want to integrate in the slightest . 
  do n't you dare mention that * some * of them * might * want to integrate , you self-hating liberal pc terrorist-sympathizer edit : syntax, 
  but this is n't related to political correctness at all , and despite people correcting you , you still blame pcness without evidence . 
  a muslim blowing up a sikh temple is totally `` wirr '' therefore its use in that sentence is reasonable . 
  you have no evidence to suggest that governments do not treat all criminals the same . 
  people ? 
  you mean one guy who was downvoted ? 
  i hope this does n't turn another self-victimization thread , but already people are imagining massive media campaigns to smear nationalists ... when it was just one dude on reddit, 
  then maybe you meant `` should n't '' instead of `` ca n't '' because it totally can , even in europe, 
  the adamites were christians ; but i like how you attributed `` progressivism '' to them while completely ignoring their religion . 
  yeah i 'm sure a bunch of religious fanatics were `` progressives '' , but then again anything to push the agenda right ? 
  oh right so appenzell is just a small village but a family of muslims is not just a family , it represents all muslims ps : especially since the offenders were teenage boys . 
  who would expect teenage boys to do dumb shit ? 
  i could n't help but notice that you are greek . 
  greece has a state religion and is also [ sentencing people to prison ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2014/01/16/elder-pastitsios-satire-greek-blogger-sentenced-to-10-month-prison-for-insulting-religion/ ) because they offended some magical being btw i agree with you 100 % on how society should function . 
  but the part where you say society `` ca n't be ruled by religion '' is demonstrably wrong because our country along with some others , so called `` european '' ones , has a disgusting amount of religion in its governance but yeah - they are christians - they do n't count . 
  only the muslim ones do, 
  this needs to be higher the same people who are rabidly anti-everything-muslim , 2 decades ago would be people who 'd angrily demand women stfu and leave voting to men, 
  its very simple my friend . 
  if people do something wrong , no matter what , then use this simple rule of thumb : * if its done by muslims then its a religious thing ; the religion is interpreted 100 % correctly . 
  * if its done by christians then its either a gross misinterpretation of the true religion , or its just a cultural thing , or ( my favourite ) its `` politics '' * mentioned for fairness : if its done by atheists then its just attentionwhoring , immature teens acting out etc, 
  i bet you are one of those people who complains about the pc brigade all day long, 
  i find it very convenient that you left out the `` nationalist '' part . 
  voices of reason , like yours , are the first to be drowned out . 
  this could be a passing storm , or the beginning of something very ugly . 
   fortunately i did n't say `` conquer the world '' . 
  but ...  the manifest destiny that it will one day dominate the world no , hypernationalists do n't necessarily believe that they are destined to rule the world . 
  even when taking your own source into account . 
  so you made a strawman . 
   i 'm not arguing against hypernationalism either . 
  allright but i wanted to point out how you misrepresented hypernationalism . 
  in fact , being against immigrants from certain regions does not preclude you are a hypernationalist either . 
  so the whole point is irrelevant . 
  very good points, 
  a legacy of decades of anti-imperialist/anti-american rhetoric , spread by the left . 
  source : leftist myself . 
  its almost like people have agendas !, 
   extreme nationalism , the belief in the superiority of one 's nation and of the paramount importance of advancing it . 
  advancing it does not mean you want to conquer the world . 
  its a weird take on that quote . 
  advancing a nation is understood to mean to better it and to cultivate its identity , not that you have to roll out the tanks and conquer everybody . 
  so its a strawman , even if we take your source into account . 
   where do you get the impression that i 'm arguing against nationalism ? 
  my bad , i can correct that . 
  it has changed dramatically the last 6 months . 
  every day there are many topics about how much sweden sucks , how europe is doomed , muslims raping everybody etc. 
  when it comes to sweden , everyone still wants to live there , i mean its one of the best countries in the planet ... yet if you read / r/europe you 'd swear its a war zone . 
   but according to the regressive left , of which bono is a typical spokesperson , i 'm an `` hyper-nationalist '' because i want to protect the freedom and civilization that has made this all possible . 
  are you a hungarian ? 
  was bono talking about you ? 
  honest question, 
   `` hyper-nationalists '' usually proclaim the superiority of their country over all others , the manifest destiny that it will one day dominate the world , and the morality of any means necessary to achieve such aims . 
  no , not at all really . 
  what `` hyper-nationalist '' usually refers to is a type of mentality focused on enforcing a monoculture within your own land . 
  or rather , the land you think is yours . 
  it does n't necessarily mean that you want to conquer the world - that is an edge case . 
  you can be content to exist in your own borders * and * a nationalist . 
  one does not preclude the other . 
  you basically need to be extremely conservative and seek to enforce it to your own people whatever that may be . 
  i think you are arguing against a strawman of ( edit ) hypernationalism . 
  i ca n't imagine nationalists sharing your views on their ideology , hyper or not . 
  money shmoney . 
  they have too many muslims , and that is all that matters when judging a whole country / s, 
  obligatory swedish `` moral hazard '' comment on each topic where sweden is mentioned enjoy your karma, 
  its ok if you are white and/or christian . 
  many greeks celebrated 9/11 too , but you wo n't find that on the media . 
  its all about the muslims . 
  a lot of greek people cheered . 
  ok there were n't festivities but people were generally cheerful , fuck the usa imperialist pigs , they had it coming etc. 
  what is scary is people asking for 2nd or 3rd generation citizens to be deported . 
  how and , more importantly , where to ? 
  its a rhetorical question btw . 
  it just sets a horrific precedent , if the government can now zip tie and essentially dump ( its not deportation ) its own citizens to random countries . 
   it must be western marxists . 
  its not , this has nothing to do with marxism , someone is pushing his `` cultural marxism '' agenda since the climate is very receptive to it you can get away with that comment now ( which is objectively false btw ) with 100 + of upvotes even . 
  such hogwash would have been downvoted to oblivion some months ago, 
  is complaining about being called a `` racist '' the new political correctness ? 
  jesus f. christ you ca n't read a single news article , or join a single discussion in any website , without people screaming i 'm not a racist !!, 
  i 'm not a racist !!!!, 
  ummm ok nobody said you are ? 
  who called this priti patel a racist and how ? 
  i 'd love to see the context because it does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  what is going on ? 
  who are those people ? 
  in my life i 've never ever seen this `` pc brigade '' bothering anyone , let alone destroying anyone 's live , as is claimed . 
  where are those thousands of jobless people whose lives got destroyed because they got accused of `` racism '' ? 
  this is the strangest , most bizarre and counterproductive phenomenon i 've experienced . 
  it adds nothing to any discussion . 
   you can get jailed and arrested for being called racist along with losing your job nope , its just some celebrities like the duck dynasty guy ( that was homophobia too ) i do n't know why people chose to identify with the 0,0000001 % as if its gon na happen to them too , but it is what it is, 
   like 2 years ago no one had any problems and sudently everyone is afraid of racism . 
  i do n't get it either its kind of scary , its like they want to make everyone stop using that word . 
  i never call people racists but surely some exist , especially among the people who foam at the mouth the moment they hear the word islam ... ? 
  has racism finally disappeared from the planet ? 
   this is what marxists literally say . 
  source ? 
  51 downvotes because you mentioned that the majority are not extremists , only a handful are .
