  our friends in the alt-right paint her as this extreme left-wing globalist because she dared take in refugees . 
  but that decision was not ideological ; it was a clumsy attempt to give a practical solution to a very pressing matter , a moment where everyone else was burring his or her head in the sand . 
  it would be nice if they took a tour of all places of worship ( scientology included ) . 
  just to see how retarded they are, 
  it does not , it is a very different concept . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would absolutely * love * freedom from religion enforced as a pan-european policy . 
  but as long as we have n't enforced it and no serious political force exists anywhere in europe that would enforce such a policy against their favorite christians ... you 're gon na have to deal with mosques , sadly . 
  how many refugees are in poland ? 
  also : 1 . 
  unusually curved bananas , +1 happiness , +1 food, 
  i do n't think it is an objective fact . 
  it seems like it is your ideology . 
  but you have a point , so let me rephrase what i said : it is weird that you believe what you believe , when the polish nation has embraced immigration . 
  your views actually seem contrary to the immigration that is part of your history . 
  i assume you know that your diaspora is one of the largest in the world , and you are also seen in a positive light because of it , generally known as hard workers etc. 
  yet you claim that it would be better if they returned ? 
  nah man , i am pretty sure your country is going to be ok . 
  yup , it is pretty weird to want to tell others when and where they should procreate . 
  if they want to live in the uk and have kids there , that is none of your business . 
  a lot of salt itt if you brits exported all this salt , you would n't have -500 gold per turn, 
  i 've been getting insulted on the basis of my nationality since 2010 or so its just the first 3 years that are annoying . 
  its gets better after that hang in there mate, 
  we need to make this a meme . 
  it will be our own personal / r/europe meme, 
  your father is a wise man . 
  this is great life advice also , it would be pretty hilarious if someone offers you something out of politeness and you just punished him/her for it . 
  pretty much / s a big reason why greece sucks right now is because we are fanatically opposed to change . 
  if you do n't unquestionably worship greece and * muh orthodox culture * you are deemed a self-hater and a wannabe westerner . 
  we have simply immunized ourselves to criticism and it has destroyed us . 
  do n't expect much change from greece ( or poland ) until this cancerous mentality goes away . 
  if it goes away ... which it probably wont . 
  was n't what i had in mind but you made it easier for me . 
  so ... it is ok to indoctrinate your kids as long as its your religion . 
  and i say this based on the previous comment , not just yours . 
   call me a communist you want to give free bus tickets to everyone ? 
  you sir are literally stalin / s, 
  thanks , good to know . 
  i also hope you realized i was being sarcastic . 
  this thread is depressing . 
  people are arguing that ignorance of something ( islam ) is a good thing . 
  how can ignorance of anything be a good thing ? 
  that 's some medieval mentality right there . 
  an atheist does not have a religion and thus can not be subjected to religious violations . 
  or maybe you can elaborate what `` religious violation '' means ? 
  i 'm not being pedantic here , i just do n't get it . 
  touche , i did n't think of that . 
  well done sir , you successfully smashed globalism . 
  your kid should never learn what muslims are or what they believe in . 
  this is the standard of education we all should aspire to . 
  no it is not and that is a bad analogy . 
  if merely visiting a temple was indoctrination , we would have banned religion completely . 
  i mean do you know how many churches there are ? 
  nobody has ever complained about kids having an * educational * visit to a church . 
  i think we all know why . 
  well that great . 
  at least your time is n't completely wasted . 
  the trash is the parents who use their kids to gain support for their political organizations . 
  and i do n't really give a shit what you or any other morons think . 
  now go cry a river for these scumbags parents . 
  i am sure it will make a difference . 
  i 've had some interesting discussion with polish people about that . 
  you can imagine how it went down . 
  but you did n't get my delicate sarcasm . 
  look at the former communist countries in europe . 
  most of them are booming . 
  unlike them , our proud country is collapsing and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future . 
  therefore , for you and me , it would make little difference who won . 
  in the 21st century , our country would end up in dogshit regardless of the victor . 
  and you 'd still immigrate . 
  you seem to complain an awful lot . 
  you supported the massacring of civilian and unarmed protestors , because someone taught you that they are evil . 
  it was probably someone in your family , hence my comment . 
  did you ever stop to think that some people might have had non-combatant family who got gunned down back then ? 
  i mean the civil war had not even started . 
  but for people like you ( again , i imagine this is the way you were raised ) people who have the `` wrong '' kind of ideals are not greek . 
  they are communists and thus we should be grateful to the brits for executing them . 
  so all this is why you got the answer you deserved . 
  we have freedom of religion in the western world , whether you like it or not . 
  as long as we tolerate churches , we 'll tolerate mosques as well . 
  there is no ideological battle being fought if you visit a place of worship . 
  you sound like a neckbeard from / r/atheism . 
  outrage culture once again . 
  ah , good old outrage culture . 
  everything is drama . 
  but , i respect the fact that you would pay the fine instead of being an attention whore and going to trial . 
  these parents made a calculated decision in keeping their child home , being sent to court , and thus getting publicity for their shitty organizations ( pegida and afd ) . 
  it always saddens me when parents use their kids as ideological weapons . 
  maybe you should be a better parent than that . 
   antagonisation of brexit voters will just serve in deepening rift in society . 
  you are right . 
  but antagonizing remainers and eu supporters is perfectly fine because ... rule , briannia !, 
  or something . 
   we know firsthand what it feels like to be looked down upon by the brits wow i can see from the replies to this comment , how friendly the brits are to you . 
  no they do n't look down on you at all / s, 
  did you ask your people if they want to return ? 
  i am pretty sure that if they wanted to return , they would have done so already . 
  seems like you put your weird ideology above the actual needs and wishes of your own people . 
  it is kind of weird . 
  and you think your finger would stop the police ? 
  why ?
