  hell , forget that , every intelligent and sane adult should be afraid at a party wanting to ban abortions . 
  i am surprised that we even have to discuss this in 2016 . 
  any logical , non-retarded adult would not think its `` shameful '' to not want your culture misrepresented . 
  if greek people were shown like [ this ] ( http://www.kontouzoglou.com/photos/costumes/642014.jpg ) , i 'd speak against it too . 
  it does n't mean we are progressive self-hating cultural marxists who hate the white race and its proud traditions , it is n't even political , its just an issue of dumb stereotyping . 
  also please note that the poster is a parody of afd 's views and ** not an attempt at an honest german cultural representation per fucking se ** . 
  so you are twice wrong . 
  their view is that their lifestyle should be subsidized and other ways of life should either be illegal ( gay marriage ) or penalized ( no money to single mothers , ban abortion , make divorces more difficult ) . 
  so yeah every sensible person should be afraid . 
  of course you will respond with some ridiculous strawman `` but they wo n't arrest you if do n't enter a heterosexual marriage lol ! '', 
  which is expected . 
  point is they are elevating their dumb lifestyle at the expense of everyone else , being massively arrogant and dismissive of anyone who does n't want to live like the family in the poster, 
   this is n't really true , otherwise the poor would not be having so many kids . 
  the fact is that people do n't want to have kids , they prefer the money and free time and career advancement to raising kids . 
  kids are more expensive than they used to be , including but not limited to having to send them to college . 
  on the other hand , wages have not gone up accordingly . 
  if nothing else , there is less job security than before . 
  this is generally known . 
  its not surprising that if you make something more difficult , less people will do it . 
  which is why protest voting is generally a dumb idea, 
  depends on the rape . 
  if you are a young progressive woman in a college campus , prepare to have half the internet attack you with sarcastic comments about `` rape culture '' and how `` you just changed your mind '' if there are muslims involved , the narrative does a 180 . 
  in fact i think its safer for a woman to just claim the perpetrator was a muslim if she wants to be taken seriously right now . 
  here is a tip : conservative does not mean awesome . 
  there are people that fuck up and are still conservative . 
  just because someone did something you disagreed with does not mean he or she stopped being a conservative . 
  a german ? 
  talking about german heritage ? 
  gtfo here . 
  here is a discussion where foreigners get mad at germans for not adopting the stereotypes they have become used to relating to germany . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  people are angry that germans do n't want to look like the family in the posters and are shitting on your country for `` hating yourselves '' when they do n't even live in germany . 
  unfortunately you are just a condescending troll - which is why nobody would support you , save for your own kind . 
  you do n't have a place in the political spectrum , nor do you know what my place is . 
  really man do n't make this about politics when its just you trolling the heck out of everyone with your online persona . 
  you just came here to vent your anger . 
  as i said , have fun  but i wo n't feed you anymore . 
  that 's great . 
  but the only reason we have n't heard about it in / r/europe is because he was n't a muslim if he was , we 'd still be hearing about how all muslims must be deported now along with the treacherous liberal scum, 
  you are assuming that people * want * to move forward . 
  at least for greece , most people , regardless of political or religious affiliation , want to return to the glorious past . 
  the future is a suspect , scary and dangerous place . 
  its a good thing they elected you to speak for them . 
  truth is your patronizing attitude would be looked down by most germans , left or right . 
  but it seems you are just a troll that seeks to annoy people , so have fun i guess ? 
  muslims were involved , which was my point, 
  then i imagine / r/europe will be extremely happy , since the feminist got what she deserved , according to the nationalist narrative here . 
  nope . 
  you ca n't talk about rapes unless muslims are involved . 
  if you do , you 'll get the anti-feminist brigade attacking you immediately , because * dumb whores got drunk and changed their mind * . 
  especially during celebrations . 
  how do you ban a religion ? 
   why did you add the `` now '' part though ? 
  because muslims . 
  rape is n't a big deal if no muslims are involved , its just hysterical feminists hating men . 
  but when muslims are involved , holy shit . 
  edit : spelling, 
  people are joking about this , haha lol those russians . 
  but imagine if it was muslims trying to ban this `` church '' . 
  can you even imagine the rage ? 
  the anger of the proud nationalists ? 
  * deport all the muslims now !, 
  yup . 
  its the same way how greece pretends its a civilized country with `` freedom of religion '' when in reality its `` freedom to be a member of a list of religious institutions tolerated by the state church '', 
  damn that was fast is there like an internet taskforce dedicated to pretending merkel is a progressive liberal ? 
   so afd is apparently ok with petry 's choices and do n't want to force everyone into their model after all ? 
  or , they are hypocrites just imagine a feminist leader , willingly becoming the servant breeder of a rich male , dedicating her life to raising his kids and baking him cakes like the gal in the picture what would you say ? 
  something tells me you would be shouting against this massive feminist hypocrisy and how much of a coward she would be for not living up to her beliefs but now its the afd leader so lets all pretend she is awesome !, 
  in reality , she is a weak coward who specifically took advantage of the openness and tolerance of a free progressive society , using the option of divorce and being a career woman , while simultaneously shitting on the people who promote the freedom to do those very things, 
   i scratch my head when people describe teaching/referring to the heterosexual union of man and woman for the purposes of procreation to be ` worrying ' well some of us have actually seen what these backwards societies are like ( im greek , grew in a small town ) so yeah its worrying . 
  let me tell you , its not great . 
  most redditors seem to be young , liberal city-dwellers here . 
  they wonder why people would object to the forced adoption of a family model from the 50s . 
  me , i wonder the opposite thing : why on earth would you want to bring that back ? 
  what is the agenda here ? 
   whether you like it or not , it is the only practical means by which our species has survived and has been the dominant cultural paradigm for virtually all of civilized human history in the western world until about 5-10 years ago . 
  whether you like it or not , we live in a much better world today than when this model was dominant ( lets see , most of the 20th century ? 
  just to start with ) . 
  so telling people to go back to something that does n't make sense for no discernible reason will be seen as ` worrying ' , yes . 
   i love how actually raising your children has gone from good , to an option , to ` backwards ' in forty years . 
  i wonder how much this attitude has affected germany 's abysmal fertility rate . 
  maybe you did n't pay attention to how the world changed . 
  back in the day it was easy to raise kids with only one parent working . 
  now its close to impossible , even if you are middle class . 
  but in any case , forcing the mother to stay home while the father does the work is terrible because try being out of the job market for 10 , 5 or even 2 years . 
  you are screwed . 
  you are 100 % dependant on someone else . 
  on the other hand , the father is n't . 
  i 'm getting bored of your comments . 
  stop being so annoyingly patronizing to germans who have every right to define their culture as they see fit . 
  pretending to understand the psyche of a people is embarrassing , much like ranting from an unknowledgeable foreigner about what they should and should n't do ,, 
   looking stereotypically german is still looking german the quality of this sub has decreased massively how can someone even write this and get upvoted i 'll never understand you have german people telling you about their culture and you are arguing against them . 
  wtf guys . 
  even merkel is considered progressive traitorous scum try mentioning that she is conservative ( cdu ) and feel the rage of the downvotes, 
   yes , i think that certain family arrangements are not preferable . 
  then do n't enter into such arrangements . 
  nobody is forcing you to do anything you do n't like just because you do n't like gay people marrying does n't mean you should shout for it to be illegal ( via supporting afd , for example ) . 
  that is the epitome of hypocrisy , considering how you complain about the liberal pc brigade jumping down your throat , when you are just as bad if not worse, 
  not really , being raised christian orthodox , this miracle was explained differently to me . 
  are you sure you did n't just google it ?
