  hell , pensioners are financed with eu money too , but lets keep quiet about that one ... 
  the manufactured outrage here is amazing . 
  hatred truly runs downwards . 
  bulgarian pensioners have it so rough ... and people are trying to direct/exploit that anger to hatred against the most vulnerable minority atm . 
   unbelievable ... you are lying again just like your previous post in bulgarian thread ... easy to call people names , much harder to prove it . 
  i 'm still waiting . 
   last sentence - you are lying here - in 3 of my posts ** already i told you i understand their reasons ** you are just rambling at this point . 
  look at your first comment , the one that started all this :  honestly i don \u00b4 t understand why some countries ... 
  i think its safe to say that you have lost it . 
  you literally said the opposite thing in the beginning of this benighted conversation . 
   but from mine personal and slovak perspective it makes no sense - - if you are not stupid you can understand 2 opposite opinions on 1 topic who the hell would apply his slovak perspective to a swedish problem ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  what purpose does it serve ? 
  its a rhetorical question . 
  do n't answer . 
   look at hysteria around - again correct statement - people are called xenophobs and racists - look at million discussion here and other boards , nope , do n't see it , the hysteria is in your head . 
  i see loads of people like you , posting false claims that people are calling them racists . 
  or , like you , they are being offended that * other * people are being called racists , which is even funnier . 
  i do n't know . 
  in any case , this `` racist-calling '' is nowhere to be seen . 
  feel free to provide evidence . 
  i 've asked for it so many times . 
  my favorite was a dude who , in his rage to win , posted comments from another sub . 
  the easiest way for tertiary karma is to reply to the `` smart '' comment in a patronizing yet ultimately hypocritical way . 
  like * its ok to be post tired , passive aggressive comments , as long as they support the anti-immigrant rhetoric i enjoy . 
  * please give whatever karma you have left , which by now must be nothing . 
  but you know , if you do n't ask , you will never receive , 
  dude i am not blaming you or your culture . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  it was just an example of how education does not always make you less insane . 
   your 1st post/which was stupid/lecturing/provocative - i got a feeling you are someone who wants to lecture me on something i know about . 
  that is your problem , not mine . 
  if you want to assume others are bad people , that says more about you than me . 
   i already said them , but o.k i can say it again once more , you did n't . 
  feel free to provide evidence instead of repeatedly complaining about it . 
  but i guess i should be happy since i got an answer from you , even after 2 days . 
  so lets recap those reasons !, 
   historical reasons and mentioned \u00e9galit\u00e9 , libert\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 as part of france for very long time and their republican system i think you are trying to say that french culture does not differentiate in ethnicity . 
  you are either french or you are not . 
  if that is what you want to say , cool . 
   another reason is obviously ww2 and nazis which influenced many european countries in this way that they are scared of talking about it . 
  what ? 
  do you think modern france is scared of the nazis ? 
  of being compared to the nazis ? 
   another reason and i believe very strong one this days is the fact france is very multicultural country so not sure how it would look like if they suddenly made such statistics/after history of insisting everyone is french and equal i do n't know about this , sounds weird to me , but if you say so i 'll take your word for it . 
  anyway , thanks for sharing . 
  so what exactly do n't you understand about those 3 reasons you mentioned ? 
  first of all , calling someone `` part-kenyan '' is not a viewpoint . 
  lets not pretend he was banned because he was a right winger . 
  you can be a right winger and a sensible , intelligent person ; boris does n't seem to be one . 
  so its not his ideology that is prosecuted and hunted down by the pc brigade . 
  its him being a massive idiot . 
  secondly , yeah its wrong that he got banned . 
  i am sure that he had something important to say . 
  his opinion would have had gravity , if not substance . 
  i mean he is the fucking mayor of one of the world 's most famous multicultural cities . 
  that alone should get him through the door . 
  thirdly , we are not discussing that , are we ? 
  this is an european ( or rather , international ) forum where people are complaining about being called `` racist '' even in bulgarian topics . 
  if the topic was `` boris johnson got banned '' then sure , lets all attack the dumb student union , you and me both . 
  but its pretty obvious that is shitposting is injected into every discussion . 
  most of it is personal too , its not even related to incidents like the boris one . 
  and , lets face it , the average user , whether left or right , wo n't face such incidents . 
  last but not least , surprise : i live in northern europe . 
  and i 've lived in more than one european country . 
  but granted , lets say i do n't understand these political nuances . 
  this place does not belong to the north . 
  are you sure you understand what is going on in southern europe ? 
  the deep seated ( almost existential ) hatred that you receive if you do n't unquestionably accept 100 % the `` proud tradition '' of your `` ancient forefathers '' ? 
  i do n't think you do . 
  so should i bitch and moan about it on literally every topic ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  flatter yourself if you want , but i respond to anyone who makes false claims , not just you . 
  nobody is calling you a racist and your premise is wrong . 
  the bulgarian state does not put the tiny refugee minory before its own citizen retirees who voting . 
  that is patently absurd but you can keep complaining about the pc bridage all day . 
  ah , third reply and already someone is complaining about being labeled a racist !, 
  even when nobody called anyone a racist . 
  if anyone said that at your house of reps he would n't be called a racist but an idiot . 
  refugees are not handed out 500 euros `` for nothing '' as the user falsely advertised . 
  bulgaria ( like greece ) is receiving money for said refugees . 
  i totally hope someone says that in any house of representatives , not just yours , so that we can have a laugh . 
  of course , lets get angry and pretend they are calling us `` racists '' when in fact nobody called us that . 
  who called you a racist again ? 
  did it happen or was it your imagination ? 
  please tell me so we can report him or her . 
  no , you have n't told me . 
  you keep saying that you know those reasons , that you respect them , that its their country and their laws ... but you did n't really explicitly mention those reasons . 
  i read your replies again . 
  you never mention them , you just kept being dramatic and saying how much you respect them without understanding them . 
  but what are they ? 
  here is the closest you got :  while i respect french reasons/historic ones and others like \u00e9galit\u00e9 , libert\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 this is the closest you got to actually telling us what the reasons are . 
  to be honest , i do n't think you are a troll , its just that your english is terrible and you do n't understand half the things that are said here . 
  i am sorry if this was so confusing for you . 
  the terrorist dudes who flew planes into buildings were very educated . 
  speaking of america , they are the worlds most advanced nation yet their president cockblocked stem cell research because of a magical zombie . 
  i 'd like to believe it too but it seems that `` education '' does not counter religiosity . 
  you can be very educated and it still does not go away . 
  the fear of death , along with man 's hatred for others , is just too strong . 
   there comes a point to where liberal thinkers have to become assertive , and not tolerate the intolerant .
