  i am pretty sure that , individually , very few of these people were actually `` monsters '' . 
  yet look what happened . 
   besides , the nazis did have pow camps . 
  you ca n't honestly believe the men on the front lines had full knowledge of what would happen to these 600 . 
  it 's easy to judge . 
  it is easy to make excuses we need to hold people to higher standards than that , if we want to avoid another holocaust . 
  if you are serving a maniacal dictator who has no qualms about invading sovereign countries , who regards a lot of human beings as literally non-human , who has casually expressed - in writing - his intent to gas noncombatants for the craziest reasons , if you are part of his conquering army and your officer orders you to round up 600 innocent men and send them somewhere far away then yeah maybe you should take a deep fucking breath and reassess your situation right then and there, 
  depends on how the prisons in your country are run in our example , these guys rounded up all military aged males in a village and shipped them off . 
  what did they expect to happen , really ? 
  be treated like breivik in a comfy cell with a tv and a playstation ? 
  also these guys grew up ~ 1920 so they knew what total war was like ( ww1 ) and also they had more than a decade to read the book of their leader . 
  at some point you have to put 1 +1 together, 
  but he probably did n't see them on tv, 
   if you want to take issue with someone , let it be the people running the labor camps . 
  you know , we decided that `` just following orders '' is not an excuse if ww2 taught us anything is that everyone has a responsibility to stand up . 
  you know why ? 
  because otherwise you end up with the dudes saying `` i did n't know the water had zyklon gas in it , my commander just ordered me to press the button , i thought we were just giving them a shower '' . 
  where does the diffusion of responsibility end ? 
  turns out it does n't end . 
   the winners write the history . 
  dude . 
  please go to / r/shitwehraboossay and say that again . 
  they 'd love to hear it . 
  edit : let me explain before you downvote me , for allah 's sake . 
  the guys at / r/shitwehraboossay have a bot that detects the phrase `` winners write history '' and posts his message :  hi !, 
   it seems like you are talking about the popular but ultimately flawed and false `` winners write history '' trope !, 
  it is a very lazy and ultimately harmful way to introduce the concept of bias . 
  there is n't really a perfectly pithy way to cover such a complex topic , but much better than winners writing history is writers writing history . 
  this is more useful than it initially seems because until fairly recently the literate were a minority , and those with enough literary training to actually write historical narratives formed an even smaller and more distinct class within that . 
  to give a few examples , genghis khan must surely go down as one of the great victors in all history , but he is generally viewed quite unfavorably in practically all sources , because his conquests tended to harm the literary classes . 
  or the senatorial elite can be argued to have `` lost '' the struggle at the end of the republic that eventually produced augustus , but the roman literary classes were fairly ensconced within ( or at least sympathetic towards ) that order , and thus we often see the fall of the republic presented negatively . 
   ** of course , writers are a diverse set , and so this is far from a magical solution to solving the problems of bias . 
  the painful truth is , each source simply needs to be evaluated on its own merits . 
  **  i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . 
  please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns . 
  that is what i was referring to . 
  here is [ a link to an example ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/history/comments/59u03s/diary_entries_of_a_german_solider_during_the/d9clpqt/ ) of said bot in action . 
  edit2 : turns out this bot does not belong to / r/shitwehraboossay but to / r/history . 
  in any case i stand by what the bot writes . 
  now if you still want to downvote me , may allah bless you . 
   as he said , he is a proud german , who had to fight against bolshevis yeah see the fanatical commitment to fighting the enemies of the motherland makes these people enablers of war crimes if you are unquestionably commited to an ideal you tend to ignore parts of reality that go against it . 
  so if someone tells you `` hey , they are loading jews on that train and sending them off to camps '' you automatically dismiss it as enemy propaganda , or just lies originating from the jewish media , or simply make up excuses like like `` well i am sure they did something wrong and deserved it '' . 
  not to mention our favorite excuse , `` but the bolsheviks did it too ! '', 
  tl/dr ; people simply ignore facts that go against very strongly held beliefs . 
  so maybe do n't encourage people to commit themselves with such fanaticism ? 
  always be critical . 
  btw obviously `` simple nationalism '' is not the same as nazism , i do n't think anyone implied that . 
  reality is way more nuanced, 
  well lookie here boys , we got a live one, 
  that 's like a level 20 concerned citizen right there, 
   the west which was seen as a decadent effeminate culture that will bow to simple violence . 
  i find it scary how the hardcore nationalists use the same rhetoric . 
  whismy !, 
  that was the word i was looking for  better than `` shifty '' . 
  i 'd say the ballot did not distinguish between soft and hard brexit . 
  people were asked to vote for an outcome , leaving the eu , that can be satisfied in a multitude of ways . 
  i do n't see why one way of getting there is more valid than the other ways . 
  ideally , this referendum should be the start of a discussion . 
  like an alarm bell , one that the whole eu should react to , but your government first of all . 
  but it was n't the start of a discussion , it was the ultimate and irrevocable end of it . 
  so i guess we will never find out ? 
  or are there polls that i am unaware of ? 
  i hope you can shed some light . 
   if you all desired was prosperity then you could happily live as one of the growing wealthy classes of oligarchic china . 
  you do n't choose which class you are born in . 
  this lack of choice is why people need democracy , so that the poor people can participate and hopefully alter the system to their benefit as well . 
  i see little point for democracy if you could choose your social class . 
  everyone would just be an aristocrat . 
  of course this is illogical but it illustrates the point . 
   you know i 've actually just thought of a more effective way of conveying my message ... the matrix : the difference between living in dystopian future but having individual free will and choice or a safe and stable environment where you are strictly controlled . 
  although this would probably take our conversation beyond the brexit debate towards too much philosophy . 
  well , it 's really the same question just re-cast in a scifi setting . 
  so : why is that bad ? 
  i 'd say , with that technology , it 's not bad at all . 
  we 'd probably use that technology if we had it readily available . 
  you lose very little and gain experiences beyond your wildest dreams ( i.e. 
  sex with two chicks at the same time ) . 
  how can others define your position for you ? 
  also the result can not be altered , unless the remainers invent a time machine . 
  this does n't make much sense . 
   probably not but then brexit was a political decision not an economic one . 
  maybe for some people . 
  but everytime a brexit position is challenged , the response is `` that is not why we chose brexit ! '' . 
  i mean i totally believe you , if you say your reasons were not economical , then i take it at face value . 
  but it is hard to understand the consensus here . 
  it seems ... shifty . 
  exactly, 
  what is the point of democracy if democracy does n't lead to prosperity ? 
  also , my disclaimer : i 'm not talking about a prosperity where you increase your salary from 2000 $ to 3000 $ . 
  in these cases you should obviously chose democracy over the $ . 
  but what about a case like greece , where the nation is completely broke and the young members of society have literally no future , no chance to start a family even . 
  the choice is not so clear then . 
  disclaimer # 2 : i also understand how bad all of this sounds , but i think we should challenge all ideas without biases . 
   personally i 'm just surprised that so many people coming in such a short amount of time did n't cause any upsets . 
  i 'll venture a guess and say that the media is not obsessed with them nor did the prime minister [ spread propaganda against them ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/migrants-asylum-poland-kaczynski-election/ ), 
   poles do n't put hussar wings on every damn thing they can . 
  then they should . 
  hussar wings are cool, 
   that speech is fake he never said those words i did n't know that . 
  it seems some australian newspaper made a fuss about that in 2015 .
