  if you look at where we are , we are the very best we have ever been . 
  i mean , as humanity . 
  we should be fighting over how to get to mars or how to implement basic income - and not over these retarded identity issues . 
  yet we are still plagued by the same idiocy , across both left and right . 
  very little has changed the last century . 
  populists recognize only their own identity as valid . 
  you have to be a nationalist . 
  otherwise you are a traitor op proposes a more abstract kind of identity that does not oppose , but rather compliments , national identities . 
  yet even this will be shot down by the conservatives . 
  i 've heard the rumors but nobody really knows if this is true . 
  but can you imagine if the russians actually made him win ? 
  lenin will rise from his glass coffin . 
  lol dude i really hope you are right . 
  i am trusting you right now, 
  i am as left-wing as they come but i have to say this : people have been constantly underestimating trump . 
  despite our predictions and expectations , he managed to win every single time . 
  why are we so quick to assume that putin will run circles around him ? 
  i have not been particularly impressed with putin 's track record recently . 
  his economy is pretty bad , he has managed to get sanctions slapped on his country , and he has violated [ his own treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) regarding ukraine - a particularly egregious sin when it comes to international relations . 
  i think these are the actions of a panicked bully , not a political mastermind . 
  now i am not saying trump is a political mastermind ( jesus christ no ) but do n't fucking discount the guy just because you do n't like him . 
  and i say this as someone who honestly does n't like him . 
  i see what you are saying but i just do n't buy it . 
  i think a lot of liberals ( and centrists ) are in denial and do n't want to believe that the majority of their country loves such a person . 
  but it 's true . 
  you do n't get that level of passion and commitment just by protest voting . 
   the majority of americans are facing major problems . 
  outdated infrastructure , rampant drug abuse , crime and major abandonement by the major parties . 
  all this is factually untrue . 
  crime has been steadily dropping in the usa . 
  you can find that out in 5 minutes if you cared . 
  both candidates addressed the drug problem . 
  trump 's solution was to build a wall , hilllary 's solution was to invest $ 7.5 billion for prevention and recovery . 
  now it does n't matter who you agree with ; what matters is that she did n't ignore the issue as you claimed she did . 
  about infrastructure , clinton offered $ 275 billion and trump claimed he would invest `` at least double her numbers '' . 
  that sounds like he is trying to one-up her . 
   they put half their country in a basket of deplorables , because rednecks are the one group that you can always ridicule with impunity are you implying that you ca n't ridicule liberals ? 
  have you even read the_dumpster ? 
   for europe : i believe he promised a scaling back of war operations ( less refugees ) . 
  refugees were not caused by the usa nor by obama . 
  you also forgot to mention his love-affair with putin and his appeasement of russia - a country that is currently involved in a war on european soil . 
   if he reduces taxes , companies are bound to repatriate their foreign cash stash back to us , which will mean less acquisitions of european companies ( a good thing imho ) . 
  i 'd love to see how where he would find $ 550 + billion dollars for infrastructure spending by decreasing taxes . 
  trickle down economics has been proven not to work . 
   the decline of the west is in full swing and i do n't see how it can be stopped . 
  what is interesting is that the west is imploding . 
  nobody conquered us or outsmarted us . 
  we just shot ourselves in the foot and also probably in the head . 
  this will be an interesting history lesson . 
  it seems that humans really hate peace and progress ? 
  i mean you mentioned the end of history - capitalism won , yet 15 years after capitalism won and dominated the planet , it crashed on its own . 
  see the 2008 financial crisis . 
  and that was without any ideological or political opponent . 
  people are saying the same about liberalism . 
  it allegedly dominated the west yet it imploded . 
  same thing happened to nationalism a century ago : it dominated our continent , nationalism was prevalent everywhere yet very quickly it imploded in an orgy of violence . 
  it seems that humans just hate happiness . 
  the moment somebody wins , he commits suicide . 
   funny , because i already spotted the problem in your post : you call these people nutjubs . 
  i am not a huge fan of trump , le pen et cetera , but by doing this you are alienating a large part of the voting power . 
  please provide an example where a trump fan does not alienate a progressive voter . 
  show me this understanding and `` reaching out '' you guys love to speak of otherwise , drop this weird line of reasoning, 
  anti-clinton * is * pro-trump . 
  please grow up . 
  there are only two choices and each has clear consequences in all honesty , the people who voted `` anti-clinton '' are even worse than the trumptards . 
  because at least the trumptards know what they stand for and are honest about it . 
  why are you asking me ? 
  do you think i represent american liberals, 
  the internet is basically more information . 
  and more information does not lead to more knowledge or more education ; more information leads to better propaganda . 
   more pragmatism over ideaology we had two of the most ideological votes in recent memory , i do n't see whence pragmatism will arise, 
  if the internet has done one thing , it 's to educate us on how shitty we human beings really are . 
  just barely above animals . 
  or maybe not even that . 
  quite the opposite of what we expected . 
  what has made you conclude that people are rational agents ? 
  they placed their frustration with uppity negroes ( #blm ) and hearing poles speaking polish in the uk as more important than national security . 
  everything is possible . 
   in the process , disfranchise the whole nation ( or in the very least the majority , represented by the lower classes ) and limit their say to token participation on public matters , limited almost to the role of rubber-stamping choices imposed on them by the ruling elites . 
  how do you think trumpists were disenfranchised ? 
  like what kind of participation was denied to them by the `` corrupt elite '', 
  he is a christian like any other . 
  christians are not required by the bible or their religion to show `` fervor '' during presidential elections . 
  this is done for political reasons anyway so i do n't know where you got this idea, 
  so what is your argument ? 
  he is not a christian because you do n't like him ? 
  the novelty of a so called `` anti-establishment '' candidate to a generation of new voters who had n't encountered this rhetoric before . 
  they thought trump was something new and contrarian , when we in europe have encountered this shit many times before . 
  anyway that is all i got : the novelty . 
  did you see the people in his campaign ? 
  they were incredibly motivated . 
  it was the first time politics mattered to them . 
  the bernie sanders crowd has some of that energy , but they got obliterated by hillary . 
  imagine if the trumpists lost to ted cruz and he got to run - they would lose by a landslide too . 
  i could be wrong , but it would be very difficult to have another trump . 
  after today , it will be very difficult to pander to the `` anti-establishment '' crowd again . 
  and eventually it will wear off , especially when he is shown to be incompetent . 
   zero religions convictions lolwat . 
  trump is a christian . 
   gay `` marriage '' was a supreme court ruling why the quotes ?
