  it read more like an example of how these things go , rather than a joke also you can add an / s if you are being sarcastic . 
   so funny how simplistic certain people 's blame game is . 
  exactly . 
  such simpletons , man . 
  they do n't even know that immigrants are to blame for everything, 
   if 7,5 % already causes this much disturbances what are these disturbances and what does this have to do with the topic at hand ? 
  you guys realize that not every single thread is there so you can shit on your least favourite demographic . 
  you do n't have to do this in every single thread , you know . 
  you can make an observation , comment or question about the matter at hand . 
  changes are driven out of necessity not because people get bored, 
   frankly i do n't find that whole transport industry so interesting anymore so you , sitting in front of your computer . 
  decided that the whole industry is `` boring '' and therefore countless people should lose their jobs and try to adapt to something you find interesting seriously man, 
  i still dont get how you know this and also why would you discuss politics at work ? 
  edit : downvote all you like but please give me an answer . 
  or are you another proud nationalist who lies about being victimized ? 
  i 've asked so many people for evidence of this victimization yet literally none had something to say . 
  i guess you are no exception . 
  i mean that was basically the red pill in one post, 
  what do you mean, 
  are you replying on behalf of the other guy ? 
  that is awesome yet totally irrelevant since germany wo n't become an arab country nor does anyone of importance want that to happen, 
  that was n't a question . 
  it was someone who aggressive whines and complains about being victimized i.e. 
  silenced, 
  yes we can . 
  enough with your self-victimization . 
  do n't you ever get tired of being a victim ? 
  dude please do n't spread these rumors or we 'll see them on the cover of the sun, 
   is silenced as a racist nazi . 
  nope . 
  what is happening is that you aggressive whine and complain about being called a racist when nobody called you anything like that but yeah go ahead and play the victim card , it seems to generate a lot of karma, 
  i do n't , i wanted to show him how his ideas can backfire i am very happy bulgaria is in the eu and i do n't want any of them deported except maybe himself if he ever steps out of his village, 
  republicans . 
  they exist . 
  it is not speculation . 
   but the areas that had the most immigrants also have the most immigrants voting and immigrants would overwhelmingly prefer more immigrants , especially from their native countries . 
  immigrants did not vote in the referendum . 
   and then you 're also making a massive fallacy of assuming human choice is inherently good or rational i agree with you , but if you say this while arguing against brexit you will be labelled as an enemy of democracy and downvoted to oblivion . 
   nazis enjoyed pretty strong support * how dare you label everyone who does n't agree with you as a nazi !, 
  * of course i am being sarcastic but its cool how you can just go ahead and say that while you complain about being unfairly labelled as a nazi . 
  well , chances are , they would n't even see them . 
  but they would see gay people freely walking about , mingling of races , not enough police , too much drugs . 
  these things can cause an aneurysm to your average gd supporter . 
  sure . 
  any day now , you 'll get your money back . 
  guaranteed . 
   i do n't see it from those that are so often indicted of racism . 
  by whom ? 
   make an argument why it is advantageous to stay inside the eu . 
  maybe it will be received better . 
  all arguments were dismissed because * omg muslims are raping our white kids * and * hurr durr the eu wants to ban our queen * not to mention we need 350 million for our nhs . 
  and people telling me what i traitor to my country i am for not wanting the eu to crash and burn . 
  do you wan na argue with that ? 
  go ahead man . 
  good fucking luck . 
  i 'll go for mockery instead . 
  and yet i manage to * not * vote based on anger . 
  unlike these people who allegedly * do n't * have anger issues . 
  that is probably because they are afraid of expressing themselves openly . 
  but give them a keyboard and everyone becomes a warrior, 
  i see . 
  i was actually agreeing with / r/noirblancviolet so i should have replied to him/her directly . 
  because , sadly , i am one of the people you describe , except that i have a decent job in it . 
  but i still think that i know more than the world that these uneducated ogres . 
  and i can only wish my farts smelled like raspberries . 
  they have an obsession for what they think is german i.e. 
  if they actually spent a day ( and night ) in modern day berlin , the would probably freak out and burn all their nazi flags . 
   which is not the case . 
  are you sure ? 
  i am an expat too ( since i 'm white ) and literally every other greek expat i met hates both germany and the eu . 
  and even if its not pure hatred then there is always some mistrust , dislike and condescension towards their host country . 
  it is fascinating and i also do n't understand it . 
  but it exists in 100 % of the cases . 
   that 's how the pvv voter is framed , the angry white man , but it 's much more complex now . 
  it 's entrepreneurs , teachers , church leaders , people who feel the traditional parties on all sides of the spectrum simply are n't listening to their concerns . 
  does being a `` church leader '' or whatever prevent you from being an `` angry white man '' ? 
  they are not mutually exclusive edit : please note that i did n't call anyone an `` angry white man '' here . 
  it was the author that used that expression . 
  and did the idiot author really think that `` entrepreneurs , teachers and church leaders '' are paragons of morality and not normal human beings like the rest of us ? 
  i guess so . 
  it is very funny how the same americans screamed `` communism '' and `` marxist '' against obama and accusing him of `` wealth redistribution '' because he tried to give them proper national healthcare like a 1st world nation . 
  the same people now talk about inequality and the working class . 
  it is insane . 
  they do n't really have an ideology , they are pure reaction , which is why we call them `` reactionary '' after all . 
   britain is one the richest countries in europe , but also one of the most unequal countries on the planet . 
  if you are talking about income inequality , that ca n't be right . 
  you are not even halfway to the bottom . 
   i voted remain , and still will fight to remain , but you have to recognise that there are valid problems which have made these people want to fuck over the rest of the country . 
  i ca n't recognize it , sorry . 
  if wales is so bad , then they can take a god damn train and in 2 hours reach a place that has an actual english name and not one from lord of the rings . 
  even if they live in the toilet of the uk , they are still in the uk . 
  it can get so much worse than that . 
  they have no idea . 
  nope . 
  he explained why he thought wilders made racist remarks . 
  simple no ? 
   what i do disagree with is that it accomplishes very little to just hurl labels and not listen as to why his ever-growing support is flocking to him . 
  it is a well-thought post . 
  he is not hurling labels . 
  it is borderline trolling to suggest that he is .
