  just regard uniformity as the highest virtue and watch everyone fall in line . 
  nope , you are allowed to go to germany and apply for asylum ; if the country accepts your claim then you are perfectly legal in residing there of course this is the reality as it is understood by normal people . 
  on the other hand , you guys live in a bubble where even the law is * a leftist conspiracy set up to destroy our proud white culture *, 
  i do n't know if you realize this too but : refugees are not illegal germany for example does not have a legal upper limit , on how many refugees may apply for asylum . 
  so you can disagree with their choice to take them in but saying its illegal its objectively false and obvious agenda pushing, 
  you realize that polish people have immigrated everywhere , right ? 
   i just reaffirm him that we do n't need such people that on a whim decide to choose more comfortable life , and now are first to comment about how great decision they made . 
  you should disabuse yourself of the idea that you decide what the country needs and does n't need . 
  secondly , you know nothing regarding his motivation to move . 
  for some immigrants , it 's not a choice . 
  thirdly , making a comment on reddit does not add to any pile . 
  it hurts your feelings , sure , but that does not mean it 's making poland a shittier country . 
  all in all , your implication that he or she is a coward is the real shallow statement here . 
  more bitter than anything . 
  username checks out, 
   but not murdering to the ( same ) extent , at all what kind of logic is this ? 
  do they have to murder at a 1:1 ratio now ? 
   called the cops and said i intend to bring down the state and let people live free in a glorious ancap world , then blown up the local parliament , would it not be reasonable to assume that i am an anarchist ? 
  nope . 
  it would be idiotic to assume you were an anarchist . 
  warning : engleave might have unpleasant sideffects such as ( but not limited to ) being repeatedly stabbed and shot in the head, 
   patriotism is different in the sense that it , at least until trump , has been fundamentally inclusive and civic based on the principle of different people coming together because they want to build something . 
  that is a pretty weird definition of patriotism patriots do n't `` come together '' nor are they meant to be different . 
  they have to be uniform , especially in their pride towards a culture that is not of their choosing , but one you are born into, 
  sounds like greek orthodoxy is it just me or are religious retards basically the same everywhere, 
   disagreement - is equated to intolerance -- which is deceitfully ignorant . 
  disagreement ? 
  we are talking about the criminalization of a group of people , or an innate characteristic of them , that harms noone . 
  its not a disagreement . 
  but of course you know that . 
   we do n't support homos , but ... who knew what would come after that sentence ? 
  it was n't what i expected though, 
   i 'm glad you do n't live here as well . 
  ah yes , the people who are critical of your country should not live there talk about democracy 2.0, 
   he who eats two banichki is n't crazy , crazy is he who gives them to him . 
  this is literally the worst saying i 've heard . 
  i googled what a banichki is and it still does n't make sense maybe there is some sexual reference i 'm not getting here, 
  i like how the excuses start to prop up the moment its proven to you that christians in shitty countries are just as shitty you ca n't just ca n't get rid of your double standard . 
  but but but but the muslims !, 
   poland 's brand of religion is nationalistic , xenophobic , conservative and not very tolerant of the others . 
  you just triggered most of / r/europe but seriously enough with this pc nonsense ... just because people want to criminalize homosexuality does not mean they are intolerant ... damn liberal pc brigade edit : jesus christ ** / s ** people . 
  it 's scary that this comment would be taken at face value, 
   they just stand behind their religion and beliefs . 
  `` just '' , as if it is n't a majorly fucked up thing to do but its religion so i guess its ok, 
  that 's cool but before you start the lecture on proper argumentation , maybe read op 's post :  an entire country of normal people with whom so many cultural and historical features are shared with pro-eu nations ca n't be simply be unreasonable , alien , and stupid . 
  the whole `` argument '' is putting words into someone 's mouth . 
  i do n't see anyone in the thread or in the article calling the whole country `` unreasonable '' `` alien '' or `` stupid '' . 
  there is no argument . 
  so since there whole premise is a huge strawman , if i want to point out inconsistencies in his argument , i am free to do so . 
  i understand you do n't like it but it is generally acceptable to point hypocrisy in a public forum , think of it as a self-correcting mechanism . 
   gross simplification like that is n't really helpful this close to the referendum , we need real debate . 
  like [ this ] ( https://semipartisansam.files.wordpress.com/2016/05/vote-leave-nhs-350-million-brexit.jpg?w=350&amp;h=200&amp;crop=1 ) ? 
   oh golly gee , not ~ ~ self-rule ~ ~ being led by the people you blindly support !, 
  ftfy  fascist !, 
  racist !, 
  sexist !, 
  did someone call you that or are you playing the victim again ? 
  do n't blame the mods man . 
  they walk a ridiculously thin line where if they remove the wrong comments everyone screams censorship and omg / r/europe is literally hitler, 
   i was just saying that mass shootings happen no you were just using a [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) fallacy no shit mass shooting happen everywhere , the point was the usa has way more , which is true , its an objective fact no matter how you spin it, 
  well it 's better to be in the good graces of the `` oppressor '' rather than be his enemy, 
  nope , you said that the outcome is politically convenient to the trumpoids . 
  which is true , since they are fanatics . 
  but are people justified in being mad the refugees ? 
  like when merkel 's popularity dropped . 
  are they justified or is that too `` tabloid politics '' ? 
  the orlando shootings were not convenient to the victims ' families too . 
  i think that is obvious or ? 
  in general , having political violence on such a level is not convenient for anyone . 
  you have to be an extremely cynical ( or fanatical ? ), 
  ideologue to think this is a good thing . 
  yeah remain might win , but is that a good thing ? 
  even after having your own politicians murdered ? 
  none of this shit is good . 
  i 'd rather people remain sane and then vote for brexit , but that clearly is not going to happen now . 
   those events are atrocities , but sure as hell people use them as an argument to further their political agenda . 
  i just wonder if you 'd say the same thing when people are mad at immigration , or blame every muslim for every terrorist attack . 
  i bet you would n't . 
  i 'm happy you loved it , because i 'm gon na give you a little bit more . 
  you ( or the people who support ) have spent decades screaming at all the muslims for being incompatible with this abstract ideal of `` the west '' . 
  now you get a taste of your own medicine . 
  you did n't like it . 
  surprise surprise !, 
  no one , whether he or she is a centrist , a leftist , a right-winger , a libertardian , a hipster , or just apolitical , denies that isis is to blame for these attacks . 
  no one . 
  just as no one in this thread is blaming christians or white people or brits even for this attack . 
  the blame lies primarily in the nationalists . 
  obviously the brexit side is not to be directly blamed for this attack , but only for tolerating and encouraging these people . 
  you did n't care to purge the extremists from your ranks . 
  i bet you were very happy to have them as long as they voted for your side . 
  so believe me you are getting scot-free out of this . 
  you are getting less flak for this than what you deserve . 
   always has been this way , really . 
  just cleverly disguised no , being against pc is a new thing . 
  people think its a badge of honor . 
  its like the trollification of politics, 
   its probably not planned or staged , but its one hell of a convenient event . 
  it 's really not . 
  maybe try telling that to the victim 's family . 
   and to be perfectly honest .
