  same thing that `` white males '' have to do : nothing . 
  hence the sarcasm . 
  it seems some people are selective in their outrage . 
  does n't matter , there is a circlejerk going on against all muslims , people want to participate even if they do n't / ca n't read the articles . 
   open borders , weak police , and a political landscape that favors appeasement rather than confrontation ; it does n't take a genius to see that europe was ripe for terrorist infiltration . 
  so we should be invading random countries ? 
  when refugees flee from said countries , we should just sit across the ocean and pretend we had nothing to do with it , oh you silly europeans , you did n't clean our mess well enough !, 
  but but but but freedom of speech ? 
  ah i forgot it does n't exist when talking about muslims . 
  only when white males are involved does freedom of speech become a thing . 
  i do n't know if you read the news but they were home grown terrorists . 
  but yeah lets use this tragedy to stop immigration , even if it has nothing to do with it . 
  what he means is he wants to see all muslims deported . 
  have they been living in germany for decades , first second generation immigrants ? 
  does n't matter , they have not assimilated to tollingbelloftoltus ' standards so they must be kicked out of europe to ... somewhere . 
  does n't matter where . 
  but kick them out !, 
  they are still working class though . 
  i like how your solidarity does not extend one centimeter past your own group . 
  all doctors and police are corrupt , yeah , fuck them . 
  really if you want to use terms like working class try to learn what they mean beforehand . 
  i am not smart enough to understand what you wrote . 
  let me say this , i 've worked in this amazing greek private sector ( as most of us have i assume ? ), 
  so when i hear people shitting on the public sector i ca n't help but wonder where the fuck have they been living when the public sector is any less corrupt , disgusting , useless and lazy than the `` private '' one . 
  and i say `` private '' in quotes because its basically a collection of feudal kingdoms , run by mini-tyrants , all in collaboration with the worst parts of the state , glued together by the warm jizz that is the orthodox church . 
  but yeah lets shit on the teachers because fuck them and fuck the kids they desperately try to teach . 
  lazy bums !, 
  its because you care about appearances so much . 
  your reputation means so much to you . 
  so without knowing anything about a person , just because he is publicly saying something bad about greece , you lose your mind . 
  what is hypocritical ( and hillarious ) about this is that if we were having a rl conversation we 'd be buddies and agreeing in 100 % of what i said . 
  greeks love shitting on their country and you know it . 
  we just love doing it in private where the foreigners ca n't listen . 
  you make a valid point . 
  i imagine it sounds just as weird . 
  like if i go to r/usa and start ranting about how mexicans or asians do n't assimilate in the real usa culture , i imagine i 'd get some wtf replies . 
  everything bad in the bible is not meant to be taken literally but everything bad in the quran is meant to be taken literally ? 
   minus the public sector that 's my true greek bro right there . 
  fuck the others . 
  fuck the doctors , the police , the teachers . 
  only look out for your own group . 
  and have the nerve to complain how bad others treat you . 
  its sad but i 'd be lying if i said i was n't expecting it . 
   everywhere you turn on the internet there is some random asshole yeah , its called the internet . 
  there are random assholes insulting everyone . 
  but no , its all about your national pride . 
  they hate us . 
  they hate us because we are the best country ever !!, 
  its strange that you are being downvoted . 
  its like every instance of deportation is immediately cheered for , no matter the consequences . 
   the westboro baptist church ( more liberal than vast majority of muslims ) wat are you serious ? 
  have you met a single muslim , let alone the vast majority of them ? 
  yeah , its the european media that is to blame . 
  all over europe the people are so fucking stupid , they got tricked by the media into thinking that greeks are bad when in reality we are the best race ever ! 11, 
   the west has little to no stomach for an actual war nowadays . 
  maybe because some folks * cough cough * lied about wmds in order to invade foreign countries . 
  once the bullshit became obvious , people became disillusioned with foreign intervention . 
  this is news to me , because i 've never encountered it . 
  people in the south and north are fundamentally different . 
  a greek has more in common with a turk than with a german . 
  i have to say , its strange to hear an american driving the discussion on who is and is n't assimilating in europe . 
  i live in germany for years and have muslim ( turkish background ) neighbours . 
  way more assimilated than other `` white europeans '' from the south and east , whose assimilation amounts to `` bitch and complain about the germans every waking hour '' . 
  btw i 'm not saying you should n't participate . 
  you totally should and its great . 
  i am just saying that its sad for a total foreigner ( culturally , economically and politically ) to be the one trying to explain things . 
  but in any case i welcome your opinion even though i disagree . 
  conservatives/right-wingers do not want this . 
  they never did . 
  now it bit them in the ass , and they are angry . 
  well maybe they should have kicked religion out of politics sooner , we would n't have to deal with this shit now . 
  its time to say it ? 
  you have been saying this for months or even years now . 
  the fact that you think people are afraid of muslims is n't some grand controversial revelation . 
  its what we are hearing every day . 
  especially here . 
  complaining that nobody messes with the muslims is the most pc thing you can say it such a discussion . 
  its a mentality `` born of prosperity '' because this mentality leads to prosperity . 
  its better that your `` tried and true '' reproductive strategies which have historically meant that one person ( the woman ) is a slave . 
  you 'd like that , but you are wrong . 
  but keep self-victimizing though , its very effective politically . 
  what a surprise , the more anti-muslim/anti-refugee a party is , the more insanely backwards they are . 
  who would have thought ? 
  good thing you guys are tough on muslims . 
  you really showed them , brussels too . 
  you would n't want your country to go to back to the middle ages would we now ? 
   also , i dont recognize this ` oppressed-yet-proud-white-nationalist-male narrative ' that you speak of . 
  its the narrative in which conservative natives ( i.e. 
  whites , usually males ) are under attack by their own government , which favors muslim terrorists ( aka refugees , same thing really ) over them . 
  this is an extremely popular online narrative , especially now during the refugee crisis . 
   doubt it , i find the narrative fairly difficult to argue with these days . 
  the internet makes it seems so , because the angry people are louder . 
  also confirmation bias . 
  stories where right wingers do bad things are profoundly downvoted and/or ignored . 
  also here we find out that this asshole was not charged with anything . 
  this is common . 
  the initial news article is massively upvoted , shit is stired , everyone is angry . 
  yet the article that proves it was n't a big deal is ignored . 
  its called `` throw enough mud at the wall , some of it will stick '' . 
  but your last paragraph nails it .
