  with the disgusting coverage of the uk media , you would n't really know your country 's relation to the eu would you ? 
  why , do you have any shame to spare ? 
  these people came legally to your country and work and pay taxes . 
  nobody forced you to join the eu . 
  but you made it legal for them to come there and they did . 
  now you do a 180 and start screaming against foreigners stealing your money and raping your women . 
  it is you who are shameless , collectively . 
  at least the dude is dignified enough to leave after brexit happens . 
  however you will remain undignified for a long after that . 
  nationalism the balkans were ruled by multi-ethnic , multi-national empires for centuries . 
  this meant that all sorts of ethnic groups lived intermixed . 
  you had a slav village here , a turkish one there , a greek one here , an aromanian one there etc. 
  and ofc it was never cleanly segregated , you had all these people living in the same village/town/city next door from each other then people decided that nationalities should have their own states , which is great in theory , but the problem is how do you divide the land ? 
  each groups claims too much land for itself and this pisses off other groups . 
  it 's literally impossible to draw clean borders in the balkans and naturally no-one wants to relocate so the only way to solve this problem is with war . 
  the town i mostly grew up in ( thessaloniki ) was multiethnic up until the early 20th century . 
  but the greek army reached it first and `` liberated '' it , forcing most non-greek folks to leave, 
  itt : people claiming that the restaurant was merely `` critisizing islam '' and therefore ca n't be islamophobic . 
  also islam is n't a race so you ca n't be racist against muslims . 
  basically r/europe in a nutshell . 
   it was one of the factors , yes i think it was n't , based on some refugee facts . 
  or did i not understand you ? 
   otherwise , yes , we largely agree , do n't we ? 
  kind of , but then why do you downvote me :'(, 
  well you can prove to us how solid your grasp us by showing us all these european `` pseudoliberals '' who conflate economic migrants with actual refugees . 
   how dare i make comments on news articles on the internet . 
  for shame . 
  you better get used to people criticizing your comments . 
   also , considering the amount of upvotes i got on that comment , you two seem to be the only ones taking umbrage with my wording . 
  / r/europe is notoriously anti-refugee . 
  you also seem to be rather spineless , if you think that being in the majority makes you correct . 
  i 've gotten anything from -50 to +50 but i never used that as an argument or as a way to attack others . 
   heck , uk `` left '' eu , in part due to 2015 refugee/migrant influx . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  they made a weak promise to take in 20,000 . 
  they took in about ~ 5,000 . 
  this caused them to leave ? 
  i do n't think this was the perception brits had about the refugees . 
  it was the populist right wingers screaming about hordes/millions of rapist muslims invading the uk daily . 
  and the uk media are ideologically anti-eu so there is no opposition . 
   what eu has done , however , was infighting , disregard for its own regulation , leaving chaos develop along the migrant routes , disregard for its security ( allowed trafficking mafia to flourish ) , disregard for human suffering etc. 
  not the eu , but the individual countries . 
  what the proud patriotic european nations did was to bury their head in the sand . 
  * the refugees are not our problem !, 
  nobody wanted to cooperate . 
  nobody wanted to commit to a collective solution , people are like this , the tragedy of the commons or what have you , nobody gives the slightest shit for things that do n't affect him or her 100 % directly . 
   i wish for an eu more capable than that . 
  national politicians are using the eu as a scapegoat for literally every fuck up they do , also they do n't take the time and effort to properly educate their citizens regarding what the eu is . 
  therefore the eu is toothless . 
  the same politicians who ignore , complain , obstruct and downright attack the eu are the ones who accuse it of not being efficient enough . 
  the irony . 
  the fact that you did n't expect it is even funnier . 
  you understand we are a totally different continent with different politics , right ? 
  i know our shared language makes us seem so similar but we are not and you claim that it was just semantics . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  nice to have an american lecture us what our `` liberals '' believe about the refugees or economic migrants without any sources whatsoever except his own biases, 
  well . 
  okay . 
  maybe you should n't project american politics ( or your biases on them ) in a discussion about a purely european issue, 
  thank you for writing this . 
  so much bullshit is thrown around , voices like ours are drowned out . 
  even if we accept that foreign `` elites '' are to blame for everything , it is still not a fucking excuse . 
  there are always people with opposing interests to ours , they will try to fuck us over , such is life . 
  the thing is , what do we do about it ? 
  like ok yes we are victims , i get it . 
  what do we do about it ? 
  why do we continue being victims ? 
  women walking while wearing a swimsuit are not exhibiting . 
  now go back to breitbart , their comment section needs a little more spice, 
  where are all the ( usually american ) experts who shouted `` this is french culture !, 
  it is completely legal !, 
  well done france ! '' ? 
  why have they disappeared ? 
  seriously someone needs to go to their mom 's basement and check if they are ok , they might have had a heart attack . 
   you seem to be confused , i never said greeks wanted to leave eu . 
   even other redditor confirmed that leaving eurozone would mean leaving eu ... 
  i do n't get it , is this sarcasm ? 
  who proposed leaving the eurozone back then ? 
  was it a viable option ? 
   on the contrary . 
  and if you wish to blame yourself that 's your call i guess . 
  i do n't wish to blame anyone . 
  but unfortunately our wishes have no impact on reality . 
   because troika did n't let them in the beginning we had many elections since then . 
  so stop fucking blaming others for own our fuckups . 
  nobody wanted to leave the eu , especially not back then . 
   i can only imagine the amounts of pressure that the greek governments were subjected to behind the closed doors . 
  i would n't be surprised if kicking out of the eu would be mentioned . 
  yes , i am sure you can imagine a lot of things that conveniently fit your pre-existing narrative . 
  but try to also imagine this : hindsight is 20/20 . 
  and you seem like an awfully friendly and tolerant fellow . 
  * do n't agree with conservatism ? 
  you are an idiot , live in a bubble , also a waste of time . 
  * i did n't mean that conservatives are bad , if that is what offended you . 
  humans can compartmentalize madness very well . 
  you can believe in something crazy and be a perfectly nice person . 
  also diversity is irrelevant . 
  diversity may or may not be good , and an ideology may or may not be irrational , one does not negate the other . 
  well , guess again . 
  familiarity breeds contempt perhaps ?
