   by itself , a confession without a body or any other evidence or witnesses is certainly not enough to convict . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  the guy basically said on the phone : i cut somebody 's head off in another country 6 years ago . 
  sure they should investigate , but i 'm not gon na hold my breath for any `` leads '' . 
   if people still feel unhappy about the eu they are not going to change their minds because the majority disagree why not ? 
  their main argument is that the eu undemocratically forces itself upon the population . 
  so if they lose in a series of referendums all across europe , the matter should be settled . 
  but we all know that it wo n't . 
   but why would you enjoy this ? 
  this will be worse for the smaller and debatably deserving countries , but it will also be bad for the eu as a whole and the bigger countries as well . 
  a personal reason : i love seeing people get what they deserve . 
  so if the weaker countries hate the eu , they absolutely should be left alone to fend for themselves . 
  just imagine an isolated greece , collapsing under the drachma bankruptcy ; probably all of syria would arrive in greece unopposed . 
  turkey would help ferry them over and nobody would give a fuck . 
  it 's an awful decision if you only read the headline . 
  this is specifically designed to provoke outrage against `` multiculturalism '' and enough people are foaming at the mouth atm so its all good . 
  he is already convicted of `` being part of a terrorist group '' . 
  the beheading thing is new ; he just said on the phone that he ( or they ? ), 
  beheaded a man in syria . 
  so they just started a new investigation on that . 
  i imagine its pretty difficult to prove a specific beheading on a different continent . 
  how do you investigate that ? 
  how do you prove it even ? 
  i imagine he was mad and just shit talking at this point , i am actually impressed the authorities took him seriously enough to warrant another investigation . 
  he said he beheaded someone on the phone . 
  in another country too . 
  funny how you believe everything these damn mooslims say , as long its self-incriminating . 
  the guy is already convicted for another crime and given a 5 year sentence . 
  but do n't let reality cloud your rage . 
  are you truly incapable of parsing a news item ? 
  is it so hard for you ? 
  as you can imagine , i feel quite embarrassed . 
   it is probably more about personal experiences outside of this website . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  but if i am wrong , then it 's even more stupid . 
  the political arguments one gets into in unrelated websites or topics , sometimes years in the past , are not of any interest here . 
  i 've gotten into many arguments where i received even death threats so should i just spam here calling all right-wingers `` racists '' ? 
  of course not . 
  what you describe is called having an agenda , trying to take revenge on us because somebody called you a `` racist '' sometime . 
  i am sorry but its not my fault . 
  anyway its not only left-wingers that talk shit and i am surprised anyone would think its only the left . 
  its called politics and please lets try and keep it civilized without this tocix self-victimization . 
  i 'll try to make it but the leftist politically correct brigade might attack me so apologies if i am late . 
  please go on . 
  i 've seen it only twice and both instances were massively downvoted . 
  you too . 
  you have no good reason to self-victimize yourself . 
  victim culture is embarrassing . 
  please stop . 
   to suggest the multiculturalism has failed , that mass migration has been harmful and that perhaps sweden has lost its collective mind in it 's attempt to be the jesus of europe typically does elicit angry cries of `` racist ! '', 
  nope . 
  show me evidence . 
  you are the 4th person i have asked this , all 3 before you failed . 
  one guy even brought posts from other subreddits to prove his point - and predictably failed . 
  so i hope you will fare better in your attempts to justify your self-victimization . 
  edit : even angela fucking merkel said that multiculturalism has failed . 
  you know , the same conservative cdu politician that you love to hate ? 
  her . 
  [ she actually said it five years ago ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-german-multiculturalism-failed ) which totally defeats your argument . 
  you are so politically incorrect that you are repeating what the chancellor of germany publicly stated ... living on the edge indeed !, 
   similarly , critically questioning what turning large portions of northern europe into little replicas of north africa and the middle east might be doing to us as societies has been largely taboo it has n't . 
  the discussion is everywhere . 
  it 's one of the most non-taboo topics there are . 
  please stop with the victim culture . 
  there is no reason to complain here . 
  i 've had death threats from golden dawn members in the past , i 've had all kinds of insults and abuse hurled at me because i do n't support the traditional/conservative culture and worldview . 
  should i complain and moan about it on every topic ? 
  you are not a victim . 
  bring forth the posts branding you a racist and i promise i will downvote and report them . 
  otherwise stop whining please , because honestly its embarrassing . 
   i 'm merely a reflection and a reaction to the political climate of the last 10 or 15 years in europe , the clumsy attempts at social engineering , and the fruit it 's borne . 
  and clearly i 'm not alone in seeing things as i do . 
  i am not alone either , what does that mean ? 
  who is branding you a racist , now or 10 or 15 years in the past ? 
  what does that have to do with the topic at hand ? 
  please do n't inject your personal agenda into this . 
  nobody is calling you a racist . 
  except there is n't because we see anti-muslim , anti-islam and anti-refugees articles and comments all the time . 
  usually they are upvoted as well . 
  you are not a victim of censorship . 
  stop pretending to be one . 
  it 's disgusting and i am happy other users are beginning to notice it as well . 
  nobody is calling anyone a racist ( at least at the time i am writing this ) yet there are those users who pretend they are being victimized by this alleged leftist pc brigade , despite not having any evidence . 
  most of the articles are about immigrants and most of the comments are about how impossible it is for the muslims to integrate or assimilate , so there is no censorship anyway . 
  who branded you a racist ? 
  it 's amazing that you guys get to say whatever you want , in any discussion you want , no matter how irrelevant , ** without anyone calling you a racist yet you still complain about it ** . 
  you are not a victim . 
  you are not being oppressed here , no matter how much you 'd love to . 
  it 's embarrassing to see people 5 comments deep a conversation whining and complaining how much their voice is `` nullified '' while being upvoted for it . 
  do you not see the irony ? 
  or rather , the hypocrisy ? 
  this is the only mind-blowing thing here . 
  the anti-refugee camp likes to pretend they are starring in their own 1984 novel . 
  why ? 
  we read such things daily here . 
  there is nothing remarkable about the article itself . 
   surely it 's no problem that people want a vote ? 
  well depends . 
  the vote itself is not a problem but what bothers me is that , even if the vote turns out to be pro-eu , the fanatical anti-eu side will not relent . 
  i mean lets be honest here .
