   in no way does it forbid from mocking a religion i do n't know if you realize this but mocking a religion is the same insulting as insulting it , especially for these people . 
  fair enough but what about your blasphemy law ? 
  i mean reddit existed at a time ( 2005 ) when your law was still in the books reflect on that for a moment, 
  greece has a pretty nasty blasphemy law too . 
  a blogger was [ successfully prosecuted in 2012 ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2014/01/16/elder-pastitsios-satire-greek-blogger-sentenced-to-10-month-prison-for-insulting-religion/ ) and was sentenced to 10 months in prison . 
  i dunno , it really seems that us euros pretend to be morally superior to everyone else . 
   wtf those people want , nuke mecca ? 
  no , they want someone who is a braggart and a buffoon , like bush . 
  talking about crusades and shit . 
  everything is emotional and symbolic when it comes to the right . 
  on the other hand , obama has been too efficient as a war leader and also too modest about it . 
  that is his sin . 
  the war nerd wrote an interesting article about this , [ take a look ] ( https://www.nsfwcorp.com/dispatch/war-nerd-obamas-wars/ ) . 
   a western liberal democracy not fucking saudi arabia . 
  a liberal democracy with a monarch who is also the head of the church , lets not forget more importantly , you had a pro-christian [ blasphemy law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law_in_the_united_kingdom ) until 2008 . what a long way you 've come since 8 years . 
  are you a member of the [ kke ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_greece ) perhaps ? 
  i swear i 've heard this before, 
  i think the ( populist ) right wing 's goals , at the moment , are not only unrealistic but also destructive . 
  so that 's why i guess ? 
  obligatory stewart lee clip : [ nostalgic for the ira ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwkeeqxt3uq ) . 
  but social media and internet use has been steadily increasing . 
  so we have this perception that europe was a peaceful and homogeneous place back in the day , and then muslims came in and ruined everything . 
   i read these comments and the amount of migrant cock sucking i see makes my heart sink i think you forgot to alt + tab , from whatever it was you were watching, 
   leftists accusing anyone who disagree with them of being nazis evidence ? 
  some people claim this , like they spend most of their posting career complaining that they are being unfairly labeled `` racists '' or `` nazis '' and i always ask for evidence . 
  so back it up . 
  also , you would be surprised to know that no one has brought forth such evidence . 
  i have asked several people . 
  also , i have been on this sub for some time and accusations of racism/nazism are pretty rare and not always unjustified . 
  just spend 10 minutes and go through these threads if you do n't believe me . 
   if they feel isolated and resented they will feel no inclination to report extremists in their midst . 
  this is why the right , especially the populists , tries to isolate them as much as possible . 
  it is deliberate . 
  an angry , isolated and disenfranchised minority leads to social tension , which leads to votes being funneled to them . 
  so it is in their best interest to inject as much fear and paranoia they can . 
   there 's one big ideology that is responsible for 99 % + of the islamic terrorism in europe but it 's something everyone has to dance around . 
  strange because it seems that is the one thing everyone is talking about . 
  you = your country implying that brexit is somehow blamed for everything , yeah no, 
   - it would be a scapgegoat for their politicians any time they pass a law that scam the workers and favor the elite . 
  now they have no-one to blame but themselves . 
  they have immigrants to blame . 
  they also have the brussel `` elites '' to blame for anything wrong that happens in the next 2-5 years . 
  please dont be so naive . 
  be a little more cynical  the eu want to reach a level of federalism far above what the british would tolerate . 
  then they should have stayed in the eu and veto'ed any proposals they didnt like . 
  if you have n't paid attention to politics , this is actually what the uk has always been doing what changed now , is that cameron had his internal conservative party feud which led to the referendum  britain was doing nothing but hampering the eu . 
  brexiters made us a huge favour , because now the eu can develop itself . 
  i hope so too , but we will see about that do n't underestimate what an angry , populist and nationalistic government can do . 
  the negotiations are not going to be pretty . 
  but if we pass through that shit without collapsing , then yes the eu might improve  they 'll lose a lot of high-paid jobs , but will have to open a lot of manufacturing jobs , so even if britain lose , the working class win . 
  you can not turn back the clock . 
  it is scary that the worlds ( former ) 5th largest economy is driven by romanticism and other emotions . 
  banks and corporations gave britain its edge . 
  i am sorry but the time of the proud man working in the factory and raising a family ( with the wife not being employed ) while also affording his own house & property is over . 
  that shit is long gone . 
  the baby boomers where the lucky ones and they shut the door behind them . 
  the muslim woman is forced to wear a burqa by her arabian overlord . 
  the leftist white knight is here to save her from this oppression, 
  i was surprised that people voted for different things than what the referendums were about . 
  but populists made the eu responsible for all those things and literally blamed everything on brussels - take a look at their media if you do n't believe me . 
  anyway , lesson learned . 
  one should be as cynical as possible when examining these matters . 
  you are being downvoted because you are not afraid of what you should be afraid : muslims . 
  i remember people saying they were scared to visit germany because of the alleged civil war going on , if you stepped your foot in cologne you would be immediately gang raped or just blown up by a bomb . 
  and getting upvoted for it . 
  but if you claim to be afraid of white proud nationalists , you are `` overreacting '' and that is `` just an anecdote '' . 
  so get downvoted , despite your fears being purely rational . 
  lol you could n't have a thread where people do n't talk about you , could you ? 
  you must be a little masochistic or just an attention ... seeker, 
   let 's not jump into conclusions here yup . 
  its not like they are muslims , right ? 
  so lets take an ( allegedly ) nuanced view !, 
  how is effective ? 
  it 's not like you have any data to back that up . 
  i mean how could you even prove or test that statement ? 
  it 's nonsense . 
  people do this shit because it makes them feel good . 
  it is awesome to beat up helpless people you outnumber 4:1 , with the police on your side too . 
  and you get to say that you are fighting for honor , virtue , pride , the motherland , your ancestors and for jesus too ? 
  it is just too good to pass but no the rest of humanity has not transcended this animalistic shit , only a tiny minority has, 
   it assumes that all women wearing veils are `` enslaved '' leftists like to think that women are pure and noble , that they would never willingly engage in sexist or oppressive behavior themselves but for anyone who has lived or grew up with religious people , that is a bad joke, 
   after the crash of 2008 the uk 's recovery really did n't reach a whole demographic . 
  source ? 
  i though the uk 's economy was doing good ? 
  i guess it depends on who you ask . 
   brexit is a response to policies of austerity in response to the 2008 crash . 
  it 's strange but ask any two brits and they will give you two different answers on what brexit was about . 
  i mean some people say it was about immigration . 
  others insist that brexiters are the most tolerant and progressive people and their vote had nothing to do with immigration but it was about lawmaking sovereignty . 
  others say it was economical . 
  others insist it has nothing to do with the economy but that was highly ideological , concerning grand ideals and national identities that you ca n't put a price tag on . 
  i am sorry but it seems you guys are confused . 
  it is the same with the [ dutch referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_association_agreement_referendum,_2016 ) where people were voting for a completely different issue than the one in hand . 
  same with the [ greek one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_bailout_referendum,_2015 ) where our wise people used it to ideologically protest all kinds of unrelated issues . 
  also take a look at ireland 's referendums and just despair with the level of propaganda and dishonesty in that clusterfuck , much like brexit . 
  referendums are a populist 's wet dream . 
  and , personally , i fully recognize and accept their result . 
  let the uk go through a hard brexit with absolutely no compromises . 
  the refugees are staying . 
  you wo n't ban islam .
