  that is the way you see it because you are easily offended . 
   oh , and by the way , calling people evil as a way to change their minds does not work your damn strawmen . 
  i do n't care . 
  i see you added `` disrespect to the dead '' to the list of offences you took . 
  seems you took my advice to get angrier . 
  let 's see what else we 'll have . 
  lol that must be the expat equivalent of `` i have black friends '' . 
  but i know , man . 
  you are another independent thinker who does not have an agenda except being a `` concerned citizen '' and an `` immigration skeptic '' . 
  here is what i believe : i believe that being angry at someone rationally discussing the incident makes one a douchebag . 
  so go ahead and get angrier . 
  i do n't know what you mean `` look at the cities '' . 
  should i just fucking gaze at the concrete ? 
  you realize that they are trying to push for laws to fix their * perceived * demographic problem , right ? 
  that is the agenda . 
  make breeding white babies a legal responsibility or some other ridiculous shit like that . 
  if someone wants to propose that , he or she better have very good data . 
  actual data . 
   it makes me , if anything , more angry . 
  and everyone trembles at your rage . 
  i guess your anger enables you to not push your agenda at the expense of the real victims by posting things [ like this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5j8mc7/live_thread_truck_plows_into_christmas_market_in/dbeaomp/ ) . 
  you have discovered everything that is wrong with the world and if we just vote for your favorite political party everything will be fixed . 
   who knows . 
  yeah that is my point , you do n't seem to know, 
  no i mean when will this so called `` european culture '' disappear ? 
  you have been talking about his for decades and it is still here, 
  sadly it 's not a joke . 
  it is literal . 
  when do you predict this will happen, 
  the byzantine empire was not the west . 
  western civilization did not exist as a concept then iirc . 
  besides , if it did , it was the west that arguably destroyed byzantium, 
  how ? 
   low birth rates this has nothing to do with terrorism . 
   our obsession with a constantly growing economy as a greek person , to me this sounds like being divorced from reality . 
  you understand how many people need a growing economy to live and support their families ? 
   the acceptance of the need for mass immigration you can at least wait for the confirmation that he was a refugee . 
  i mean there is indeed a good chance he was one so you wo n't have to wait long . 
   we 're fucked in western europe . 
  how does this affect you ? 
  you were not obliged to take in any refugees , even if you were , you will soon be out of the eu . 
  tl/dr ; you really do n't let a tragedy go to waste , do you ? 
  the agenda has to be pushed !, 
   should i have said a variation thereof a 4th time in order to rule out any remaining uncertainty ? 
  relax , there was no uncertainty . 
  i do n't think you are a racist nor a nazi nor was i implying it . 
  i was being sarcastic by mimicking your tone of what you wrote to the other guy above ( pushing an atheist agenda ) . 
  let 's be real , religion is cancer . 
  i 'll keep reminding this to people who think they can promote their own religion ( than has an absolutely horrific history , not to mention the crimes perpetuated by religious africans today e.g. 
  [ lord 's resistance army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord%27s_resistance_army ) , but i guess they do n't count because they are black lol ) by putting down another religion . 
  stop believing in invisible men in the sky , stop indoctrinating your kids to believe in that shit , do n't encourage others to do so , stop treating it like its a virtue . 
  believing in stuff without the slightest evidence is not a virtue . 
  it is a mental and cultural cancer . 
  may i also predict the typical response from the so-called moral and respectful religious followers ? 
  some variation of : tip your fedora , shave your neckbeard . 
  if violent people think god is on their side , there is no limit to what they are capable of . 
  i mean , people are known to use children as suicide bombers . 
  people can only do that stuff if they believe in an afterlife or if they are insane ( or both ) . 
   i do n't recall his motivation being his religion , rather an extreme reaction against an invading religion/culture . 
  let 's be honest here , it was an extreme reaction against a * perceived * invasion . 
  nobody was actually invading norway . 
  and to prove your error , i can grant you that people were invading norway and still it does not make sense . 
  you do n't fight off an invasion by gunning down unarmed norwegian teenagers . 
  sounds like you 're just trying to use this as a change to push a nationalist agenda ( `` we are under invasion '' ) . 
  the butthurt greek people still feel over constantinople is the perfect proof of this . 
  obsession with national slights and also a ridiculous religiosity . 
  great ideas , no ? 
  as we can see , they led to amazing results ( not ) . 
  i started reading that , from the beginning :  i was at the un general assembly in ny the other day and talking to the foreign minister of another country . 
  i wo n't say which one , since i must preserve my reputation for diplomacy stopped reading right there . 
  no , he is not a good speaker, 
   i do have german friends and , as i said , some of them are aligned with the traditional values you speak of , so i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  what i said some posts above . 
  someone found the turkish ( ? ), 
  lifestyle of having men do their man thing and women raise kids and cook as being weird . 
  or maybe wrong ? 
  anyway , it seems to be something to take note of . 
  well , it is n't . 
  vast swaths of the native population live exactly the same way and have done so for centuries . 
  and they are not a small minority either . 
  point is , when brown people express the desire for these very familiar & traditional gender roles , people go like * omg they do n't share our european values * . 
   of course , i would open the door also for my wife or ( previously ) a date and that 's where the feminists might have a problem . 
  well , i would always want to open the door for someone i care about , so i do n't even consider it to be based on gender . 
  if they opened the door for me , i would feel bad i did n't open it but also happy that they cared about me . 
  that 's great . 
  i get all that . 
  what i do n't get is why would you have a problem if someone * does n't * want the door opened for him or her ? 
  unless they act like douches and report you to hr , i do n't see what the problem is . 
   although , there is also a bit of a funny backlash where there are some men who prefer european or asian women , etc. 
  because they `` are n't feminists '' . 
  literally never heard this before  my impression in germany is that the whole system is actually built around accommodating a woman who wants to quit ( or never work ) to take care of the children . 
  it 's built into the tax code and the way of thinking . 
  it 's actually seen as responsible and loving to your children . 
  sure . 
  then go in rural germany ( or canada ) and ask someone what his expectations from life are . 
  i 'd bet all people would tell you the same thing : men have their role and woman have another role . 
  we live in our own immigrant bubble which is usually ( depending on your trade ) occuring in large metropolitan areas . 
  in such places , the contrast between progressivism and people of mena cultures is the strongest  european men you should travel around europe more . 
  europe is n't only paris or berlin or london  i think that canada/us has gone too far in some areas ( like the opening the door thing ) why would you want to open the door for someone who does n't want the door opened for him or her . 
  i do n't get it,
