  people are willing to have their babies drowned in order to reach europe . 
  plus they are getting a ton of misinformation about what it is here . 
  expecting `` word to get out '' might not be a solution , especially since greece is being destroyed , so even if it was a solution is that a price you want to pay ? 
  what do you think is strange enough to require an explanation involving berlin 's hidden `` end game '' ? 
  the title 's article is misleading ; inside the article one reads :  she said : `` personally i think that austria 's unilateral decision , and then those made subsequently by balkan countries , will obviously bring us fewer refugees , but they put greece in a very difficult situation . 
  `` if we do not manage to reach a deal with turkey , then greece can not bear the weight for long . 
  `` that 's why i am seeking a real european solution , that is , a solution for all 28 [ eu members ] , '' she said . 
  sounds pretty reasonable to me . 
  with the balkan route closed , refugees pile up in greece . 
  this is not a solution , nor can lead to one . 
  you should n't gloat so much over the shit this atheist has gotten into . 
  yeah he sounds like a dick , but being persecuted by the state is not nice . 
  remember how some time ago ( october revolution ) it was the other side ( christians ) that were persecuted , and that was n't nice either was it ? 
  its your fellow countrymen that voted for those people so maybe you should be mad at them first ? 
  its not like nd or pasok staged a coup d'\u00e9tat and forced us to join the eu or ask for loans . 
  they promised shit , we voted . 
  i respect your opinion and attitude , and i largely share it . 
  however from my own experience there is a lot of anger towards the germans , left and right . 
  i could be wrong ofc but its just my opinion . 
  you know that you elected those governments , right ? 
  are you maybe just looking for someone to attribute blame to ? 
  like a scapegoat ? 
  i see what you 're saying but if he wants to bait a poster he should n't insult the whole country, 
  what about european people who are pro-eu ? 
  do you love them too ? 
  or are they not `` normal '' ? 
  we can say it was going just as bad , and my point stands . 
  the usa was under no existential threat from imperial japan . 
  japan knew this too , they basically hoped to achieve some kind of peace compromise before the `` giant woke up '' . 
  sorry but many ( if not all ? ), 
  european countries had to fight for their very survival , usually multiple times in history . 
  the usa does not have that experience . 
  ok i appreciate the sympathy for my country but you make it sound like greece wanted eu 's help , like we did n't turn our back on them first . 
  first thing our pm did was threaten to side with russia . 
  that was his `` diplomatic '' approach to the debt relief situation . 
  great fucking eu partner right ? 
  to be honest , i am surprised we are still in the eu ... 
  i honestly am very happy to hear that you did n't personally experience this anger . 
  but greek people can be very polite at the surface . 
  we care about `` face '' too much to be honest sometimes . 
  as a greek living in germany , you 'd be shocked at the absolutely vitriolic attitude many fellow expats have for the germans . 
  even when working for them and earning x5 the money they would back home , the anger is there . 
  but its mostly shared in private , among ourselves . 
  people would shit on you less if you did n't have that attitude . 
  stop demanding credit for keeping anyone safe , because you have n't . 
  also , when did your country have to defend itself ? 
  like seriously . 
  the worst war you had was among yourselves , fought to decide if black people are human beings . 
  its embarrassing . 
  so please stop . 
  that was more like `` rambling rant time '' rather than `` stereotype time '' . 
  i think greece feels angry at ze germans . 
  its safe to say that greece would be angry at ze germans regardless of the refugee situation . 
  why ? 
  because this anger existed way before and will keep existing long after this situation , regardless of what happens in the world ( and in objective reality in general ) . 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  it seems like this to me too . 
  there are people that do n't want refugees , either in these large numbers or not at all . 
  and that is ok , its their right and i respect their opinion . 
  however the moment you start debating with them they become extremely annoyed and regard criticism akin to sending them to a gulag camp . 
  i keep hearing about how oppressed they are and how this tyrannical `` regressive left '' is out to get them . 
  seriously ? 
  also such comments get massive upvotes which is ironic , considering all the `` oppression '' they have to deal with . 
  people need to understand that their opinions * will * be criticized , because that is what happens in a free democratic society . 
  allegedly . 
  i constantly hear some people complaining about being called racist , yet rarely see it happen . 
  like in this thread , there are some people complaining that they are called `` racist , fascist , extremist '' but we 've yet to see it happening . 
  if you know she is not a socialist then that should end the discussion . 
  i understand you do n't like her decision and that is your right . 
  does n't mean she is a socialist though . 
  accepting refugees does not make one a socialist , in fact , its part of the german constitution . 
  it would be pretty bizarre to consider germany a socialist country when its * real * socialist counterpart ( ddr ) unquestionably lost the battle of history . 
  i mean this is starting to sound like we are entering hardcore libertarian territory here , where anything bad = socialist . 
  maybe you are experiencing this reaction because no-one is arguing for `` unlimited immigration '' ? 
  people are talking about a subset of immigration , specifically about refugees , and even the most liberal ones would not want `` unlimited '' acceptance of refugees . 
  so using such terms is akin to me saying you want `` perfectly closed borders '' . 
  its like a strawman . 
  it adds nothing to any discussion and also agitates . 
  so you understand why academics ( of all people ) would react badly to this . 
  edit : clarification . 
  sarcasm aside i think you ought to know that merkel is not a socialist politician . 
  til merkel is a socialist politician . 
  some posters are so transparent ... just trying to push their personal agenda on clearly unrelated issues . 
  maybe because most greek people hate germans ? 
  it does n't help if they [ greet merkel by wearing nazi uniforms ] ( http://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/ ) and waving swastika flags . 
  i imagine if the refugees started agitating with the same tired old nazi shit , there would be less sympathy for them too . 
   but it 's becoming impossible for white westerners to talk about integration or questioning the cultural convictions of some immigrants without being called an extremist , racist , or fascist this is not true . 
  people can freely express their opinions without repercussions . 
  just look at your comment . 
  no one has removed it . 
  you are even upvoted , and i am happy for you . 
  its all good right ? 
  if this conspiracy to silence the defenders of liberal values existed , we would not have access to your comment . 
  but we do , so i do n't understand what all this self-victimization is about . 
  you are free to speak your mind and i hope you always are . 
  ... or , people siding with them means that people agree with them . 
  people , generally speaking , have agency and form opinions for their own reasons , not * necessarily * because they are scared of this regressive leftist conspiracy . 
  you are either projecting or generalizing a train of through ( `` do n't want to be branded a racist '' ) that there is no evidence for . 
  i am sorry you feel that way . 
  yeah , i do n't respect people self-victimizing themselves ( like the posters above ) and i wo n't apologize for it , nor will i apologize or be made to feel guilty for downvoting something that does not add to the discussion .
