  point is its not our fault , * we did n't ask for this * , yet we are trying to deal with it . 
  so having trumptards barge in telling us how wrong we are is the epitome of arrogance . 
   not to mention that overthrowing qaddafi was a european endeavor until they could n't sustain operations anymore and needed us logistics . 
  i was talking about syria . 
  but you could n't resist bragging idiotically ? 
  you know that europe not having huge armies is by design , right ? 
  do you know anything about european history ? 
  or war ? 
  i mean the only proper war you fought was to decide if black people were human beings ... on your own soil . 
  laughable . 
  so by bragging about how bigger your military dick is you are only proving us right . 
   the netherlands , france , britain , germany , greece , etc all have popular politicians and parties that come from the same batch as trump , and as it happens their supporters are here as well . 
  but here 's the thing , you 're on an american website . 
  do n't act shocked that americans make up a significant portion of the users here . 
  our populist parties are way smaller than trump . 
  so yeah maybe half your population are begging for an angry nationalist populist to rule over them , but do n't act shocked if europe is not the same . 
  also it 's an american site but this magical thing called the `` internet '' extends all across the planet . 
  so do n't get mad if you find people being misinformed about your own county . 
  it happens to everyone . 
   the frequency with which this sub talks out its ass when comparing europe to the rest of the world is simply astounding . 
  no , its really not . 
  as far as shit-talking goes , we are pretty tame . 
  if you want to see how talking out of one 's ass look like , take a look at the hordes of your countrymen regularly invading , shitposting and manipulating the voting on any muslim/refugee/populist issue . 
  the sheer arrogance of americans telling us how we should handle a problem you created , esp . 
  the most virulent kind of americans : angry trumptard nationalist , talking shit against anyone who does n't unquestionably obey the nationalist agenda . 
  fighting misinformation and propaganda seems like a worthy cause to spend tax money on . 
  in fact i wish we did more . 
  / r/europe is basically outrage merkel culture, 
  which basically means that her moves are not shitty . 
  i mean if people keep reelecting her , they probably like her . 
  / pol / is leaking, 
   nobody on the leave side of the argument was arguing for a border with northern ireland . 
  they were arguing for leave which entails a border with northern ireland . 
  what people like you basically want is no solution whatsoever . 
  that way tensions keep rising and the populist far right wingtards solicit more votes . 
  i was being sarcastic of all the anti-eu morons who compare her to hitler or generally make absurd comments about her , way over the top . 
  just like you , for example , she has been demonstrably a good leader for germany if you just look at the numbers over the past decade you will see how good germany is doing , not to mention her approval ratings . 
  however because you are ideologically opposed to these `` hordes of filthy rapists '' coming near europe , you brand her as an awful leader . 
  i bet you want the eu to collapse just so you will have the pleasure of shitting on her and said filthy raping muslims . 
   http://imgur.com/a/fnsvo those are completely different numbers or ? 
   the uk does not want there to be a border there . 
  intentions do n't matter . 
  in the real world of adults , only actions matter . 
  the uk has to choose between appeasing its own population who have worked themselves up ( or rather , let the media dictate the sentiment ) into a anti-foreigner frenzy ... or bring back the border . 
  of course , you chose what you think is in your best interest . 
  i get it . 
  good for you . 
  i am just saying that choices have consequences . 
  you can pretend that it 's everyone else 's fault all you like , but the world does not really care about excuses no matter how many * rule britannias * you sing . 
   reducing immigration to a reasonable amount will keep a lot of people happy ... http://i.imgur.com/ukx5vws.jpg do you have any sources on that ? 
   this is not something that we 're forcing on you . 
  the excuses have already begun . 
  listen , man , i know that `` sovereignty '' sounds great and makes your chest swell with pride but you know what ? 
  choices have consequences . 
  you chose to do this and will be held responsible for any effects it has . 
  right wingers think that `` sovereignty '' is a shield to hide behind , protected from responsibility and criticism . 
  does n't really work that way does it ? 
  unfortunately i predict your comment foreshadows a delugee of many such irresponsible attitudes : * we can do whatever we want !, 
  rule britannia !, 
  * of course you can do whatever you want . 
  literaly no-one has ever denied you your freedom , including the eu ( despite your media 's propaganda machine telling you otherwise ) . 
  but the thing with `` doing whatever you want '' is a string of responsibility attached to it - as you are about to find out in the coming years , despite your protestations . 
  what ? 
  quotas were actually forced on sovereign nations ? 
   again : $ 18 billion in tax surplus last year in germany . 
  how is that unsustainable . 
  here is your mistake : you are arguing with facts against fanatical ideologues . 
   countries like greece and italy have repeatedly asked for at least 5 years to find a solution , but no one cared till people reach your doorstep . 
  too little , too late !, 
   you know what else you are ignoring for too long ? 
  greek debt crisis . 
  can you guys stop it with this shit ? 
  the greek people are ultimately responsible for the predicament we found ourselves into . 
  by using us as a tool for your own internal shitty anti-cdu politics you are distorting the perception people have of greece . 
  you are turning us into this pathetic little victim that got fucked by merkel ( a.k.a. 
  literally hitler ) when there are better narratives like : nobody knew how to properly handle this crisis and everyone panicked/fucked up . 
  or just go with : the greeks have failed to develop both an economy and a state apparatus capable of protecting the wellbeing of its citizens . 
  this is n't the fucking first nor will it be the last financial crisis . 
  nations need to learn to expect this shit and prepare/defend themselves from it , instead of blaming whatever politician they disagree with in order to score petty little political points . 
  who even said that ? 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  `` submit '' to what ? 
  who is a `` boon '' ? 
  you are divorced from reality, 
  lol broken record indeed, 
  ... which is n't the case now, 
  you ca n't make it illegal to help others . 
  it is literally impossible maybe if you could press `` pause '' on your brain for 2 seconds to realize that ; it seems you are stuck on an endless loop `` no muslims no muslims no muslims '' for the past year and are literally incapable of thinking anything that deviates from that mantra even at the slightest i ( with some friends ) also helped refugees a couple of times . 
  there are charities and organizations where you can donate money and food and clothing ( or even give it to them directly , there are places here where they are housed ) , but according to you that should be illegal you are the same people who pretend to be this `` morality police '' with your quasi-christian `` morals and values '' who are perfectly fine with humiliating women as disgusting sluts because they want free access to abortions but at the same time you want to `` get rid '' of the people who voluntarily help others . 
  nope , nope and nope, 
  well then maybe you need drugs because you actually proposed a [ solution ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/509xxe/thousands_of_migrants_rescued_off_libya_bbc_news/d72dtlk )  its harsh but let enough of them make the dumbass choice and drown in their own coastal waters and eventually they 'll stop coming and perhaps try and fix their problems there . 
  that is your post , not mine the fact that you address it later * while fucking talking to him and not me * is something i have very few fucks to give for , i am not going to go through your post history just to reply to your comments edit : i just read your funny rebuttals to the other guy , seems you are complaining to him just as you are to me . 
  well have a good night . 
  yeah guys , brilliant idea , i am sure it will work out great let 's arrest and jail people * who save other people from drowning * . 
  all in the name of your proud nationalist agenda why stop there ? 
  there are many people who personally contribute money , food and items to refugees in germany . 
  let 's arrest them too . 
  let 's make helping other people ( specifically , muslim refugees ) illegal i mean do you even think this shit through ? 
  thanks for the nice reply . 
  i expected something angry about * hurr durr political correctness * .
