  everyone does . 
  it 's politics . 
   i have done neither of those things you just did . 
  you asked me out of nowhere something irrelevant . 
  the other guy started accusing me that i am denying facts , it sounds like you are following in his footsteps . 
  why would you even need to ask otherwise ? 
  let me ask you , what do you think a progressive liberal would think of hundreds of sexual assault complaints ? 
  honest reply . 
   a thousand women were assaulted only 1 thousand ? 
  why not 5 thousand ? 
  actually by 6th of april there were 529 complaints of sexual assault . 
  this started out at ~ 150 complaints and kept increasing until april . 
  and the only reason i mention this is n't because i doubt them ( i absolutely do n't doubt them ) but because we all know that if it was n't muslims we would be dismissing those women in no time . 
  women partying at night , 4 months later start accusing others of sexual assault ? 
  they would be talked down as hysterical feminazis , or even sluts who were looking for it and later changed their minds , as we very often hear . 
  but now we are taking them seriously ( as we should ) only because muslims are involved . 
  not only that , but apparently we can double the number of complaints as you did , because we have an agenda to push , right ? 
   does it have to happen weekly to matter ? 
  we are not talking if it `` matters '' but about its frequency . 
  and i was curious to see how often he thinks women are getting gangraped , since he mentioned it . 
  but i guess i wo n't find out because now he switched to soviet occupation . 
  now i think it matters regardless of frequency . 
  but its hard to follow you guys if you keep changing the goalposts . 
  every second comment to talk about something else , as if all you care about is to stir the pot and generate anger and toxicity against immigrants ( duh ) and against myself ( for attributing things to me that i did n't say ) . 
  you are not going to visit the continent because of that ? 
  like do you think that you will get raped in the next 2 years if you visit europe ? 
  if you truly believe that then its better if you stay where you are . 
  hillarious how you responded with exactly what i predicted . 
  complaining that i would `` ad hominem '' you ? 
  check . 
  insulting others about being in `` denial '' regarding where they live ? 
  check . 
  claiming that you know better than others regarding their country and lives ? 
  check . 
  being an angry and fearmongering propagandist * in general * ? 
  check . 
  do you live in kreuzberg now ? 
  if so , how long have you lived there ? 
  or did you just google and found about that video ? 
  rhetorical questions . 
  all you can do is shut down any discussion on these issues by personally attacking others with the methods i illustrated above . 
  it 's like you are reading from a manual somewhere , like you have a checklist of what to say . 
  and i am honestly surprise that you did n't complain about being called a racist , since its your modus operandi . 
  come on . 
  nobody called you a racist this time ? 
  wo n't you complain about that ? 
   you make it seem as if the `` far right '' merely made up the rapes which is not the case . 
  i do n't make it seem like this , you are just providing the standard reply when the narrative is questioned : accusing others of denying facts . 
  do you really think your visit to cologne or berlin will be more dangerous today than , say , 6 months ago ? 
  of course . 
  every other comment you write is shit-talking against germany . 
  germans are under some muslim invasion and they are too weak or stupid to stand up , etc. 
  you were the one quick to jump the gun when [ the insane native german stabbed some people ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4inz3z/four_seriously_hurt_in_munich_station_attack/d2zo1i0?context=3 ) in munich , because like the rest , you thought it was related to muslim refugees . 
  you will complain of `` ad hominem '' but that is not my point . 
  i want to demonstrate selection bias . 
  or , how people like you repeatedly post the worst stories imaginable along with repeated insults and dire warnings ( we will all get raped ! ), 
  and accusations of denialism ( you are being raped and you do n't care lol ! ), 
  to give the impression that things are collapsing here in europe . 
  in fact i expect a sarcastic accusation of denialism right about now , as if i needed some enraged ideologue to tell me how life is in the country i currently live in . 
  and its strange that 90 % of these horrific warnings against us being raped come from people who are not germans or do n't live in germany . 
  of course i 've seen germans complain too , but they are a minority . 
   i would remind the native women that mass immigration would make running the gauntlet more frequent , perhaps as frequent as every thursday orieteering . 
  so is this your final construct ? 
  when should we expect these weekly rapefests ? 
  are they already happening with all these refugees who have invaded , or is it like next year ? 
  you kind of proved my point . 
  do n't come to europe , or you will run the rape gauntlet full of refugee rapists . 
  do you really believe that or do you just enjoy talking like this ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the article is n't even free so people get to freak out without even having the possibility of informing themselves . 
  its a win/win juncker mention in the title = instant rage juncker saying someting against the far right = instant uncontrollable earthshaking rage, 
  great point . 
  do n't use democratic means , just start a coup . 
  that will show that fascist juncker !, 
  let 's show him how much of a fascist he is , by starting a coup !, 
  this is to be expected . 
  when the economy takes a hit , the right wing is on the rise . 
  this is always the case . 
  however this time around we had the syrian refugee crisis exploding ( which was a long time coming , [ caused by climate change ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/ominous-story-of-syria-climate-refugees/ ) more than anything else ) and the various fringe groups latched onto it . 
  they used social media in a frankly impressively effective manner to get their message across : europe is under attack , civil war , refugees are raping white women left and right . 
  i am not exaggerating . 
  people were literally asking if its safe to visit cologne or will they get raped ? 
  literally . 
  so i think that its a combination of : * very bad recession that still is n't totally over * refugee crisis happening at the worst moment * use of social media in politics , for the first time in history , especially from the far right especially for the last point , it will take some time to adjust to this new reality . 
  we are still witnessing the birth pains of public online `` discourse '' which , to be honest , is hard to separate from trolling . 
  there is [ some research ] ( http://journalistsresource.org/studies/politics/citizen-action/research-internet-effects-politics-key-studies ) done but the public is still not comfortable in this new mode of debating . 
   but they claim not to hold these views . 
  why would they ? 
  most people would be disgusted at these views . 
  so they need to pretend that they are ordinary people who are merely ... critical of mass immigration . 
  in reality they are far right ideologues that hold very conservative views . 
  they just need to `` sneak '' them in popular discourse by deceiving and lying . 
   so being right is being against abortion , not understanding simple consequences of greenhouse gasses , etc. ? 
  maybe you can answer my question , instead of asking me to label you : was the cdu `` lacking understanding simple consequences of greenhouse gasses '' in 2006 ? 
  is this what you tell people to get them to vote for them ? 
  * do n't worry , they 'll be fine around 2030 . 
  2035 the latest . 
  just hang in there !, 
   example : the dutch pvv is that an example or the entirety of a very short list ? 
  more like  exception : the dutch pvv,
