  did i say christianity oppressed me ? 
  i simply corrected the person who claimed that christianity has disappeared . 
  but feel free to make up stuff , i wo n't bother you any more, 
   i get the feeling you are prepared to take this risk because you know that no matter what happens , your \u00a8 group \u00a8 wont be subject to persecution and suffer the consequences great point . 
  it 's easy taking risks when other people have to pay for it, 
   good , because now i know you can downvote me while realizing how wrong you are that christianity is oppressing you every time you go outside to get milk . 
  but i get that you have an agenda to run . 
  i get this is you being upset that i corrected you , you have to talk about agendas and such i downvoted you because you made a long , dismissive and patronizing rant about me , which was 100 % wrong now i corrected you and you are annoyed . 
  surprise surprise . 
  and to add more salt : / u/smokcho is bulgarian . 
  a bulgarian was lecturing us how life is in western europe , how much we should be afraid of muslims and what christianity is and is n't . 
  and you rushed to defend him . 
  all i can say is `` lol '' . 
   also i live in country with a really high muslim population where ? 
  changing the goalposts ? 
  the discussion is whether its `` hiding under the bed '' , not whether its wrong . 
  so i take that as an admittance of defeat ( or trolling ) , have a nice day, 
   when you travel outside of greece for a change and go to countries like germany i 've been living in western germany for several years now  so maybe you should think twice before ranting against people you do n't know edit : spelling, 
  it 's so unpopular , [ elected representatives talk about christian countries ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-cameron-christmas-message-pm-to-hail-britains-christian-values-a6785021.html ) . 
  you might tip your fedora and [ strongly disagree ] with this message but please do n't pretend its hiding anywhere . 
  and islam has influence on your daily life ? 
  besides bitching and moaning on subreddits , it 's not like you have personally seen or even heard of an islam control zone, 
   po also did fiddle with cc , it did n't turned out so bad but still . 
  so this goes against your previous comment, 
  umm i 'm pretty sure they ai n't neonazis . 
  this radical , populist right wing is a very different kind of animal . 
  but you were being sarcastic anyway ... anyway you asked me if you should be afraid . 
  i do n't think you should be afraid . 
  but you downvoted me because you wanted to hear that you * should * be afraid ?!, 
  you 're a strange fellow . 
  you are american right ? 
  so i guess you do n't have to give a fuck unless you really want to, 
  did your previous party intentionally create a [ constitutional court crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_constitutional_court_crisis,_2015 ) too ? 
  it 's amazing what some people overlook , as long as `` their '' people get to be in charge . 
  it seems that / r/europe is in full propaganda mode , to promote the idea than the afd is just a normal party with normal ideas , except their `` critique '' of immigration . 
  besides their `` harsh questioning '' of immigration , they are people with very common and mainstream views . 
  nothing to be worried about here . 
  business as usual . 
   because christianity in western europe is finished , my liberal friend . 
  maybe you should stop being on reddit and talk a walk outside once in a while . 
  i do n't want to spoil it for you but christianity has not disappeared . 
  just try meeting people outside / r/atheism and your other progressive friends . 
  i know / r/europe likes to pretend that the real europe is a progressive secular utopia but reality is n't exactly like that - you just like to pretend it 's like that so you can stick it to the muslims . 
   you can oppose ideologies as much as you want , without being an ` ethnic nationalist ' you ca n't oppose that specific religion on these specific grounds without being an ` ethnic nationalist ' . 
  i mean they are not hiding it . 
  they are very honest about what they believe in . 
  ask any afd supporter and i do n't think he will be embarrassed about his nationalism . 
  why does / r/europe try so hard to pretend otherwise ? 
  like they are some kind of progressive liberals who just happen to be anti-islam ? 
  umm no . 
  honest question but was the cdu in 2006 : euroskeptic , wanting to ban abortion , denying climate change and completely anti-islamic ? 
  you are not adjusting for voter participation , while also ignoring the latest elections of september 2015 . 
  after losing a small 0.7 % , their percentage of the popular vote has returned to a remarkably consistent 7 % . 
  it 's impressive . 
  their popularity refuses to go down . 
  they are like a greek trump in their own way  i think the `` progressives '' here should stop exclusively caring about being called a racist ( multiple people bitching about being called a racist when absolutely no-one did ; search the thread and my post history if you do n't believe me ) and take a good hard look at the numbers . 
  we need to face reality . 
   i am sick of this fear mongering but refugees will rape your white daughters though right ? 
  this is the kind of fear-mongering we are accustomed to daily yet you do n't seem to have a problem with it . 
  all you are concerned with is people not calling you hitler ( which nobody did anyway ) . 
  i think you 've lost track of what it is you are arguing . 
  even if their rhetoric is stupid , people still honestly believe them , which is the point . 
  all this started from you claiming that `` the left '' is ruling in europe , something which tells us how much in tune you are with what is happening . 
  have a nice day . 
   i think the lefts difficulty is that they refuse to give any ground to the far right are you kidding me ? 
  would the far-right give any ground to the left , under any circumstances ? 
   syriza did n't provide a scapegoat germans or rather some `` bankers '' , with a similar rhetoric to gd 's, 
  i was hoping you would n't give the typical response , but ok . take care . 
  i just found out that the anti-eu brexit camp keeps bringing up fears of turkey joining the eu . 
  are those people cognizant ? 
  rhetorical question . 
  even if turkey truly wanted to join the eu ( which it does n't ) then they 'd still have to reach a compromise with cyprus . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  as long as cyprus exists , turkey is not coming near the eu . 
  does n't the brexit camp know about the cyprus clusterfuck ? 
  they are british , they should know about that mass since it used to be theirs . 
   but the institution seems to be unwilling to reform now , when it 's relatively easy to do so , which gives us little hope of reform when things are tough i do n't think so . 
  as an institution , it has to cater to a large number of participants who are sovereign nations . 
  to be honest , it 's impressive that it even exists , let alone functions . 
  i think many people here have an preconceived/ideological opposition to the eu and all these are just excuses . 
   i for my part love austria , not for the current state or accomplishements , but rather for the interesting history . 
  and there lies your hubris ; sadly no gods exist to carry out nemesis on your ungrateful head . 
  your state is the house your nation built for itself . 
  i ca n't say if its good or bad since i 'm not austrian , but i can say that that it 's a fully functional house . 
  it works . 
  it functions . 
  and that is not trivial , look at the damn planet : it 's extremely difficult to have a functioning state . 
  i wish you would have the experience of your nation not only disregarding its house but actively sabotaging it , so that your state would fail to provide for its population , so when your economy collapsed you would be left outside with nothing to hold on to . 
  let 's see you then trying to feed yourself and your family with `` culture '' and `` humor '' . 
  sorry for the rant but its annoying to see some europeans take everything they have for granted . 
  not only that , but casually dismiss it while focusing on trivial shit like `` caf\u00e9 and biscuit culture '' . 
  yeah i mean i get it , all people have these traditions , but to prioritize a warm fuzzy feeling you get when looking at `` things from the times of monarchy '' over a functional state that will allow your kids to grow healthy is absolutely ridiculous . 
  it would do you good to be forced into being an economic migrant or even a refugee for a couple of years ... make you appreciate the real biscuits over the imaginary ones , 
  how do you intend to show me ? 
  any evidence on this or is it something you like to believe because you are anti-eu ? 
   the only reason they are considered far right is stances on immigration , the eu , and islam . 
  you say `` the only reason '' yet you list a bunch of huge and very complicated issues . 
  you also conveniently left out that he is quite the nationalist . 
  also , i 've heard that he was gay-friendly but do you have any sources on him defending the right to abortion ? 
  honest question .
