  you need to pretend to care about `` women 's rights '' and `` women 's freedom '' and save these poor oppressed women from their arabian overlords . 
  they wo n't join isis . 
  but if you daily listen to what kind of oppressive uncivilized and violent barbarian you are * because you wore a headscarf * then you will end up disenfranchised from society , which is totally expected by any sane person . 
  i mean , ca n't you empathize ? 
  you guys here throw a hissy fit because you are not allowed to use hate speech anymore . 
  yet you dictate what other should or should not put on their hair and you expect them not to be upset ? 
  come on now . 
   the more pressure put on muslims in europe , the better i say . 
  of course . 
  the more pressure you put on innocent muslims only increases tensions and either pushes them to disenfranchisement , which then increases the votes your politicians will get . 
  it 's pretty transparent , you know . 
  no need to pretend this is about culture or whatever . 
  it 's not even about racism or anything like that . 
  you just want your people to be in charge and do n't care about the collateral damage . 
  so basically if you belong to the correct religion its ok to cover your hair . 
  if you belong to the wrong religion , its not ok .  it 's about how willing you are to take it off . 
  this must be the weirdest argument i 've heard , like ever . 
  honest question , how do you imagine this would work ? 
  a police officer asks you `` are you willing to occasionally take it off ? '', 
  and if you reply `` yes , sometimes '' then you get to wear it . 
  but if you reply `` no , i take it off only in my house '' then you are forced to take it off at the spot . 
  i mean seriously man did you even think it through ? 
  the excuses some people will make to pretend that this is n't a blatant double standard and also the institutionalized bullying of muslim women , a group that is already fucked when it comes to inequality . 
  exactly . 
  i see the argument when it comes to niqabs . 
  these women are effectively hiding their faces , something which we are not comfortable with . 
  but headscarves ? 
  you are covering your hair , sometimes only part of it . 
  you should be allowed to do that . 
  this is just bullying and humiliation of muslim women . 
  the worse are the idiots who claim to do this because they care about `` women 's freedom '' and talk about how oppressed these women are . 
  like yeah i 'm sure these women were just waiting for the white knights to save them from their arab oppressors / s, 
   saying european values dont exist does n't seem like it in / r/europe . 
  the double standard is frankly hilarious : hate speech ? 
  good . 
  you should be able to say whatever you want about whoever you want anytime . 
  headscarf ? 
  bad . 
  get the hell out of europe you uncivilized arab . 
  edit : no unfortunately i 'm not being sarcastic , this is literally the mindset of most people here . 
  i like how you are being downvoted . 
  hypocrites do n't like being reminded of their hypocricy . 
  let us usher in the era where the government gets to tell us what to wear . 
  true european values !, 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  the right wing trolls in / r/europe are constantly blaming the left for everything , like merkel was a leftist or something, 
  i like how people pre-emptively play the victim . 
  nobody has been arrested for this ever , yet you whine like the stasi is out to get you . 
  victim culture is bad and you should n't partake in it . 
   the majority of hardcore racists can have pretty legitimate reasons and facts backing up their racism . 
  i mean a case of a person being arrested for stating facts . 
  in literally 100 % of the cases when people claim `` censorship '' it was never about facts . 
   you 're absolutely right . 
  if reddit , or facebook , or twitter wants to block you , me , or anyone else from using their service it 's entirely up to them , but until they do it 's within out rights to raise a stink about it because we disagree with it . 
  sure man but its just a disingenuous disagreement . 
  people whining about something that has not happened yet . 
  these are the same people who are predicting [ the end of the white race ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rivers_of_blood_speech ) more than 4 decades now . 
  i mean seriously . 
  it 's also strange that americans here are so keen on defending this small segment of the population , the nationalists , as if they somehow represent the native population and its best interest . 
  they do n't . 
  they are trying to get their politicians elected . 
  and they are the same people who want to enforce a judeo-christian monoculture so they absolutely deserve being censored . 
  til the left did this, 
  also , this idiocy is obvious when they talk about banning the burqa because they care about women 's freedom . 
  it 's so worrying when people step in to free others from their perceived oppression . 
  yes , i am sure these poor oppressed women are waiting for the proud white nationalists to liberate them from their arabian overlords ... 
  it 's perfectly fine at least when christians do it . 
  greece has a [ whole area were women are banned ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_athos ) because they might disrupt men 's celibacy . 
  i am not kidding , this is the actual reason , in 2016 . 
  but that is proudly defended because * tradition , culture , history * etc etc, 
   what about a factual statement like `` african americans are more likely to violently rape than white americans '' ? 
  it 's true , but clearly meant to inflame and likely has a racist behind it . 
  that 's a good example . 
  but i do n't think that can be misconstrued as hate speech . 
  has there been such a case ? 
  honest question . 
  the only way you can consider that hate speech is if its part of a bigger speech meant to target the whole african american people and not just the rapists . 
   i know that hate speech and criticism are not the same because you , me , and the rest of the english speaking world have defined them as different things . 
  yeah man that 's exactly how i see it . 
  which is why i think this whole thread is political propaganda , meant to provoke outrage and paint a particular group as the victims . 
   you are totally right . 
  there are many laws that require human judgment . 
  as a matter of fact the idea of the jury holding the verdict is entirely human judgement , but this particular one i think it too far reaching for something i see as too inconsequential and since not every person who 's being censored is going to have a trial i think it vests too much responsibilities in singular people . 
  \u03a4hat was regarding hate speech laws . 
  like when you get arrested . 
  about the censorship , indeed , how its done is indeed unknown to us . 
  who knows what administrator ( more like unpaid intern ) will ms hire to do the filtering of `` racist '' messages ? 
  cry me a river though . 
  i 've had my messages deleted all the times . 
  we do n't have any inherent right to broadcast messages on platforms of these companies . 
  make your own blog if you do n't like it . 
   i also see that as massively flawed . 
  i personally believe the contempt many europeans have against muslims disgusting and their belief their specific culture should be protected against the outside world outdated . 
  they do n't have a right to dictate how others live . 
  a person can dictate his own actions , what he does , what goes on in his private property , that 's about it . 
  and i say this as a native , i do n't see why the greek nationalists should determine what my culture is . 
   i do n't really know what you mean by this , but it sounds like some revenge shit . 
  i 'd say its more like justice . 
  ah yes , americans and terror , clearly they know what they are talking about / s, 
  dude first of all no offence .
