  also keep telling us about the `` slippery slope '' of europe , despite nothing slipping anywhere for decades . 
  this is the first time i 've heard of kfc hellas . 
  i bet its mostly people in athens who eat that shit . 
  it 's the same thing ? 
  one is a insane ideology , the other one is ... people . 
  actual , real , living people . 
  i think it dangerous to conflate the two . 
   the `` ultra right wing '' i 'm talking about ... that is not the ultra right wing , but i guess you are being sarcastic . 
  i was referring to the real ultra right wing . 
   it 's amazing how absolutely villified europe 's less-than-left kind-sorta-right wing parties have become . 
  and this villification breeds resentment , which then leads them to move further to the right . 
  i get this feeling too . 
  its basically the new postmodern ( millennial ? ), 
  culture of self-entitlement and instant-gratification . 
  if we do n't respect or even listen to their moronic opinions , they whine and get even angrier . 
  that seems like a bad idea . 
  if rights are given by `` god '' , people who do n't believe in god ( or believe in a different god ) will never respect them . 
  to be fair , being an atheist offended religious people for centuries and was illegal and/or lethal to be an atheist . 
  its funny now that the tables have turned , to see religious people get so upset ? 
  or at least ironic . 
  only if they are muslim . 
  as long as you are not a communist or propagating communist ideas . 
  or anything sexual ( like a boob accidentally showing on national tv ) or simply anything `` indecent '' or `` sexually promiscuous '' . 
  heck , or anything that can be considered terrorism . 
  you have the largest prison population in the world , largest ( by far ) incarceration rate in the developed world , but you have the `` freedom of speech '' to say how awesome america is !, 
  well that 's great . 
  oh right , the `` ultra right wing '' are a bunch of `` wimps '' who merely stab , murder and attack people . 
  while the tyrannical oppressive left ... bothers people online . 
  clearly the left is so much worse !, 
  if you think its muslim/refugees , you are in for a surprise . 
  you ca n't do that . 
  too many christians who feel entitled to their religious superiority . 
  that is why they viciously blame the muslims , so as their own backwardness will not show . 
  funny how angry people get at the muslim invaders yet the natives also think religion should be off-limits . 
   no , gun policy is security issue in which member states have free reign , and in which they can make decisions only unanimously . 
  or so it should be . 
  not if you have freedom of movement across eu countries . 
  then it obviously does n't make sense . 
  its common sense that you have to give something when entering a confederation of sovereign states . 
  clearly you have to make some compromises , because if nobody made any , no union could ever possibly exist . 
  it would more be like canadians claiming to be the only americans , because they are part of the general region . 
  greece has a good argument here . 
  even though i sometimes think its a waste of diplomatic capital , this whole dispute i mean , its still evident that the so-called `` macedonian '' side is retarded . 
  you ca n't please everyone . 
  also you ca n't expect politicians wo n't cater to your desires 100 % of the time . 
  some times you will be disappointed because your views are rejected and that is perfectly democratic . 
  its not that i do n't empathize with people feeling `` left out '' its just that there is n't any perfect political system . 
  i do n't understand why you need to be 100 % confident ( or 100 % right , as other posters said ) in order to disagree with a position . 
  personally i am never 100 % confident because of the underlying complexity of politics . 
  but i still disagree with whatever the afd stands for . 
  for example in greek politics i am not 100 % confident in tsipras ( far from it ) but i still reserve my right to strongly oppose the golden dawn . 
  just because you disagree with her policy does not mean she is undemocratic . 
  she was elected thrice , had very high approval ratings and still enjoys the approval of approx . 
  half the population - despite her blunders . 
  disagree all you wish but there is nothing undemocratic going on here . 
  i love that i can freely move and work within the eu . 
  already living and working in germany for years . 
  a motivated person can have access to opportunities that were denied to him/her in his/her country of origin . 
  to be fair , that has n't ever worked out . 
  better grumpy flatmate than murderously hostile neighbor . 
  since people can freely move and live within the eu , it makes sense to regulate their access to lethal firearms . 
  the terrorist attacks in france only hastened this directive . 
  i think this is to be expected . 
  the eu is n't the usa , people generally do n't feel entitled to owning guns . 
  i do n't understand that logic . 
  yeah i am not 100 % right , but neither are you . 
  nobody is . 
  we just make the best decisions we can . 
  the fact that you are not 100 % right at anything does not mean you should welcome your opponents winning . 
  you are allowed to disagree with someone . 
  in fact , you can disagree with someone and still respect them . 
  for example i am strongly pro-choice but people should have the right to vote against it . 
  i do n't get it , i 'd never ever want it implemented , i think its bad for women 's rights . 
  but if someone wants to vote a far-right party that outlaws abortion that is how democracy works . 
  i 'd rather take that risk rather than ban opposing views . 
  all of this is common sense to educated people ( not dissing you nor implying you are uneducated , just saying ) so i do n't feel like discussing this or my personal honesty which you seem intent on attacking . 
  so take it easy and have a nice day friend . 
  good point , but if every party is the same then does n't that mean that people ( generally speaking , as a trend ) want similar things ? 
  if people do n't all want similar things , then parties like afd get elected . 
  its natural and as i said , i get it . 
  the question is why is this a good thing for people that disagree with them ? 
  disagreeing with someone literally means that you find their ideas wrong and thus harmful ( i guess ? ), 
  so you do n't want society to implement them . 
  does n't mean you hate them or want them dead or exiled . 
  its called disagreement and its ok . 
  take a chill pill and carefully read what i wrote :  of course its the people 's right to vote for them , of course its good for their own voters if they are elected . 
  no disagreement there . 
   just let me repeat that i respect people 's free choice to vote for the afd and get them elected . 
  i am not arguing against that . 
  can you please explain how its a good thing having ** people you fundamentally disagree with ** passing laws ? 
  totally honest question btw . 
  of course its the people 's right to vote for them , of course its good for their own voters if they are elected . 
  no disagreement there . 
  but how can one tell people who are opposed to this far-right ideology that ... this is a good thing ? 
  we are forced to accept opinions that we strongly disagree with ? 
  i am sorry and i do n't mean to insult but this sounds `` orwellian '' to me , like a black = white or good = bad thing . 
  know what i mean ? 
  just let me repeat that i respect people 's free choice to vote for the afd and get them elected . 
  i am not arguing against that . 
  i see what you are saying but is the afd program really going to be blocked by the constitutional court ?
