because religious bullshit demonstrated my point . 
  though i understand that its inconvenient for you . 
  ethnolinguistic survival sounds very wrong to me , considering our history . 
  we went from tyranny , democracy ( the original versions of both things ! ), 
  to empire , from praising zeus to worshiping jesus , evolving into a banal copy of 19th century european nationalism and a failed attempt to implement capitalism . 
  oh and the language - ours is effectively a different language since we ca n't understand nor pronounce the languages of classical greece . 
  not to mention the controversy , or rather the terrible disunity that our language brought to greek people , but [ read this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_language_question ) if you are interested . 
  for me its very depressive , using language and culture as a weapon to enforce a particular view . 
  if we heeded `` ethnolinguistic survival '' we would n't be here today . 
  people change so much . 
   what about them ? 
  who cares ? 
  well you kind of made my point here . 
  your friend that called immigrants potential rapists and backwards incompatible people ? 
  if that is your understanding of `` criticism '' then we do n't have much to say . 
  i do n't know if you are sarcastic or not ? 
  did you read the second comment ? 
   i think this sub gets vote brigaded . 
  when i make that sort of post , it usually gets upvoted shortly after i make it , often quite high . 
  i think that one made it to +11 at one point ? 
  wow . 
  i can honestly tell you that i 've observed the exact same thing . 
  i slowly rise to +10 or +15 , at which point my comment is noticed by the brigade , and i quickly get hammered down to 0 or minus . 
  its the speed of the `` response '' that worries me , because i think it means that its coordinated . 
  it would be interesting to see when the downvotes are coming and from whom . 
  such information could prove or disprove brigading . 
  but that 's not gon na happen ... 
   the business school 's study found that 86.9 billion euros was used for the repayment of old debts , 52.3 billion for the payment of interest and 37.3 billion euros for the recapitalization of greek banks . 
  so ... they paid for our debt ( and its interest ) plus they recapitalized our banks . 
  how is this not saving greece ? 
  greece : * they are the best * macedonia : * they are bulgarians * fucking thank you germany . 
  i happily welcome our german overlords . 
  lol you are hillarious and i mean it , not being sarcastic . 
  i imagine someone says `` goodmorning ! '', 
  to you and you immediately start defending yourself that you * are not a nazi stop calling me a nazi * !, 
  just because you say it happened does n't mean it did . 
  but maybe your definition of `` disagreeing '' is aggressive trolling and shitposting , like constant sarcastic one-liners about multiculturalism and how barbaric muslims are , which seems to be the case for many people . 
  in that case you might find a more friendly and suitable sub in / r/european . 
   i never saw a black dude in real life until 15 years ago . 
  now when i go to a public office half of the queue is speaking a language that i do n't understand . 
  immigrant kids are the majority in kindergarten classes . 
  is this a crime ? 
  seeing black people ? 
  listening to languages you do n't understand ? 
   20 years ago i used to sleep with the door and windows open , literally , now you ca n't go outside after dark . 
  crime has gone down globally , so you are either lying or extremely unlucky . 
   who ever planed multiculturalism , which was specifically designed to destroy nations , is a criminal . 
  such strong opinions based on zero evidence . 
   now i can understand how something like nazism can happen in a country , germans were n't all crazy as the history tried to depict them . 
  me too . 
  i see the hatred the refugees receive and its clear to me that people hate downwards . 
  there are many people who are just looking for an easy target . 
  thankfully we live in comparatively peaceful and prosperous times ( though that changes ) and the lynch mobs have not come out yet . 
  but its so easy to happen , its scary . 
  all you need is a target . 
   ethnicity is not a `` vague ideology '' . 
  it is the cultural and linguistic legacy of a people . 
  believing that this legacy is precious and worthy of protection does n't make me right-wing , let alone racist . 
  did someone call you a racist ? 
  damn , some people can be so sensitive that they take offence and things not even implied . 
  i specifically did not mention immigrants and muslims so that we wo n't get stuck in that shit . 
  nobody cares about them . 
  i was talking about the natives . 
  having said all that ( though i 'm sure i will repeat it ) is that defending a national identity , in political terms , is inherently exclusionary against your own people . 
  its common sense . 
  what about those who neither like nor identify with a traditional and conservative culture ? 
  ah they are probably traitors anyway / s anyway its your legal right to try to enforce a monoculture in your country and other native 's legal and moral right to try and make some space for themselves in order to be included . 
  immigrants do n't matter in this . 
  also i think that you think way too highly of greece , but thanks anyway i guess ? 
   you seem to get too bent on religion . 
  i do n't know , i think that it 's pretty much a cultural affiliation at this point . 
  i do n't think that state enforces the christian identity as in religious identity - that 's middle eastern business . 
  well even if i am too bent on religion , its my right . 
  its my country anyway . 
  and yes greece is unfortunately very middle eastern . 
  i would like to change that . 
  but the people who insint on `` defending their proud nation '' are in the way and wish to keep the [ middle eastern attitude ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2014/01/16/elder-pastitsios-satire-greek-blogger-sentenced-to-10-month-prison-for-insulting-religion/ ) alive for all eternity . 
   and shared traditions and culture are what makes a nation , and evoke a sense of belonging - a basic human need . 
  that 's where people find their desire to preserve their nation . 
  a `` state '' is just an administrative body that makes things civilized and practical for a nation ... 
  true again . 
  i think we might agree more than you think . 
  but our disagreement would be in whether its the state 's business , or rather the business of a political party , to manage this . 
  let it be free and evolve over time . 
   me too , an atheist . 
  however , culture of a nation is much more than a religion ... and even as an atheist , you can not undo a deep mark that religion has left on the cultures ... 
  true , but i do n't see what that has to do with what i said . 
  if you are an atheist , you are simply not part of the traditionally-defined greek nation . 
  its a fact . 
   it would n't matter to you if in 50 years most common name in greece is mohammad , and greek is third most common language , behind turkish and albanian , as long as state cares about it 's people , eg good dental plan , and enough money to buy a weekend home ? 
  its quite bold to be dismissive of money , to a people that are facing horrifically high unemployment . 
  its literally a [ humanitarian crisis ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-07-17/greece-now-full-blown-humanitarian-crisis-9-charts ) and not about buying weekend homes . 
  but i digress . 
  i do n't want the state to enforce any national ideology because , as a greek citizen , i want to be able to change it . 
  i want a secular , even atheistic culture . 
  i know this offends many people but its my right to want this . 
  and if the state enforces this christian national identity i will never get to be heard or represented . 
  its that simple . 
  culture should be a reflection of how people actually live , instead of an idealized version of how dead people allegedly lived . 
  which means that if we want to stop eating fucking gyros then the state should not force us to .
