  it seems you have either forgot or never knew some things . 
  i do n't think you are egocentric . 
  wanting to protect your family is not selfishness , its called being a human . 
  its funny that we argue even in this . 
  the problem is that nobody is attacking your nation or your family . 
  that is stupidity . 
  reading this sub one would swear that there are muslims banging at your door trying to eat your kids alive . 
  its a very bad thing ( and a terrible omen for the future ) when people adopt a `` victim '' mentality and adopt an attitude of self-victimization , where they are told , and they believe it , that the baddies are attacking them . 
  a specific group of baddies too . 
  just look at history . 
  nope , they were n't . 
  people like you keep complaining that people are calling you `` nazis '' and `` racists '' yet there is no evidence . 
  all you do is complain . 
  99 % of the uses of the word `` racist '' is by people like you who complain endlessly that they are * under attack by the mutlicultural brigade of leftist political correctness to silence their proud voices * . 
  its ridiculous , because you do n't realize that by raging and foaming at the mouth you have the exact opposite effect of what you claim you do : you destroy conversational space , instead of enriching it . 
  stop calling me racist !!, 
  stop calling me racist !!!, 
  stop calling me racist !!!, 
  no , you are not `` off '' . 
  you will be back to complain about being called a nazi soon enough , i promise you . 
  does the mobile not show the time of each comment ? 
  correct me if i am wrong but i think it does . 
  do n't look for saviors . 
  reality is n't a superhero movie . 
  waiting for a tough leader to save you usually has the exact opposite results . 
  this is what is happening now , unfortunately . 
  ideally there would be mandatory quotas proportional to how rich a country is . 
  as you know , nobody wants that , because people are short-sighted idiots . 
  so the south just gets angrier and angrier , hates the eu , turning the situation into a downward spiral of idiocy . 
  nope . 
  you 'd like to , but that is not the case . 
  / u/grabs _ diaz says that we should accept all * refugees * and not destroy all borders in the globe . 
  note that he is german and germany constitution does not place a quota on asylum seekers . 
  so he might as well be quoting his own constitution . 
  also he is downvoted . 
  so even if he said what you think he said , where is the crowd ? 
  where are the liberal crowds ? 
  it seems that the crowds are people like you , people who attack anyone not unquestionably anti-refugee . 
  if you disagree feel free to search this or any other post for these mythical crowds of guardian and der spiegel readers . 
  i 'll be waiting . 
  random people ? 
  like you can just dump any illegal immigrant ( whether he is from the balkans , middle east or africa ) to an african country he does n't even belong to ? 
  i do n't know if its a common proposal but i do n't think this is a serious one . 
  so you think they want to take your money . 
  fair enough , but you realize that you have been subsidized by the eu right ? 
  many people did n't want to give money to romanias , there were a lot of right-wing nationalist protests against your ( allegedly , not my words ) cheating low-skilled criminal people entering europe and driving down wages and quality of life . 
  even in greece . 
  romanian was the equivalent to either a gypsy or a whore . 
  not to progressives such as myself , but to the right-wingers who did n't want immigrants . 
  but the plans went through anyway and now you are doing better . 
  and now you hate downwards . 
  i sincerely hope you have the fate of the refugees so that when you are in need of help you receive only a kick in the face unlike the generosity you have received ( and continue to receive ) thus far . 
  what are these other options then ? 
  because it seems like nobody has a clue . 
  by what ? 
  what do you think is owed to you ? 
   maybe this time listen to italy and not ignore adequate border protection in the mediterranean ? 
  move towards a federated eu . 
  only way this might work . 
  the policies , services , border control agencies and even the armies need to operate on a transnational level . 
  but nobody wants that . 
  people here prefer feeling national pride and giving the middle finger to the evil fascist tyrannical brussels . 
  so we are stuck in shit with everyone constantly complaining about everything without actually doing something about it . 
  please , please stop trolling . 
  nobody is calling you a nazi . 
  take a deep breath . 
  these `` crowds '' you imagine exist or have been told that exist , are not real . 
  its a massive strawman . 
  no one is arguing for letting in millions of people in europe without any control . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  go find one of those mythical people and ask him to post here . 
  you wo n't . 
  its weird that you complain about those people constantly , as well as being called a `` racist '' or a `` nazi '' , yet we do n't see this happening anywhere . 
  you are just shitposting and trying to drown out any reasonable conversation via screaming against these non-existing crowds of illegal immigration supporters . 
   ask her about her rights . 
  ask a raped woman in poland if she wants to get an abortion first, 
   the law has holes , the law , becouse of `` human rights '' ( which obviously apply only to other people , not european ) we cant really sufficiently defend ourselves , and they all are exploiting it . 
  you mean `` human rights '' like allowing women to control their reproductive systems ? 
   stop this madness . 
  how ? 
  do you think that the leaders have a magic button they can press and stop everything , yet they are not pressing it out of fear ? 
  or conspiracy ? 
  the reality is that there is no good way to stop this . 
  if there is a way , it would be within a strong , federal eu with a decent transnational army and border protection services . 
  but nobody wants that now . 
  people are screaming for more nationalism and telling brussels to fuck off . 
  so yeah tl/dr ; people like to complain but do n't want to do anything about it other than blame those leaders ( who they themsleves elected , ironically ) . 
  interesting . 
  this could be true , depending on a number of factors . 
  any objective data ? 
   but while we are on the subject , i have little patience for people complaining about stuff that did n't actually happen to them . 
  so i 'll give about a lifetime before i start taking people seriously that complain about something that they should get over . 
  you need to decide what you are saying first . 
  do people need to get over anything or not ? 
  and not its not strange at all to become extremists `` only '' 20 years after an event . 
  is reality that strange to you ? 
  its really not . 
  20 years ago means your parents had to deal with that shit , which obviously affected the way they were personally raised . 
  ideally , every generation feels the impact less and less , so eventually you reach parity . 
  but it can take a shitload of time .
