  anyone who does n't blame the germans has an inferiority complex . 
  he is a self-hater too , right ? 
  i have a group of people like you following me around and talking shit because their pride got hurt . 
  to be honest , you have the country you deserve , and the politicians you deserve . 
   it is n't , but either are tied to each other . 
  that is what you morality says , not reality . 
   i 'm more curious wether you realize there 's a difference between population growth , and a near 50 % population reduction in an average human lifetime . 
  so , do you ? 
  50 % population reduction ? 
  is that before or after aliens abduct us ? 
   it clearly does because otherwise they would be already bankrupt because of all the shit they have done . 
  thanks to austerity they could have been recapitalized . 
  your money paid for their mistakes . 
  it does n't benefit them and even your argument shows that . 
  while it is great to be bailed out it is obviously not as great as having a healthy economy or just higher interest rates . 
  this current situation benefits no one . 
  it 's just that the banks avoided the brunt of the blow . 
  i 'm sure that everyone would have preferred for the crisis to not have happened at all . 
  population growth is not the same as economic growth . 
  this is just conservative moralizing disguised as economics . 
  you realize the population ca n't keep growing , right ? 
  i mean eventually you have to stop pumping people into the planet , there is a natural limit - if you want to maintain your quality of life , that is . 
   like in greece where the cheap money they got before the crisis ( and for greece , to loan money suddenly became way cheaper than before entering ) was n't used for structural reforms or was used to create any real value within the nation , but rather to make election-presents in from of an overloaded goverment thanks for pointing this out . 
  i do n't know why most of / r/europe and pretty much 100 % of greeks ignore this . 
  but no , blame it on the germans . 
  it worrying because people are not aware how bad greece fucked up . 
  they think everything was going great and then the germans came in and ruined everything . 
   in regard to morals , christian institutions have been at the forefront of advancing humanitarian and social progress for the last millennia and that can be readily proven . 
  maybe but morals are something else and are also not shared by everyone . 
   destruction of the family unit and negative birth rates are probably the most concerning . 
  like above , this is highly subjective and there is not a measurable thing to be concerned about . 
  it is a purely ideological or rather metaphysical matter . 
  edit to clarify i mean that it is based on the christian religion regarding the conservative family unit as `` sacred '' . 
  other family kinds ( like a family with gay parents ) are treated with utmost contempt and hostility even if there is no objective reason to consider them wrong . 
  same goes for birth rates . 
  in the eu , if current trends continue and if zero immigrants arrive , we 'd still have [ 400 million by 2080 ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=proj_13npzms&amp;lang=en ) which is a absolutely huge number - even if we only look at it historically . 
  but christians consider breeding as `` sacred '' too , so any slowing down of the overpopulation our planet faces is considered `` wrong '' for purely metaphysical reasons . 
  ah typical brexit hysteria, 
   i would argue it is one of the last entities holding it together . 
  this does not make sense based on how the world works . 
  the less religious we became as a species , the better off we have become . 
  now you can argue correlation and causation , but the point is that if christianity `` holds the world together '' then we must have definitely have seen * some * unraveling by now considering how weaker christianity is . 
   nearly all the early scientists were christian as well as many of our great political theorists . 
  they could n't be anything but christians . 
  for most of christianity 's history , not being a christian was social or even real death . 
  atheism may be sociably acceptable today , in some cases , in the liberal parts of the western world . 
  but this is very recent phenomenon . 
   in terms of humanitarian outreach they have also been unrivalled in raising the human condition . 
  like worshiping poverty like mother theresa or discouraging the use of condoms in aids-striken countries ? 
  science and technology have raised the human condition . 
  material wellbeing , health , wealth and entertainment ca n't be attributed to religion . 
  religion is the institutionalized worship of beings and concerns itself with spiritual ( and thus non-material ) matters . 
   christianity is at the very core of western civilization the west is culturally christian . 
  but the core of our civilization is not religion and magic , but the enlightenment . 
  the enlightenment is not synonymous with christianity . 
  as a movement , it has more to do with reason and logic and questioning tradition than blind worship . 
   our core freedoms and values originate in its essence . 
  our core freedoms are political in their origin . 
  we do n't have freedom because we share some metaphysical belief but because of social contracts and laws . 
   \\  force them to learn greek and convert to orthodoxy this should be a war crime, 
  says the guy whose country voted for brexit , the irony is pretty amazing , please go on , 
  you need to rethink your priorities too ... if you think that having * magic * as a pillar of your society is not embarrassing . 
  good that a brit like you is here , to tell me what is best for greece . 
   why did we stop calling them fascists ? 
  because right wingers are crying that they are being `` mislabeled '' and thus we ca n't use the word anymore , not unless you can bare to read 100 pages of right wingers whining at you about how oppressed they feel at online forums . 
   try not to make assumptions i was n't . 
  read again my post . 
  but nice of you to assert that you are a special snowflake anyway . 
   i think it 's lazy to blame european instability on the right-wing . 
  no , the right has a vested interest on european instability , the more divided the people are , the more votes they solicit , as anyone who does n't live under a rock has seen this past decade . 
  username checks out yes , the eu is this malevolent entity with tentacles , that hates national sovereignty and wants to destroy the proud national cultures / s, 
   stop sticking your head in the stand . 
  this is the default right-wing reaction : we did n't create the syrian civil war , it 's not our problem , etc. 
  well lets see whose problem it is in a couple of decades . 
  the right has been undermining european stability by torpedoing each and every plan to handle the situation . 
  their narrow-minded goal of quickly cashing in votes from the frustration will be destructive for all of us . 
  it does n't make sense politically because literally every greek person alive ( and probably some dead ones too ) would lose their shit over it . 
  there is absolutely no way this can happen in greece . 
  i agree that it would be good for the country but the people ( and thus the politicians ) will simply not have it . 
  this is a new complaint . 
  it 's usually the exact opposite , why are people ignoring the nationalists ? 
   what what ? 
  lol do you really want an answer to this ? 
  just google it   russia is rich compared to those central asian counties and is getting many asian immigrants to the benefit of the oligarchs who could always use more cheap workers . 
  so having foreign workers in your country makes you a globalst ? 
  interesting . 
  it is my understanding that russia is fiercely nationalistic and the ruling party is very protective of their nationalist culture . 
  i do n't think letting in workers will suddenly turn russia into a progressive or liberal ( or whatever else means `` globalist '' these days ) state . 
  putin would never have it , nor would his successors . 
   but there are also people who no longer have anyone who represents them . 
  i get that . 
  but i do n't think its an excuse . 
  why ? 
  because this is n't a feeling unique to right-wingers . 
  many people do n't have a political platform that represents them 100 % . 
  this should n't be an excuse to vote for the most ( allegedly ) anti-systemic or anti-pc candidate . 
  i do n't have anyone in greece who represents me either , should i just go `` fuck it '' and vote for golden dawn ? 
  does that make sense ? 
   when the left stops caring about the life of the native population , where do you go ? 
  you do n't go anywhere .
