  is this / r/askeeuropecirclejerk ? 
  hm , fascinating . 
  i 'll be driving through luxembourg in a few hours , i 'll see if i can spot one . 
  for me it 's limburg . 
  i ca n't understand the people , they all vote pvv , and they have hills everywhere so cycling becomes a hassle . 
  also , is too far away from the rest of the country . 
  what 's that ? 
  in dutch it is schiereiland , which translates to almost island . 
  simon is also a great movie . 
  yeah twents is a nice dialect , but what about flemish ? 
  my elementary did n't do that . 
  the teacher gave a non binding advice about school type . 
  i do n't think i had any meaningful quantification of my academic achievements before starting high school and i did n't have a class which was exclusively vwo untill i was 15 . 
  that is n't much earlier than in most countries . 
  i agree . 
  a small tattoo that does n't stand out but really has personal meaning i do n't mind . 
  other than that i find most tattoos really distasteful , especially on people that were beautiful once but are now old and wrinkly . 
  vergane glorie , as we say . 
  at the in-laws right now . 
  they brought some reblochon from france when they went skiing and are preparing tartiflette tonight . 
  can hardly wait , it just so good . 
  living with my girlfriend . 
  we visit my parents on average about once a month , they live about twenty minutes away . 
  we visit her mom a bit less often , but we usually stay the night as it is further away . 
  well no , but they never pretended to be in a committed relationship with us . 
  without climbing . 
  dubrovnik is so pretty . 
  peanut butter cups !, 
  plus , there are some killer sculptures . 
  no its not . 
  i used to live in germany and drove home to amsterdam maybe once a month . 
  i used to bring back some weed with me every time and i never got pulled over . 
  i must have crossed the border at least twenty times . 
  the only time i was stopped by customs was when i was on a eurolines bus to a german festival , and then they did n't even find it then . 
  maybe they assume that if you 're dutch you are n't going to take it with you because you can get it at home . 
  i was confused for a second because i thought this was sas . 
  do you guys not have a populist party ? 
  i am opposed to the cda for different reasons , although it is stereotypical that they would want to introduce this . 
  also , i am not opposed to kids learning the national anthem , but i am opposed to then having to sing it all the time . 
  i 'm pretty sure he means lelystad , which is significantly more ugly then almere . 
  have you been to kassel ? 
  that city is pretty awful . 
  i actually liked frankfurt , but then i quite like modern architecture . 
  sometimes also proost , which translates to cheers . 
  you could also try eurolines ( bus ) or try to find a ride on blablacar.com . 
  two recent victories by unlikely sides are more then enough for now . 
  we 'll get back to hole in the wall in a few months . 
  that would be kehl . 
  i think that only for the uk would voting lines actually matter , as that is the only country in europe that i know uses a winner takes all system . 
  it depends on your interests and the time of year you are visiting . 
  i have been to all of these cities and dependently on what you like i would recommend any of them . 
  yes . 
  accroding to [ this chart ] ( http://www.idea.int/vt/analyzer/images/image023.png ) the average voter turnout for national elections in the eu is on average about 10 % larger then [ the voter turnout during the last presidential elections ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voter_turnout_in_the_united_states_presidential_elections ) in the us . 
  this would imply that the average european cares more about politics than the average american . 
  of course it has to be noted that the turnout during elections for the european parliament is usually a lot less . 
  this is true . 
  i went to copenhagen once , and except the slightly different architecture and obviously the language the whole town felt surprisingly like amsterdam . 
  especially after going to christiania . 
  i believe this is what the french call google-fu . 
   ... where ** their ** from ... ftfy . 
  like dykam says , there are some thieves with quick fingers , so your quick release wheels will not be safe . 
  also , people tend to cram their bikes in with other bikes , so that is how they get damaged . 
  i would definitely recommend the guarded bicycle parkings . 
  if you leave them there for less then 24 hours they are free of charge , there is usually enough room , and they are at every train station . 
  i am not sure what the situation is at hotels/hostels , as i have never used one here . 
  if you are staying close to leidseplein or another spot on [ this map ] ( http://www.amsterdam.nl/parkeren-verkeer/fiets/fietsenstallingen/ ) you could also use the free guarded bicycle parkings in the city . 
  are you from amsterdam or traveling here by some other means ? 
  you will probably have fancy bikes , which will be stolen or broken in amsterdam if you plan on leaving them somewhere outside . 
  we have a city of bikes , but since it is mostly flat and people use their bikes every day all those bikes are beat up old things . 
  every major train station has a guarded bicycle garage , i would recommend using one of those . 
  if you are locals i have ranted for nothing , but better safe then sorry . 
  by far the cheapest way of getting from amsterdam to berlin is hitchhiking . 
  you can start from the hitchhiking spot just outside of amstel station . 
  i have done it twice , both times within a day . 
  plus , you get to meet a lot of locals . 
  one tip i would give you is to hitchhike form gasstation to gasstation . 
  as people are stopping there anyway to get gas or food you can talk to them and give them some time to assess if they want to take you . 
  if hitchhiking is not your thing you might want to check out busservices like [ eurolines ] ( http://eurolines.com/en/ ) as you next cheapest option . 
  i dislike the way americans pronounce the r. also it is in general not very elegant or sophisticated , whereas ( posh ) british english is more so . 
  aternatively you could try `` gezellig h\u00e9 ? '', 
  when we left croatia we were actually stopped by customs because our ride had some hashies with him . 
  so he had to stay behind and we walked across the border to slovenia ( after being held for about three hours ) . 
  then we went back to hitchhiking on the other side and got picked up in about 5 minutes . 
  yes !, 
  i have hitchhiked quite a lot in europe ( to london , prague , croatia , berlin ) , and to me it allways seemed relatively safe . 
  maybe that 's because i 'm a huge dude , but i know a lot of girls that have done this aswell . 
  also , it is a great way to meet new people and to discover places you would not normally go . 
  of course it is also very cheap . 
  one pro-tip i want to give you if you do decide to travel by thumb : once you are on the highway stick to the petrolstations . 
  it is a lot easier to assess if you can trust someone if you can talk to them first . 
  also , people are stopping anyway , so they will be inclined faster to give you a ride . 
  i agree . 
  brussels is just a lot of concrete and one old square . 
  maybe spending a day at the beach in zealand or at zeebrugge would be a nice change of pace . 
  it looks like you might be getting a bit of a cultural overdose this way . 
  each of the cities you mentioned are easily worth a week of visiting time . 
  these are indeed good suggestions , but as far as roads go i would like to add the [ afsluitdijk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afsluitdijk ) , which is one of our main achievements where it comes to fighting the water . 
  it will lead you from the north to amsterdam . 
  also driving through zeeland ( a southern province bordering belgium ) might be a thing to consider , as it crosses the [ delta works ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delta_works ) , with some impressive structures protecting zeeland from the water of the north sea . 
  i have never heard of this .
