first example of western corruption that comes to mind : silvio berlusconi . 
  greece is one of the most corrupt nations in the world , where even public hospital doctors would demand a bribe to do their jobs . 
  having lived there 10 years and owned a business , i can fill volumes with daily examples of low level corruption . 
  ( especially when it comes to dealing with the tax office ) in germany gerhard schroeder spent years getting germany hooked on russian gas only to accept a position in a russian pipeline company . 
  in the us , michael taylor , ex vp of monsanto is now head of the fda . 
  these type of appointments are corrupt to the core , since they essentially allow industries to monitor themselves , cutting the interests of the public out . 
  these are just examples off the top of my head . 
  western media is not an issue for our governments , since mainstream news outlets all `` toe the party line '' so to speak . 
  corruption in the west has evolved , it might not be as brutal as other parts of the world , but it is still just as damaging . 
  ariel sharon . 
  you wo n't because people are products of their environments , and chechnya is quite a unique place . 
  off the top of my head : aris tsochatzopoulos ( caught taking a 13 million euro kickback from submarine sales ) the mp in the uk that charged 120,000 gbp to the government to dredge the moat around his castle is pretty corrupt . 
  silvio berlusconi ? 
  chirac ? 
  they all stink too . 
  and let 's not forget the two american champs : richard nixon and dick cheney ... that 's just off the top of my head . 
  politicians are inherently corrupt . 
  ( exceptionally there are a few that are n't but they are far and few between ), 
  slavery was also considered civilized , as was fornicating with boys , and abandoning deformed babies to die . 
  even 70 years from now , i highly doubt that thesaloniki , greece 's second largest city will become part of fyrom . 
  freedom baby, 
  i spent 6 months working in bucharest . 
  great time , 
  it 's really a matter of choice . 
  an honorable mention should go out to romanian women . 
  some of the best looking in europe imho, 
  every bit of the lamb that we will not eat on sunday , we will boil into a thick soup for saturday at midnight !, 
  the smell of magiritsa has made me nauseous since i was a child . 
  not when the government is kept alive with bailouts that come with strings attached . 
  greece lost its sovereignty when it signed the bailout agreement . 
  no what i am saying is that those military contracts were untouched for the most part . 
  the troika could have asked for a serious reduction in military spending . 
  those bailouts are being used to pay off loans , not run a government . 
  the greek government has to keep the `` troika '' ( imf-eu-ecb ) happy in order for the bailouts to keep coming . 
  there is no real sovereignty . 
  there 's really no conspiracy . 
  check the bailout agreement . 
  there are cuts in pensions , education , health , salaries , even a clause that asks for the lowering of quality standards in baby food . 
  not a single cut to the military . 
  in the meantime , greece is ranked 7th in the world , 2nd in the eu ( 2009 [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures_per_capita ) ) in military spending per capita . 
  and the troika made no demands for that to be curbed . 
  i guess pensions and healthcare do n't benefit the us and german military industry . 
  actually , you can have the job back , i 'm applying for benefits !, 
  as a greek national , being able to get a job in the uk ( i speak fluent english and french ) without having to get papers and permits gave me opportunities which do not exist at all in greece . 
  a story about greece that does n't mention the economy . 
  ca n't upvote enough, 
  i 've moved away , do they still put up that ugly ass `` tree '' ( conical scaffolding with lights ), 
  in greece , the traditional ornament for christmas is a [ model boat ] ( http://i239.photobucket.com/albums/ff269/jason_hellas/2010dec18th022-1.jpg ) decorated with lights . 
  while the tradition still exists , it has been replaced by the classic tree . 
  i wish people would stop putting up trees and return to boats . 
  not sure , but i would imagine shipping it might cost cheaper ? 
  there are many ridiculous and insane laws and regulations of this sort in greece . 
  many greeks care about the image of the country internationally . 
  i think this kind of public airing of its dirty laundry might do some good in the long run . 
  well a gas pipeline from qatar to the med would surely break russia 's hold on the european market . 
  but syria would have to agree to that . 
  souvlaki or gyro !, 
  with lots of tzatziki . 
  greece < 10 % ? 
  that 's a lie . 
  thanks for pointing that out , fixed . 
  great survey , ca n't wait for the results . 
  from northern ireland - - man and teen drowned in disused quarry are named . 
  golden dawn is one of the worst things to happen to greece in a very long time . 
  i hope these types of action makes people realize what buffoons they are . 
  what 's dangerous is that they actually have support ... 
  scary, 
  i remember taking the train in austria a few years ago . 
  we started in vienna and our destination was a small village called schrunz ( basically from the east to the west of the country ) . 
  it was right before christmas , mountains and forests were covered in snow , it was beautiful . 
  in greece we call them `` kangoures '' they usually drive tiny cars like peugeot 206 and citroen saxo 's that are souped up as if they are on fast and furious . 
  they dress like the cast of the jersey shore , and blast bad music ranging from greek bouzoukia to israeli psy trance . 
  you can find them hanging out at night at the limanakia turns after varkiza , usually street racing , and are also , along with ( very ) rich older men are the main clientele of the transvestite street walkers on syggrou avenue . 
  ps : not too sure about other parts of greece , i lived in athens pps : if they ca n't afford a car / do n't have a friend with a car or there 's no room because the car is full with other people they will be seen riding mopeds 2 at a time . 
  i spent 6 months in romania . 
  apparently towers are a sign of wealth , therefore the more towers on your house , the more important you are . 
  i guess that we have both witnessed the dichotomy of greece . 
  i too have friends that work their asses off . 
  i remember when i worked at a big studio , the editors and compositing guys would sometimes work 16 + hour shifts . 
  ofc not all greeks are lazy , but my impression living there for a decade ( i am greek but raised abroad ) i could n't help but notice this mindset or attitude i mention . 
  i do believe that greece will eventually get back on its feet , the younger generation is growing up with a completely different mentality , and i have faith in this changing of the guard so to speak . 
  although the attitudes towards work are changing in greece , especially in the private sector , i still think that greek work ethic still has a long way to go . 
  i am by no means generalizing , but living in greece for the past 10 years and owning a business for 5 , the general mentality that prevails is one of `` close enough '' : basically just do the minimum possible to not get fired . 
  i also noticed this attitude while i was studying in athens . 
  how many students would show up to class with nothing but a cell phone , a coffee , and news paper , day after day , and then have a `` skonaki '' ( cheat sheet ) ready for the final . 
  this brutal and quite unfair period of austerity might wake people up to the fact that we need to start creating and working again in greece , and offer something more than tourism to europe . 
  the chinese are in general very hard working , and also very demanding of local labor . 
  something us greeks are usually not . 
  i wonder how a chinese company managing 125,000 greek employees , with their diametrically opposed work ethic is going to play out . 
  [ julia alexandratou ] ( https://a2-images.myspacecdn.com/images03/23/b8eebb4d653d4a55838cd67d59c51395/300x300.jpg ) is quite famous in greece for making a few porn videos before becoming a pop singer ( lots of vids out there if you search ), 
  maybe they will just go back to using broken pottery like the ancient athenians, 
  220sqm / 3 bed 3 bath / 3rd floor / indoor parking / storage unit / swimming pool / asking 600k / kavouri area ( 500m from the beach ) . 
  no sorry , i do n't own a safe or a shotgun, 
  employee protection never was a strong point in greece . 
  in fact the main reason i looked to leave was because there is no mobility , and no protection from crooked employers . 
  i only take hard currency , in this case bottle caps . 
  or marbles , i like marbles, 
  i have a house , prime location , 3rd floor , sea view , 500m from the beach , great price :p, 
  this was inevitable , it 's dragging it out all these years that really hurt . 
  i moved to ireland in 2012 .
