  going back in july for 3 weeks . 
  my friend sent pics of queues at gas stations mostly and said something about atms . 
  he lives north towards kiffisia . 
  well , is it ? 
  politicians grumbling about apple not paying for lunch ? 
  that 's something i took away from this article as well . 
  i googled `` apple statement on tax bill '' and it was the first hit . 
  apple used the same medium to release a letter about their stance against the fbi request a few months back . 
  i just wanted to point it out because the author of the article was trying to create the impression that apple was not responding , whereas it did . 
  tim cook also was vocal about the issue with the independent : http://www.independent.ie/breaking-news/irish-news/brussels-tax-bill-political-crap-says-apple-chief-tim-cook-35012893.html so plenty of response from apple 's side . 
  the search on the website is not the greatest , unless you are looking for something to buy . 
  also this is the only official apple site , it is just localized , and regardless of what national domain you use , . fr , . ie , co.uk , it will redirect you back to apple.com . 
  there is a small point where the article is completely wrong , apple did release a statement on their website on the same day as the ruling . 
  this . 
  once again we ignite emotions created by outdated millenniums old beliefs to further some short sighted political goal . 
  turkey is acting like the school bully who got expelled and moved to a new school and now has to deal with bigger bullies by being the most obnoxious bully in the yard . 
  so these people are literally reduced to pawns . 
  this is quite ominous . 
  these sirens have never been tested since i have lived in greece . 
  why test them now ? 
  my theory is because our turkish neighbors are now in conflict with syria . 
  i would love to hear some opinions, 
  i guess it is a crap attitude . 
  but i do n't post my opinions for them to be liked , i just enjoy the dialogue . 
  well put . 
  in the second world war my grandfather did more for greece fighting at el alamein than he could have in occupied greece . 
  there are as many , if not more greeks living in the diaspora than there are in greece proper . 
  people like me . 
  you have no idea who i am , what i do , and what my situation in life is , yet you pass judgement on me leaving behind a country that is being overrun by ignorance and hate . 
  and if disliking fascists and neo nazis is the high ground i will take it any day . 
  i guess the term greek tragedy is fitting . 
  as the more educated and industruous greeks flee the crisis for europe , australia , and north america , assholes like the golden dawn gain more power and influence . 
  i feel saddened at the state of the country i also fled . 
  it seems like the situation goes from bad to worse , and this whole situation will end horribly . 
  being greek makes me both sad and ashamed , seeing this also makes me feel lucky that i managed to move and set up a life abroad . 
  i read an article a few years back discussing how the arid band which the sahara is located in is slowly pushing north . 
  it seems like we as a species are accelerating this process . 
  i can not find the article at the moment , but will post it once i do . 
  every time i read about these summer fires in the south of europe , i ca n't help but think that 2 - 3 generations from now , places like greece will be mostly dry and arid , much like the islands of paros and mykonos are . 
  it 's a sad thought , considering how beautiful nature in this part of the world is . 
  as opposed to the us ? 
  # 1 in prison population , in the top 3 for executions , and practices such wonderfully democratic things like rendition and waterboarding and drone attacks . 
  go back far enough in history and every nation has been abominable . 
  [ un general assembly resolution 3379 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_general_assembly_resolution_3379 ) states that zionism is a form of racism . 
  i am not defending what these newspapers print though . 
  in fact , i have stopped reading print papers , especially the greek ones for almost a decade now . 
  there are hundreds of papers to choose from , many have been established either to promote a political agenda , or in some cases to blackmail celebs and politicians with . 
  obviously most journalists have very little regard for ethics . 
  greek news reporting in general is some of the worst i have ever seen , and any rational intelligent person would disregard it . 
  you might argue that it reflects the opinions of the public at large , but when you look at circulation , the # 1 paper is espresso , a tabloid that makes tmz look like the new york times . 
  tl ; dr : greek news reporting should be mostly ignored , since it is very low quality , and there is a flagrant disregard for ethics . 
  that 's some good pr . 
  i guess they read up on their goebbels . 
  did a quick search for what cars romney drives hoping to find an aston martin or bentley . 
  unfortunately the man loves his american cars , he owns mustangs , and has a cadillac collection . 
  i remember when this story broke . 
  i was ashamed of the narrowmindedness and mob mentality of the average person on the street . 
  the mp who leaked the names should be facing charges , but people hailed him as having done the right thing . 
  and no one blamed the johns ( married men with families ) for visiting prostitutes , and paying the extra 20 for a bj without a condom ( going rate ) . 
  but the prostitutes were burned at the stake like a modern day salem . 
  this mentality is the reason why when i do finally leave this country , i will only return in july or august as a tourist . 
  also i believe the weakening euro is affecting the prices of gas , prices jumped about 10c a liter in a few weeks here , and still going up, 
  i always knew my theory that only half the greeks consider themselves europeans was true . 
  there really are two tribes in my country . 
  the young went to vote after going to spend sunday on the beach . 
  it was around 30 degrees and really sunny . 
  switzerland : always neutral enough to profit from all conflicts . 
  here is probably the oddest driving law in the eu , from greece . 
  on a roundabout , the car driving onto the roundabout has right of way , unless there is a stop sign . 
  so if you are circling the roundabout , you have to check the side streets for stop signs to know if you can go or have to stop . 
  completely counterproductive , and quite frankly stupid imo . 
  the guy who threw the punches is the spokesperson of the party , i highly doubt his pr team is sophisticated enough for such actions . 
  also , i am thoroughly disgusted by how many people , some of which used to be my friends , support these guys . 
  i believe they will get even more seats after the next election , but i do hope i am mistaken . 
  hopefully this will be the final straw for golden dawn 's media presence . 
  i liked them better when they just did n't exist . 
  with spain on the brink ( or over it already ) i really think that the greek elections are unimportant . 
  greece will be picked apart and sold off to large european companies at very low prices . 
  i believe we can say `` mission erf\u00fcllt '' mrs merkel and mr sarkozy over and over we see this cycle appearing since the 30 's . 
  there is a crisis , or recession , or depression . 
  people lose jobs , go hungry , lose homes , and meanwhile the top of the pyramid gets richer and richer and richer . 
  the only way our cards have changed since i was born is that now they are typed and not hand written . 
  we desperately need an update . 
  coming from a country that already has a national id card this would be an improvement . 
  the greek id has the dimensions of about 2 and a half credit cards , and does n't fit in regular wallets ... 
  the eurovision song contest is one of the biggest waste of resources . 
  every year millions are spent to promote sub par recycled pop music , just to guarantee sales in the summer . 
  in said summer , all you hear is those few songs from the contest over and over and over . 
  i think eurovision is spammed enough as is across all the other media i am subjected to daily , and reddit is a safe haven from that , please do n't ruin it . 
  as a greek who was raised abroad and returned in 2000 , the most valuable thing for me is that my passport allows me to visit or live in any eu nation . 
  i want to stay in the eu , but the euro has done serious damage to the # 1 industry in greece : tourism . 
  a weaker currency would make greece an affordable destination for northern europeans who have been flocking to our more affordable neighbors . 
  greece needs to be put back in its proper place alongside our balkan neighbors such as romania and bulgaria , and not in the `` big boys '' club of nations with real industries and exports such as italy and spain . 
  joining the single currency was a mistake which cost greece 10 years , and made a small cabal of industrialists and politicians obscenely rich . 
  could n't agree more . 
  if there is not a fundamental sociopolitical shift in greek attitudes then we are doomed to this limbo for a few mor generations . 
  thugs and charlatans . 
  of course all politicians are , these guys just are n't sophisticated enough to hide it . 
  here is a great photo of an ex greek minister who is accused of embezzling millions during the sale of submarines to greece . 
  [ story about his arrest and charge ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/03/world/europe/akis-tsochatzopouloss-corruption-case-hits-hard-in-greece.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 ) a [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i0nhjph.jpg ) can speak volumes .
