it 's somewhat true and yet completely , ridiculously inaccurate at the same time . 
  that 's the kind of whining we 've heard from the greeks again and again . 
  what i 've personally never heard from anyone coming up with this sort of `` argument '' is any constructive suggestion as to how the crisis could be solved . 
  and no , `` gib more monies '' does n't count . 
  i was talking specifically about mass shootings . 
  but of course it also applies to other forms of violence . 
  there would definitely be less gun violence , if there were fewer guns . 
  nope . 
  the opposite is true . 
  if you look at how often these things happen in germany vs. the us , it 's perfectly clear that access to guns plays a huge role in how much damage someone can cause if they loose their minds . 
  vee do not take kindly to such baseless accusations !, 
  zeez is not acceptable . 
  unfortunately , voices like yours are n't heard much in the political debate . 
  but hey , that saudade thing is your usp in tourism . 
  would n't want to lose that , would you ? 
  china is all in one time zone too . 
  the winner gets to set the time zone . 
  the russians did katyn . 
  oh , of course , germans have no humour . 
  everybody knows that . 
  lpt : if you go on a booze cruise , do n't be surprised when people get drunk . 
  jawoll !, 
  well , he 's working on that . 
  so do our governments . 
  and if you look at the way they 've been licking his boots lately , who knows what they come up with next . 
  how disgraceful !, 
  these journalists actually dare to state well known facts !, 
  shoot those bastards !, 
  i think those low numbers for some eastern european countries are just complete bollocks . 
  when the warsaw pact broke down , guns were very easy to get illegally . 
  the yugoslav wars are also a major source of illegal weapons to this day . 
  to think all those countries were somehow immune from that is just dumb . 
  poverty has a number of definitions . 
  in developed countries , the one given here is generally accepted . 
  in poorer countries , different definitions apply . 
   `` if you 're poor you will forever stay poor '' nonsense . 
  nobody said anything of the kind . 
  `` vaccines cause autism '' is complete nonsense too , but completely irrelevant to this topic . 
  `` relative income poverty '' is just not as catchy . 
  but yeah , that title is misleading . 
  sure . 
  established and commonly accepted definitions are nonsense . 
  because some guy on the internet said so . 
  i do n't think you really thought through the practicalities of that . 
  except that building walls is n't going to work either . 
  the eu more than anybody is dependent on a free , pluralistic world . 
  building a new iron curtain would just undermine the very foundation of our prosperity . 
  but i agree with your first point . 
  without a credible , long term plan , any military intervention is doomed to failure . 
  also , there are several proxy wars going on there right now , so the geostrategic clusterfuck world have to be disentangled too . 
  if there are positive results after a decade or so , people will be more inclined to keep going . 
  and how long have we been in bosnia and kosovo ? 
  if there are no positive results whatsoever after a decade then yes , it 's time to call it a day . 
  whatever makes you think the police in england ( or do you mean the uk ? ), 
  do n't have guns ? 
  no they wo n't . 
  this kind of thing does n't happen anywhere as often where people do n't have easy access to guns . 
  or just pick it up from his night stand . 
  because that 's going to lead to carnage . 
  did anybody ever say the police should n't have guns ? 
  true . 
  and a cluster bomb . 
  cool !, 
  and full plate body armour too !, 
  the regulations you 've described seem pretty sane to me and they seem to be working quite well . 
  but tell that to the us gun nuts who think any gun regulations mean that the gubberment will steal their kids and brainwash them to be gay . 
  killing people with guns is a lot easier than killing then with knives and as a result people are much safer in places where guns are restricted . 
  those would already be illegal or at least controlled in most european countries , i guess . 
  idiot . 
  just think for a second what would have happened if the attacker had a gun . 
  at least he did n't have a gun . 
  yes . 
  the far right protestors always go on about the `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' ( lying press ) and hold up rt as a paragon of truthfulness . 
  the far left are usually members of the former communist party . 
  it 's quite the spectacle . 
  it 's always funny to see how , of all topics , this is something the far left and far right agree on . 
  i disagree . 
  we need to drag this bullshit out in the open and expose it for the nonsense it is . 
  and eu is of course just a dog whistle for immigration . 
  and europe sees russia as a drunk man running in the streets with an axe and shouting obscenities at passers by . 
  i wish i could draw . 
  edit : a word, 
  in other news : oceania has always been at war with eastasia . 
  hey , that story about the invisible sky wizard that looks under your blanket and will torture you for all eternity if you play with your dick - that 's totally true !, 
  it says so right here in my holy book !, 
  that 's not indoctrination at all !, 
  totally different !, 
  what ideas did he have other than `` the germans should give us more money '' ? 
  and a realistic perspective . 
  he never came up with any viable solutions . 
  unfortunately the trump-a-likes are pretty successful here too . 
  seriously , who do they think they 're fooling ? 
  that 's some trump level disconnect from reality here . 
  not too surprising , coming from johnson , though . 
  yeah , they 're totally not materialistic , those russians . 
  have you ever even met one ? 
  and the rising fertility rates are from an extremely low point after the end of the cold war . 
  and have you ever seen the life expectancy statistics ? 
  apparently they still like f\u00fchrer putin , no matter how much he fucks shit up for them . 
  so i guess they 'll just be eating flags , once the food runs out .
