  you mean , we would be so much stronger if we ever managed to pull our heads out of our nationalistic arses and started working together . 
  uh huh . 
  the western christian democrats from the 60s would be considered pretty far right by today 's standards . 
  but even so , they did n't try to undermine the separation of powers and try to impose their views on the media, 
  they both need a bogeyman to justify their bullshit . 
  and the islamists are pretty open about the fact that this is exactly their strategy . 
  the european right are less open about it but just look at the glee you can see in places / r/the _ donald when a terrorist attack happens . 
  and it 's working just fine . 
  the far right have already taken over hungary and poland . 
  austria is teetering on the brink ( though , tbh , they 're always teetering on the brink ) , france may fall next , the netherlands are in danger , who know what will happen in the uk and so on . 
  and if trump should actually win , that would be the biggest victory for al-quaeda/is ever . 
  we just have to take the example of our american brethren . 
  more guns !!!, 
  living near one of those is actually not very much fun . 
  i can understand people not being happy about them being built close to residential areas . 
  but the horizon pollution thing is ridiculous . 
  in germany people even complain about solar panels on roofs being ugly . 
  some people simply ca n't see further than the tips of their own noses . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  make amputation great again !, 
  nope . 
  to late . 
  you made your bed ... 
  but without the farage character the whole thing would n't have started in the first place . 
  but yeah , johnson and turd sandwich are to blame just as much . 
  the decision to let refugees into germany only affected germany . 
  the german government tried to come to an agreement about fair distribution of the refugees . 
  to think that germany tried to force anyone to open their borders is simply ludicrous . 
  nobody has any sort of good solution to the refugee crisis . 
  blaming it all on the germans is just dumb . 
  but at least they do n't fuck up their entire country just to feed their own ego . 
  true . 
  i was really shocked to hear that only 30 % of young people voted . 
  well , an eu with a britain that 's actually willing to move it forward would be a good thing . 
  but that 's not a realistic perspective at all . 
  so it 's probably better they leave . 
  it 'll be painful to all in the short term and very painful to britain in the long term , but at least the rest of the eu can move forward . 
  what have ballsacks ever done to deserve this kind of insult ? 
  nice analogy . 
  my point was that the religion argument is just a pretext for racism . 
  really funny how johnson suddenly went all quiet . 
  should n't be be clamouring for the top job right now ? 
  looks like he let his narcissism run wild and now he does n't have any sort of plan . 
  that 's just so ridiculous . 
  you know how this is going to turn out ? 
  they 'll make britain pay through the nose to remain in the common market which they absolutely ca n't afford to leave . 
  so then they 'll still have to follow all the regulations without having any say in the political process . 
  some freedom you 've voted for there . 
  true . 
  and they do n't want immigrants , especially if they have the `` wrong '' religion ( i.e. 
  skin color ) . 
  but that 's about it , is n't it ? 
  name one . 
  um , did you even read the article ? 
  political berlin is mighty pissed off . 
  the man in the street may not care that much right now but that 's going to change when the negative consequences for everyone become apparent . 
  yeah right . 
  like they 'll be able to agree on anything . 
  ve vill teach ze untermenschen to respect their masters !, 
  oh we 're so destroyed . 
  ca n't begin to tell how destroyed we are . 
  no actually . 
  that 's just a particularly stupid and insidious lie by xenophobic fuckwits . 
  sure , all those refugees pose some problems . 
  but who caused them to leave their countries in the first place ? 
  merkel tried to make other countries accept more refugees but they just told her to fuck off . 
  some supreme dictator she is . 
  name one . 
  everybody is really pissed off at the brits because everybody is going to have to suffer due to their childish tantrum . 
  so yeah , there 's going to be blowback . 
  a lot of blowback . 
  i just hope the eu can move in a more positive direction without the brits constantly throwing spanners in the works . 
  i 'm sure all the unemployed yobs from down the pub are just waiting to take over those jobs . 
  and they 'll come bawling for more handouts , no doubt . 
  but the big energy companies are actually getting ready for the switch , despite all the rhetoric . 
  the whole leave campaign was based on lies and misinformation . 
  no surprise here . 
  they have oil and they actually managed to not turn their country into a third world cleptocracy as happens to so many resource rich countries . 
  so they can afford to pay extra for what is essentially a matter of prestige . 
  and the financial industry is going to be badly affected too . 
  `` an entirely different matter '' is a very polite way of saying `` a very dumb thing to do '' . 
  germans like to bicker among themselves about just about anything . 
  but if there 's one thing everybody agrees on , it 's hating this sorry excuse for a human being . 
  maybe you should read it . 
  lots of stories about god sanctioned genocide . 
  or killing half your people because they worship a statue . 
  or killing gays . 
  or adulterers . 
  or people eating shellfish . 
  some do . 
  but by no means all of them . 
  my point is that the christian holy book contains just as much fucked up shit as the muslim one . 
  right-wingers often like to argue that islam is somehow inherently evil because of all the fucked up shit in the quran . 
  they somehow never seem to have read their own fucked up shit . 
  it 's far more than a few nutcases and in many countries those dickheads are still causing untold harm . 
  and all those `` legitimate arguments '' always boil down to `` it says so in my holy book '' . 
   can you think of anything else in modern times that is as fundamentalist as islamism and co ? 
  there are plenty of fundamentalist movements in every religion . 
  just the fact that they murder fewer people these days does n't make them less fundamentalist . 
  pro lifers kill people all the time .
