  either by shooting up abortion clinics directly , or through women dying of backroom abortions . 
  so yes , those people are killers , even if they do n't have as many victims these days as they used to . 
  ok , now you 've achieved full pigeon chess . 
  i honestly have no idea what you 're trying to say here . 
  except of course those who refuse to accept the exclusivity claim of the deity in question . 
  and the penalties for non-believers are very harsh and also spelled out in great detail in the ot . 
  so no . 
  not at all . 
  just because they 're repressive only towards their own members does n't in any way make them harmless . 
  religious extremists are usually `` conservative '' , whatever that is supposed to mean . 
  and yes , my point is that all religious fundamentalists are basically the same . 
  there are huge differences in how much influence they have on their respective societies and some are more murderous than others , but at their core they 're all the same . 
  yes , that is exactly what it 's about . 
  if they cared about protecting human life at all , they 'd concentrate on improving conditions for pregnant women . 
  what they do is the exact opposite . 
  you should always compare the stated objective with the actual effect of any public policy . 
  if there is a large discrepancy and yet the proponents refuse to change it , you can be sure the actual effect is the desired effect rather than the stated objective . 
  i agree that islam these days is certainly the most destructive religion . 
  but the christian holy book also contains a lot of fucked up shit . 
  luckily people these days disregard most of that . 
  my whole point is that religion , no matter which one , is a bad influence on society and no problem we are facing today can be solved by more religion . 
  the most vocal anti-islam people usually come from a `` our holy book is better than their holy book '' mindset , which i think is absolute bollocks . 
  that 's what the `` moderates '' of every religion say about the `` fundamentalists '' . 
  it 's called the [ no true scotsman ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ) fallacy . 
  wow . 
  that 's an amazing level of delusion there . 
  and how come your ever loving christians are so obsessed with controlling womens ' uteruses and regulating who gets to use what bathroom ? 
  which commandment was that again ? 
  i certainly did n't mean to defend this idiocy in any way . 
  i just meant to say it 's not the only one , even if it gets the most exposure . 
  fundamentalist christianity has a major influence on the government in a lot of countries , e.g. 
  the usa , poland , the philippines , el salvador , russia , etc. 
  just because they do n't blow people up does n't mean they do n't have a pernicious influence on society . 
  the same could be said for any kind of fundamentalist religion and islam by no means has a monopoly on that . 
  putin knows where you are and he never forgets . 
  what age group does this apply to ? 
  i do n't think it can possibly be the average for the entire population . 
  my guess would be , it 's for men between 20 and 30 , or something . 
  or cdu/fdp . 
  or cdu/greens . 
  they can not actively block anything . 
  they can just make any other constellation numerically impossible . 
  they 're not going to win but if they manage to get around 10 % they would pretty much block any option other than the current cdu/spd coalition . 
  also , the political system in germany gives smaller parties a lot more influence than they have , e.g. 
  in the uk or us . 
  from having some sort of protection - minimal as it may be - from being butt-raped by the oligarchy . 
  just like the old times !, 
  and they should get rid of those new-fangled car-things those damn germans have foisted on the world !, 
  bring back the horse and buggy !, 
  what happened in 1721 ? 
  must have been a rather shitty year for them . 
  really amazing how these people increasingly make trump look sane and reasonable by comparison . 
  how about `` banksterstate '' ? 
  nothing about the belgians . 
  guess you guys have it hard enough already . 
  i tried really hard , but i could n't come up with a good insult . 
  you used to be part of the soviet union until 1990 , did n't you ? 
  sounds like suicide by cop to me more than anything . 
  better late than never . 
  if you 've made a mistake , it 's better to take steps to correct it , rather than just sit there and complain . 
  have you ever been to mallorca ? 
  it also provides jobs for regular people . 
  but a lot of those will be moving away now . 
  while it 's easy to be smug , in the end we all lose . 
  everybody loses here . 
  but the uk will lose more than the eu . 
  those sneaky fuckers !, 
  i hear the japanese make a pretty decent malt these days too . 
  actually , the financial sector has been one of the backbones of the british economy . 
  which makes the brexit nonsense just the more destructive . 
  but which of those went be happily replaced by suppliers within the common market ? 
  we can bake our own . 
  unless of course they manage to scour all the recipes off the internet first . 
  hmm . 
  i think i can survive without that . 
  even in the best case scenario that would take decades . 
  hahahaha . 
  we 'll be so sad that all those wonderful british goods wo n't be available any more . 
  such as ... erm ... 
  i 'm sure there 's something . 
  and make sure surveillance cameras can see every single spot . 
  those poor poor european surrender monkeys clearly need more guns . 
  disarming bombs is so much more pleasant , once you 've had a few glasses of champagne . 
   will the victims have any say in this ? 
  of course not . 
  that would defeat the whole purpose . 
   what about a dude who raped another dude , can they get married ? 
  yes . 
  then they get stoned ( the traditional way ) . 
  just like the good old times . 
  valodja must be so happy . 
  what kind of dumb question is that ? 
  terrorist bikes , of course !, 
  proof : we hanged them . 
  come on , jan , put down that gouda !, 
  do n't make this any uglier than it has to be !, 
  no , no , you got it all wrong !, 
  they totally have right book of myths and the other guys totally have the wrong one !, 
  that 's really going to keep people `` safe '' , is n't it ? 
  found the neckbeard .
