i would n't say that was a war as much as it was subjugation of stateless tribes . 
  although it was definitely a conflict of course . 
  yes but because it removed the motivation for using smugglers and such it steadily reduced the number of boats until they stopped completely . 
  do it like australia does , rescue them then deport them immediately . 
  yes but that 's a good reason to be against the eu , not for . 
  the point is that the eu is not needed for free trade . 
  exactly . 
  it 's ridiculous when people act like the eu is the sole provider of trade agreements . 
  no , he 's saying it 's inevitable . 
  that does n't mean you have the right to be anywhere you choose . 
  i did n't choose to be born into my family but that does n't change that my parents inheritance belongs to no one but me . 
  i am aware of that . 
  i just think it 's ridiculous as a concept . 
  it 's also pretty common to argue that something is a `` human right '' just because the un decided so . 
  it 's not about being `` born in a rich country '' . 
  the us is far richer than sweden but i do n't expect them to treat me better or even equally to their own nationals . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  a nation is n't even ~ ~ allowed ~ ~ supposed to prioritize their nationals ? 
  that is truly beyond stupid . 
  well sure . 
  i think cultural marxism is a good term but it is used often in the wrong context and for the wrong reasons . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's either a conspiracy theory or someone who wrongly calls cultural relavitism by the wrong name . 
  i 'm aware it was under different circumstances . 
  my point is that one should n't think of it so obvious that us soldiers arrested in foreign nations means war . 
  an american soldier sat in mexican jail for quite some time before anything was done , no ? 
  if you honestly believe this you are beyond delusional . 
  that has absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  the people who want to leave want to do so because self-determination and decentralized power is something they value . 
  the ` greater than thou ' mentality from people who think that they should rule over and dictate the lifes of as many as possible for `` the greater good '' are unbelievably arrogant and egoistic , not the other way around . 
  it takes power from the many and gives it to the few . 
  mostly the incompetent bureaucratic few . 
  it 's pretty arrogant to think that egoism and `` xenophobia '' is the only possible reason to oppose a continuesly centralizing supranational organization . 
  the only reason immigration is a burden ( if you remove external things like culture , social change etc ) is because of the welfare state . 
  the welfare state can * never * have open borders simply because it required productive members . 
  immigration to the us in the 19th century worked so well precisely because government was barely involved in life at all and did n't have any responsibility or care if you where productive . 
  now you can argue whther or not a welfare state is good but the only way to make the current migrants profitable is either through a surge in work ethics and proper ( re ) education and cultural assimilation . 
  they can indeed do that . 
  i remember the eu court forced us to put in a metadata storage law and later said we had to remove it . 
  are you seriously telling me that as a citizen you have equal influence over government in a small nation like luxemburg as you have in influencing the eu ? 
  nigel said in an interview he thinks the label `` classical liberal '' fits them well . 
  libertarianism is pretty closely related so yeah , one could argue they are similair . 
  regarding homosexual marriage i 'd say ukip is for it theoretically but nigel said in an interview that legalizing it while in the eu could lead to faith communities being forced by law to grant marriage to homosexuals despite their religious beliefs , much like we have here in sweden . 
  that 's a complete red herring . 
  who says i am for interventionism ? 
  the issue there is external aggression from a big centralized state . 
  hardly an argument against decentralisation of power . 
  one can have military alliances without supranational institutions . 
  sure but , it will hardly increase sweden 's autonomy if the eu gets more centralized . 
  i do love me some captain sweden . 
  i understand the argument however i disagree . 
  i am not concerned with the euro as i am perfectly happy with sweden keeping our own currency and interest rates . 
  i do not agree on your definition of `` long term benefits '' . 
  i feel autonomy is very important for the self-determination of the swedish people . 
  economic independance regarding interest rates are extremely important . 
  the euro has n't exactly been stable . 
  i do . 
  my country , sweden , can very well rule itself without the eu . 
  a federation would definitely not improve out autonomy . 
  yes . 
  i firmly believe decentralization of power is important . 
  it guarantees sovereignty of not just the state , but the people . 
  yes and no . 
  i am in favour of decentralizing legislative powers heavily . 
  it is still an attempt to further centralize the eu . 
  precisely because you want them to do the same . 
  are you willing to risk your own opinion 's freedom for the chance to push down someone else 's ? 
  i know their opinion is n't illegal or anything but just using deragotory terms against them and dismissing them as evil is taking that path . 
  all those labels are irrelevant to my statement . 
  you are saying that if i want an ethical discussion i * have * to come to the same conclusion as you otherwise it is false and evil . 
  there 's a difference between disagreeing and thinking everyone who disagrees with you are some sort of hitler in the making . 
  precisely . 
  you do not tolerate their opinion while at the same time complaining that they do not tolerate gays . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  it frustrates me that people on / r/europe , and people in general , think that the only possible reason they feel like this is because they are evil gay-hating opressing depressed people searching for someone to bash . 
  it 's ridiculous and filled with ad hominem . 
  there 's no need to agree with someone but for fucks sake show some respect of opinons . 
  it 's not like they 're murdering people . 
  i 've read every single comment in this thread and only one was positive . 
  you are like a last standing bastion of conservatism on / r/europe . 
  hardly strange . 
  93 years old with a barely functioning brain . 
  if you sanctions a country and they respond is that `` unjustified '' simply because you think your sanctions are justified ? 
  that one time they fucked up the red army . 
  i can see what you mean but the influnce they 've gained is over other countries than themself . 
  the eu is structured so that smaller countries do have a `` cap '' on how little power they can have population-wise but i think the centralisation and loss of self-governing to a supranational government is worse still . 
  the fact that eu has legislative power which undermines the right for national self-determination . 
  oh , i thought he was dead . 
  well then . 
  `` dangerous '' only because france and germany are very dominant thanks to the eu . 
  death unresolved means they do n't know the cause . 
  not quite sure i agree . 
  political apathy is a bad thing regardless of which opinion people hold . 
  i think it 's one of those political issues no one * really * cares about so when this one dude does the others just go `` oh , fine '' since they ca n't be bothered to actually argue against it . 
  it really is n't excessive to call it very large though . 
  we take in [ far more ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/dec/02/sweden-oecds-highest-per-capita-asylum-seekers-syria ) than other eu nations . 
  unfortunately a majority of the swedish population thinks this way or even more radical . 
  yes but what we 're talking about now is whether or not it benefits us , short or long term , with a very high immigration rate . 
  there is a very large amount of asylum seekers though . 
  well by immigration that 's mostly what people mean .
