   do you have any examples on your mind ? 
  i 'd love to address any . 
   amalekites , specifically their genocide . 
  dup : a single political party supported by a very small amount of people with extreme views that undemocratically will have influence over the government of millions of people islam : monolithic group of over a billion people , each with their own interpretations of the religion and political ideas . 
  it 's not anti-muslim , it 's anti-sharia . 
  it 's simultaneously anti-dup . 
  no , i 'm not , but i follow politics in both ni and the republic . 
  i 'm well aware of the fact that they wo n't be able to do much with the larger , more moderate conservative party at the helm , but the fact that these power have influence now is still scary . 
  also minor nitpick : dup have 10 seats not 8 , unless something 's changed . 
  are you following the news ? 
  they 're going to be part of the national government with theresa may in a coalition . 
  after theresa may lost her majority hold on parliament , she had to form a coalition , as it is required for a government to have a majority in parliament ( 326 seats ) . 
  she had 319 seats and the dup had 10 seats , so if they form a coalition , they can make a government . 
  the dup were fairly irrelevant until now . 
  they are a regional party , which means only people in a certain area of the country can vote for them , in this case , northern ireland . 
  basically to explain the dup i would have to explain centuries of religious turmoil in ireland but tl ; dr protestants make up 60 % of ni , catholics make up 40 % ( again , massive simplification and these are n't actual stats ) . 
  the dup is basically a party of protestant extremists who want to stay in the uk while sinn fein , their leftist and largely catholic opponents in ni want to leave . 
  so basically , the answer to your question is : right-wing irish protestants . 
  after theresa may lost her majority hold on parliament , she had to form a coalition , as it is required for a government to have a majority in parliament ( 326 seats ) . 
  she had 319 seats and the dup had 10 seats , so if they form a coalition , they can make a government . 
  the dup were fairly irrelevant until now . 
  they are a regional party , which means only people in a certain area of the country can vote for them , in this case , northern ireland . 
  basically to explain the dup i would have to explain centuries of religious turmoil in ireland but tl ; dr protestants make up 60 % of ni , catholics make up 40 % ( again , massive simplification and these are n't actual stats ) . 
  the dup is basically a party of protestant extremists who want to stay in the uk while sinn fein , their leftist and largely catholic opponents in ni want to leave . 
  so basically , the answer to your question is : right-wing irish protestants . 
  they basically are , combined with the sort of street violence and thuggery you get from nazism ( before anyone jumps down my throat i 'm not saying they 're nazis ) . 
  they want a government based off of religious law , i 'm not sure what else you can call them . 
  i was obviously being facetious , but the dup is in government . 
   why did the universe randomly explode into being if he does n't exist ? 
  there 's a million books and theories on that . 
  afaik there is n't an explanation for my issue . 
  i 'd be happy for you to direct me for one if you know of one , and that sounds like i 'm being condescending but i 'm genuinely curious . 
  fptp will do that to a nation . 
  but it 's literally what you said but in different terms . 
  ` god moves in mysterious ways ' just means that you do n't know why god did that , but he still did it . 
  it 's what you said when i talked about god 's ability to create a universal bible . 
   there are 0 countries ruled by dup have you been following the news ? 
  i did n't make it i 'm afraid . 
  i found the poster in the comments of a different sub . 
   not when there is no logic or any sense of knowledge , such as after death or universe creation . 
  these are two pillars of religion , and neither questions can be answered , hence why religion is still so big . 
  no , i 'm talking about how it does n't make sense to believe in something that does n't make sense i.e the ` moves in mysterious ways ' argument . 
   really silly candidates https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjvrockfnbq, 
   belief is different than knowing yes , but surely belief needs to be backed up by logic . 
   it 's like me asking you what the real purpose of life is ? 
  except according to you , ( or who your playing devil 's advocate for , christians ) you know the purpose of life , it 's just your purpose does n't make any sense and you refuse to challenge it . 
   what is the dup ? 
  after theresa may lost her majority hold on parliament , she had to form a coalition , as it is required for a government to have a majority in parliament ( 326 seats ) . 
  since she had 119 seats and the dup had 10 seats , so if the form a coalition , they can make a government . 
  the dup were fairly irrelevant until now . 
  they are a regional party , which means only people in a certain area of the country can vote for them , in this case , northern ireland . 
  basically to explain the dup i would have to explain centuries of religious turmoil in ireland but tl ; dr protestants make up 60 % of ni , catholics make up 40 % ( again , massive simplification and these are n't actual stats ) . 
  the dup is basically a party of protestant extremists who want to stay in the uk while sinn fein , their leftist and largely catholic opponents in ni want to leave . 
  so basically , the answer to your question is : right-wing irish protestants . 
   what is sharia law ? 
  islamic law code based on the quran . 
  that is a massive cop out . 
  you ca n't just pull ` god moves in mysterious ways ' when you lose an argument just so you get the last word . 
  i ca n't even propose a counter-point to that , because you ca n't make a counter-point to someone refuse to examine their own beliefs . 
  dup are a regional party , which means only people in a certain area of the country can vote for them , in this case , northern ireland . 
  basically to explain the dup i would have to explain centuries of religious turmoil in ireland but tl ; dr protestants make up 60 % of ni , catholics make up 40 % ( again , massive simplification and these are n't actual stats ) . 
  the dup is basically a party of protestant extremists who want to stay in the uk while sinn fein , their leftist and largely catholic opponents in ni want to leave . 
  so basically , the answer to your question is : right-wing irish protestants . 
  are you joking ? 
  why ? 
  he literally created both logic and us ( according to christians ) , he could have created us in such a way that we could have had a universal bible , and of course he could do what he likes when dealing with us . 
  the two sides have a lot of similarities and a lot of differences , this post highlights some of the similarities . 
  lovely , civilised discussion , 
  has n't this meme been debunked like a million times now ? 
  it 's called ` diplomacy ' not that you right-wingers would know about it since your ideas of it are ` bomb the civilians there might be a terrorist amongst them ' and ` let 's side with the totalitarian state because they have lovely lovely oil ' . 
  well not really because horseshoe theory is related to left-wing and right-wing . 
  generally muslims are not communist and sharia law certainly is n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure this idea that ` lefty scum love islam and communism and hate freedom freedom reeeeeee ' is basically built from a misunderstanding : we defend muslims because we do n't think people should be discriminated against because of religion . 
  we do not defend religion itself , or at least the vast majority do n't ( those that are religious often are pretty relaxed about religion or have a weird interpretation of it ) . 
  no , the dup are just weird . 
  bear in mind they got like 1.2 % of votes . 
  that said only those living in northern ireland could vote for them . 
  yeah , alright mate . 
  lol this post is anti-sharia , unless you 're being sarcastic . 
  well policing the length of a woman 's hair is n't too much better than making them cover it , but i see your point . 
  i believe it stands for ` queer ' , not too sure though . 
  i believe it 's used as a sort of catch-all for sexual minorities . 
  i mean , he 's god i 'm sure he could find a way . 
  how so ? 
  surely if god is so great he would create a book ( or have it be created ) that is universal rather than subjective based on time and geography . 
   if the woman be not covered , let her also be shorn this seems to imply that having one 's head uncovered and being ` shorn ' are two separate things . 
  i do n't understand that worldview . 
  is it the fault of the average english person that rich people fucked over ireland ? 
  did a working-class steel-worker , or farmer , or textile-worker etc. 
  decide to commit genocide ? 
  people only seem to hold that opinion when it is politics that they disagree with . 
  prior to what / pol / might be telling you , leftists , in general , do n't support sharia law . 
  international news sources have been reporting on the election in all of those countries . 
  you 'd have saved a lot of time by just googling it but i may as well just tell you : they 're a far-right ( like right of trump ) party in northern ireland . 
  their founder was a leading figure and ally of several right-wing terrorist organisations such as the uvf and the uda . 
  actually this election was probably a pyrrhic victory for the right . 
  for context theresa may called this election ( pms can do that here ) to increase here majority so that she could have a more firm control of the country . 
  when she called the election , polls said she 'd win by a landslide . 
  over the next few weeks , however , she introduced more policies which were seen negatively ( i.e dementia tax , and regulating the internet ) . 
  in just a month it went from tories ( theresa may 's party ) getting a landslide victory in the polls to her actually losing seats .
