  the ibm data hack in sweden is an example of what the corporates can get away with . 
  restrict it heavily . 
  capitalism can exist if it serves humanity and civilization ( implicit in that is the environment ) . 
  and fwiw i 'm in favor of increasing immigration volume so long as they are required to adopt national customs to the best of their ability , although admittedly sweden 's a bit saturated right now compared to its neighbors . 
   outside the eu , it has contacts with tomislav nikoli\u0107 of the serbian progressive party ( formerly of the serbian radical party ) , [ 102 ] [ 111 ] [ 112 ] the swiss people 's party , [ 113 ] the israeli likud , [ 114 ] [ 115 ] the u.s. republican party [ 116 ] and the united russia party . 
  [ 111 ] the fp\u00d6 are such patriots ... 
  and it just so happened that most of these so called nationalists have business and/or intellectual ties with the american far right ( farage , le pen , and wilders all looked up to the trump wing of the gop ) . 
  but of course they 'll prioritize authentic austrian values , not guns and wall street . 
  trump is n't behind these sanctions . 
  and let me guess , it 's rich people with deep ties to the us who are presenting themselves as nationalists and champions of the working class ? 
  wilders might be less opposed to austerity now , as he aligns more with the american right , but he 's also quite a bit more of a pariah than he was back at the beginning of the decade . 
  these sanctions are n't about ukraine . 
  they 're about russian interference in american elections , which the us has every right to fight . 
  so which is more important , the right of the us and eu to have free and open elections or your economy ? 
  it 's not trump proposing this . 
  it 's congress seeking to punish russia for legally and ethically questionable behaviors that helped him win . 
  sadly , in many countries it 's a tough choice because neither left , right , nor center had a path to a workable minority without them . 
  especially countries with a great american influence or strong admiration for the us ( uk , netherlands , and the nordic countries are the former and the v4 are the latter ) . 
   aurizberri looks like it 's in navarre from googling . 
  not the official basque country . 
  still a neat looking village ; looks more central or eastern european than basque/iberian . 
  where would you say i am politically in sweden ? 
  i 'm a bit far-left and a bit center-right in my opinion ( i 'm fine with some degree of cultural conservatism and nationalism and i 'm still kind of apathetic on gay marriage even though i personally support it , but i 'm ** strongly ** in favor of economic redistribution , nonviolence , and and climate justice ) . 
   1 ) no you ca n't compare the us to what 's happening in turkey . 
  i do n't see how the us right now is an authoritarian state , you still have satirical stuff about dt , the opposition is not being censored , people marching against him are not getting arrested , you can insult your president and not go to jail etc  maybe i mean undemocratic . 
  most americans either do n't vote or their vote does n't count ( because of gerrymandering , suppression , fptp , etc ) . 
  it 's not as ham-fistedly repressive as turkey , but it still is far from democratic . 
  only like 20 % of americans actually support republican policies ; the rest either can not practically vote or get ignored . 
  in an actual democracy , there 'd be majority rule and the republicans would be forced to cooperate . 
  2 ) maybe you have a point , but high voter turnout keeps extremists ( like trump on the one hand or avowed communists on the other ) out of power . 
  3 ) i mean like in a utilitarian sense . 
  if your policies are killing people , do n't you deserve to maybe get a pie thrown at you or to be the victim of an `` accidental '' bank error ? 
  there needs to be a balance , and one more in favor of united humanity than exists today . 
  you should have nations that exist to preserve cultures and serve their citizens but that are culturally or legally required to do so in ways that do n't harm those born outside their borders . 
  it sounds naive now , but for a 50-year goal i think we can make a ton of progress in that direction . 
  i mentioned no inherent right . 
  countries should exist to protect cultural and ethnic groups , local languages and traditions , and to improve the standard of living for humanity as a whole . 
  they do n't have an inherent right outside of what they contribute to human betterment and cultural diversity . 
  i 'm a weird mix of far left ( on most things ) and center right ( on culture and traditions ) , and i 'll admit to being an odd duck . 
  you mentioned ethnic nationalism . 
  i 'm in favor of cultural nationalism . 
  and i think that countries have no inherent rights ... they are groups of humans , and if they want to hog the money , healthcare , and education when other , equal humans ca n't have them that 's detestable and should be protested by any nonviolent means . 
  favoring highly skilled migrants when some economists think more open borders to the working class could make a huge dent in world poverty is cruel and evil . 
  i have my views forged in the us and i know what right wing rule is like , so maybe that 's why i come across as radical . 
   ignoring individual rights context ? 
  and nice insult at the end . 
  it 's my belief that the role of politics is to remove suffering from the world . 
  most people could , if they really wanted , adopt british and even say yorkshire customs and become somewhat of a yorkshireman . 
  the current system is just the rich protecting each other and continuing the unjust lottery of birth . 
  mild ethnic nationalism based on culture while providing a route for any motivated person to become a european is less classist than the current system based on attracting more rich people . 
  1 ) is an extension of europe 's policy with erdogan to the us , acknowledging that voter deregistration , gerrymandering , incarceration , and lobbying as well as the lack of representation for the opposition effectively make it an authoritarian state . 
  2 ) is a way to increase youth voting . 
  the biggest problem in the us is that the old vote more than the young and are failing to accumulate wisdom in this age of information . 
  3 ) policies on ending suffering ( foreign aid , healthcare , and immigration ) should think of the world , particularly the neediest people that france can assimilate . 
  nations do n't have rights , individuals do and humanity as a whole does . 
  there is no right to capitalism ( property rights imo only apply to individuals and capitalism when it exists should be subordinated to the people and particularly the working class , ideally via the political process ) and my regulation of nationalism i admit is poorly worded . 
  there should be more emphasis on culture rather than skills to prevent the rich from building a wall around resources , and there should be more willingness to give money and healthcare to the needy and to promote social democracy . 
  politicians should be expected to think of the world as a whole . 
  because culture is something people can change if they work hard , in most cases , and it does n't disadvantage the working class . 
  i hope in a couple generations we 're at the point where poverty is largely eradicated worldwide outside for a few backward pockets and every human has healthcare . 
   thirdly , `` regulation of nationalism '' . 
  this sounds so authoritarian that i can hardly even imagine it . 
  the party in government in scotland is a civic nationalist political party . 
  politics in northern ireland is carefully balanced ( or meant to be ) between unionist and nationalist parties . 
  how exactly would you `` regulate nationalism '' ? 
  put snp members in re-education camps until they are british enough ? 
  meaning that forms of nationalism that cause suffering to humans should n't be socially acceptable and should n't be represented in parliament . 
  i 'm not opposed to people expressing what they believe but there should be constitutional limits on how extreme nationalist policies can be . 
  i 'm fine with culturally based limits on immigration , but hard numerical or skill walls that one ca n't assimilate across end up creating suffering for those born outside the uk . 
  as for the healthcare thing , i 'm mainly talking about legislators like our congress or austerity politicians ... i do n't see individuals as more important than humanity as a whole . 
  where would i fit politically ? 
  he was granted us residency and the doctors ( quacks ??? ), 
  offering to treat him were americans . 
  learning about how one 's country is viewed in europe is a part of learning about europe . 
  it 's also much easier for americans to learn the complexities of how they 're viewed online when you consider how expensive airfare is and how little vacation or disposable income they have . 
  so says someone with a north korean flair . 
  and even a lot of the things that we/they did help out on were cleaning up their messes ; the nazis rose to power in part because of an american stock market crash . 
  maybe a world without the usa would 've been less liberal and democratic , but at least to some extent maybe economic neoliberalism has gone too far ( and much of the dna of western democracy predates 1776 ) . 
   the fact that many americans seem to be blissfully unaware of how poles apart obama and trump are viewed internationally is a strong indicator in itself of differences between us policy and that of the rest of the world , and especially europe , speaking as someone from there it 's the area i have most awareness of , anyway . 
  simply the fact that we 're talking about the group of 19 - a bloc that includes every major non-us economy , developed and developing , from china to france to russia to saudi arabia - shows how internationally isolated the american right wing is . 
   since 2000, 
  so the stereotype of eastern europeans viewing western europe as a den of terrorism and violence does n't exist outside of the alt right ? 
  scandinavian cultures at least as portrayed in american pop culture have an almost idealistic work culture . 
  30-40 hours a week , no overtime , no even answering emails after work hours , and basically an introvert/mildly asperger 's utopia . 
  so you 're basically the swedish/scandinavian/nordic work and social culture up to eleven ? 
  no , but i 'm implying that the poor integration of immigrants in europe is mainly attributable to how many of them are lower and lower-middle-class muslims from specific countries . 
  african , asian , and latin american immigrants are generally not seen as nearly a problem or a threat . 
  still , that mainly reflects the very high % of deeply conservative muslims among immigrants to europe . 
  immigrants to the us tend to be religiously similar to other americans and those who do profess islam generally are upper-middle-class ( the stereotypical pakistani doctor comes to mind ) . 
  non-muslim immigrants in many if not most european countries do just fine : all of the nordic countries , germany , france , belgium , spain , italy , etc. 
  you never hear about congolese immigrants blowing people up in a marketplace or vietnamese ghetto suburbs . 
  in many of the european countries i 've visited , race is n't really a thing that impacts diversity in itself . 
  a black person raised to be danish or swedish is seen as less foreign than a polish or italian immigrant . 
  the us is also pretty [ religiously homogeneous ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/06/countries-religious-diversity_n_5093551.html ) compared to many european countries . 
  the only real diversity in the us is skin color ; most americans are either english - or spanish-speaking and are either catholic or protestant . 
  the us is ethnically about as diverse as [ spain and less diverse than belgium , switzerland , or canada . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e5/list_of_countries_ranked_by_ethnic_and_cultural_diversity_level%2c_list_based_on_fearon%27s_analysis.png/1200px-list_of_countries_ranked_by_ethnic_and_cultural_diversity_level%2c_list_based_on_fearon%27s_analysis.png ), 
  [ presumably just like how french people living outside france can vote for french politicians . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constituencies_for_french_residents_overseas ), 
  just wait until kosovo becomes a great power in 2107 .
