  i 'm just brainstorming . 
  i 'm not endorsing any of those specific solutions !, 
  i 'm just saying that the countries of europe are constantly complaining about brain drain and a shortage of skilled labor and do n't seem to be willing to think outside of the box . 
  because some countries ( cough cough ) have offered to give them welfare without demanding either that they work or that they show willingness to integrate . 
  the result is that , along with many bona fide refugees hundreds of thousands of con men , moochers , and criminals from africa and asia have taken advantage of that situation . 
  oh , thanks for correcting . 
  i thought that low wage jobs were also widely offered to non-speakers , like the stereotype of the polish plumber or bus driver . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/1369183x.2013.778037?scroll=top&amp;needaccess=true&amp; http://m.spiegel.de/international/europe/a-915481.html http://www.newsinenglish.no/2013/10/31/underclass-emerges-as-jobs-dry-up/, 
  you at least speak english . 
  i have heard some northern cities literally have camps of homeless job seekers from the southern countries , so i 'd avoid those . 
  the eu economy wo n't take off until it really functions as one labor market ... do your part for europe !, 
  because the problems in italy have to do with the local economy . 
  if you move to the netherlands or germany or scandinavia ( finland is excluded since they have one of the highest unemployment rates in the eu ) you can probably find the same menial job at eur 15/hr with all sorts of benefits you do n't get in italy . 
  afaik most menial jobs do n't require the local language if you already speak english . 
  may the balkans not get any more balkanized . 
  she 's in hungary ? 
  it 's partially a joke , but most people around the world are descended either from indigenous people or legal immigrants , and in those countries where that is n't the case there are generally sincere attempts to make things right with those who came before . 
  and it 's not the ethnic nationalism that scares me so much as the fanatical capitalism , opposition to science , and ignorance of the rights of other nations . 
  if there was no poverty or war or developing countries , i 'd be strongly ethnically nationalist with immigration for fully assimilated people only . 
  nazi germany came about similarly . 
  a minority party was democratically elected into a position where they were able to gain absolute power . 
  that should never be allowed , no country where that can happen is fully legitimate , and anyone who writes that off as being a sore loser is supporting an illegitimate and undemocratic system . 
  and the eu should do more to wean its members off fptp for exactly that reason . 
  any government in which the majority of voters do n't have influence is in my opinion flatly illegitimate although that 's just my opinion . 
  the difference is that the whole us system is skewed rightward , and that you 'd require 38 states in order to end fptp at the federal level while in the uk you just require a majority in parliament . 
  the us system is so sclerotic that in my opinion it wo n't reform without a collapse or worse . 
  tories won a plurality of seats and votes . 
  did n't win majority of either . 
  and if you include libertarians most people voted for non conservatives . 
  still , of the world 's two oldest democracies can screw up like this it makes democracy as a whole look bad, 
  does that include coalition partners ? 
  look at the presidential and congressional popular vote . 
  it is not a self ruling country but one ruled by a small minority . 
  if that happened in an eu member they 'd be sanctioned to high heaven . 
  orange in california is named after the fruit , the orange . 
  and i do n't . 
  same thing with turkey and venezuela . 
  it 's their system too . 
  so i ca n't even buy like a terrace house in northern england ? 
  until the us lifts every native american above the poverty line or at least makes a fair attempt ( comparable to canada and australia ) to reconcile with the real americans , it 's an illegitimate regime that should be fought with any nonviolent means . 
  you who consider it a legitimate country and him a legitimate winner are , in my honest opinion , incorrect and maybe a bit naive . 
   election system of democracies will always create unfairness to some degree , but as long as every relevant party accepts the system because there is no excessive advantage for one party , elections are legitimate . 
  there is a significant slant in that the electoral college + gerrymandering make it easy for the right to take complete power when the left and center ( including libertarians ) get 53 % of the presidential and 57 % of the senate popular vote . 
  that 's no country worth recognizing and every european who considers him legitimate is another neville chamberlain , even though they may not be actively malicious . 
  a rigged situation that favors the right even though they have never fairly won for any presidential or congressional election since eisenhower . 
  electoral college + fptp + gerrymandering + voter suppression + dirty tricks . 
  maybe i 'm a bit more hardline , but i actually * live * under this us system so i 've realized that it will take either violence or sanctions to reform it most likely , and since violence is horrible i 'm trying to get europe on board for sanctions . 
  because of the way that the constitution is , any major changes to fptp or the electoral college require the consent of dozens of red states . 
  meaning that clinton , stein , and johnson won a majority of the vote but are unrepresented . 
  same thing in congress . 
  i myself do n't even consider the us legitimate unless it really makes things right with the natives , but that 's neither here nor there . 
  i also feel like europe collectively is going full neville chamberlain on him and putin , and demeaning me because i do n't think the us is legit is kinda sad and not what i 'd expect of tolerant europe . 
  maduro and erdogan won according to their rules . 
  so xid yanukowhatever in ukraine . 
  the criteria would be either with rail commuter access or very close in . 
  i 'm not afraid of the suburbs . 
  [ looks like it 's enough to get me residency in malta at least . 
  ] ( http://www.walshww.com/malta-residency-permit-self-sufficient-person/ ) good luck finding anything there but i 'd imagine owning a home worth $ 50k would do it . 
  so then , no immigration except by marriage ? 
  so you 're saying something like [ this ] ( https://www.imovirtual.com/anuncio/apartamento-t3-convertido-em-t2-mercado-com-100-financiamento-idpjva.html#gallery[1] ) or [ this ] ( https://www.habitaclia.com/comprar-piso-solo_inversores_nuda_propiedad-barcelona-i5226002681902.htm?geo=d&amp;coddists=800&amp;list=true ) is likely to be a hot mess ? 
   only thing you can really buy for that cash and rent to someone is a super cheap house in hicksville and i 'd imagine that you likely would struggle to rent it out for an amount that would cover taxes + hiring someone to manage it + maintenance , especially as it 's likely to be an older , wooden house . 
  so europe should continue to import devoutly religious people from the middle east and north africa over those who share european culture ? 
  fwiw , i hear middle class american expats do n't integrate so i 'd favor monitoring them as well . 
  even though they 're both eligible for citizenship by descent , a quarter italian from argentina would likely integrate more easily than a quarter italian from new jersey . 
  the point is that many eu countries already have citizenship by descent , and unless it also includes adopted children it is effectively genetically based immigration . 
  trying to scratch out a middle ground on immigration that does n't privilege the already rich but does n't lead to to the current mess of tensions in much of central and northern europe . 
  i 'm trying to stake out a moderate position in between the pro- and anti-immigrant camps in europe . 
  what 's so weird about that ? 
  so you 'd rather have a saudi or pakistani doctor versus a poor venezuelan of 1/2 german ancestry or a nicaraguan catholic farmer ? 
  and those are generally upper-middle-class , generally well educated , and raised in a center-left household . 
  i can see why many europeans react negatively to my proposal of increasing working class american immigration if even they fail to integrate . 
  but i thought american expats in general were progressive and generally sanders supporters . 
  i ca n't believe you have those types and i 'm sorry you have to deal with that sort of behavior . 
  i think we can both agree then that social democracy is a fragile equilibrium and must be viciously guarded . 
  how exactly depends , but most european countries by now are quite a bit more beholden to corporate oligarchs than they should be . 
  some forms of capitalism , where capitalism is treated as simply the most functional way to run an economy instead of as a fundamental human right , are the best systems ever . 
  think the nordic countries 10 years ago and indeed most of europe pre-crisis . 
  the problem is that these forms of capitalism will often degenerate into a worse state where lobbyists and the business elite have as much if not more power than elected officials with zero accountability to any nation . 
  you have seen it for decades in the us and you 're rapidly seeing brussels turn into a hive of lobbying and technically legal graft . 
  nobody has a problem imo with social capitalism except that it 's not clear as to whether it 's a sustainable equilibrium . 
  when a social capitalist state is competing against the us , and corporations are able to thrive better in the us , then there is huge pressure from the business sector to move away from social democracy . 
  imo it would require a complete ban on lobbying and private campaigning in order to prevent it from being corrupted . 
   what is inequality ? 
  how should you difine what to do ? 
  how do you make sure that the money spent to remove it is actually well used . 
  the other things you compared this to are comparibly easy to do as they are just a few adjustments to make it work , while fighting inequality means the work of the complete system just increase the tax rate on the rich to however much yields a 0.15 gini coefficient on income and redistribute the bonus money . 
  that 's a lot easier than rearranging the entire economy . 
  what experience do you have with poorly integrated americans ? 
  why ? 
  do you think that statement would be factually incorrect ? 
  i 'm not calling for sweden to take in all of them ... i 'm just saying they 'd assimilate better than fanatic muslims . 
  i lean towards supporting them because there is strong evidence that the president 's close allies illegally worked with them to spread propaganda and possibly offer quid pro quo . 
  that 's really nice . 
  the left and right always are in balance ; even countries elsewhere in europe do n't have that . 
  where in europe and from where previously ? 
  the us could 've gone that way . 
  the 2016 presidential election popular vote went 48 % dem , 46 % republican , 3 % libertarian ( ultra-neoliberal , basically secular republicans ) . 
  assuming that there 's no threshold that would likely mean a republican/libertarian coalition in a parliamentary system . 
  while mainstream parties most everywhere use events in the us as an excuse to move further right . 
  especially with congress forcing europe to choose between their troublesome neighbor russia and their erratic longtime ally .
