  not more stupid so much as `` knowing just enough to be dangerous '' . 
  before the internet , no one would be aware of these sorts of european stereotypes ; now , they know that there 's a large population of muslims in london but do n't know enough to realize that most of them are n't sharia zealots . 
  thanks . 
  i apologize for the idiots in my country and i hope you would if you were in the same position . 
  wow . 
  i 'm an idiot :d thanks so much for the correction . 
  so the migrants in , say , germany who are falling off the rolls are n't just living somewhere else in europe ? 
  schengen makes it impossible to track and contain asylum seekers . 
  republicans is also a political party in france . 
  had to do a double take there because in france the far right is pretty anti-american . 
  i 'm emphasizing that they have little in common aside from their humanity and general color ( most soap is beige , as are most whites ) . 
  it 's kind of a joke about just how vastly different black muslims and black non-muslims are perceived . 
  i was directed by multiple comments that i had excluded black europeans . 
  but there is a whole other can of worms there , with all sorts of negative perceptions associated with terrorism and sharia that do n't follow racial lines . 
  a barbadian and a somali have only a little more in common than a bar of soap does with the arc de triomphe . 
  i 'm phrasing it intentionally to compare/contrast with muslim immigrants i.e. 
  as an immigration and foreign policy issue . 
  third-generation black britons / ~ ~ frogs ~ ~ frenchmen/dutch are a completely different experience from active immigrants from africa and the west indies as well as ` foreign ' blacks who you see on tv and should be a different / r/askeurope post entirely that i might get to this weekend . 
  do n't want to saturate y' all too much , 
  is there anywhere in slovenia that does n't look like a fairy tale ? 
  thanks . 
  although the maritimes look pretty american too except newfoundland on street view . 
  as a matter of courtesy i do n't generally answer on this sub ( it 's called ask europe , not ask white people :d ) but who am i to judge ? 
  if it wasnt so top heavy that last block of flats would be awesome . 
  i thought a lot of the postwar immigration occurred as a result of the loophole when they granted everyone in the colonies citizenship in 1948 but did n't patch the residency hole until the early 1960s . 
  so it was a deliberate policy ? 
  thx, 
  why is everyone here downvoting me ? 
  is it because of the controversial thing i posted about immigration yesterday ? 
  i mean , turkey gets flak in a similar situation but at least the historic capital ( istanbul/constantinople/konstantiniyye ) was is predominantly european . 
  why they moved it to ankara , i ca n't say . 
  i guess they liked it better that way . 
  are you as condescending towards germoney , svarje , and the other cold wooded countries up north ? 
  i agree , but it is very [ historically tied ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mesoamerica ) to parts of central america . 
  just imagine if kazakhstan began claiming itself as european ( the western sliver of thr country is considered by some to be in europe ) . 
   central america in the us , we go back and forth on whether mexico is central american . 
  it shares a lot of the language and ethnic groups but has a very different geography and economic base . 
  the only impacts would be indirect - more tension between eu members and more influence from nationalist parties and possibly more gridlock in national parliaments that could affect defense spending . 
  it 's kind of a chicken and egg problem ( which came first ? ), 
  but the past ten years have seen a stagnation or even decline in most people 's standard of living in both the us and europe , and increasingly in developing countries . 
  has a broken political system caused the downturn , or vice versa , is the only real question . 
  germany and france also have multiple decent cities among them that have close ties to the uk ( frankfurt , berlin , munich , hamburg , paris , lyon , marseille , and even lille ) . 
  ireland outside dublin has , what , cork and limerick ? 
  all the firms fleeing to germany , france , and dublin ( and scotland if it can negotiate independence ) could do it . 
  celtic tiger ( 1998-2008 ) rip . 
  referring to it like that sounds mildly nazi . 
  counting the z 's in the name also helps . 
  you 're not doing so bad nowadays . 
  i 'd say you 're almost in a new golden age , at least before house prices in norway went up and oil prices went down . 
  you arent a unified country . 
  only two are . 
  any `` western '' member plus slovenia and czech . 
  i 'm assuming that congress would block them regardless . 
  yes . 
  and vice versa . 
  i happen to believe that migration is a human right if you assimilate . 
  `` your country '' - it 's a direct bilateral agreement between one eu member and the us . 
  they 're mainly christian as in non-muslim and ethnically british , not christian as in active believers , right ? 
  i 'm sure they 'd laugh at a ghanaian preacher who tried to join their group . 
  technically if you can do something freelance you 're considered a business person under it . 
  not in terms of them actually staging the attacks ( i 'm not a whackjob ) , but in terms of them promoting measures for police to [ use guns more , yes even in the uk ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/11397427/police-officers-carry-guns-to-routine-call-outs.html ) , and to promote a surveillance environment i would n't be surprised if us media and lobbying are influential . 
  are they more like amish or more like american fundamentalists ? 
  they do n't seem to try to force themselves upon others as far as i can tell . 
  if absolutely necessary , black british . 
  sometimes black english/welsh/scottish . 
  the closest thing you have to a us style religious right . 
  like the bible belt in nl and rightist protestants in northern ireland . 
  i would n't advise it , but there are cases of people renouncing their us citizenship and living stateless in the eu . 
  if youre that desperate you can give it a try . 
  also , consider college in germany ( free for us citizens and you get a green card at the end ! ), 
  and daft in the netherlands . 
  i get the feeling americans are somewhere below africans and arabs in terms of being desirable candidates for immigration . 
  we really need our president to sign free migration with the eu but neither pay will discuss it here . 
  or just renounce your citizenship and live as a stateless illegal migrant . 
  loophole in us law . 
  you might consider lobbying your congressman to work for reciprocal migration . 
  yanks are probably the last immigrants most europeans want nowadays in the age of trump , below even somalis . 
  i wonder how much of the terrorism threat is a false flag from big gun/the nra . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  if you 're an american , for instance , you can work as a freelancer in the netherlands , and if you go to college in germany you can stay after you graduate . 
  nativist ( i.e. 
  anti-immigration ) = quite a bit behind most eastern european countries , especially hungary and slovakia . 
  nationalist = somewhat more so than average , although the complexity of the uk vs england dynamic makes that complex . 
  i 'd probably say latvia and estonia are the most nationalistic as a dumb american . 
  euroskeptic = easily the uk , unless you 're including non-eu countries like switzerland . 
  interesting that in that respect even the nordic countries are more `` traditional '' and `` family-oriented '' than the usa . 
  `` family values '' here mainly mean homophobic and/or racist pandering . 
  makes for [ good fiction ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sycamore_row ) , though . 
  that 's a really interesting post . 
  the us truly sits in its own lane among the world 's nations . 
  [ you deserve this ] ( https://laughingsquid.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/2013-11-15_1209.png ) . 
  dunno why you 're being downvoted bit for the duplicate posts . 
  and i imagine cuba will be much less likely to sign up to a ttip style deal than any country in europe . 
  i 'm hopeful that it could show the way for a new form of capitalism based on entrepreneurs rather than global corporations . 
   nevertheless , if i had to live in any dictatorship , i 'd choose cuba . 
  the country has done remarkably well at developing despite the harsh trade embargo that basically everywhere has against it . 
  the response to the famine after the ussr collapsed was impressive . 
  the castro government does seem very capable think most of the problems cuba faces come from the embargo , rather than the dictatorship . 
  my old politics teacher had some friends from back when she worked in government that had met fidel castro and found him amicable . 
    quite a few of these achievements came about because of the embargo .
