  made by companies based on or substantially owned by companies based in the us ? 
  lots . 
  stella artois ( busch ) , domino 's , mcdonald 's , hilton , marriott , best western , estee lauder , opel , merck , citibank , mastercard , coke , apple ... 
  i think the problem is thst it 's hard to identify whether something is an american product or not . 
  are opel cars , made by a gm subsidiary based in germany , american ? 
  what about esso gas stations , costa cruises , and sab beer ? 
  and from 190 + countries , including all the us ' major trading partners as well as maybe his beloved russia . 
  so does losing hundreds of years of civilization and human accomplishment to runaway climate change , disasters , famines , wars , and the mother of all recessions . 
  i 'm mainly surprised that sarkozy of all people is the first major european politician to call for sanctions on trump . 
  [ that 's his personal conviction . 
  from a policy perspective , he 's one of the toughest you 'll find . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/donald-trump-us-carbon-tax-nicolas-sarkozy-global-warming-paris-climate-deal-a7418301.html ), 
  i like the scandinavian arrangement . 
  there 's a two coalition system , but each coalition has an ever changing array of parties . 
  i do n't know the exact mechanism that it 's enforced ( i believe that it 's mainly that there 's one party controlled by unions that is a solid fixture and then allied and opposition parties grow around it , at least in sweden though ) . 
   sarkozy he 's the opposite of a climate change denier . 
  he 's called for punitive taxes on american goods if trump follows his pledges with regards to the climate , something no sitting european head of state or government has proposed . 
  imhyo ( in my humble yankee opinion ) i like the relative lack of surprises . 
  fptp can yield a trump , a duterte , or a brexit ( although in the former , it was helped by the fact that we have an electoral college that 's some ungodly bastard form of a parliament and clinton would likely have won otherwise ) , while proportional systems can result in either crazy coalitions or repeated gridlock ( cough spain cough syriza ) . 
  i personally think that either two-round systems ( france ) , irv-type systems ( maine ) , or proportional systems with a strong two-coalition system ( scandinavia ) tend to be the best . 
  realistically , though , there is almost no real difference between white americans who are of polish , italian , greek , or swedish extraction . 
  they 'll all generally eat the same food , have the same accent , wear the same clothes , listen to the same music , and as mediated by class have the same family structure and voting habits . 
  while the us has moderately more racial diversity than most great european nations ( although that 's an artifact of decolonization ) , it scores very low in regional and cultural diversity . 
  can all of them vote in french elections ? 
  i know there 's an mep from new caledonia . 
  legally , most of them are as much a part of france as picardy or provence . 
  if you 're not including them as french , you are n't including alaska and hawaii as american . 
  you also have a muslim state ( mayotte ) , several black majority states ( the above , guadeloupe , guyane , and martinique ) , two heavily asian ones ( reunion and guyane ) , and three south pacific ones ( french polynesia , wallis , new caledonia ) . 
  i meant relative to its size . 
  nepal ( never colonized ) and goa ( portuguese ) are both accepted as fully south asian . 
  exactly the same , actually . 
  sochi in asia ??? 
  but parts of kazakhstan in europe ????? 
  i agree . 
  [ i 'm glad i aged out of it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/blunderyears/ ) ; even though some of my criticisms of us culture and domestic/foreign policy have stood the test of time , i have utterly disavowed violence and would rather be gandhi than john brown or robespierre . 
  really , both the two-party and the lots-of-parties systems are flawed . 
  france ( as well as countries with instant runoff ) seems to have a happy medium . 
  in english we generally call that a plurality . 
  also , there is n't really a clear ethnic divide either . 
  there are slavic russians as well as minorities on both sides of the border , and the ethnic makeup is pretty similar for hundreds of km either way . 
  it 's not like istanbul , a cultural melting pot 300km from the bulgarian border . 
  yup , that 's it . 
  step 4 : profit, 
  do you consider georgia and armenia european ? 
  yeah , i forked it into a new thread . 
  thanks american schools !, 
  in the us , the convention is ural mountains =  ural river through kazakhstan =  the caucasus =  istanbul . 
  personally , i prefer the volga because it avoids the paradox of western kazakhstan being in europe while also being in central asia, 
  oh , so you 're a member of the don master race ? 
  i 'm a member of team volga myself , although the division between the continents does n't make sense outside of istanbul . 
  okay , so i 'll push for open borders for all in that case . 
  i feel that as a progressive i 'll best serve humanity by having my vote heard twice . 
  think of it as chicago ballot stuffing ... the world 's rich enough to give everyone a decent life comparable to costa rica !, 
  yes , but most countries would hang their elected officials if they tried such a thing . 
  lobbying for more open immigration for americans and those in the developing world and promoting progressive politics wherever i live while still doing my civic duty as an american . 
  that 's what i 'm doing . 
  voting at home and fighting to push wherever i emigrate if i do to help out . 
  two voices for the price of one . 
  the right to life and dignity trumps the right to decide on your leaders . 
  if absolute monarchies once again yield good results , then we should consider them . 
  i happen to like the saudi system , where the people have input in local elections but at the end of the day there 's an oligarchy of the brightest people in the kingdom who have veto power . 
  the west right now , except canada , nz , ireland , and maybe iceland is too unstable for mass democracy . 
  i consider myself a centrist by european standards . 
  i 'm not calling for war . 
  i 'm just suggesting that your governments condemn trump instead of congratulating him and maybe close some consulates in protest . 
  i wonder why . 
  it definitely seems like a northern/eastern europe thing ... there are basically none in iberia . 
  after poland and hungary which already have populist leaders ( the latter , like trump , took over an existing party ) , and slovakia ( ymmv on whether smer is a right-wing populist party masquerading as social democrats ) , i 'd guess that denmark , sweden , latvia , or belgium could be next . 
  date formats . 
  trump 's first full day as president elect was november 9 ( 11/9/16 in usa , 9/11/16 in most european languages ) and i 'm hearing lots of comparisons on twitter making light of that coincidence . 
  ideally , all of europe would be open to high skilled workers from around the world . 
  the gusher of educated people fleeing the us might just be the spark that sets it off and offsets all the radical syrians . 
  i 'm talking about the nobly minded white man 's burden type , not the greedy exploitation type . 
  the ones that i can think of that were successful without major atrocities are : new zealand , maybe singapore , maybe the seychelles and mauritius , and arguably parts of south america and some of the caribbean islands . 
  the failure rate is almost as high as with communism . 
  i 'm not saying jack about refugees . 
  i 'm saying that you should take advantage of the stream of young and educated americans looking to get about by creating a stream of work visas for educated americans subject to them being culturally respectful . 
  a brain drain from the us is a terrible thing for the eu to waste . 
  sanctions , nationalization of american-owned businesses , increase the amount of visas given to americans subject to them pledging to respect european values ... and why is democracy so sacrosanct ? 
  i 've always supported it because it 's less bad than any other system , but at least in the occidental world that no longer seems clear . 
  colonialism is like communism and anarcho-capitalism . 
  sounds great on paper , yields shitty results . 
  you can count the number of colonies that turned into civilized western countries without any genocides on one hand . 
  trump and johnson got a majority combined . 
  they 're both nuts imo . 
  english is my first language pero i 'm better with accents in spanish . 
  i actually have been mistaken for a fair-skinned cuban on occasion when visiting miami ( i can do both a caribbean and an argentine accent along with iberian and generic latin american spanish , and in english can do a horrible rp british accent ) . 
  i guess i could pretend to be a rich white latino who grew up bilingual and went to an international school . 
  added a note explaining that this was me in high school . 
  seeing the 2000 , 2004 , and 2016 elections , does that surprise you in the slightest ? 
  my mom took my passport away from me and had me sent to a doctor because i wanted to kill bush before i turned 18 . 
  i do feel a bit vindicated after ( europe 's ) 9/11 this week , but i 'm a strict pacifist so i 've got no intention or support for violence . 
  better to punish the regressives in the marketplace than with the gun and bomb . 
  yeah . 
  i supported genocide for conservatives after 2004 and seriously considered going to iraq to fight the occupation . 
  i nearly converted to islam in 2005 and considered burning my passport . 
  grew outta it though . 
  they were n't . 
  i had those views in high school and early in uni so i 'm curious about your experiences . 
  should i pretend to be a white latin american ?
