  yes . 
  have you read about their new plans to regulate the internet ? 
  and is it included in the tax package or do you have to pay ? 
  passport or driver 's license , both of which cost # # #, 
  it should be on all three , though , and it 's being seriously discussed for hungary . 
  all of them are way outside the norms of what an eu democracy should be ... the uk seems to be almost as much like the us as france or denmark . 
  so it 's common to be anti-immigration but not hate the ethnic groups that send the most immigrants ? 
  i guess i need to stop reading the_donald . 
  that 's neat . 
  they should go to a country with more guns like france or germany though . 
  you 're a decent person . 
  the world needs more like you . 
  cheers !, 
  offering to help train our police in deescalating conflicts would be a start . 
  if i were to ask you how somalis are viewed i imagine i 'd get a different response . 
   back americans seem to get a raw deal . 
  yeah , even minor crimes ( playing with a toy gun in public , reaching into one 's pockets , resisting arrest etc ) can be capital with a fearful enough cop and a racist pro-police jury or judge . 
  i know europe ca n't save everyone who 's being killed or persecuted , but i 'd like to at least see you stand by us/them . 
  the native american situation is even worse !, 
   my only complain is that we 're having a huge spike in fundamental christians preaching around . 
  you can hardly move through the city center without having someone tell you that you 'll burn in hell unless you stop wanking . 
  be lucky you are n't getting american rednecks too . 
  they make those venezuelan protestants look like teddy bears . 
  these people share european language , religion , and ancestry even if they have a bit of a tan . 
  i 'm using the justification that many eastern bloc leaders used . 
  you also have to remember that mass deportation was n't really considered a crime until well into the 20th century ( indeed , numerous peace treaties mandated it into the 1920s ) and none of the powers in that area at the time ( soviet union , third reich , yugoslavia ) were known for having a good human rights record at the time . 
  [ sounds dutch . 
  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6a79fs/europeans_of_reurope_have_you_ever_encountered/dhcdi85/?context=3 ), 
  but are they deported first or jailed first ? 
  i 'd imagine if you 're a rejected asylum seeker from say uganda it might make more sense to stab someone in norway and serve 20 years in prison than go back to uganda . 
  meaning do they go to jail in denmark or are they sent home to serve their sentence ? 
  i 'd imagine that they would be a burden on the danish taxpayer . 
  trying to be as politically neutral as possible as it is likely a touchy subject . 
  i think it was horrible that they were kicked out of their homes , but i also recognize that many of them were ( or were suspected of being ) nazi sympathizers . 
  i mean i 'd like to see you be tougher on trump , but i also recognize the power imbalance between the us and any of the individual eu states as well as your respect for even vaguely democratic elections . 
  can the eu be fully competitive with the us and china without weakening the safety net ? 
  what a mess !, 
  native american music . 
  the difference is that most of these american genres arrived in europe over a sixty year period between the 1920s jazz age and the 1980s arrival of hip hop . 
  european genres have been playing ping pong with us music since the 1600s . 
  say 1910s, 
  ugh , i 'm using liberal in the sense of `` liberal democracy '' , meaning the spectrum between social democracy on the left and neoliberal conservatism on the right . 
  the one who you most respect for their achievements . 
  no , it 's / r/askeurope . 
  the nordic countries rank at or near the top of most per - capita , median rankings . 
  median income , corruption , poverty , happiness healthcare , science , metal bands , equality , business friendliness , etc. 
  having a social democratic culture that 's ingrained from childhood is a big part of it . 
   janteloven only should apply between individuals . 
  the world 's most successful countries should be proud of the cultures , including jante , that got them there . 
  and who knows how many climate change will kill ? 
  it 's not about most evil or sinister but most dangerous . 
  a loving but senile grandfather with access to nuclear weapons can do much more harm than an axe murderer armed only with an axe . 
  i can see both sides of the argument . 
  my belief about republicans is n't that they 're even that evil so much as [ they are dangerously incompetent in an ever smaller world that is dealing with unforgiving irreversible problems like climate change . 
  ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/mikenelsondestroyerofworlds ), 
  many major european cities on street view will have one or two `` american streets '' lined with mcmansions : count basiegracht https://goo.gl/maps/tf9pjnpksan2 3 vid\u00e4ngsv\u00e4gen https://goo.gl/maps/dcmbtaln2wn2 these in eindhoven and outside stockholm are the most faithfully executed i 've seen in europe . 
  if you can compete in eurovision and you have a working healthcare system , you 're european enough for me !, 
  i mean , if it had been an american plane you probably would see us bombing the living daylights out of the ukrainian rebels . 
  take that as you wish . 
  can not edit title to clarify . 
  is it more like your country or saudi arabia ? 
  meaning do you view it more like greece and serbia or more like saudi arabia and iraq ? 
  at least politically , i feel more at home in most developing countries than in the us . 
  yes , we all share language and religious background , but even countries like saudi arabia and myanmar are economically closer to europe than the american right wing . 
  admittedly , though , i 'm a straight , irreligious but not avowedly atheist man . 
  at least in the west , buddhism is generally practiced in a secular fashion . 
  there are many secular and even atheist buddhists . 
  you two and switzerland should form the bloc of countries with whiny francophone minorities . 
  i 'd have guessed a split between them , latin america , and maybe north africa or turkey . 
  kazakhstan russian community best in world they have crazy architecture and cycling team kazakhstan largest turkic country except for population . 
  * left-wing , progressive , or social democratic . 
  liberal in europe means libertarian . 
  the one thing i 'm proud about with the us more than anything else is our music . 
  it 's a shame that british people use our dialect , but the contributions of the us ( particularly the part from about memphis to new orleans ) to the western musical tradition is the thing that makes me proud to be an american !, 
  do yoooo rememburrrr when i 'm 99 % certain that 's not an actual northern irish accent . 
  thanks . 
  if you could please make sure the next ocean liner you send out of belfast does n't hit an iceberg , we 'd appreciate it . 
  oh , and could you please stop van morrison from singing in that fake american accent ? 
   we 're not bipartisan , so our partisanship is n't just left v. right . 
  i mean center-left vs. center-right ( the two main coalitions ) vs. sverigedemokraterna . 
   but i still do n't really understand what you mean , i 'm probably dumb . 
  [ bullshit like this . 
  your local newspaper ca n't have april fools day bc trump . 
  ] ( https://www.thelocal.se/20170331/swedish-and-norwegian-newspapers-ditch-april-fools-due-to-fake-news ), 
   charles i was the last monarch to try and wield absolute power ... which ended quite badly for him . 
  i guess you can say the results were a bit of a headache for him . 
  meaning that everything is seen as a left-right issue and your local issues are colored by foreign , often american or russian , figures like putin , soros , obama , and trump . 
  you do n't even have your own flag !, 
  sad !, 
  you literally took it home after a drunken bender in tallinn !, 
  who else has a taoiseach ? 
  hungary ? 
  there 's the strong precedent that the parliament can `` impeach '' a monarch , though . 
  the glorious revolution , cromwell , king john , and edward viii are examples . 
  so that makes sense . 
  it 's kind of like tech support ... the locals will then escalate it to their superiors within the party . 
  i 'm asking about how you get in touch with a member of parliament when there 's no one-to-one link between voters and members of parliament . 
  if you want to raise an issue , who do you reach out to ? 
  the member of your party who lives closest to you ? 
  but the majority of such incidents involved civilians attempting to murder police officers !,
