  just like in the us . 
  it 's always the former ones who speak their mind . 
  would you rather be in a swedish prison or a free man in zimbabwe or afghanistan ? 
  http://www.mediaite.com/online/donald-trump-forget-illegals-lets-ship-in-more-europeans/ i know it 's not his priority , but i 'll almost like him if he can pull this off and allow americans to access european jobs and healthcare as easily as other europeans . 
  trump iirc has called for the us to accept more european immigrants . 
  still , why ca n't you focus on people who can assimilate instead of somalis and afghans ? 
  you would take a redneck over a somali , right ? 
  because russians are europeans . 
  those are all political values that could change once they 're exposed to the luxuries of everyday life in europe . 
  it 's not like they 'd wall themselves off in europe . 
  ideally , yes . 
  but on the other hand , there 's a thing called the overton window . 
  crazy right-wing ideas by the standards of your country look moderate compared to the us ; rolling back net neutrality to a modest extent suddenly looks centrist . 
  note that since the us election , it 's been the center and center-right who have cleaned up in election after election ( france , netherlands , nrw in germany ) ... even in the uk , with the disastrous may campaign , the tories [ still came in # 1 in both seat count and popular vote . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2017 ), 
  before or after their sentence ? 
  meaning do they still serve time at europeans ' expense ? 
  before or after their sentence ? 
  meaning do they still serve time at europeans ' expense ? 
  i know the uk [ has been trying to do this with serious jamaican criminals , to the point of offering to build a special prison for deported crooks from the uk ] ( http://www.jamaicaobserver.com/news/uk-prison-offer-would-mean-higher-taxes---g2k ) . 
  but you wo n't be shot unless it looks like terrorism , and you wo n't have any reason to do those things in the first place because incarceration is n't a fate worse than death in truly developed countries . 
  we need to think of humanity as a whole . 
  nations are social constructs . 
  your next door neighbor is no better than [ this guy ] ( https://out.reddit.com/t3_6mtc5g?url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.wcpo.com%2fnews%2fstate%2fstate-ohio%2fofficer-who-killed-walmart-shopper-carrying-air-rifle-wont-face-federal-charges-justice-dept-says&amp;token=aqaaqctmwsno03rmjcti8qes82xbs3aaitnycqxdozbwozrzrmy7&amp;app_name=reddit.com ) who was murdered with impunity by the american people . 
  so the philosophy of jeremy bentham is now mere trolling ? 
  sad day on reddit . 
  [ his blood is on your hands . 
  ] ( https://out.reddit.com/t3_6mtc5g?url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.wcpo.com%2fnews%2fstate%2fstate-ohio%2fofficer-who-killed-walmart-shopper-carrying-air-rifle-wont-face-federal-charges-justice-dept-says&amp;token=aqaaqctmwsno03rmjcti8qes82xbs3aaitnycqxdozbwozrzrmy7&amp;app_name=reddit.com ), 
  i 've been to half a dozen countries in the eu as well as the uk . 
  why would n't they succeed ? 
  that 's your right to believe as such . 
  my opinion is that nationalism and capitalism must serve humanity as a whole and that an american shot for lunging at a cop or waving a bb gun around in a shopping center is no less worthy than myself or yourself , and that since living in the eu could prevent 95 % of fatal police encounters that the eu should open the borders to hardworking american men ( especially black men from the working class , the disproportionate victims of such violence ) because they already share eu language and values . 
  i 'm not in favor of unlimited immigration , but i think those policies should serve humanity as a whole by focusing on cultural preservation rather than already rich and happy people hoarding their wealth further . 
  i respect your views , but i disagree . 
  there are very few borderline illiterate americans . 
  90 % or more of people in kentucky or the ghetto would be able to integrate just by their education and fluency in english . 
  and the whole targeting already rich people goes against social democracy and the principle of equality ; if they take immigrants , countries should take in the neediest people they can integrate , not simply helping already elite engineers move to where they can make even more money . 
  the only reason europeans are generally opposed to mass immigration of the poor is that most are deeply conservative muslims . 
  a few hundred thousand african americans would be well accepted and would stop committing crimes because they can trust police and the state to help them out . 
  acting like you 've never met a utilitarian before . 
  not better or worse , just a pragmatic calculation on who the eu can help and vice versa . 
  a fluent speaker of a germanic or romance language with a high school diploma will be much more likely to result in a mutually beneficial situation than a borderline illiterate who can only speak arabic . 
  oh , my wording was wrong . 
  i 'll delete and maybe reword in the am . 
  almost 1,000 a year that are generally endorsed by the justice system , plus 1/3 -1 / 9th of black men in the correction system , plus countless traffic stops and harassment . 
  if you really care about doing good while fixing population decline , you 'd lol to the western hemisphere ... lot more doctors and engineers who already are familiar with european culture than in syria . 
  what i 'm saying is why do n't you make cultural and humanitarian concerns a part of your regular visa programs ? 
  if you can integrate and you fear for your life every time you see police , why should n't you get priority over a monolingual chinese speaker who 's already wealthy and safe ? 
  highest incarceration rate in the world ... other safe countries do n't have that . 
  well you should advertise it . 
  if more americans knew about self employment programs in the eu they 'd move fast . 
  why not balance both ? 
  if we have people who can integrate and who can no longer fear for their lives , why not make them a priority ? 
  between daft and self-employed/passive income visas in czechia , spain , and portugal , a large % of americans could move to the eu within 12 months . 
  i think it could be one heck of a stimulus program for the eu if more americans were aware of the opportunities . 
  risk of being killed for silly reasons or being imprisoned for petty offenses is the reasoning behind the right of asylum . 
  admittedly , i think the us ' problems are much deeper as [ someone holding a toy gun in public can be newsworthy even if they surrender it to cops . 
  ] ( https://www.eveningexpress.co.uk/fp/news/local/man-who-looked-like-gangster-or-terrorist-had-airgun-at-beach/ ) that 's why i 'm so anti-gun and increasingly anti-american ; this country has a toxic side to it . 
  meaning black men living * in * the us maybe should be eligible for asylum in the eu * until * the us reforms its policing and gun laws . 
  personally i think the us and latin america should be the main regions for non-eu immigration because they already speak european languages generally and share similar skills , even if their political views are different ; they provide the eu with a kill-three-birds-with-one-stone opportunity to alleviate suffering , fix the demographic and pensions system , and bring in hardworking culturally compatible people who will integrate instead of living off welfare . 
  i 'm already aggressively promoting on other subs existing migration programs such as the daft in the netherlands . 
  / aside, 
  again , my answer is `` no '' . 
  part of the reason you ca n't have a functioning democracy in egypt or turkey imo is that the nearby absolute monarchies are destabilizing them ( qatar =  muslim brotherhood and saudi arabia =  wahhabis ) , which is arguably a stronger argument against absolutism ( you need to eliminate absolute monarchies , worldwide , in order for democracy to flourish , and eliminating absolutism is essential to stability ) . 
  and would you see something in the us like cops getting off scot-free for killing someone carrying/waving around with one in public ? 
  if so , is that sort of police violence ( as well as the criminal injustice system ) an imminent enough danger for you to consider temporary asylum for black males in the us ? 
  because they keep islamism in check ( not my argument , just others ' ) . 
  look at egypt , where there is a conflict between a secular authoritarian junta and an islamist majority of the public . 
  i thought that the reason you do n't claim him was solely that he was a serb . 
  that 'd come as news to many in your serbian minority that they can not be croatian . 
  so does that mean that all the other croatian serbs are evicted too ? 
  polo : til he might be part croatian ... although he was pretty assimilated . 
  also kind of overrated in that he was n't the first european to set foot in china but simply the first to write a wildly popular book about it . 
  so either rednecks or x games wannabes ? 
  smith also has one etymology ( descended from a blacksmith ) ; singh similar ( means roughly `` lion '' ) . 
  the surname mainly comes from a king of the canary islands [ named bethencourt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bettencourt ) ; it 's not unheard of for peasants to take the name of their lord so they are n't necessarily blood descendants of the norman bettencourts . 
  different spellings also are used in different countries ; bittencourt is generally portuguese-speaking , while betancourt/betancur are hispanic spellings and bettencourt can be either french or portuguese/brazilian . 
  the idea of having such a business dynasty in sweden kinda contrasts with your egalitarian , high-social-mobility ideals from my naive yankee perspective . 
  it 's a common romance surname found throughout spain , portugal , france , and their colonies , so of course it has a lot of holders . 
  no different than smith , singh , or perez . 
  have you ever thought about marrying ? 
  in the us marriage is a much bigger deal because there are financial benefits and we do n't have a tradition of civil unions . 
  it definitely seems like the closest thing to a trump party ( neoliberal far-right but also protectionist ) in europe . 
  simple . 
  [ tradition !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grdfx7ut8gw ) the us might be more conservative ( as in right-wing ) than most anywhere in europe , but europe has much stronger living traditions ... in language , institutions , rituals , holidays ... you even sometimes see people unironically wear indigenous costumes ( tracht , bunad , etc ) . 
   saba ... [ drool ] ( https://chazsin.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/east-dropoff-windwardside-130123.jpg ) you should do an iama or / r/casualiama . 
  arguably the prettiest place in the netherlands and among the prettiest islands in an eu member . 
  you do know that the current catholic stance is [ that aliens , if they wish to find jesus , can be baptized into the roman catholic church . 
  unless he actually is a demon , there 's nothing preventing any scp from becoming a catholic ... or even a priest if male . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/pope-francis-asked-would-you-baptize-an-alien-heres-the-answer ), 
  you did n't even mention that there are parts of ireland that are so traditional ( culturally , not politically , conservative ) that people still speak irish in day-to-day life !, 
  enya is from one of them ( gweedore ) . 
  so it sounds more like a permanent minority government where the `` opposition '' shifts from vote to vote vs say a conventional coalition in which the parties agree on a platform that incorporates some from each of the constituent parties and is wholly agreed upon via negotiations . 
  i only hold one of these views . 
  the fictional people i 'm citing might be jokes . 
  what i 'd mean would be one where venstre can not do anything without sd support or vice versa . 
  broken link, 
  which would be ... 
  if you have an insult ready , shit or get off the pot .
