  i find it kind of perplexing because , while optimistic and a bit idealistic i do n't have time for that sort of philosophical `` taxation is theft and public healthcare is slavery '' neckbeardism . 
  the point of all things is to make people secureand happy , and property like nationalism is a tool to that end . 
  anyone to the left of corbyn i define as leftist . 
  gulag might cure that . 
  / s all joking aside , the problem of what to do with radicalization ( islamist and far right alike ) is something we 'll have to eventually address . 
   uses liberal for left  has a european flair on an aside , though , even though electorally i 'm pretty left i definitely consider myself a burkean conservative . 
  i am a bit idealistic , but i also recognize that traditional institutions have played a big role in standing up to trump and other bad leaders - from the catholic church to prince charles to even american political customs and unwritten traditions . 
  it 's seeing so many traditional institutions junked by these anarcho-capitalist ideology warriors that i hate so much . 
  i 'm aware it would be a huge gamble . 
  i hope that a lot of the problems in the us are just conservative voters being unwilling to admit that there 's a better way and/or hearing too much fox news , but i 'm aware that i might be a bit too optimistic . 
  if there are already europeans who are already doubting the welfare system , the influx of a bunch of immigrants who are even more stridently opposed to the welfare state could end it permanently . 
  even with trump and the gop in power ? 
  there are lots of anti-trump americans who do n't know the daft exists and who would likely fit in better in nl than turks , somalis , or iraqis ( although who knows about the christian taliban aka rednecks ) . 
  just taking out an ad space in next year 's super bowl would likely bring in thousands of enterprising yanks looking to get into the eu . 
  except for eritreans , they 're all immigrants from majority muslim countries . 
  if i were rutte , i 'd begin a blitz to advertise the [ daft ] ( https://www.expatlaw.nl/dutch-american-friendship-treaty ) and get some hardworking american entrepreneurs . 
  even a continuous spectrum i fear can be hijacked in that way by the media and by transnational support for right-wing populists ( look at / r/the _ europe for an example of trump supporters infiltrating the european right wing ) . 
   in most countries you would consider exemplary for socialism there are fears that the social state will crumble given that more and more people are in welfare money status ( you can guess what the reason for that is )  let me guess , mishandled immigration of devout muslims who are n't willing to see themselves as dutch and contribute to the netherlands + likely some percentage of indigenous ( ethnically dutch ) cheats + tax evasion + aging ? 
  multiple states . 
  currently based in fl . 
  meaning that i do n't consider myself to be a leftist . 
  center-left , at best , considering the whole spectrum of western political thought . 
  the us is a country where : - tens of thousands of voters were purged off of the rolls , and [ evidence has confirmed that at least some were removed by hacking ] ( http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/06/hackers-successfully-altered-voter-data-in-2016-election.html ) - there is widespread disenfranchisement - it is legal for police to shoot and kill people who struggle with them , drive aggressively toward them , wave swords or toy guns around in public - the government is taking away millions of people 's healthcare - the government is betraying the rest of the world on climate change trust me , i know the us better than you do . 
  simply removing them from the us economic model would likely solve most of those problems . 
  it 's hard to be that concerned about losing your jobs when the state/eu guarantees you a good job and decent living , at least in theory . 
  i 've been to the uk , sweden , denmark , czech , netherlands , france , italy , spain . 
  they only have those views because they do n't know how well the welfare state actually works . 
  most have never been to a social democracy . 
  they 'd convert within days of getting their healthcare card if they got residency . 
   leftist ahem , centrist . 
  leftist is like stalin and castro , rightist is like the us , so europe is centrist . 
  even the conservative parties are generally closer to the social democrats than to either stalin or trump . 
  i have been thinking of doing so ( i know that i can into netherlands via the daft and at least one of my ex-coworkers is now working remotely ) . 
  unfortunately , i get called trash and scum a lot online ( both in the us and europe ) for my views . 
  `` europe '', 
  promoting it ? 
  where am i promoting it ? 
  i 'm saying i understand why it happens and am afraid that it will happen . 
  i guess i 'm not clear at writing my views . 
  it 's a figure of speech . 
  i hope that you 'd accept me as a european if i moved to an eu member and naturalized . 
  source : https://www.rawstory.com/2017/06/election-hackers-altered-voter-registration-data-and-stole-private-info-officials/ i 'm opposed to violence , but i try to sympathize with even the most evil people . 
  empathy was taught to me from early childhood . 
  we 've learned that voters were purged . 
  he was n't lawfully elected . 
  and even before that the us has always been a country of questionable legitimacy with mass incarceration and only feeble attempts to make things right with its first inhabitants . 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm a bit idealistic and a bit left of center , but anyone who accepts the us as a legitimate developed country is someone i disagree with - politely , of course , and i hope you 'd politely disagree with me . 
  i am considering emigrating to the netherlands via daft and hope i wo n't get viewed as nuts for being center-left . 
  bless you . 
  you might not be in the eu , but you 're a true european in an ocean of spineless pragmatists . 
  inequality and conservatism led to a backlash in venezuela that wound up being just as bad . 
  you 're not looking too hot either . 
  and i 'm concerned that we 'll become the next venezuela . 
  our constitution is from 1789 . 
  of course it 's a fucked up mess . 
  that 's why i hope to defect using either daft or a self-employed visa , although i 'm also looking to canada because i have no family or friends outside of the us . 
  if you include their political influence , they arguably have the most dangerous culture in the whole world . 
  i 'd hate to say it , but without broader societal and constitutional reforms a lot of german cops would end up dead if they got assigned to patrol atlanta or new methxico . 
  seems like it 's not only guns but weapons in general that are rare . 
  you do n't hear about people in germany charging at cops with samurai swords either , at least not before the rise of daesh . 
  it seems like it 's circular . 
  do american cops shoot more people because of their training , or because criminals are more violent due to the severity of american prisons and the lack of access to decent jobs and healthcare . 
  it seems to happen all the time . 
  even when the suspect is killed it rarely makes it beyond local news unless that police department has a history of violence or corruption . 
  i do n't know . 
  it seems like you 're hostile to the idea instead of just shrugging it off as `` hey , they 're our new non-eu immigrants now . '', 
  have they ever caused problems with you and do you think they would ? 
  it seems to me like you have these visa routes that too few people are taking advantage of ( think of all the talent you 're wasting in the us alone not by publicizing it ) while in the us all our straightforward visas are gobbled up at lightning speed . 
   you 're wrong about german being easy for english natives . 
  americans seem to struggle quite a bit to learn german above , say , lower intermediate , in my experience . 
  not to belittle or judge , it is by no means an easy language to attain fluency in . 
  harder than english , anyway . 
   as much of that has to do with the fact that americans in general do n't really value multilingualism . 
  so you would n't be excited at the idea of [ little american shops ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_people_in_spain ) replacing the chinese ones ? 
  they are n't nearly as diverse as you think . 
  whether that 's good or bad is up to you . 
  although your country does n't have that visa . 
  the current visa would be under the spanish government , so yeah . 
  let 's call it occupied southern andorra , then . 
  why not ? 
  if they come legally , according to existing visas that require they contribute to the spanish nation and treasury , what 's the problem ? 
  many people in the us are much less willing to live and work overseas compared to others with a comparable skill profile . 
  americans in general are less aware of opportunities outside their borders and are already fairly western culturally . 
  i 'd imagine they 'd integrate better than most other non-eu immigrants , and unlike in say china or even canada the idea of going overseas for school is something they never really consider . 
  you 're leaving a lot of talent on the table . 
  i 'm talking about countries that * already * have visas for americans . 
  what about merkel for instance inviting poor americans to come to germany under existing programs , say be relaxing the financial requirement for student visas by allowing us citizens to borrow the euros needed to study in germany ? 
  even the open-borders far left ? 
  and would more poor african americans coming into the eu through existing means ( such as student visas or daft ) be controversial ? 
  united keks of amerikeka, 
  cool , i 'll take your suggestion well . 
  i take it i 'm unlikely to face hostility unless i say walk into a mosque wearing a stars and stripes shirt for instance ... all but the most radical ( far-left , far-right , and islamist ) people do n't wish violence on individual americans . 
  like all things in life , anti-americanism in the age of trump is something that is best pursued in moderation ; too much and you 're a raving lunatic / `` isis recruitment center is that way '' , too little and you 're an ugly american . 
  i 'd rather go with just saying `` death to america '' in public . 
  if you 're going to respond with an / s , i will . 
  i 'll just say i hate trump and do n't really like the us anymore , but if you want to be a bigot and paint all americans with the same brush you 're no better than him . 
  to quote chris rock , `` america 's like the uncle that paid your way through college , but molested you . '', 
  does n't just apply to black people , 
  amerikkka , 
  meaning i 'm to the left of palme but a bit to the right of castro .
