  i did n't vote third party because we have an fptp system in the us . 
  i do think though that we need a 70 % worldwide tax rate to take care of the poor , healthcare , and infrastructure in both developed and developing countries , massive investment in climate change , a ban on private firearm use , and a 95 % inheritance tax . 
  i also believe that developing countries have the right to compensation for the impacts of war , propaganda , and climate change and that the eu and canada should take in black american men until their police stop killing nonviolent offenders . 
  vote : hillary clinton all-time western history : in between olof palme , ra\u00fal castro , leonard peltier , and assata shakur, 
  almost all americans are right-wing by us standards , so i 'm at best center-left . 
  okay then . 
  `` i think that trump and the us are the greatest threats to the survival of civilization and that any leader anywhere who has n't stood up to them will be remembered just like chamberlain . 
  i actually would almost support people committing acts of terror against him/trump , and do n't see the us as that much better than isis . '', 
  it 's the `` when in rome '' attitude . 
  when i do n't know the culture , i 've always been taught to not talk politics . 
  what i 'm getting at is that my hardcore anti-american views ( by us standards ) might offend someone who has an american cousin or friend . 
  i 'm relieved by the other responses that i wo n't shock anyone who is n't looking for a reason to hate me . 
  so does that mean they like african , caribbean , chinese , and eastern european immigrants more or are they just becoming more extreme and hating the people themselves as opposed to the immigration ? 
  meaning that most christians are irreligious . 
  few americans ( ie those with eu citizenship ) can up and move to germany . 
  there 's no reason to believe that greeks or poles will follow that example . 
  i 'm all in favor of free or cheap and mandatory language classes for permanent residents , but requiring it before they can apply for jobs is preventing the eu from becoming an economic superpower . 
  i 'm saying that in order to better integrate the economy they get hired first and then learn the local language . 
  would i get laughed at for suggesting that , or suggesting that the trump family be denied entry to france ? 
  even if i were an american ? 
  i thought we 'd integrate sooner ( like knowing some basic german within a year or 2 ) . 
  and those are generally the progressive , well educated , upper-middle classes who can get visas and who generally share german views . 
  i wonder if in 20-30 years americans will be the new `` problem immigrants '' ( / s on the last ) . 
  it 's called a driver 's license . 
   some kind of wizard [ you had to . 
  ] ( http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/5922f54834911b297f8b4c85/heres-what-the-glowing-orb-trump-touched-in-saudi-arabia-actually-was.jpg ), 
  by that standard the greatest villain is probably some serial killer . 
  it 's not about how evil you are so much as how many lives you can harm . 
  they 're center-something , definitely . 
  not unforeseen , but prescient . 
  when your country is controlled by lobbyists and it has an 18th century fossil constitution , there is only so much you can do . 
  imo the whole constitution needs to be rebuilt . 
  i can hear both sides of the story . 
  thanks for your input ... and you are n't even dealing with trump supporters !, 
  where is this finnish neighborhood ? 
  sounds interesting because they 're not usually what i think of when i think of immigrant ghettos . 
   i find it a little sad that so many questions about letting more americans into europe ( a reasonable discussion ) feel the need to veer in the direction of how we supposedly already take in too many people from muslim countries , and would n't it just feel nicer to have a lot of americans instead ? 
  it would not . 
  i have no interest in making it easier for people to come here , who , with a wink and a nod to anti-muslim sentiments , argue that they would make better immigrants than those we already have . 
   it 's simply about diversification . 
  the vast majority of non-european immigrants that are taken in are muslim , and that unfortunately results in an echo-chamber effect ( as does the us government arming saudi arabia , which has radicalization of existing muslim communities as a line item in the budget ! ), 
  how about taking in a few hundred thousand , say , poor african americans who face being shot by police for minor offenses ? 
   i dunno , i do n't hear about them committing daily mass shootings . 
  only terrorist attacks . 
  the us has created a right mess in the middle east by supporting all sorts of extremist ideologies , and until those are contained i recognize that americans would likely be viewed somewhat better ( although , among countries with some degree of poverty east asians and some latin americans would be my # 1 choices ) . 
  das ist good to know, 
  thanks . 
  that is a very very informative response . 
  i actually love responses like yours because i get to really get answers without pounding the pavement in europe and asking people their opinions . 
  this sub is great for cultural exchange . 
  do n't worry . 
  the cultural differences mainly stem from not knowing how awesome social democracy is ... you can probably take in 30 million and 29.9 will assimilate within a year , 
  it 's not easy to get a visa into the eu . 
  and that 's my point . 
  they can oppose immigration without personally disliking non-europeans as people . 
     do you see yourself making a life in the country you reside in meaning that do they intend to live there indefinitely and maybe even get citizenship . 
   you are on to something ( and yes - get off t_d !, 
  it 's not healthy . ), 
    honestly , i 'm only there for know-your-enemy reasons , but it really warps how i view anti-immigration conservatives . 
  obviously not all of them have the sort of hatred for those born in poor countries that trump supporters seem to have . 
  forgive me . 
  i had a bad morning dealing with trump supporters in person , 
   clinton had the same chances i disagree . 
  all three electoral systems ( house , senate , and electoral college ) are biased towards the right wing ( in terms of power vs. votes ) . 
  yeah , i 'm already seeing signs of the far right pulling away from trump ( the european far right 's idea of nationalism is incompatible with the us interpretation , which requires the us to maintain and project influence outside of its borders ) . 
  sorry if my main post seemed a bit bitter ... i had a long day yesterday . 
   all in all , grow up and start acting like an adult . 
  you mean ruining the economy with your crazy ideas ? 
  `` smart , rational grownups '' have caused a lot of recessions and shortsighted policies in the past two decades . 
  in 100 years we 'll be judged harshly imo . 
  it 's just i believe there is a vibrant contingent of far-left , anti-american , and antifas among many muslim and african communities in europe . 
  mainly the eu , uk , canada , au/nz , japan , korea , singapore . 
  although i 'd be fine with any country that recognizes climate change as probable truth and the paris agreement as valid . 
  so you think it 's dumb to encourage consumers to buy goods from countries that share in european values and commitments when possible ? 
  95 % of the economy can be sourced within the social democratic world . 
  not even a voluntary one ? 
  think informed consumers choosing to buy from countries that respect their values . 
  really ? 
  political correctness at its finest . 
  and in rhodesia they had a system where voting was tied to net worth . 
  still was widely condemned . 
  the us owns too much of your software . 
  you should at least consider a climate tariff if the us backs out of climate action.i 'm a human first and an american second , and while there 's a lot i like about my country of birth sometimes you have to punch a bully in the nose . 
   they won both the congress and the presidental election , you maybe dont like them , but if they would be unpopular they would n't win . 
  its called democracy . 
    they lost the popular vote by a commanding margin , and that 's even without taking into account disenfranchisement . 
  that 's not democratic and would n't fly in the eu . 
  so if one of your friends proposed this at * fika * , you 'd choke on your coffee from laughter ? 
  do n't you want to build up your own industries ? 
  the us already has far too much influence in internal european affairs like software . 
  not even your most radical muslims ? 
  i 'm a white judeo-christian and i fear that in 150 years we 'll be looked at as failures for letting a wildly unpopular coal lover cook the atmosphere . 
  not a european , but from what i heard the reason is that many spaniards still remember living under a far-right dictatorship , and the current ( relatively moderate ) main right-wing party appropriated/co-opted most of the remaining francoist elements . 
  the result is that there really is no organized `` far right '' as compared to northern or eastern european countries . 
  and historically we ( the west ) broke up a lot of the traditional states during colonialism ( and finished off much of the rest during the cold war ) so there 's nothing to build off of . 
  in 1950s europe there were still many nations that had decades of not centuries of history and a shared ethno-linguistic identity ; i do n't recall there ever being warlordism in the heartland of europe after 1900 except for the balkans maybe . 
  there are some political movements whose members are legally banned from serving as police or prison guards . 
  i 'd also guess that the challenges most african countries face are more daunting than those in postwar europe , which already had very high literacy and acceptance of western values . 
  it 's much easier to repair damaged infrastructure than it is to introduce it to a bunch of semi-tribal farmers in africa . 
  disliking the uk does n't mean i approve of the regime in washington .
