german and not like alsatian , actual german from germany . 
  [ his family originates in what 's now nrw . 
  what if they did n't speak any slavic languages ? 
  say they were romanian or latvian . 
  economics at least implies that opening borders between richer and poorer countries [ should cause massive economic benefits . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/10/14/why-economists-love-and-politicians-detest-the-idea-of-opening-the-borders-to-lots-more-immigrants/ ) unfortunately , far too few europeans are taking advantage of it ... europe 's economy should be taking off now that all the eu countries can exchange workers . 
  meaning that my views wo n't get me harassed at the pub ? 
  helps during the dark nordic winters . 
  there are dipshits on both sides of the ideological spectrum , and in the center too . 
  white . 
  sanders ? 
  white and jewish . 
  most of his supporters are white too . 
  white . 
  sturgeon ? 
  white . 
  white . 
  amazingly , the vast majority of left parties in the west have white leaders . 
  nice . 
  i already speak spanish so if i ever feel the need to leave the us i 'll look there , preferably as a self employed because i do n't want to take any spaniards ' jobs while the economy recovers . 
  iberia in general seems pretty free of right wing populism . 
  so i 'm cool ? 
  mainstream economics says opener borders [ should be the biggest economic stimulus in decades ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/10/14/why-economists-love-and-politicians-detest-the-idea-of-opening-the-borders-to-lots-more-immigrants/?utm_term=.ede925ce7568 ) if we could just get popular support . 
  hence my assimilation proposal . 
  as imperfect as they were , the soviets never attempted to eradicate their white population . 
  neither did castro 's cuba . 
  the dutch and danes are really good at creating architecture that 's both clearly modern and rooted in centuries of tradition . 
  the left-right spectrum is n't a race war like you make it out to be . 
  i like everyone who is n't wildly conservative , even though i recognize that the muslim world is right now in a crisis of brainwashing . 
  i do believe that most people in every country except maybe the us and afghanistan are redeemable , but i recognize that in terms of numbers we have to make choices on who we help and europe could likely absorb 5 haitians , 10 mexicans , or 20 african americans for the same amount of effort as one syrian or iraqi sunni . 
  and i do like white people with progressive values , especially from the nordic countries and those in between germany and russia that have been screwed for centuries . 
  why the eu is sticking its poorest members with migrants who do n't want to live there is beyond me . 
  huh ? 
  i do n't like the current trend in islam ... i do n't think hostility towards the current incarnation of islam is racism . 
  and i do n't support gassing jews one iota . 
  so i 'm center-left ? 
  generally the new world has people who are less backward than africans or asians but still face lots of suffering . 
  as a moral utilitarian it 's the best use of scarce resources . 
  and so many terrorists have been the sons and daughters of skilled immigrants or skilled immigrants themselves ; 9/11 was orchestrated by an architect for instance , so skills are n't a vaccine against violent extremism like the center right makes them out to be . 
  taxation - keep it high enough to ensure that every citizen can find a job , healthcare , and a 3 bedroom flat . 
  every household should be able to live in dignity off one income except in cases of disability , where they should get aid from the state . 
  abortion - birth control and resolving the economic problems of pregnancy ( making it effectively free to have a child ) will greatly reduce the abortion rate . 
  it should be legal but rare and ideally should n't happen except in cases of disability . 
  marriage - the state should back out of it and only have domestic partnerships , with marriage as a religious or cultural matter . 
  barring that , i 'd prefer equality but i would be willing to vote for an opposing politician if it would lead to a decent standard of living for all , including unmarried lgbt couples . 
  corporations - high personal income tax , moderate corporate tax , but significant regulations on competition and prohibiting any contact between elected officials and corporate lobbyists . 
  freelancers - should be taxed as ordinary wages , maybe a bit lower . 
  it should be the main way for workers to enter the eu . 
  schools - no privatization of existing services and limits on private schools . 
  universities - publicly funded , free or with tuition capped at 1 % of income per year . 
  to reduce housing crunches , significant liberalization of planning and zoning in non-historic areas . 
  heavy research investment . 
  lastly , the poor blacks thing is a reference to the many black men in the us who face prison or summary execution for petty crimes and the millions more of poor but westernized blacks in the caribbean . 
  actually i 'm talking about careful reform while keeping those institutions that do n't conflict with humanist values . 
  [ the original tories had my position more or less , favoring a full review and reform of institutions without uprooting them entirely . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tamworth_manifesto ) i probably am the most left wing person ever to proclaim themselves a moderate conservative , though . 
  if i leave the us it will be for other reasons related to my personal quality of life . 
  i just do n't want to be looked at funny if a discussion breaks out in a bar or pub . 
  by social democracy i mean the broad consensus that everyone deserves a decent standard of living and that capitalism must serve the poor , the people , and the environment . 
  social democrats ( note the caps ) are the party that got 30 % . 
  again , these are my ideals . 
  i 'm aware there 's compromise needed , but you also should know that the economics have largely been worked out in the nordic countries and have only started to break down because of decades of propaganda . 
  i meant to say that the cultural change would be 100 % voluntary . 
  the west would set up schools and community centers aiming at bringing a bit of social democracy to the developing world , and all adoptions would be with the informed consent of the natural parents and monthly visitation rights . 
  i 'm not saying that we should get rid of it anytime soon . 
  we should say that the right of people to own a home , furniture , and a business is inalienable , but that the right to capitalism is solely a social construct that serves people . 
  the right to property should never be extended to corporations and it instead should be seen as a privilege dependent on the good behavior of said corporations . 
  not their elimination , mind you , but accentuating the progressive elements within each tradition ( zakat in classical islam , for instance ) within a progressive economic context . 
  i guess it 's borderline marxist but whatever . 
  and 100 % voluntary through education and promotion . 
  i was giving the policies i 'd recommend for denmark . 
  in the us i 'd recommend a massive expansion of the welfare state to near nordic levels and conversely allowing states to set their own gun laws as many are far more rural than anywhere in the us . 
  economics : preserve the existing welfare state , limit further reduction to it , and work to promote nordic values at home and abroad by establishing a network of danish democracy schools . 
  ensure that everyone who works 30 hours a week can own or rent a 3 bedroom flat and that everyone who wants to work can . 
  declare that private property rights are only inherent for homes and family businesses , and that all other forms of capitalism exist solely to serve the people . 
  require immigrants to have respect nordic values and competency in danish before getting permanent residency . 
  increase taxes on the rich to cap the income and wealth gini coefficient at 0.2 and to increase inheritance tax 80 % . 
  end private gun ownership except on private islands where police are very far away , and drastically reduce surveillance and police militarization . 
  that gives me hope . 
  i can actually find a country where i wo n't be seen as a kook . 
  1 & 2 : they should only be allowed if they can either be indoctrinated into western progressivism ( kids ) or they 're willing to adopt it . 
  the end goal should be the progressivization of all world cultures along social democratic lines . 
  if they are in any sort of danger they should be protected , and the regional constituent cultures should be protected . 
  reducing human suffering and environmental degradation without causing the loss of native culture . 
  sadly most politics has gone beyond pragmatism to fatalism without trying to make the world the most pleasant place we can with the technology we currently have . 
  every eu citizen is supposed to have equal labor rights and equal treatment by employers , but obviously that does n't preclude sneaky regulations like that . 
  the eu wo n't be a single market until education and skills are standardized . 
  i do n't feel like i am entitled to anything more than any other human . 
  i just think that there is a lot of talent in the us that wants to get out and , with assimilation requirements , could be a gold mine for europeans . 
  it 's solely that i think , based on my limited knowledge of economics , that it would be a wise and profitable decision for your countries to look to the americas for workers . 
  and it 's not even something that can be solved by people from other eu countries ? 
  it 's not their fault . 
  the government should let them work so long as they are n't taking jobs from germans . 
  it 's like merkel wants to deliberately kill multiculturalism and social democracy for profit by deliberately mishandling this flow of immigrants . 
  also , if i could get emigrate would i be viewed negatively ? 
  i 'm in a relationship with a hispanic citizen and have enough cash to go non-lucrative for two years in spain while she reclaims her citizenship , if so needed . 
  why ??? 
  ca n't they have them pick litter or volunteer ? 
  they can work , even if it 's menial , but instead they are instantly given handouts . 
  the only one of those i myself support is the fourth one .
