  tbh , that 's more what i 'd expect of a serb . 
  i never knew that eurosceptics were a thing in slovenia . 
  i also would add that mestizo communities have generally higher levels of corruption and violent crime than spaniards , and that they take their crime with them when they move to the us and eu ; do n't downvote me for trying to be pc . 
  they very much have a culture influenced by colonialism and apartheid in ways that are politically incorrect for both the left ( all cultures are equal ! ), 
  and the right ( it 's their fault 110 % ! ), 
  with ancestry comes traditions . 
  a cuban or colombian with lots of african descent will likely practice santer\u00eda , listen to reggaeton or salsa , spice up his dialect with african words , and maybe even wear some african clothing . 
  have you ever been to cartagena ? 
  similarly , a mestizo mexican will use aztec words ( tlapaleria , for instance , instead of ferreteria ) , have aztec or mayan names ( xochitl , moctezuma ) , eat aztec or mayan food , etc. 
  in some ways , yes , but in others no . 
  there are two main types of latin american country : 1 ) areas that are majority european origin but that attracted immigrants from all over europe : argentina , uruguay , southern brazil , and parts of chile and costa rica 2 ) areas where there are few non-hispanic or portuguese `` whites '' but large black , native american , arab , and/or asian influences : pretty much everywhere else . 
  in other words , there are few predominantly `` spaniard '' areas in latin america . 
  most have either african , native , asian , arab , or mixed european culture . 
  by eu migrants , i mean people from poorer eu countries who move to richer ones for jobs . 
  say , bulgarians and croats who move to czechia or czechs who move to germany or denmark . 
  even though he did n't convert you to protestantism , luther still succeeded in changing your dialect . 
  mwhahaha !, 
  denmark has lego , maersk , danske bank , and bang & olufsen just off the top of my head . 
  the downturn in finland mainly has to do with the mismanagement of nokia and a downturn in certain industries ( timber and some linked to russia , iirc ) . 
  the other equally rich european country , switzerland , has no natural resources aside from pretty mountains . 
  [ you mean the world 's best country to live in ] ( http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/10774930 ) ? 
  unless you mean you 'll have to pawn your mountains to repay your debts . 
  yeah , i forgot that serbs , croats , slovenes , etc do n't get along well . 
  losing to a supposedly easy candidate to beat is the embarrassment . 
  probably has to do with macron becoming the * de facto * ps candidate from its right wing . 
  i 'd hope to see a macron-m\u00e9lenchon second round , but it 'll probably be macron-le pen with ( st. joan willing ) macron prevailing . 
  * cyclists * ? 
  is there something i 'm missing there ... are they trying to rip up poland 's tram systems , `` who framed roger rabbit '' style ? 
   polarisation are you starting to see more tensions between the left and right specifically ? 
  i know there 's a major right-wing party that 's pretty much the dutch equivalent of trump and even shares many american far-right backers . 
   slovenia  90 % + slavic christian ahh , are the hungarians , italians , and croats causing problems again ? 
   probably what where gon na live off after the oil is empty . 
  it 's mainly what has made us rich yeah , you 're going to have to be a normal nordic social democracy like sweden or denmark . 
  is it really that horrible ? 
  the dikes just got 10m higher . 
  no problem for the dutch . 
  because to a large percentage of americans , there 's the belief that mainstream education in the sciences , economics , history , etc. 
  will indoctrinate them into becoming progressives . 
  many people on the right are skeptical of mainstream `` government '' education for ideological reasons . 
  trumpist ultranationalism , probably , and disdain for science and education . 
  even in the slums of kibera or the favelas of rio , parents care about education to an extent you wo n't find in rural kentucky or the ghettoes of baltimore . 
   i suppose they 're viewed similarly as you say it is in the us . 
  effective but a bit nepotistic . 
  indeed . 
  they are generally quite respected ( especially compared to big `` predatory '' corporations , the little `` mom and pops '' are viewed well in the us ) but there can be some issues if they get too large or if they are passed on to incompetent sons and daughters . 
  just like today , the uk 's leader is kind of a cnut . 
  this was even truer with cameron , who was a real cnut . 
  why the decline ? 
  i 'm guessing part of it is having one of the strongest regional economies in southern europe . 
   it 's not noticeably worse than the uk system , is it ? 
  and that was allowed . 
  so overall , sure , i think it would be ok .  there 's no electoral college equivalent in the uk ( the rotten boroughs were written out in the 1830s ) . 
  the closest i can think of would be a minority government like the second l\u00f8kke rasmussen cabinet in denmark [ where the third-largest party wound up governing alone with 26.7 % of the vote because none of the others were better at placating/dividing the opposition . 
   i believe that due to the fact that it effectively circumvents the public vote , i do n't think it would be considered democratic enough . 
  it 's one of those things that does n't really have any reason to exist other than `` some states refused to join the union without it in the 1780s/1790s and as a result we weight their votes extra '' . 
  that would be a recipe for a flame war . 
  same with russia . 
  agreed . 
  we should stick to `` the carrot '' of positive diplomacy unless they 're a threat outside their borders . 
   made by dutch  uses y' all http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/eaglelandosmosis, 
  no love for mr. saxobeat ? 
  hence the ironic quotes . 
  is it typical to be fired or lose friends if you have a fringe or minority ideology or do people not really care as long as you are n't a dick about it ? 
  polish death camps, 
  it 's actually a 19th century [ revivalist building , derived from loire chateaux . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwerin_palace#19th_century ) architectural revivals : for when you ca n't get it right the first time around . 
  to be honest , some of those are ugly cute ( think yoda from star wars ) and some are just plain ugly . 
  [ ugly cute ] ( http://68.media.tumblr.com/a329e520630bd5063a10ad693b03ecb7/tumblr_omc03pkovo1qm24ado1_500.png ) [ ugly ugly ] ( http://68.media.tumblr.com/d08dbf935251a618909e52938a3bc617/tumblr_ojplygymuw1qm24ado1_500.jpg ), 
   recently the current government ( the liberals ) passed a reform of our welfare system sending a further 11.000 kids into poverty , so that is that . 
  liberals : people who think poverty is not a bad thing for society `` reform '' as an american , i warn you how destructive those sorts of policies are . 
  they 're destroying my country to the point that even many rich people do n't want to live here anymore . 
  countries are allies because they treat each other well , not vice versa . 
  if country x is interfering in country y 's affairs and challenging its values , then they 're no longer true allies . 
  ignoring how questionable his election was and how the us political system falls well short of eu norms . 
  so it 's not just americans who do that ... `` my great grandfather was named yannick so i 'm going to reconnect with my people in bretagne '' , , , bullshit . 
   czechs from other regions - never know where to stand in the metro . 
  act like americans ( funny clothes , camera at the ready ) but speak czech . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  rural hicks seem to be the most obnoxious tourists , even more so than the foreigners . 
  the color revolutions in eastern europe , for instance . 
  if the us were being created now , that political system would never fly . 
  we all have sanctioned and even attempted to start regime change on smaller countries that have done half what trump has . 
  [ does this work ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_rhodesia ) from 1899 to 1962 the rhodesian assembly comprised members elected to represent constituencies on a first past the post principle . 
  at some stages , however , there were two-member constituencies , and in the early years there were some appointed members . 
  the 1961 constitution adopted a more complex system intended to extend the franchise to wider sections of the community including non-whites -- but without immediately bringing white rule to an end . 
  at the time of the unilateral declaration of independence , rhodesia 's amended 1961 constitution ( which was annexed to the udi ) provided for an officer administering the government , to be appointed by the british sovereign ( or by the parliament if the queen made no appointment ) , with political power residing with the unicameral legislative assembly . 
  under the 1961 constitution , the rhodesian assembly had 65 elected members : 50 constituency members and 15 district members . 
  the voter rolls had education , property and income qualifications . 
  the main a roll was for citizens who satisfied high standards in these regards and 95 % of its members were white and 5 % were black or asian . 
  the b roll had lower qualification standards and 90 % of its members were black and 10 % were white or asian . 
  the b roll was about one-tenth of the size of the a roll . 
  both rolls voted in elections for constituencies and districts , but for elections in the constituencies , the b roll vote was capped at 20 % of the total , and for elections in the districts , the a roll vote was capped at 20 % of the total . 
  this procedure was known as ` cross-voting ' . 
  in practice , the 50 constituency members would all be white and the 15 district members would mostly be black . 
  the 1962 general election was a watershed for the country , since it resulted in the election of a rhodesian front government led by winston field that was committed to independence without majority rule and to the continued separate development of white and black communities in rhodesia . 
  the defeated united federal party led by edgar whitehead had been committed to slow progress to majority rule . 
  there was no explicit racial discrimination in the rhodesian political system before 1969 . 
  it is sometimes claimed that had the black community participated more fully in the political process then the outcome of the 1962 general election would have been different and udi would have been avoided . 
  african nationalist groups objected to the 1961 constitution and urged those eligible to vote not to register , and those that had registered not to vote .
