  relatively few eligible africans did register to vote , and b-roll voter turnout in the 1962 election was less than 25 % . 
  the rhodesian front government eventually drafted a completely new constitution . 
  this further entrenched white minority rule and made the country a republic , following a referendum result in favour in 1969 . 
  under this new constitution , there was a bicameral parliament consisting of an indirectly elected senate , and a directly elected house of assembly , in which the majority of seats were reserved for whites even more effectively than was the case under the 1961 constitution . 
  the new office of president was a ceremonial post , with executive power remaining with the prime minister . 
  the 1969 constitution modified the detailed provision for electoral rolls and seats in the assembly . 
  the most significant 1969 modifications were that cross voting was abolished and the b roll was reserved for non-europeans . 
  the assembly constituencies were reformed so that there were 50 a roll , and 8 b roll seats . 
  it was provided that the number of b roll seats would rise over time in line with the proportion of total personal income tax paid by blacks until a total of 50 black seats was reached . 
  in addition to the b roll seats , the african tribal chiefs were able to elect another 8 members . 
  the immediate result of this arrangement was that 270,000 whites had 50 seats and 6 million africans had 8 seats in the assembly , with a handful of african chiefs having 8 seats as well . 
  these reforms served only to reinforce black rejection of the system . 
  the new constitution gave a clear indication of where the architects of udi thought rhodesia should go in political terms . 
  the concept of `` separate development '' for blacks and whites was written into that constitution . 
  the concept of eventual parity of parliamentary representation between the races was also adopted . 
  this last feature underpinned the concept of ` equal partnership between black and white ' as an alternative to majority rule . 
  however , the leaders of the udi state made it clear that parity of representation could be deferred indefinitely , if not for ever . 
  white immigration figures for the 1960s encouraged them to believe that it might be possible to significantly alter the demographic balance , given enough time . 
  read my post to find out . 
  even for instance somalis or pakistanis ? 
  let me guess , the first is either uk , portugal , somalia and the second is france ? 
  switzerland ... everywhere is full of tourists so i 'll just shitpost . 
  that 's my point . 
  i do n't agree with either , but the first one ( the `` poisoned skittle '' argument that many opponents of muslim immigration to the eu use ) is much more sympathetic to muslims than the second ( which is deliberately inspired by his trumpness ) . 
  i 'd imagine there 's also a difference between saying `` we should n't create more permanent residency visas for muslims until they show that they can adapt to our culture and until the birthrate difference means that ethnic britons ( cornish/cumbrians/welsh / scots/cockneys ) are no longer at risk of becoming a minority '' vs. `` iraqis are some really bad dudes and we should n't let them visit '' . 
  only like 5 % of french live in houses with mansard roofs , i 'd guess . 
  and not only does the us go far right , it goes far-right ** hard ** , going places that no developed or major developing country has since at least the fall of the ussr . 
  i 'd take orban or pis over trump 's gop any day . 
  pp began as ap , which i believe was * the * party for franco supporters . 
  so a country of 4 million could just absorb 3 million people with utterly different values ? 
  culture and media are a big part . 
  import 3 million white americans into finland and watch it become unrecognizable , without changing a single finnish law . 
  also , watch if the us attempts to indoctrinate europeans into the alt right . 
  the most common situation seems to be that they get enough support to either enter into a coalition or force the rest of the spectrum into a grand coalition , at least in the nordic countries . 
  yes . 
  the way the pp appropriated all the francoists is frankly brilliant and will really help spain in the long run . 
  ataka is an awesome name for a party tho . 
  name of them ? 
  [ those yanks at chatham house , i presume . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/most-europeans-want-muslim-ban-immigration-control-middle-east-countries-syria-iran-iraq-poll-a7567301.html ), 
  thanks . 
  that 's about individual beliefs , not countries tho . 
  does that include other former yugoslav countries ? 
  and eu migration if you can freeze it ? 
  slovenia is n't known for its non-european immigration . 
  no , to the other prompt asking about this issue . 
  link please ? 
  indeed, 
  you 've also had muslims living among you for half a millennium and still are n't a kebab kingdom . 
  nice work, 
  and less stylish . 
  in living in florida , i 've always found that white latin americans look more like europeans than like us . 
  the [ forest swedes ] ( http://repository.londonmet.ac.uk/104/1/informationsocietyandjustice_v3n2_p127-134.pdf ) keep getting really uppity about being their own culture just because they speak an indigenous uralic language . 
  they 're no more legit than other backwoods indigenous tribes like the welsh , the frisians , or the basques . 
  yeah . 
  strasbourg has contributed a lot to both french and german culture and it 's a shame that one or the other had to get it . 
  [ you did have a `` red wedding '' back in the 1100s . 
  ] ( http://racefortheironthrone.tumblr.com/post/111806650901/what-do-you-think-of-the-bloodfeast-of-roskilde-as ), 
  i 'd imagine that the police would have more important things to do than prosecute mumbled hate speech from someone engrossed in their digital entertainment with conspicuous headphones . 
  i figured as such ( it 's a combination of a criminal and civil system that 's very deferential to police , the large amount of control that small cities like ferguson have over their internal affairs , and poor training ) . 
  just wanted confirmation . 
  on an aside , i love the term panda car . 
  meaning that everyone has education and healthcare . 
  you do n't have the kind of shootings you do in the us . 
  meaning the lack of any sort of social programs like mental healthcare , financial assistance , etc. 
  that 's what i suspected . 
  also , the lack of a welfare state . 
  so wales is basically the equivalent of an indian reservation ? 
  i kid , slightly , but it seems like the welsh are the indigenous people of everywhere but scotland and wales is the leftover area that the english could n't assimilate . 
  two decades, 
  i ca n't give you crimea , but have an upvote . 
  american here , so take it with a grain of salt . 
  1 ) this depends on country ; the far-right 's views in each eu country are more similar to that of the mainstream in that country than to other far-right parties . 
  for instance , pvv ( like the other non-sectarian political parties in the netherlands ) supports gay marriage , while pis ( like its mainstream polish counterparts ) opposes it . 
  compared to other right-wing movements ( the american religious right , for instance ) the european and american alt right is quiet , even silent , on lgbt issues . 
  2 ) see 1 ) . 
  this depends on the country more than on the ideological position . 
  3 ) this is very much a uk thing . 
  i 've heard little about censorship out of the mainstream european far-right or even centre-right parties . 
  4 ) again , this is mainly an austrian and hungarian ( fidesz ) thing . 
  indoctrination is not a big priority in much of the rest of europe . 
  5 ) see 1 ) and 2 ) . 
  while pvv or switzerland 's svp for instance are anti-climate action , many of their counterparts ( in denmark , sweden , and norway ) are neutral on the issue . 
  6 ) another thing that varies from country to country . 
  hardcore eurosceptics like ukip and their counterparts in non-eu norway and switzerland are very different from more moderate reformists in poland and denmark . 
  portuguese [ eurosceptics are mainly found in the far left and romanian eurosceptics are unrepresented , even in the most right-wing parties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euroscepticism#portugal ) . 
  deport all the canadians !, 
  mercantilism = / = isolationism . 
  a true isolationist would be horrified by trump 's military and economic policies . 
  a threat to belgium the entity = / = a threat to belgians the people . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  mougins seems very expensive . 
  i 'm talking about the architecture ... most of the value is of course in the land . 
   he also owns 3 houses and 2 apartments i doubt that housing is so cheap in romania that you can own five dwelling units for less than $ 50k usd ( or 50k eur ) . 
   this is murgle , a neighbourhood in ljubljana . 
  very weird , small houses , bad roads , modeled by scandinavian neighbourhoods . 
  had a bad rep at first , but eventually people like actors and artists started buying them . 
  one of our ex presidents and a few other politicians live there as well . 
  it 's definitely nothing flashy . 
   so you elected a hipster prime minister ?
