  i can probably pick up a falcao or messi jersey easily enough . 
  why are there two names on the presidential ballot ? 
  this sounds like what americans think a country without a two party system is like . 
  impressive minimalism . 
  no logos , no clutter , just names in a sans-serif font . 
   why did you specify non-european , by the way ? 
  trying to avoid bias and not simply resort to `` what you know '' . 
  previous comment was heavily downvoted as i dared share my opinions about the us . 
  someone 's jimmies were rustled . 
  why ? 
  perhaps this ? 
   why did you specify non-european , by the way ? 
  trying to avoid bias and not simply resort to `` what you know '' . 
  that 's just the irish word for `` pm '' . 
  it 's like how you call cops `` gardai '' ; gratuitous irish does occur on occasion in government matters . 
  whataboutism . 
  the eu is better than the us but it could be even better than it is now in terms of capitalism serving the people rather than vice versa . 
  good in theory , but it has some flaws ( mainly , it 's too opaque and too cozy to international corporations ) . 
  all those mountains help . 
  ultranationalist . 
  let 's not tarnish liberal nationalism with those bigots . 
  thanks, 
  no to one or to both ? 
  is the city ljubljana ? 
  it 's the only one in slovenia that has a \u0160i\u0161ka . 
  can you name one ** anywhere in the uk ** ? 
  it 's a country of over 60m people ; do n't worry , i wo n't find you and force you to listen to clinton campaign speeches . 
  and it 's not like police are particularly effective at catching creepy white guys either ... sex crimes in general are stigmatized greatly in the west . 
  can you name one ? 
  i agree , but under which law do you propose they be tried ? 
  they were spread across multiple countries ... 
  really , a lot of human progress was squandered between 2000-2008 . 
  we might have missed our best chance to prevent catastrophic climate change at reasonable cost , we failed to do anything to prevent 2008 , and we set the stage for a resurgence of war , violence , and ultranationalism after decades of improvement . 
  i do n't consider myself anti-american , but w deserves a lot of the blame . 
  yes , and it puts a lie to any claims about the us being the world police . 
  not like american police would be a good model ; even after you take out the shootings caused by untreated mental illness ( up to [ half ] ( http://www.treatmentadvocacycenter.org/home-page/71-featured-articles/2976-people-with-untreated-mental-illness-16-times-more-likely-to-be-killed-by-law-enforcement - ) of them in the us involve disabled people who fall through the cracks ) , untrained gun owners , and criminals with guns they should n't have , the idea of the world police being the same as the us police is terrifying . 
   using a choke-hold on a 42 year old caribbean man during his arrest leads to his death . 
  this resulted in several days of rioting in the neighborhood . 
  wow , quick to riot i see . 
   bike bicycle bike or motorcycle bike ? 
  the us is surprising considering how hard it is to get a visa . 
  how many just leave spain and go to germany where there are jobs everywhere ? 
  but your middle class seem also to do much better , and even the rich are pretty well off by us standards ( many european countries have more billionaires per capita than the us ) . 
  poor in western europe = upper middle class trust fund baby in usa . 
  yeah , i mean by us standards you 're basically rapper/nba player rich over there . 
  you all have benzes and bmws when you feel like taking a break from the bicycle , right ? 
  it 's `` ask europe '' , not `` ask a european '' . 
   dictators are n't possible in a constitutional monarchy . 
  i suppose the closest thing in some people 's minds would be oliver cromwell , where i live he is quite liked though . 
  i think people find the idea of marching into parliament and arresting everyone in there appealing . 
  they do n't really consider he did a lot of un-english things like banning christmas and football though . 
   and the ability of the monarch to be a despot was gradually wound down over + / - 600 years , from king john to queen victoria . 
  it 's impossible to draw a point at which the last `` dictatorial '' king reigned as there was generally a gradual turn towards democracy . 
  so he 's a very divisive figure ? 
  half are pissed he won the civil war and half are pissed that someone like him is n't still in power ? 
  it seems like for non-american nationalists it 's a battle between a neoliberal globalist and a brute force imperialist : whoever wins , we lose . 
  by european standards , northern cities tend to be butt ugly ; most of them either burned ( the abundant wood forests meant that timber frame was cheap but also that little was left after the periodic great fires ) or were razed during the world wars . 
  even a second or third tier italian city like gela is more attractive than 70 % of german and 95 % of finnish cities . 
  the result is that almost every mediterranean city is thronged with tourists who view it as a great wonder , not somewhere people live and work . 
  almost all these responses are either students or it people . 
  i guess i understand now better . 
  is calling americans backwards savages and saying you do n't like them as a people legal in nl ? 
  because i think i might have misinterpreted your laws . 
  what if i say `` i hate savage americans who 'll slaughter their own children rather than revisit gun control ! '', 
  is that illegal ? 
  the problem is that in my opinion criticizing a people or a culture , be it saudi muslims or americans , is healthy . 
  if you have to walk on eggshells while discussing how the american people vote for insane candidates and how saudi culture treats women like shit , it makes it hard for humanity to progress . 
  if i wanted to be an anti-american , it 'd perversely be easier for me to criticize the culture and values of americans here in the us than in the many european countries where , say , flag burning and saying negative things about a national origin are illegal . 
  it reminds me of an old soviet joke :  in soviet russia , we have freedom of speech . 
  you can stand outside the white house and yell `` down with reagan ! '', 
  same in russia . 
  you can stand in red square and yell `` down with reagan '' also . 
   pollocks that 's a mean word . 
  they 're called poles or polish people now . 
  unless there was an entire neighborhood of paint splatter artists in your hometown . 
  semi in london or listed manor in scotland ? 
  tough choice ... 
  in all sincerity , is the economy shit there ? 
  i added some detail in the comment . 
  i have 3 , a lot for an american : driver 's license . 
  my generic go to id . 
  prescriptions , voting , renting stuff ... 
  global entry card . 
  speeds up security at airports . 
  passport . 
  only use when traveling outside the usa . 
  house built in '08 ( technically a flat ) , office built in '80s , oldest building i was in today is a shop built in the 1930s . 
   pity that you did n't ask this last sunday . 
  then i could have said that the oldest building that i visited today is from late 13th century . 
  what was it ? 
  church ? 
   i have no idea what is the oldest building i have been in ... 
  does it have to be a house ? 
  do churches etc count ? 
  yes , if you 're in them regularly . 
  cool . 
  it 's definitely interesting the juxtaposition of old and modern . 
  of course some americans think every european lives either in a futuristic bond villain glass box or something from the middle ages . 
  i want more in depth answers based on personal experience . 
   i also often suspect the internet is making people more stupid .
