  those you talk about are a rounding error . 
  if you really care , help our black folk get to a country that cares about them . 
  i can not wait for the old guard of nationalists to age out so we can have a post-scarcity , multicultural world . 
  i for one think there might be a case for eu members to grant temporary asylum to black men from the us until we get our shit together . 
  mental health . 
  yup , that 's a big deal . 
  yes , that 's understandable . 
  it 's that the recent wave of car attacks and individual attempts to disarm officers are recent changes . 
  you do n't have the `` chivalrous '' ira who 'd warn of the existence of bombs beforehand . 
  instead you have lone wolf thugs . 
  although i have n't looked into the training issue much and i have heard some criticism of the low legal bar to prove justified use of force ( if the officer has probable cause that his life or that of others is in danger , he can open fire without being required to exhaust all other options first ) . 
  indeed , i think we 're on the same page here . 
  the low-level incompetence of police and shoddy record keeping makes it very hard to allocate responsibility . 
  but still , people in france , germany and the uk who wave realistic guns at people , who attempt to overpower and disarm armed officers , and who strike police with automobiles will get shot . 
  that just does n't happen in europe or at least it did n't before the rise of isis ; even the poorest and worst educated roma , somali , or turk in the eu would realize that is suicidal . 
  [ take a look at this shirt . 
  ] ( http://fi.b5z.net/i/u/378672/i/ec/blm2014.jpg ) left to right , top to bottom . 
  brandished a realistic gun at civilians leading to a 911 call , ruled natural , not killed by police , drove a car while drunk into police a la westminster . 
  not killed by police , allegedly got into struggle with cop for gun , ruled accidental , bra ndished a realistic gun at civilians again . 
  i 'd imagine all of the ones that resulted in lethal force in the us would in your nation too . 
  because it 's a lot cheaper and less time consuming than actually going to europe to get other opinions , 
  matter of dispute . 
  off to the gulags !, 
  yeah , thanks for the heads up . 
  i 've been misidentified often online . 
  at least he 's better than trump . 
  i feel like the whole world has gone idiotic these past few years . 
  it 's a low bar to be seen as a good government in the west nowadays . 
  thank charlemagne no . 
  that was a joke, 
  thought you were talking about trump for a second until i saw venstre . 
  he says he has $ 40,000 saved and might be eligible for daft . 
  i hope the eu adopts some sort of ideological screening for migrants before he comes to your continent . 
  we live in the middle of nowhere in terms of history and for various reasons ( distance , airfares , passport fees , worker laws ) can not afford to travel to europe . 
  you can not criticize americans for not knowing about how they 're viewed internationally and then criticize them for trying to learn unless you 're willing to give us $ 500 to fly here ourselves . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i see trump as a dubious crook , if not an usurper elected via bloodless coup , and the us as a modern-day rhodesia in which every state sets its own voting laws and many if not most fall short of international norms . 
  what country and what president ? 
  i have neither . 
  turkey ? 
  he does n't appear to be joking . 
  scary . 
  so i , an american , making jokes at the expense of americans could upset a european ? 
  so we 're kind of jerks so women have to be picky ? 
  i understand ... it 's a lot harder for a woman to force herself on a man vs the other way , and men tend to be more aggressive . 
  asked as a man . 
  elaborate please ? 
  it 's not like they 're going to sneak guns into their bodies . 
  the ocean is the best gun control money can buy . 
  that 's if you ca n't target continents . 
  the fact that most non-eu migrants are muslim or from deep sub-saharan africa is probably coloring their perception . 
  americans often rank higher than many eu countries when you poll individually . 
   do you think these people from fairly religious ( catholic ) countries willingly would move into a muslim ghetto ? 
  to me , that sounds like a recipe for disaster more than a solution . 
  at the national scale , yes . 
  european non-muslims are n't having enough kids to replace themselves , so importing people with a european culture but higher fertility rates should help it . 
   people who are at the risk of getting shot by the police probably are people who also happen have a high likelihood of committing crime , the main difference is that in the us cops are poorly trained and laws are permissive such that summary executions for misdemeanors happen and low-level police brutality is 10x as common . 
  it 's not like you see americans killing or hurting europeans . 
  admittedly , they 're kind of the ones radicalizing the muslim world by funding saudi arabia , but i feel like they 'd be more respectful of europeans . 
  until we are able to defeat the wahhabis and the ayatollahs , i think europe should try to diversify away from relying on the middle east to fill population gaps . 
  not a ban , just more diversity . 
  not planning to go anywhere , but i 've heard cz is one of the easiest countries for a moderately skilled american to get into the eu because they have that self-employed visa ( long name starting with a z ) , and there are still lots of people in the area who do n't speak good english if you want to teach , at least compared to a sweden or netherlands . 
  i 'm not talking refugees . 
  i 'm thinking about redesigning work visa programs to favor people from western cultures while getting some humanitarian benefits ( helping poor black men who 'd be at risk of getting shot by police and helping people get health insurance and jobs that pay a living wage ) . 
  the problem imo is that muslim-majority countries are over-represented in europe and so reinforce the cycle of ghettos . 
  if you dilute them with americans , mexicans , brazilians , haitians that might reduce the echo chamber effect . 
   and i doubt there 's a lot of americans that would want to move to europe . 
  how do you increase it ? 
  we ca n't force americans to immigrate here ( not that we would want to , it 's fine if americans want to come live in europe but it 's not something we `` need '' ) . 
    you 'd see much more demand if it was easy to get a visa . 
  and by the muslim world i 'm talking mena countries like pakistan and afghanistan . 
  deleting post . 
  do illegals get healthcare ? 
  meaning are you concerned about people from third world countries who could n't obtain visas committing crimes to postpone deportation , for instance ? 
  i see on reddit lots of americans talking about how nice norwegian or dutch prisons are . 
  i 'm talking about non-europeans coming to europe and committing crimes . 
  think sweden . 
  i 'm talking about non-europeans coming to europe and committing crimes . 
  think sweden . 
  you 're swedish !, 
  how can the government fuck up that bad that you do n't get the pensions you pay into ? 
  9 hours a day . 
  is that legal ? 
  pure curiosity . 
  i generally hear about european immigration = muslims in the us and was curious how you viewed other religious minority immigrants . 
  also , moldova but no germany is an easy way to get a stein of beer to the face . 
  a proud central european is either someone who definitely positively is not eastern european in spite of the slavic or magyar surname or is someone nostalgic for the days of gro\u00dfdeutschland . 
  it still is kind of arbitrary , though , and imo should n't be taken too seriously beyond focusing on economic and geopolitical alliances . 
  [ jutland ] ( http://www.visit-esbjerg.com/sites/default/files/styles/gallery_medium_width_mobile/public/asp/visitesbjerg/sport/esbjerg_torv_vinter.jpg?itok=f5jlny9o ) in denmark ( northern europe ) looks and feels more like the [ netherlands ] ( https://mw2.google.com/mw-panoramio/photos/medium/1211899.jpg ) or [ northern germany ] ( http://www.pd4pic.com/images/borkum-sea-island-north-sea-aerial-view.jpg ) than like , say , [ finland ] ( http://www.lakelandgte.fi/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/varkaus-rapids.jpg ) or [ swedish lapland ] ( https://farm5.staticflickr.com/4142/4754174143_55dcd42b33.jpg ) ( northern europe ) . 
  but does that mean that jutland is n't northern european ? 
  i would definitely say that there 's a west-central europe and an east-central europe . 
  germany/switzerland and slovakia/poland have a lot in common ( beer , cuisine , architecture ) , but germany has a lot of western european elements ( general affluence , social-democratic politics , tolerance towards lgbt people , recent immigration from eastern europe and mena ) while poland has some eastern influences ( slavic language , younger institutions , more homogeneous and conservative mindset ) . 
  the best wurst and the best beer !, 
  in monarchies , it 's wysiwyg . 
  no risk of a trump coming out of the blue . 
  thought you were norway for a sec and was like `` til sami do n't exist '' ... 
   the original settlement . 
  when was this ? 
  wow , til . 
  [ you deserve this .
