  cuba had to become self reliant , get its fossil fuel use under control , and focus its diplomacy on a less militaristic approach ( sending doctors , not aks , to countries when it wants to earn goodwill ) . 
  the same scenario could 've occurred if cuba was a capitalist holdout in a communist world order . 
  so , the answer in that case is `` both '' ? 
  also , if you look at how many elites spend much of their time either outside the us or in deep blue states with somewhat of a safety net , you can see that maybe it is n't that great at the top 1 % . 
  some could argue that china is a greater power , and it 's most definitely not developed . 
  i definitely find it odd how countries that profess social democracy at home act like pre-obamacare health insurers when it comes to immigration by targeting the ultra-rich . 
  i can see how they want to secure what they have but i think selling your country to the highest bidder eventually will bite you in the behind when you have all these people with no loyalty to social democracy moving in without any requirement to assimilate . 
  the rich russian , american , or chinese plutocrat who sees europe as a status symbol and who wants to enjoy the clean air and low strife of the social market economy only when it serves him is almost as much a danger as the ultra-orthodox syrian muslim . 
  it 's a nice short term way for countries like portugal , latvia , and greece to shore up their budgets and even has been proposed as a way to reduce infrastructure spending in isolated parts of denmark ( !, 
  ) , but it 's dystopian and at odds with the values they 're built on . 
  but not making it possible for people who really want to fit in is the definition of oligarchy and is un-european and antithetical to social democracy . 
  would i be looked at funny if i suggested that ? 
   it 's looking more and more like uncontrolled migrant immigration is not only a cultural and safety burden for the member states , but it 's creating an economic and human capital bubble that 's going to pop very soon . 
  bubble i feel is accurate in more ways than one ( american warning ) . 
  with the syrian crisis , germany and sweden saw significant `` pops '' in their gdp as a result of all the new housing and services that said migrants needed . 
  german community of belgium , ( and ) the netherlands . 
  they 're separate line items . 
  those numbers are per capita gdp . 
  also , by danish standards almost 80 % of americans are in poverty , arguably . 
  other eu countries are probably easier ... germany ( if you can scrape together 10,000 eur or get a loan for that amount you can study there and get a work visa when you graduate ) , nl ( look into the daft ) , czech/germany ( freelancer visas ) . 
  the uk is probably the hardest eu member for an american to get into . 
  on top of that , the slavic language is a pretty strong indicator of easternness . 
  economics + western countries have generally been more hospitable + western languages are more well-known among middle easterners . 
   great if you 're rich and healthy more like ok if you 're rich and healthy . 
  wealthy americans have a life expectancy comparable to low-income englishmen . 
  source : http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/02/ar2006050200631.html, 
  the devil 's advocate . 
  the good-but-not-great satan . 
  america 's horns . 
  there are many other names we could give them if you 're into anti-american theme naming . 
  the ostensibly neutral eea countries like you are satan 's enablers , the rest of nato is the possessed ... 
  1410 and 1569 have to du with the commonwealth , i imagine . 
  1795 - the russians ? 
  1918 - independence ? 
  1991 - independence strikes back 2004 - return of the eu i think 1253 might be christianization ? 
  american here . 
  and israel is the little satan ... does that mean canada is satan 's apprentice ? 
  whatever you say , / u/stuckinbuttholeville . 
  good to know !, 
   remember you ca n't drink beer and drive . 
  you also legally need extra things in your car for these countries that uk do n't for france , breathalyzers , germany first aid kit and warning triangle ... buy a mainland europe car kit off amazon or halfords . 
  if driving at night , you 'll need to put reflector stickers on car headlamps or you 'll dazzle oncoming drivers , they should be in the same kit . 
  wait , if you 're going to drive from france to germany you need all the things needed in france and all the things needed in germany ? 
  i thought that was only if the car was registered in germany . 
  the whole talk about `` establishment economics '' , when even those on the left wing of the economic spectrum disagree with his policies he can just imply that most of the world 's economists are an arm of the washington establishment . 
  you can pick just one of those . 
  if you want to stay less active , look into the stockholm archipelago . 
  small islands with ferries and charming small towns ; in august it 's like the caribbean without the crime or hurricanes . 
  stockholm is rather isolated by european standards . 
  maybe try throwing in either riga or tallinn and ending up in helsinki ? 
  alternately , copenhagen/malmo . 
  2 days in tallinn , maybe , and hop a ferry to finland . 
  i believe there are flights from finland to the us . 
  sweden is still participating in much of schengen , and being able to withdraw in times of crisis is an established part of it . 
  the open land borders component is * de facto * dead after a large number of members adopted checks or even closed borders in 2015 . 
  i think only spain , portugal , and the baltics did n't see at least one of their borders screened . 
  there are lots of other benefits to being in schengen ; it 's not just no border checks . 
  sweden still enjoys harmonized visas , and people flying from sweden to other parts of schengen face much less hassle than otherwise . 
  also , many other eu countries have implemented border checks in the past 24 months ; these countries would be at risk of leaving too . 
  i do n't live there , but i 've spent quite a bit of time in french , dutch , and british territories in the caribbean . 
  you do n't really feel like you 're in the host country when you 're in sint maarten at least ; english is the predominant language and the usd is the predominant currency . 
  it feels very much like any other anglo-caribbean island . 
  st. martin on the french side definitely feels more french in terms of cuisine , language , and architecture , and st. barth even more so , although in st martin the open border with the dutch side means you still get tons of anglo-caribbean influence in language and demographics . 
  a random francophone is more likely to be haitian or a french expat than a native . 
  anguilla and bermuda , as well as the cayman islands from what i 've heard , are very american and seem almost like florida but with hills and people driving on the left side . 
  good luck trying to pay for something in kent with a northern irish banknote . 
  just because they 're technically legal in england does n't mean that all people are familiar with them and know what to do with them . 
  i 've heard horror stories ... 
   there are some area you should avoid - like any eu capital - because gangs be there . 
  but tourist ai n't be near there anyway . 
  in most eu capitals , they 're inner-suburban low income housing projects that have no real attraction to tourists . 
  marzahn in east berlin is unique in that it has a lot of far-right activity . 
  possibly also k\u00e4rrtorp because they had some political riots back in 2013 , but still not a big deal . 
  yes , there are some areas where you are at risk of being robbed or harassed , and you should stay away from protests , but most of these are areas with few major attractions . 
   gun ownership emblematic of violence and correlated with a high rate of premature deaths from violence and suicide as well as militarized police  abortion i believe in the right to life and many fetuses can feel pain . 
  if you 're into tokenism , albania would be a better muslim country as it 's even more secular , more democratic , has few border disputes , and already borders an eu member . 
  also , geography . 
  it borders no eu members ( turkey borders two ) and is geographically and politically close to iran and russia , both fiercely anti-eu . 
  there is no large azeri minority in the eu and few european expats in azerbaijan , so it 's quite distant both in terms of accession and in terms of people 's general awareness . 
  social democracy , good quality of life guaranteed for citizens if they contribute, 
  i agree with you on the issues , but sanders is kind of conspiratorial at times . 
  i do n't want a paranoid president . 
  well , for policy if i were european i 'd favor requiring citizens to take an oath to social capitalism in order to vote and would support a basic income in the tens of thousands . 
  i 'd probably ban private health insurance and lobbying that is counter to indigenous european values . 
  is that something to go off of ? 
  the two dutch and two british answers were very different . 
  even on the us-based / politicaldiscussion i got everything from loony left to feel-good platitudes . 
  i feel like the economics and the cultural stuff might be a bit more extreme , but as goals most except the religious ones are uncontroversial platitudes . 
  what about on the economics ? 
  keep in mind that i think the ttip is a huge giveaway and that even scandinavia is far too unequal for my liking . 
  i 'm getting everything from left-wing authoritarian to far-right to centrist liberal on here ; am i that eclectic ? 
  i generally follow a `` what would jesus , muhammad , buddha , and the vedas say/do '' attitude and find myself following pope francis generally . 
  i did n't realize europe was that far left . 
  i thought pretty much all eu members allow gun ownership and are generally more tolerant of inequality than i am . 
  and by welfare i mean probably close to $ 20,000 / year for a single and $ 40,000 for a household - enough to live decently . 
  western eu countries should be able to have a 0 % poverty rate . 
  on average , though - left , right , or center ? 
  also the bee gees lived there and you have a race of some sort . 
  - you could volunteer or travel . 
  even work under the table a bit .
