nudity has nothing sexual at all . 
  why do you think people get naked to have sex ? 
  you 're not making sense . 
  it 's not that rural , most people live around the milwaukee or madison areas which are quite nice . 
  definitely has a higher standard of living than bosnia . 
  living in sf or nyc would n't automatically give you more exciting life anyway . 
  also it 's only 1 c colder than sanski most right now . 
  for the russians being forcibly deported , i 'm sure it was pretty bad as well . 
  but they were forced to do so to dilute native populations and make a ussr that had less problems with ethnic separatism . 
   at the fall of the ussr , 25 million ethnic russians found themselves in other countries . 
  we all know who suffered most from forced deportations . 
  this is * after * the ussr . 
  while the soviet union existed and spread its people around strategically , russians did comparatively better than ethnic minorities . 
   being black does n't mean you 're culturally black . 
  obama was born into a wealthy family and raised by a white mother . 
  it 's ridiculous to suggest he 's culturally unlike white americans . 
  no one in the us would agree with you on this . 
  i doubt many in russia would agree with you on this . 
  obama is a black american . 
  this conversation has really derailed . 
   russification is , per definition , the forced deportation of russians to non-russian regions . 
  i 've never seen the term used that way as a general definition . 
  it 's more about importing russian culture on people who are not russian ( e.g. 
  forcing lithuanians to speak russian ) . 
  still , importing or encouraging russian migration to areas ( like the baltic states ) is helpful if you 're deporting the people who already are there . 
  otherwise they would just be depopulating the area . 
   besides , obama is technically white by culture . 
  in technical terms , he is biracial . 
  but in america that means you 're non-white . 
  no one here thinks he is white except for black nationalists that feel betrayed by him . 
  i would say forced deportation of non-russians and spreading russian culture to people who did n't want it , even if it was directed by a non-russian , is oppression by russian culture . 
  similarly , obama is the most powerful american and is a black man but that does n't change white oppression of ordinary black men . 
  also , ethnic russians were a majority even in 1989 ( if just by a percentage point ) . 
  i meant after the real early days when they were trying to figure out how a socialist country would work , after lenin 's death , when stalin went for soviet hegemony and really got into russification , like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification#late_1930s_and_wartime:_russian_comes_to_fore ) . 
  here 's what i meant : white people in the us are slavic , hungarian , germanic , british , etc as long as their skin is vaguely white . 
  persians are white in the us . 
  we seem to agree on this . 
  in the ussr , two white people from different ethnicities are different groups and russian influence steered the policies of the ussr . 
  russian dominance is what made the ussr a continuation of the russian empire with a different political ideology . 
  i 'm certainly not conflating `` whiteness '' with being russian , i 'm doing the opposite . 
  there were many white ethnicities in the ussr who were oppressed by russian power . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , though . 
  stalin and khrushchev , for example , have different ethnic backgrounds but to an american it 's two white guys . 
  that 's why americans would n't see it as ethnic diversity in political positions . 
  also , russification ( by an ethnic georgian , no less ) was a pretty big part of ethnic policy in the early ussr so it 's not like russians gave up what the russian empire was doing in regards to ethnic minorities . 
  they were the most powerful ethnic group in the ussr and they threw their weight around . 
  you 're comparing `` white americans '' from many different ethnic backgrounds to ethnic russians who are one ethnicity . 
  it 's two different standards . 
  white ethnic russians and white ethnic estonians would be in the same group in the us but not in the soviet union , for example . 
  i know , you 're right . 
  it 's just not high on the priorities list, 
  i think wikipedia has an article with a list of some of the prisoners at adx florence and why they 're in there . 
  you should check it out, 
  maybe i 'm missing some nuance because i had to google translate your source , but every census i 've seen has the us foreign born population around 15 % and canada even higher than that . 
  a [ un report ] ( http://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/migration/data/estimates2/estimatestotal.shtml ) from 2013 had belgium at ~ 10 %, 
  i know , i speak polish . 
  i live in the us and my own legal name is changed because i have a letter that does n't exist in english . 
  which is fine . 
  the lithuanian government should n't be expected to accommodate a foreign different alphabet in legal documents but you should n't pretend that it 's the same name . 
  they 're still two different names, 
  frankly i think both of you are discussing a moot point , there wo n't be a non-limited conventional war between china and the us and especially not on mainland chinese soil in the next 50 years . 
  the idea is absurd . 
  the chinese have no hope of getting across the pacific to the us and the chinese would n't allow even the smallest beachhead before using tactical nuclear bombs long before . 
  there 's also the point that there 's no reason to invade and occupy anymore . 
  it 's a waste of resources and people for no strategic purpose . 
  canada may poke fun about domestic policy but in foreign policy they 're almost identical and in some ways even more aggressive , and they 're a close ally with basically zero problems with the us . 
  mexico obviously is not saying their northern neighboring country is bad for them . 
  much of their economic base only exists because demand from the us , which is why the northern mexican states have a relatively high gdp/capita and well-functioning industry . 
  wow that 's strange , we still learn a lot of latin names here ( no english name for ductus arteriosus , for example ) so i do n't know why s/he would do that . 
  i guess what i was getting at is that doctors do n't speak in latin though , so two doctors from different cultures would still have very limited communication and no ability to speak to each other 's patients . 
   that 's less of a problem because latin . 
  that does n't really help at all , latin names are really only used for anatomic structures or disease names and does n't help with communicating with patients/other doctors beyond that . 
  additionally latin is less used in medicine now than ever ( at least in the us , not sure about germany ) , half of the anatomic structures are just named in straight english where i study . 
  if anything , medicine presents more problems than other professions because of all the extra terminology , eg i know polish but have a real hard time speaking to a polish patient about their condition for a lack of specific medical words . 
  it 's not impossible but it 's very competitive ( foreign doctors mostly get less desirable specialties like family practice , lower quality programs , less desirable locations ) and they have to re-do their medical training which involves long hours and tough standardized exams . 
  there is no simple nostrification like in other countries . 
  i 'm talking about the same thing, 
  you would be a normal person in mexico , not a tourist from a rich country visiting cancun . 
  the major cities of mexico do not have a similar standard of living to major us cities, 
  which is a bad thing . 
  i voted for clinton and thought she would be a placeholder until things got better , but merkel is clearly not going to cut it as a supranational leader . 
  i disagree . 
  and it 's pretty clear that `` the people of europe '' disagree with this sentiment as well, 
  i do n't understand . 
  i said that they are going to challenge the us at some point in the next four years . 
  they have already . 
  these challenges happen at all times , other countries with their own interests do n't wait until we 're on a downturn or `` on top '' . 
  i 'm worried because his administration is too unpredictable . 
  four years is a long time and thing happen quickly . 
  a military challenge from china ( or russia , nk , iran ) would invariably lead to him making a stupid decision, 
  i am acutely aware . 
  in the end , i probably wo n't die as a result of this, 
  that 's what i think will happen . 
  pence , priebus , and the rest of the scum in the rnc will grab the reins in domestic matters . 
  foreign affairs are anyone 's guess, 
  they may be angry but they 'll redirect it like they always do . 
  the working people of this country have been doing that since the early 1950s . 
  it will never be against the rich scum who spit in their face every time . 
  i would be gone way before i 'd need a gun to protect myself against social change . 
  i made a life for myself here but i 'm still a eu citizen,
