wow google ... the automatically generated sub titles are in italian . 
  neither did the original settlers . 
  i 'm am getting your point , my point however , simply is that you wo n't get the data you 'd want if you would only ask if those people are working in a field relevant to their degree . 
  that could give you relevant results , but it does n't neccessarily have to do so , i 'd have to think about that for a bit . 
  yes , but a statistic about how many of those graduates have a job in their relevant fields wo n't help you determine if their working at tesco/in cafes . 
  i mean , just as a quick example : i know a handfull of graduated physicists , two of those are software developers , one is a journalist , one is a scientist in medical technology , one is working in administration and one teaches physics in school . 
  so , out of those , there would be 16 % working in their relevant field , but 0 % working at something comparable to tesco/a cafe . 
   still the original point stands : are they employed in their relevant field ? 
  how does that matter when there 's a shit ton of fields that are so broad that seemingly half of the jobs availabe are relevent and when there are fields where it 's totally normal to find a job outisde of said field ? 
   economics , engineering , law , computer science and medicine anything else would 've surprised me :p, 
  which is n't too important , as there are quite a few fields that will most likely have you end up in professions barely related to your studies . 
   tertiary education so no , not high school , that 'd be secondary education . 
  which is why the title is incorrect , indeed . 
  that is still not what the title says , the title talks about beach volley ball , not women 's beach volleyball , making the title invalid , although i 'll agree , the original  germany , not europe you dummy . 
  comment makes no sense . 
  well , that 's not what the title says . 
  this graph does n't only refer to studying though , it also includes vocational training . 
  getting shit done without doing either of those is pretty damn hard/rare . 
  the linked table goes by golds ( and by silvers on a tie , etc. 
  ) , otherwise gb would be behind china , so in this context it 's by golds . 
   but keeping bad press away from government policies they did that for what ? 
  one day ? 
  and mostly , if not only , in cologne . 
   then why exactly did they initially withhold information about these attacks because they felt it was the right thing to do ? 
  heck , how would i know , i 'm not the person deciding things at cologne 's police departments . 
  however , this is still not a way to justify refugee policies , even if it was an effort by the government or whomever , it would just keep `` bad press '' away from said policies , but not justify them . 
   why did they try to cover up which people did it ? 
  because that was not entirely clear and heck , still is n't to this day ? 
  no , that 's not a gramatical error . 
  you 're simply stating that the police is doing anything in order to justify government policy 's , which is not the fucking case either . 
  that 's not what police does . 
   it 's not too far fetched to see the german police ( which already covered up a lot of these attacks ) pretending to know that people are lying ** in an effort to justify their refugee policy ** til in the netherlands , the police is responsible for politics . 
  iirc , they did just that , read out an official statement written by erdogan , but i might be mistaken . 
  oh , i 'm too , that 's why i started joking ... 
  i 'm sorry , what do you mean ? 
  i have no idea , the word `` disagree '' did n't exist in that form during the 13th century : l, 
  once again , meanings change , england is n't the land of the angles anymore , it 's the land of the english and that 's also what it means . 
  so you 'd rather say that england is the land of the angles than say that england is the land of the english ? 
  interesting , very interesting , indeed . 
  but that is exactly what gives meaning to words , being spoken , nothing more , nothing less . 
  once again , it meant `` eastern realm '' to the people that have lived hundreds of years ago , but it does n't mean that to anybody who lives today , which in turn means that , no , it does not have that meaning , it had said meaning . 
  so you say that '' \u00d6ster '' is a word in current german ? 
   so does england ( angle-land ) no longer mean `` land of the angles ? '', 
  does frankreich no longer mean `` realm of the franks ? '', 
  no , they do n't , atleast not in any language that is spoken today . 
   \u00d6sterreich does , in fact , mean eastern realm . 
  once again , no it does not . 
  it once did , if even that . 
  if you want to complain about a country 's name , complain about the netherlands . 
   \u00d6sterreich literally means `` eastern realm , '' which is super generic . 
  this is what you said , this is what the original objection is about . 
  no , \u00d6sterreich literally means just that '' \u00d6sterreich '' , nothing less nothing more . 
  but that does not matter , as most countries have very similar names . 
  the `` land of the angles '' , the `` land of the francs '' , once again , the `` land of the people '' , etc. 
   what point , exactly , are you trying to prove ? 
  that it does n't make no sense to counter a comment like this `` but nobody has used the that phrase with that meaning for centuries '' with `` but it used to mean that for centuries '' it adds nothing new to the table , nothing at all , so , as you repeat yourself , i repeat somebody else 's point . 
   by stating that the current word is slightly different from the root that `` austria '' came from . 
  but it is . 
  nobody would ever think of \u00d6sterreich as the `` eastern realm '' , such as nobody would refer to deutschland as the `` people 's land '' ... 
  the way you just ignored the fact that you were just telling somebody who obviously knows something about german a very basic word in german was indeed quite rude . 
  i figured since your attitude was generally rude , ignorant and kinda hostile ( thanks to the caps lock in your original statement ) , i could give you something of your own medicine . 
  please , do n't remind me of the endless suffering these creatures have to go through !, 
  it truly is , like , why 'd you name kangoroos after fictional characters ? 
  although i 'll admit , this is quite common for any sort of animal . 
  do you really think that the appearant german who told you that fucking nobody who lived during this or the last century used the word '' \u00d6ster '' as a synonym for `` osten '' or '' \u00f6stlich '' , does not know what east means in german ? 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's ok grammar wise , they just do n't make clear that the big headline , the actual counter statement comes directly from simonis . 
  am i dumb or is that title gramatically wrong ? 
  is n't there a verb missing ? 
  well , as they should . 
  just because the uk does n't do jackshit , the eu is n't bound to being as planless as them . 
  it 's not even sure that you will leave tho . 
   germans just do n't care . 
  not entirely true , it 's mostly considered a childish , useless insult though , i 'd say . 
  that said , i remember somebody gesturing with that finger in someones face for two minutes in a talkshow some years back , dude did n't notice , other guy did n't care because of that ... 
  if they do a classtrip to a kz , then they are obviously . 
  you got ta attend classtrips . 
  i think my class is the only class of our school that did n't visit a kz due to some stupid bureaucratic nonesense . 
  the ottoman empire and another germany , to be precise . 
   there 's plenty of patriotism here nowadays . 
  compared to other countires , no , not at all . 
  i mean yes , there 's expceptions , but a lot of those can indeed be rightfully called nazis  also comparing that with the versailles treaty , i do n't even ... now on that , i agree 100 % - wtf ? 
  which is understandable really , i mean , they 're basically getting a huge middle finger from the eu since over 10 years , do we really expect them to still want to join us ? 
  this is for a different kind of vote though . 
  the parliament of your home country does not affect people living abroad nearly as much as this particular vote . 
  yes , but i do n't think they would be that quick , as both , leaving the eu and leaving the uk should be ( and are , afaik ) rather complicated and lengthy processes . 
   neither are in the schengen agreement anyway i know , but they are , atleast in some way , cooperating with schengen , are n't they ? 
   i was going to ask if you are irish :d well , op has a northern ireland flair ... , 
  i think they should also think about scotland . 
  the scotts are really pro eu , atleast to my knowledge of surveys and i 'd expect them to have a nother vote about their independence/rejoining the eu , should the uk leave the eu . 
   and i literally have nightmares about border controls going up again that 's schengen though , not eu , is n't it ? 
  i love how you ca n't even vote when you lived outside of the uk for more than 15 years . 
  source : i know a british guy , who also has the irish citizenship , because that was easier to get for his dublinborn kid than the british one and is living here in germany with his indian wife . 
   that is n't true . 
  america takes in the most permanent immigrants out of any country in the world . 
  interestingly enough , these sentences do n't have anything to do with each other . 
  who would 've thunk that you 'd spoint rubbish ? 
  well , hamburg is quite nice in this aspect ( busses suck tho ) , but when one does check a route ( via geofox e.g. ), 
  one does pretty much check the time table aswell , so there 's that . 
  aside of delays , you 'll usually have to wait 5 min , if even that , which is bearable .
