  holy fuck, 
  i think calling us russians is bad , but that 's pure ignorance , at least it has a reason , soviet occupation and all that ... 
  the worse thing would be calling us slavs . 
  now * that 's * fucked up . 
  it 's called `` knowing our damn place '', 
  maybe it the per capita stats have risen exactly because of the emigration ? 
  that 's why eu 's a blessing , imo . 
  hell , i even dream for a federalized europe , but i realize that it 's a bit too much for most people , as far as i understand . 
  mate , this is our only chance to actually be relevant in any kind of way . 
  it 's either the eu or we go under russian influence , and i 'm pretty sure the eu option gives us more independence than russia . 
  it 's the fault of the world 's situation that trying to be 100 % independent is really not a good idea . 
  somewhat surprising , yes . 
  the catch-up rates are kinda impressive when it 's put that way , considering the whole soviet situation was n't that long ago ... 
  the mindset of `` we 're the poorest corner of the eu '' is still deep rooted , and probably will be for a loooooooong time . 
  especially considering the massive flow of people towards the west . 
  gee , i wonder whose fault it is that our country is less desirable than the west , hmmmmmmm ... 
  besides , letting people mass-emigrate is still morally better than locking them in , is n't it ? 
  the country will survive some setbacks if it means that we 're going in the right path - which we are . 
  point is , it 's much easier to decide to take some worthless nations than defending them . 
  especially when they can have `` historical '' excuses ( oh these poor nations were occupied by the evil west ) , or perhaps a good old `` russian minority protection '' ( latvia and estonia are more vulnerable to that one ) , etc. 
  russia would have to be pretty damn dumb to actually test the alliance , so we ca n't be too worried , and yet , we ca n'tr be completely calm about this either . 
  yes , but that 's not connected to the main part of the country , which really does n't help . 
  any time the sea ices over , so does the sea access to kaliningrad . 
  warm water access to the baltic sea ? 
  the coast they have now tends to freeze over in the winters . 
  but , truly the biggest reason to be doubtful is the uncertainty whether help will actually arrive to save some small nations that are of little worth . 
  nah mate , it 's just that we love the west . 
  almost like our saviors , really . 
  if you ask about anything non-western , it 'll be anywhere from `` i do n't know '' to `` i hate them '' . 
  i seriously find that 38 % on russia way too much to the point where i 'm questioning the data . 
  must be more like 10-20 % . 
  oh , and if you ask about our own country , we 'll bring the noose and chair . 
  i mean , yeah , i get what you mean , it 's just that the street is so short and does n't have too much traffic , i thought `` but why ? '', 
  in the sense that there probably are streets that need it more than that one did . 
  still very good to have , not complaining about that at all . 
  it 's difficult to name any truly `` life-changing '' ones , but the sheer amount of them sort of is , though . 
  like , the best example i can personally give you - my home street . 
  used to be pretty worn down , then one time it got torn down , re-asphalted , new sidewalks , and of course , a `` this is an eu-funded project blah blah blah '' sign plopped down . 
  it 's really short , too , so i was like `` what 's the point ? 
  '' , but it 's nice either way . 
  what can i say ... gib eu money pls . 
  thanks . 
  seriously though . 
  there are soooooo many `` this is an eu-funded project '' signs , and i 'm glad for it . 
  ah yes , a map about this . 
  again . 
  it almost feels like it 's the only thing we 're known for at this point . 
  we live in a magical land where populism does n't exist . 
  obviously . 
  now , how is that possible ? 
  ca n't be that difficult to ask google `` where is tallinn ? '', 
  whenever you forget , right ? 
  i do n't know exactly , but it must be connected to our also abnormal suicide stats too . 
  interwar sort of ruined everything . 
  considering how population is trending ... nah we 'll be gone soon enough . 
  it 's weird using fertility while emigration/immigration seems to decide everything in europe . 
   eastern europe 's answer to benelux ehh , not gon na lie , pretty damn weak answer . 
  benelux is difficult to beat . 
   tallinn was really the first town in the former russian empire to be taken over by bolsheviks . 
  hmmm so estonia is the true reason why the soviet union happened huh ? 
  how could you ?? 
   lithuania is in same economical level as czechia kek, 
  pretty sure there 's a big difference of attitude towards ww2 in germany and japan . 
   in the same vein , we view some asian historical figures far less negatively . 
  the most obvious case being the japanese imperial flag . 
  many think it looks cool , but that 's the equivalent of the nazi germany flag ... 
  please give us a few degrees , our summer has been awfully cool . 
  just not too much please , like 5 will be enough . 
  thanks . 
  i mean ... yeah it really is n't real communism . 
  that 's because real communism is n't achievable . 
  ... how did you manage to drag refugees into this ? 
  holy shit the topic is ww2 . 
  more like stalin . 
  to be fair , germany is an exception , not the rule , in terms of admitting past mistakes . 
  a damn fine exception that should be the rule in the entire world , but really is n't . 
  not yet . 
  bait harder , it 's too weak, 
  it 's ok friend , 
  i was hoping we 'd end up in an infinite chain of you blessing and me thanking . 
  oh well , missed opportunity . 
  oh i 'm sorry , where i 'm from , we sneeze to show gratitude . 
  a\u010di\u016b for your blessings . 
  huh , til i share my birthday with switzerland . 
  i must go full neutral . 
  it is my destiny . 
  you know , i never understood the `` gay = pedophile '' perception . 
  it 's just so illogical to me . 
  and while you 're recovering , we are also , but it 's apparent that we 're in a much deeper hole than you are ... rotten soviet mentality is deep here , for whatever reason . 
  and then , because it is a 5-time average , he does that 4 more times . 
  yep , similar stuff here . 
  lithuanian population was 3.5 m just after independence , now it 's more like 2.8 m. 
  the emigration accelerated after 2008 . 
  [ reference , for those unaware ] ( https://xkcd.com/327/ ), 
  economic growth outpacing the loss of demand ? 
  i hope that 's what it is . 
  somehow , i do n't think the ones who are europhilic/euroenthusiastic are also the ones who support what poland 's government is doing ... 
  my country seeks to raise the legal age for alcohol to 20 . 
  clearly , we 're turning into a worse dictatorship than you are . 
  i think it was more of a reason before modern times , and it should be much less important today ...
