shut up , evil twin ^ ^ / s, 
  the whole commonwealth thing with poland pretty much did that . 
  does english fluency even matter in many jobs ? 
  i 'm asking this because i do n't have any experience with work , really , but many jobs really do n't seem like they need the use english ... 
  absolutely , also because we joined nato on the same day . 
  i do n't want to say that we would 've ended up like ukraine without it ( it 's an entirely different situation ) , but it certainly would be more likely ... 
  would not be surprised if they thought like `` aw , those poor baltics , occupied by the evil west , we 'll free you as soon as we can ... '' and i 'm not sure if we should be scared or laughing . 
  only 7 % ? 
  pretty sure we suffered more than that , with little hope of most of them returning . 
  probably from both understanding each other 's languages , just not enough to speak it themselves ( e.g the lithuanian speaker knowing enough russian and the russian speaker knowing enough lithuanian , but neither enough to speak their conversation partner 's language ) baltic tribes ( and therefore , languages ) were very pressured by slavic people throughout history , that 's why only 2 major languages remain . 
  not only the s , but vowel + s , primairly - as and - is . 
  while - s without a vowel before it sounds much more latvian . 
  what was the deleted comment ? 
  woah why are we getting that much ? 
  i mean , ca n't truly complain , but come on . 
  i actually feel somwhat guilty now . 
  just showed the map to my roommate . 
  roommate : `` well at least one side of europe is good '' me : `` which one ? '', 
  roommate : `` the east of course '' me : \u0ca0_\u0ca0 \\* stares \\* roommate : `` on the other hand , sure , why not legalize it . 
  less retards . '', 
  me : \u0ca0_\u0ca0 [ angry staring intensifies ] damn it . 
  still pretty sad that we 're that intolerant though ... 
  in my opinion at least . 
  if you were n't prepared for ~ 0 celsius temperatures , then you have some preparation to do in the coming months . 
   15\u00bac  cold choose one . 
  i meant it in a somewhat joking manner and i did mention that it 's merely a hypothesis , so i 'm not sure what 's the problem . 
  edit : for anyone who does n't know , lithuanian * lietus * means rain , and * - uva * is a relatively rare suffix used for place names . 
  while the true origin of * lietuva * is not known , that is one of the few hypotheses for it . 
  they forgot we exist . 
  and then they wonder why it is like this . 
  i do n't think you need to go that far south , unless you really need that gigabit over our 600mbit well , ok , admittedly , the cost is significantly more . 
  still . 
  good question , why * are * we in the eu ? 
  good point . 
  except , you know , if the music was universally terrible , no one would listen to those radio stations . 
  ... why twerking ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  huh , so much support for eu in general from us . 
  i like it . 
  legit question from an economic noob - what does an `` overvalued currency '' mean ? 
  i mean , considering i remember nothing from the russian classes in school , and then i did n't take anything other than english for 11th-12th , i 'd agree with the 41 % stat if we mean `` people who actually learned 2 + foreign languages '' . 
  you say that and then many other people are suprised when we 're concerned ... 
  it 's from the old lithuanian word sekmas ( seventh ) . 
  it 's good . 
  as long as i keep my fiber optic internet connection , i do n't care too much . 
  gee , if germany is a failed state , then i 'm living in a goddamn wasteland . 
  a high percentage , probably , yes . 
  i personally do n't , but i was the one who was near doing it . 
  before you ask , yeah , i 'm ok nowadays . 
  we 're # 3 in the world by alcohol consumed per capita . 
  i think that one has something to do with it . 
  we felt that one too . 
  very enlightening indeed ... 
  i 'm still confused about the fact that we 're so different from other post-soviet countries though . 
  meh , if it was `` just a remnant of soviet '' , we 'd be up around the same level as the polish or the estonians ... 
  this is something else , i think . 
   then terminate them entirely instead of leaving yourself to be in constant threat by a country whose history is filled with genocides ???? 
  you basically want to genocide an entire nation , because it caused a genocide . 
  what the fuck, 
  income , on the other hand ... 
  well , you 're not wrong , but i am of the opinion that the more areas have wealth , the better it is for humanity overall in the sense that now those people can help advance technology and such . 
  and helping more people live well in itself is a good goal , it 's just that it 's not worth it to cripple the livelihoods by a lot in order to help spread wealth and development to others , i agree on that . 
  it 's one of the few major reasons that is a difficult goal to begin with ... 
  the differences are big , yes , but becoming a single state would certainly help in making these changes fast . 
  else ... that will take a long time . 
  we 're talking a hundred year , if not even a multi-hundred year timescale . 
  it 's a highly difficult task , and there 's very much room to fuck it up , indeed , but to say that `` it will not happen '' is highly unfair imo . 
  let 's just say , some polish people living in vilnius and around that area are incredibly annoying , and they think you 're the same ... to effectively trigger any lithuanian , just say `` wilno nasze '' seriously . 
  meh , i can forgive lithuania/latvia mixup . 
  i like the idea of that , surely it ca n't be that difficult ... 
  ah commieblocks . 
  fucking ugly , but at least somewhat convenient and cheap . 
  that and it allows for easy fiber optic internet access - it 's more worth it for isps to connect to these than individual houses . 
  alcoholism is a massive problem here , actually . 
  not sure about the other 2 , but we 're esssentially topping the charts of consumed alcohol per capita . 
  edit : [ here , a wiki link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ), 
  i can explain this easily - i got a massive addiction to lol . 
  damn , no fiber optic where you live ? 
  rip, 
  wait are you serious it 's always symmetrical here ( i have 300 down but also 300 up ) , as far as i 've seen at least . 
  huh . 
  ah , torrenting . 
  one of the better uses of such speeds . 
  have n't done any torrenting in recent times , though ... 
  i 'll stay with 300mbit ( which is already overkill ) and save a few euros a month , thanks . 
  that 's `` why not '' . 
   proof god loves poland idk , history has shown that this is not the case ... 
  high internet speed is not one of the necessities , though . 
  having more than 100mbit just does n't help with anything else . 
  i could get 1gbit right now , but , why tho . 
  that knight on a horse ( called vytis , it is our coat of arms ) made it onto all of the lithuanian euro coins , so he 's still here . 
  here , an extremely condensed history of lithuania : lithuania began as a kingdom in 1236 , turned into a grand duchy after our first ( and only ) king died , then eventually polish-lithuanian commonwealth formed in 1569 . 
  plc died in 1795 , and then at 1918-02-16 , independence was declared - this is essentially the birth of the modern lithuanian nation-state . 
  then soviets happened in 1940 , and then independence was restored in 1990-03-11 . 
  re-establish the commonwealth , become the dominant force in the eu , form the eu federation . 
  genius plan . 
  silly north-german , finland = north-east-east germany ... 
  slight mistake there , `` su gimtadieniu , lietuva ! '', 
  would be correct . 
  thanks !,
