  if a country tries to leave its currency becomes worthless and a depression hits . 
  oh when i said forced i meant the were going for policys that would result in unification . 
  somewhat right . 
  when you say `` if you want more say , step up . 
  the only reason germany is as dominant as it is , is that no one but us wanted anything to do with furthering the eu , thus there was no one else to take the rudder . 
  everyone else has only been talking about all the bad stuff the eu supposedly ( or unsupposedly ) caused , no wonder their governments completly missed the opportunity to shape what the eu does and looks like . '', 
  what you mean is , everyone was fine with it being a trade organization , then germany using its majority of seats . 
  began to alter it into a machine to force intergration , using the freedom of movement at the start , then by creating the euro . 
  a artificial currency regulated by germany . 
  designed to make seperation impossible and to keep german control of europes money . 
  your right it is far more than the trade organization it originated from . 
  its now a german attempt to control europes smaller states through shared currency . 
  in my eyes its a abomination . 
  it has to be burned . 
  no part of the eu is designed to be mutually benifitial , its entire purpose seems to be to bind all of europe togther in an new holy roman empire . 
  and as usual its germany calling the shots in this glorious empire, 
  you should be sorry , but not for me . 
  if the eu dose federalize i garantee ireland will become poor . 
  without any control of our currency the euro will only be ajusted to fix german not irish intrests . 
  our corporation tax will be raised as the eu gains powers over our laws . 
  so you shouldent be sorry for me , but rather ireland . 
  if we follow your path , we will be cut off from our biggest tradeing parthners and allies us and uk . 
  why are you supporting this ? 
  and thats the pragmatic argument . 
  the argument about freedom is still very much in the air . 
  we fought the british for hundreds of years to get freedom from an oppressive union , why do you want to join another ? 
  then theres the common every day issues . 
  the north is very undecided , will the eu enforce a checkpoint like in the troubles ? 
  what about the free movement of people and goods with the british that ireland arranged before the eu ? 
  is that stopped ? 
  thats all it should be . 
  so do you agree with my statement or not , you just dodged it . 
  we signed up to an tradeing organization . 
  what we got was an german controlled union . 
  if it were up to me we would have left when the euro was being introduced , its clearly a way to force dependance on the eu . 
  my country missed the past 25 years , i didnt . 
  again i must stress this is not a country even though everyone in brussels is trying to make it that way . 
  lets say 2 countrys join a trade organization . 
  both get 1 seat . 
  this is not dependant on how powerful or weak a country is . 
  everyone in this mutual guild gets 1 . in awnser to your question , democracy is for countrys which are by the people , for the people , trade leagues are a group of soverign countries that have a trade deal . 
  its not dependant on people at all . 
  emm , we tried to seek out allies . 
  but it didnt matter because its germany . 
  they bullied us and now we have to do as they say . 
  and despite what you say germany is still by far the strongest in the eu both politically and economically . 
  why do you think merkel was able to unilaterally decide to let migrents in , shes in control of germany therefore the eu . 
  and if the eu had an army she would have marched on poland to make them open there borders . 
  but thankfully she still hasent got one , ofc she wants an army to `` stop russia '' . 
  what she wants it to put down dissent within and without the eu . 
  yes , even though you put it in quotation marks this is what i believe . 
  what ? 
  the eu is not a country . 
  its a mutual union of equal countrys . 
  why should population matter ? 
  shouldent every country in a trade organization have equal say ? 
  because there an independant nation state that joined an economic union . 
  you seem to be thinking of the eu as a country where population should matter , its not . 
  its a tradeing guild where every country should get equal representation . 
  it also allows larger countrys to bully smaller ones . 
  germany has already tried to do this to ireland . 
  in relation to the apple tax and to ireland tax hevan status, 
  my argument was that in a union , seats representing countrys should not be based on population , and that all countrys should have equal say . 
  so 1 for germany 1 for ireland 1 for everyone, 
  my point was that it shouldent be based on population . 
  that all countrys should have equal say . 
  sorry if i didnt clarify that, 
  my argument is that we shouldent be allocateing seats based on population . 
  it should be each country gets 1 vote or 6 or 20 as long as its even for all . 
  and the european commission is worse , i cant vote anyone out in that . 
  thats because you think it will be fair . 
  trust me germany wants power , even since the formation of prussia all germany has done is take power . 
  be it economical or territorial . 
  this trend shows no sign of stopping . 
  want to know how the formation of germany went down ? 
  the german states formed an economic union , eventually they were attacked by france in the franco-prussian war . 
  prussia won easily and then convinced all the states of germany to join a union . 
  then germany formed . 
  i know you may look at germany and say , why is that so bad ? 
  it worked for them . 
  the thing is the german states had the same culture language and a common foe . 
  without all those things , it wont be an equal union . 
  why is it nonsense ? 
  is it fair that ireland only gets 1.5 % of the seats european parliment ? 
  mayby you dont care because germany gets 10 % which is the highest ammount , but for a small country like ireland it matters a lot . 
  basically im not being represented , the irish people mean nothing in the eu . 
  and why should brussels care if 1.5 % of the vote says no . 
  im sure churchill is rolling in his grave , turns out the germans did win ww2 albeit 75 years later . 
  the last part implies bitterness over the uk leaveing the eu , and your flair is the eu flag, 
  rehabilitation dose n't work , the original idea of prison was `` keep them away from everyone else , fix them , put them back '' now its `` punishment '' . 
  the reason it changed is because they realised that you cant fix people , with our current technology and understanding of the human brain is still not good enough to fix crazy people . 
  all we can do is pacify them with drugs, 
  yes , the unelected nobility in brussles are alot better . 
  mayby for the uk its pick our nobles or pick your nobles , but ireland is an actual democracy with no nobility . 
  so i hope ireland leaves to get away from brussels . 
  also why do you have to push your pro eu agenda everytime ? 
  i havent looked at your history because thats for stalkers , but im guessing you do this alot, 
  blizz buff trumps handshake plz . 
  macron shaman is cancer, 
  i dont like it , i dont think sexuality is an identity and its also very cringy .
