  it must be nice being you . 
  anyone who disagrees you is either hitler or 12 . makes it easier to never reevaluate your world view . 
  and any comments they make can be called childish or evil, 
  im from dublin . 
  just because im not good at writing dosent mean im not from ireland . 
  also why would i lie about where im from idiot . 
  huur duur he is bad at spelling therefore not irish and is also an evil right winger who will make a camp and kill me and the rest of my enlightened friends . 
  you cant accept that other opinions beside your own are valid , and you think everyone is out to get you and kill you ... stalin , is that you ? 
  what . 
  why do you think im even right wing ? 
  i like welfare , i like free education , i like equality for all . 
  but because i dont want muslims i must be an evil right winger out to kill you . 
  also you still havent addressed antifa or black lives matter . 
  they are raiding and rioting . 
  and then you try to defend stalin and mao . 
  thats like me defending hitler , its madness . 
  do you admire them ? 
  do you agree with them ? 
  if the awnser is no then why defend monsters who killed so many . 
  also the genoside part is a complete joke . 
  anyone who thinks that should be put in jail , right or left . 
  also im pretty sure i have seen many left wing comments saying get rid of cis white males . 
  so its both left and right . 
  lets not pertend left wing extremists are better morally . 
  mao killed 80 mil and stalin 60mil . 
  and right wing extremeism is equally bad as you have pointed out . 
  the main reason left wing terrorists kill less is because there anarchists and badly organised, 
  anders breivik sounds like a lunatic , extremists that kill or injure other should be put in jail , right or left . 
  where is a recent eg of right wing riots ? 
  ... now where is a eg of communist riots ? 
  antifa, 
  still an huge ammount, 
  there not refugees . 
  there economic migrents looking to exploit europes welfare plan . 
  why do we have an obligation to protect other countrys citizens ? 
  a government has a responsibility to protect its own citizens , not foreigners who dont share our values , not foreigners who caused mass rapeings in cologne . 
  this is simply unbelieveable , when a government cant protect its own its not a government anymore . 
  but you want to chage them ? 
  how ? 
  they hate us , they think we are there greatest enemy . 
  what you have proposed is the equivilent of wishing on a star for everything to be alright . 
  the only realistic awnser is to stop them from entering europe . 
  as for the ones already here , either kick them out if they just arrived or let them stay if they have been here for some years . 
  unfortunatly most of it is fake news though . 
  its not that the public is getting worse , its that were not putting up with the bullshit the medias been telling us anymore . 
  `` migrents are highly educated and are fleeing war torn countrys '' eventually people realised that was not the case . 
  and we realised it too late , mass rapings and crime spikes and lets not forget cologne . 
  and to top it off the majority of them were economic migrents not refugees . 
  the media arent trying to lie most of the time . 
  its that they honestly believe there lies , they live in a elite bubble and are not in contact with the rest of the country . 
  they might be in bad neighbourhoods with migrent crime but deny it because they secretly feel bad for judgeing a group and not an individual . 
  its true that you should judge an individual but we dont live in a world where we can screen out the islamic terrorists or the economic migrents who rape people . 
  its bad to say but the situation is only going to get worse until we prevent future migrents from entering europe . 
  so what you meant was you cant debate any of his points and because of that you call him alt right and say that everything he said is invalid . 
  ironclad logic there . 
  you really have been brainwashed havent you . 
  it would be called secession , thats true . 
  however thats because its new territory , the north is the historical seat of power for the irish clanns . 
  yes , what i want is an trade league . 
  free movement of goods and people , with an focus on bolstering trade throughout the world . 
  not an german project for uniteing europe . 
  interesting . 
  have n't seen an american perspective on this . 
  i agree with your opinion , im fine with a trade league , but i dont want to federalize . 
  well first of all your correct , i am young . 
  however my dad is not racist , and i dont get any news from him . 
  im the only one in my family with this view . 
  and im not racist either . 
  im fine with a trade league , germany has shown its not . 
  its not a conspiracy theory . 
  they have said it themselves . 
  i would have more faith in the eu if they havent shown there weakness time and time again . 
  giving in to turkeys , russias , and americas will . 
  the senario i have shown is that germany wont hesitate to stop us if it means they can grow stronger . 
  and unlike you i wont attack your charater by calling you a young teen who has a racist father and is sheltered . 
  that was not called for , i made you angry and so you resorted to name calling . 
   guarantees are always a strong way to start an argument . 
  experts are always happy to give those on significant future events . 
  true , but thats what i believe will happen  we do not currently have any native control of our currency . 
  what is your stance on how the currency currently suits irish needs vs german ones ? 
  in what way do you expect germany to change the currency to suit their needs , and will these ways truly be unhelpful to the irish economy ? 
  im no expert on economics but the germans have been really pissy at us for being host to microsoft , facebook , apple , ect and i dont see that domineering attitude changeing . 
  how specificly will they try to attack our economy ? 
  im not sure , you can never guess specifics like that . 
   umm ... why ? 
  what has eurozone financial policy got to do with our international trade , exactly ? 
  now i might be wrong on this but as i recall the eu negotiates all international trade for member states . 
  when i say cut off im refering to tariffes . 
   well , stating that a eurozone with united fiscal policy would be unanimously recognised as an `` oppressive union '' is intellectually dishonest , so this question instantly goes out the window . 
  i have no desire for any country to join an oppressive union . 
  problem is we joined it when it was a trade league and it turned into a german unification project . 
   again , where is any of this coming from ? 
  why would the eu have any interest in changing how its borders function ? 
  why are we arguing based on the assumption that the eu 's prerogative immediately after theoretical federalisation would be to work to screw over ireland in every possible way ? 
  what keeps ireland in the union if it randomly decides to turn into a league of evil ? 
  well heres the thing , the eu has stated that it dosen ; t want to give a special deal to ireland even in relation to the north , thats where thats coming from . 
  why wouldent they want to screw ireland over ? 
  were rich and weak , nothing easier then to take our corporations and try to move them to berlin . 
  the eu army they keep trying to build would keep us in , as would the euro . 
  one of the functions of the euro is to trap any country inside the eu .
