in regards to 9/11 i wasent refering to the ones in america . 
  the majority of american muslims are good im sure . 
  ... there are different translations . 
  and there are multiple holy books that add to the quoran . 
  which is why im not religious . 
  yeah i would hate the ira and any who defended them . 
  most irish people pertend the ira were noble and that the ones north were different . 
  in truth they were the same but they lost . 
  the one i read said that people who pertend to believe in allah are evil and should be killed . 
  a lot of that book says people should be killed for x reason . 
  and that a mans vote is worts 2 or 3 times as much as a womans, 
  `` bu . . but not all muslims '' its the minority that dont hate the west . 
  the majority do . 
  and a minority of that majority actually suicide bomb . 
  its not a few bad apples . 
  its a diseased apple tree with a few good apples . 
  and normally i would agree with you . 
  dont judge the many by the few . 
  but then we have the cologne mass raping at christmas . 
  then we have muslims cheering in the streets after 9/11 there have been so many attackes and so much death that i cant even begine to mention them all . 
  its as if your defending stalin or hitler . 
  have you read the quoran ? 
  i read the first page . 
  it was so disgusting i couldent make it to the second . 
  really . 
  can you tell me when chinese people raped so many in cologne ? 
  can you tell me when they ran over people in trucks ? 
  can you tell me when they screamed god wills it and killed hundreds in a stadium ? 
  and yet you still want the peace trucks ? 
  and yet you still want people who want your freedoms gone . 
  i cant believe how brainwashed you are , how naive you are . 
  you still believe everyone will become just like you if givin a chance , how arrogent can you be ? 
  because it is arrogence and a believe your better than others that makes someone think they can change an entire culture . 
  and in the end your pride will destroy europe . 
  what is the purpose of government ? 
  is it to make the world a better place ? 
  a government is a buerocratic system designed to help its people become strong . 
  thats all . 
  its the social contract . 
  people provide wealth to the government , government provides security and maintance . 
  so everyone has a government that provides to its own . 
  now tell me why should we support citizens from another government that are so foreign they dont believe in either woman or gay rights . 
  and cheered at 9/11 . 
  and a fair fue of them want to do more than cheer . 
  they want to rape pillage and destroy `` crusader europe '' . 
  and so far they have raped they have pillaged and they are certainly trying to destroy . 
  now i know what your thinking `` such fear mongering . 
  im above this '' well fear is there for a reason . 
  so i will give another eg . 
  imagine if the united kingdom sent refugees to the middle east . 
  now imagine that the refugees started to form there own town and didnt follow the countrys laws . 
  now imagine they kept growing then your government takes more and more of them in . 
  what would you call that ? 
  i would call it a fucking colony . 
  thats exactly whats happening in europe right now . 
  literal cities are forming in paris and london . 
  sharia law controlled zones . 
  what the fuck . 
  literal sharia law zones . 
  is that acceptable to you ? 
  if so jesus christ . 
  how come refugees can come here displace the local population and then enforce there religious law . 
  then you want fucking more . 
  if it were up to me i would force relocate the sharia zones and disperse the people there and spread them out . 
  i would then stop getting refugees and take in real immigrents . 
  ones that dont explode . 
  have you heard of chinese law zones ? 
  have you heard of chinese suicide bombers ? 
  its not that immigration is bad . 
  its that were taking in terrorists who literally hate us so much they want to kill themselves to do it . 
  ill be honest most do . 
  i dont however , i believe in a democratic goverment . 
  i agree with you , dictators who are good can be helpful , but more often that not they are not . 
  were you there ? 
  how can you be so sure , especially when your government did everything in its power to surpress the information . 
  originally claiming it never happened . 
  an exaggeration . 
  however if you were to look at migrent rape in germany over the past 5 or so years it would be thosands . 
  of that im sure . 
  also you were doubting the correct number not the thosands in your earlier comment . 
  okay , and its not as if it was covered up or anything to stop it from looking bad . 
  also 600 gropings is disgusting . 
  and thats the best senario . 
  the worst is that it was a lot more rapings and they were called `` gropings '', 
  at least 497 alleged sex-related crime victims out of 1,216 alleged crime victims [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] at least 612 alleged sex-related crimes out of 1,912 alleged crimes :, 
  according to wiki the number is 500 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_year%27s_eve_sexual_assaults_in_germany but i get what your saying , there are a lot of different reports . 
  and a lot of different numbers . 
  mayby if germany didnt attempt to cover it up we would have more accurate information . 
  i dont have a facebook account . 
  i think the website is garbage . 
  also nice deflect , you didnt actually give a argument to what i said yet . 
  yeah . 
  but its the same for the right . 
  the only difference is that there trying to do something about it . 
  the left seems content to let this happen and are offering no solutions . 
  downvote if u will but atleast give an argument to go with it . 
  no we cant change them . 
  the current system trains criminals to be better criminals . 
  they left there country and people to join islamic terrorists who want us dead . 
  they should be lined up to a wall and shot for treason .
