what a disgusting lack of diversity, 
  if she 's worried about the future of her son i really do n't think setting herself on fire in a public space is going to help his psychological state . 
  can you imagine being him right now ? 
  pictures of your mum on tv being burned alive ? 
  he 's got to be fucking scared for life . 
  you have to be one crazy motherfucker to want to die like that , just awful, 
   reddit is the most far right-wing extremist social media website on the internet . 
  loooooool you ca n't be serious, 
  hipsters, 
  yeah it 's a shame . 
  greece is really missing out . 
  you must be devastated, 
  crimea is rightfully russian clay . 
  always has been for the most part . 
  deal with it, 
  long live israel, 
  i wonder if these femen protesters know that no one takes them seriously, 
  posting about black on white crime makes someone racist ? 
  good lord leftists who cry `` racism '' at everything are so cringeworthy, 
  swedish immigration policies at work, 
  that probably would n't end well for sweden, 
  because sweden is soft and russia knows it, 
  no it 's not a problem mate , we will just send them all to greece , problem solved . 
  everything is worked out . 
  have fun taking in 500,000 + economic migrants in a couple years , it 'll be just what you guys need . 
  and remember , saying no to just one will make you an evil racist bigot . 
  hahahahah , is that what i do ? 
  thanks for bio . 
  and as i said , over population of sub-sahara africa becomes the world problem . 
  everyday hundreads of migrants from failed african states cross the mediterranean in hopes to live off welfare states of europe . 
  it 's only going to get worse each passing year as sub-sahara africa 's population becomes more unsustainable . 
  but do n't worry , the eu should just pass laws mandating all those migrants from africa re-locate to greece and only greece . 
  you 'd love that would n't you , that would be like , so anti-racist it would make your cock explode . 
  lol / r/europe is a racist subreddit now ? 
  i 'm sure everything is racist according to your hyper-sensitive left wing definition of racism . 
  everything is so racist man !, 
  it must drive you crazy :-( . 
  but no matter how offended you want to be this is a legitimate concern . 
  the world is becoming overpopulated , everyone with a brain knows this . 
  sub-sahara africa in particular is exploding , these future population predictions are frightening , not because they are `` black '' like you want so hard to believe so it can fit your narrative of racism , but maybe it 's because sub-sahara africa is the most under-developed , unstable , poor area in the world . 
  these population predictions are unsustainable for that region , which will have negative repercussions for the entire world . 
  and lol at your interpretation of my comments , i would n't expect anything less, 
  but that entire scenario is completely ridiculous, 
  or nuclear war, 
  oh wow , i thought the purpose of the graph was to visualize the future growth of the continents , but thanks for looking right through that and telling us what it 's really about . 
  what would we do without people like you who are obsessed with perceived racism that broadcast it on everything ? 
  it sounds like you 're paranoid and see everything as racist, 
  and then europe will be africa, 
  and just imagine , all those africans are going to want to come to europe and live in welfare states . 
  europe is fucked, 
  have a feeling they will all end up in sweden soon, 
  europe, 
  we use to run shit, 
  i never would of guessed a leftist who disagrees with someone would label them a `` nazi '' . 
  you 're such a stereotype, 
  lol you post in / r/anarchism , nothing you say has any relevancy, 
  send them all to sweden please, 
  what color dress did you wear when you went to vote for fi ? 
  just look at his downvotes , it 's so ingrained into the minds of most people that sd is so evil and racist that even saying you support them on / r/europe , which is a fairly moderate forum , you get downvoted, 
  oh my goodness is that savannajeff in / r/europe calling someone racist ? 
  i ca n't believe my eyes !, 
  do n't hold back m8 . 
  you know you wa n't to call germany racist for criminalizing support for isis . 
  go for it , be you !, 
  i 'm sure you 'll find a way to say it 's racist . 
  probably because a white european country like germany is making it illegal to fund brown muslim terrorists like isis . 
  i 'm pretty sure his comment was in direct reference to you . 
  the number one `` daz racist '' liberal shill on / r/europe, 
  catalonia deserves to be independent and pave the way for their people 's own future . 
  they have their own unique culture and most importantly their own unique language that should be preserved . 
  good look brothers, 
  i 'm sure you 're f5ing this thread every minute waiting to see if someone speaks out against this policy so you can call them a racist, 
  silesia hopefully, 
  is that all you do in this subreddit ? 
  imply that everyone who does n't want massive 3rd world immigration into europe is a `` racist '' . 
  get out of here, 
  most europeans are pussies and would never stand up to muslims, 
  here 's a better idea , deport them back to africa, 
  always striking , not even elementary children are spared of its insanity, 
  strike a cord ? 
  crimea has been russian for like 4 months now . 
  i 'm not talking about swedish law specifically . 
  i 'm talking about freedom of speech in europe as a whole , and how it deteriorates every year, 
  because as an aussie you know way more about freedom of speech in europe than an actual european . 
  daz racist !, 
  what makes you think sweden will still be a great developed first world nation if you keep taking in over 100,000 asylum seekers from third world countries for the next 2 decades ? 
  there 's no guarantee that a country 's standard of living goes up over time . 
  it is very easy to go backwards . 
  lebanese and syrians are completely the same people , just under a different country . 
  aka no assimilating difficulites at all . 
  there is a major culture differences between africans/arabs and swedes, 
  wow you sound like a giant pussy, 
  are you blind mate ? 
  these days leftists are just and if not more violent as these so called `` fascists '' also since they almost always outnumber them , it encourages them to be more violent and brazen . 
  people always act more brave then they really are when they have numbers on their side, 
  lol / r/europe, 
  russia is already incredibly brutal toward chechen muslims , i 'd wager they 'd act the same way towards supporters of isis, 
  cause anybody who would dare question europe 's self detrimental immigration policies and people supporting isis in the uk must be racist . 
  you leftists abuse the shit out of that buzzword like it 's your job, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_by_birth_rate sub sahara africa 's population is exploding , just look at those birth rates .
