  what emerged was a fragile , unstable state incapable of defending itself or reaching its potential . 
  it did not become a world power until it overcame its demons through civil war and instituted a strong centralized government . 
  with this growth came corruption . 
  it would sometimes go too far : robber barons and corrupt politicians created massive wage slavery that fomented worker reforms . 
  a balance was found . 
  `` you guys can do a but not b , and only if you allow us to have y and z '' . 
  croatia is well-positioned for meaningful reform . 
  primarily because you have a very good education system and you have a meaningful resource for foreign investment . 
  that is : you have a beautiful , modern country populated with smart workers that has plenty of room to grow . 
  but like your fellow ex-yugos , you have a deeply corrupt oligarchy that enjoys a comfortable relationship with organized crime . 
  and because your current industrial and service sectors are weak , government work becomes the # 1 goal for those seeking a middle class life . 
  that 's a recipe for continued corruption . 
  break it . 
  the information age is creating disruptive technologies . 
  learn them and use them . 
  make government fearful of the free press . 
  make entrenched oligarchs fearful of upstart technologies . 
  do n't meet these corrupt fuckers head-on : march right around them . 
  in doing so , meaningful legal reforms will follow . 
  judges will stop fearing the government and start dispensing justice . 
  civic institutions will start becoming responsive to the regular working people . 
  it wo n't be perfect . 
  it never is . 
  you can only make it better . 
  i 've visited twice and read several books about croatian history , so i could say an awful lot , but i 'd rather just list my favorite things about croatia : - varied landscapes in one smallish country . 
  you can go from the rolling fields of slavonia to the forests of plitvica to the karst of the dinaric alps to the most beautiful coastal drive in the world . 
  - the weird mix of outside cultural influences ( italian , hungarian , turkish , austrian , slavic ) while still maintaining a stubborn single ethnic identity . 
  it 's bewildering and wonderful at the same time . 
  - the tension between the old and the new . 
  there 's still a strong tito-ist element among older folks , contrasted with the revolutionary fury of the middle-aged folks who endured the recent war , contrasted with the young people who did everything right ( got educated and sophisticated ) but ca n't catch a break . 
  it 's not really a good mix , but it makes the place interesting . 
  i think croatia has enormous potential yet to be unleashed . 
  i hope the young people stick it out . 
  - their tolerance for change . 
  tossing off belgrade was a bold move and forced croatia to embrace the outside world . 
  croatia is no longer a dreary and isolated yugoslavian republic . 
  croats are pretty open-minded and modern . 
  ( not all of them , but on the whole ... ) i wish more young croats would stay and build up their country . 
  it 's a big ask sometimes with all the corruption and struggle to move into ( or stay in ) the middle class . 
  a lot of them do n't see the potential , only the problems . 
  i 'm not a croat so i do n't know their daily worries , but i really like their country and i wish they would stay and do something about it rather than screw off to germany or austria . 
  polish immigration in the early 20th century was centered in the nyc area and chicago . 
  ( there 's a [ well-known comedy bit from saturday night live ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbnnon_izom ) that satirizes the culture of polish men in chicago . 
  they love american football , cured meats , and beer . 
  they are fat , blue-collar guys . 
  it 's a big generalization , but as a descendant of polish immigrants who grew up in a largely polish immigrant neighborhood , it 's pretty damn accurate ) . 
  polish immigration tapered off in the 1970 's . 
  [ here 's a cool chart that shows the changes in us immigrations across the decades . 
  ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/programs/data-hub/charts/largest-immigrant-groups-over-time ) most poles emigrate to the eu and uk nowadays . 
   but yes greece is in the balkans but no it does n't belong to the eastern european culture . 
  i think what this fellow is trying to say is that greeks do not have the same ethnic identity as slavs ( `` eastern europeans '' ) . 
  ethnicity is the collective identity with your ancestors and greeks identify themselves as direct descendants of the ancient greek peoples while slavs identify as the descendants of the 5th-7th century displacement of balkan illyrian tribes by the great slavic migration . 
  so , greeks are located in the balkan peninsula but are not slavs and thus consider themselves markedly different from the slavic balkan nationalities . 
  it has little to do with communism , fascism , or other transient national movements . 
  it has to do with language and ethnic identity ( the bulk of what we call `` culture '' ) . 
  i 've been a fan since i saw him in nicolas winding refn 's `` pusher '' ( 1996 ) . 
  he played tonny , an amazingly stupid idiot who was the best pal of the drug dealer hero of the movie , frank . 
  tonny was bald and had the word `` respect '' tattooed on the back of his neck . 
  i thought mads played him really well . 
  it may seem easy to portray a dumbass wanna-be danish gangsta , but mads made him memorable . 
  his character starred in `` pusher ii : with blood on my hands '' . 
  we got to see another side of tonny , and mads made me feel sympathetic for the poor dumbass . 
  if you get the chance , watch all three of the original pusher films . 
  they were really good . 
  my grandfather ( a polish jew ) was an ellis island immigrant . 
  like the vast majority of immigrants , he was n't dressed in ethnic finery and he was dead broke . 
  he married a catholic woman in new york ( scandalous for 1912 ! ), 
  and they had my father . 
  our family ended up catholic with a jewish last name , which was weird and still is sometimes . 
  folks think i 'm jewish . 
  i 'm not . 
  i know nothing of judaism or jewish culture . 
  that 's how it goes in america : we 're a big dumb mix of cultures and histories . 
  grandpa died long before i was born . 
  grandma went mad in the early 1960 's and was put in the looney bin for the rest of her life . 
  she died in 1972 . 
  the legacy of ellis island is still apparent in the nyc area . 
  it 's getting watered down with every generation , but you can still visit ethnic neighborhoods ( especially polish , greek , and russian ) . 
  one of the houses i lived in was at the corner of pulawski ave and grochowiak st. we celebrated polish national hero day in school . 
  it was created to salute general tadeusz ko\u015bciuszko , a pole who came to america to lead battles in the revolutionary war . 
  i doubt they still do that nowadays . 
  i think you mean the mona lisa-ann by lenny david . 
  he was a proud american and the greatest artist ever in the history of art things . 
  from an american who knows europe pretty well and has read plenty of books on the subject ( including reid 's `` united states of europe '' , which has its flaws ) : 1 ) * the eu must accelerate its political union . 
  * unlike the usa ( and yugoslavia , indonesia , ussr and other federalized republics ) , the eu was born from an economic union , and only tentatively added aspects of political union after the fact . 
  that is her weakness . 
  truly united federations are united politically to begin with ; economic rules are then sorted out and made flexible ( or not ) later . 
  the political union is made of steel , the economic union is made of rubber . 
  the eu has that switched around . 
  imho , this is the root of the eu 's troubles . 
  economic pacts are transitory and suffer under the crashing waves of boom and bust . 
  political pacts are far stronger and endure even civil war in some cases . 
  the eu members need to de-emphasize the economic details of the union and begin an in-depth soul-searching to create a true political union . 
  this means a common rule of law with tiny bits of regional autonomy , all under the over-arching gaze of the central judiciary . 
  it means a single military force . 
  that one is non-negotiable . 
  it means pooling resources and enduring weakness . 
  i live in a `` rich '' state that pays far more taxes than it consumes , so `` poor '' states can get by . 
  i do n't snivel about it . 
  we are all americans , and that overrides regional snobbery .
