  yeah , no . 
  obama inherited a dumpster fire of an economy and two flagging , unsustainable wars in the middle east . 
  pile on a 100 % hostile congress that reflexively attacked every thing he said and did , along with a republican base that portrayed him as a muslim terrorist sympathizer with a bone through his nose . 
  america was n't going to leap into peace and prosperity anytime soon . 
  but he managed to right the ship . 
  it 's a big ship and it moves slowly . 
  wages stagnated , the deficit slowed just a bit , and forward momentum was hard to see . 
  but at least we did n't sink to the bottom of the ocean . 
  that 's where we were heading . 
  and congress was cheering it along . 
  obama 's success is n't massive gdp growth and booming wages . 
  obama 's success is the fact there was still a viable society capable of electing the cheeto benito 8 years after near-destruction . 
  oh : and it was nice to have a president who could speak with eloquence and state a policy plank with intellectual rigor . 
  been there !, 
  love the place !, 
  there 's one thing about the place not many folks know : during the prague spring of 1968 ( when czechs rebelled against soviet control ) , the us intelligence agencies failed to read the disposition of the party in moscow . 
  there was a sizable group of upper party members who felt czechoslovakia should be `` free to leave '' . 
  they were expecting the us to intervene in the czechs ' behalf , in some way . 
  and if the us did intervene , those soviets were prepared to call off the occupation and walk away from czechoslovakia . 
  but the us , lacking good intelligence and fearful of ww3 , did nothing . 
  as a result , the czechs remained stuck under the soviet cloud for 30 more years . 
  also : american travel writer rick steves was 100 % right about cesky krumlov . 
  it 's a ridiculously beautiful place full of charm and photographic opportunities . 
  i stayed 3 days and really enjoyed it . 
  here 's my friend 's story : her family were bosnian serbs living in sarajevo . 
  during the siege , her father maintained his sarajevan identity and refused to join the bosnian serbs attacking the city . 
  their apartment building was shelled several times . 
  she had applied for university in the usa and got the call : she had been approved . 
  she said her goodbyes and got to the un-occupied airport . 
  in america she met a nice man and got married . 
  they live near my neighborhood . 
  her family got through the war ok , but she 's only been back a few times . 
  she 's very happy here . 
  she taught her daughter bosnian . 
  it 's kinda cute to see them talking away in bosnian ( their `` secret '' language ) while dad just shakes his head . 
  it 's cute . 
  just curious : among the chatterers , are they professionals considering moving to a major us city for a better salary ? 
  or is it more of a lifestyle change thing ? 
  that 's true but i assumed the graphic referred to the `` current generation '' because it says `` foreign country with the largest number of residents * born * in the given country '' . 
  so i guessed that meant `` residents who were born in '' which means `` still alive '' or `` in the current generation '' . 
  the graphic could mean `` throughout the last few centuries '' , which would make sense . 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  i 've always looked upon st. peter 's basilica as the western response to the loss of constantinople . 
  it 's like the catholic church was telling the ottomans `` yeah , nice job re-decorating st. sophia . 
  whooops !, 
  what 's this ? 
  a gigantic basilica that dwarfs yours ? 
  filled with soaring sculpture and artworks from the finest masters ? 
  well , what do ya know ? 
  why do n't you guys send some emissaries to come for a visit . 
  then you can head back home to your cute little mosque . 
  i 'm surprised by the german emigration to us . 
  of all the european nations , it seems to me the brits are the most common immigrants . 
  of the people i know in town , it looks like this : - 4 british - 1 irish - 1 bosnian - 1 romanian - 1 albanian but no germans . 
  this is all anecdotal , of course . 
  i would guess german immigrants are heading to big cities . 
  croatia surprises me . 
  i 've been throughout italy and croatia and it seems italy is brimming with police ( esp carabinieri ) while croatia seems to have very little visible police presence . 
  none of this explains montenegro . 
  they expecting trouble ? 
  in goethe 's defense , the steckerlfisch was disgusting that day . 
  never really been there . 
  just a stopover at the airport . 
  but ... - founded by vikings and the icelandic language is the closest to old norse . 
  - lots of geothermal power and heating . 
  - big landscapes . 
  with ice . 
  - bjork , sigur ros , emiliana torrini , and gusgus . 
  - actually punished their worst bankers after the 2008 global fraud . 
  - has a big us naval air station . 
  - not many trees . 
  the first thing i thought of was `` i hope there 's a some reference to denmark about the ` pusher ' movie '' . 
  and bam !, 
  made my day . 
  it 's a great film and the [ tired-eyed serbian drug trafficker milo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pwqfwab.jpg ) is one of my favorite movie characters of all time . 
  fact : `` and so the lord went forth unto illyria and stayed among the romans ; there he planted an olive tree and called out to the people , ` see and hear , ye of illyria ; god your father has called upon you to bring to the land sustenance and joy , for therein ye shall find comfort , and in time ye shall reap much karma from those who reddit and they shall rejoice . ' '', 
  acts 4:20, 
  normally i 'd agree . 
  but when it comes to velour tracksuits i believe it 's time for society to take action . 
   without your nation 's help , my country likely would not even exist . 
  do n't remind them . 
  it only makes them sad . 
   we have little idea on where to even start , how do you fight corruption when it 's ingrained in the marrow of your country ? 
  well said in there . 
  to answer you question : you reset the acceptable amount of corruption . 
  every organization has corruption . 
  every . 
  single . 
  one . 
  from the local gardening club to the united nations and every organization in between . 
  so you should never campaign to `` end corruption '' . 
  instead , you need to implement reforms that * reduce corruption to a level the people are willing to accept * . 
  this is really important . 
  no individual person likes corruption . 
  ask anyone and they will tell you they are not corrupt and they will only accept 0 % corruption in organizations that represent them . 
  this , as you know , is n't true . 
  the struggle to limit corruption to an acceptable level is the story of history . 
  rise , fall , revolution , reform . 
  successes and failures . 
  the united states was created to escape monarchical corruption .
