  how 'd you like an american refugee ? 
  if they liquidate all the homosexuals who is going to going to do the interior design ? 
  it will become a nation of wobbly end tables and paisley wallpaper . 
  total disaster . 
  this was a wise move . 
  once mohammed bin zayed bin sultan al nahyan got a glimpse of that lovely european schwantz , he would likely be overcome by years of repressed desires and try to engage the entire welcoming committee in unnatural oral acts . 
  the italian pm wisely avoided this outcome and spared everyone a great deal of awkwardness . 
  as an american who gets tired of hearing how `` young '' my country is , i would like to say `` happy 24th birthday , croatia ! '', 
  sincerely , your 239-year-old favorite uncle , america . 
  worth noting : the farther west you go , the fewer british names you 'll find . 
  this is because post-revolutionary america was n't too thrilled about adding more british namesakes . 
  check out [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/locations_in_the_united_states_with_an_english_name ) . 
   what the us wo n't have , though , is another country that is going to be willing to look after their interests within the eu legislature and governance to the extent that uk has been , and that to my mind is a good thing . 
  this is true . 
  i think i understand what you were getting at now . 
  our `` english bulldog '' will no longer be barking on our behalf . 
  american here . 
  i think the opposite may actually happen . 
  we americans ( and especially our american multi-national conglomerates ) are extremely pragmatic . 
  when it comes to foreign investment and profitable trade agreements , we are more likely to invest in the bigger market ( the eu ) than the smaller , less stable one ( the uk ) . 
  our politicians will keep mouthing `` special relationship '' but our commerce department and corporations will quietly divest from the uk and move operations to ireland and continental europe . 
  this is especially true of the smaller firms . 
  not everyone can afford to build joint ventures in multiple markets . 
  for a lot of companies , their investment capital limits their presence . 
  and if the choice comes between 440m europeans or 64m brits , the math is quite simple . 
  in the coming years you will see a warming relationship between the us and the eu and a somewhat more halting relationship with the uk . 
  history , language , and tradition are tremendous motivators , but if comes down to $ $ $ , americans can be very fickle indeed . 
  i remember sailing the danube ocean . 
  enormous swells battered against our river boat and we felt rather helpless , having seen no sign of land in any direction for 6 days . 
  as the storm subsided , a man in the crow 's nest called out `` land ho ! '', 
  and we all ran to the starboard rail . 
  it was with cheers and caps tossed in the air that we greeted the unmistakable sight of the parliament building of budapest . 
  what a relief !, 
  but none shall forget those desperate days on the danube , when our lives were held with precarious indifference by the mighty waves . 
  whether it be the mercy of poseidon i can not say , but the prayers of our women clutching their scarves on that distant shore surely swayed providence to intervene on our behalf . 
  oh , and the goulash at the ritz-carlton was pretty good !, 
  come on , guys !, 
  let 's make it a clean sweep !, 
  portugal should invade liberia , france can handle thailand , russia has always had problems with japan so ... there you go , and the uk can `` pacify '' the koreas with america 's blessing . 
  there . 
  no more stragglers !, 
  fact . 
  here 's the top 5 : - colosseum and forum in rome . 
  - hiking tour of cinque terra . 
  - visiting the off-brand pikachu children 's ride . 
  - wine tour in chianti . 
  - museum tour of florence . 
  fact . 
  there 's more to this than the eu parliament defending its political interests . 
  seems to me they are trying to delineate the trade relations quickly to mollify the concerns of foreign investors . 
  japanese , american , chinese , and other foreign multi-nationals are not going to sit around and watch all the balls juggling the air forever . 
  they are going to want some direction and some certainty . 
  despite the accusations that the eu is a socialist monster , they are , as ever , primarily concerned with the free flow of capital . 
  this is barbaric . 
  why do n't they catch-and-release ? 
  i read our state department travel warnings quite a bit . 
  they 're usually pretty good about balancing real concerns against overblown rumors . 
  when they issue a warning it 's not based on some secret intel from the cia ; it 's backed up by multiple sources . 
  i 've been preparing itineraries for a big trip in turkey but i 've scrapped my plans for now . 
  it is n't just the elevated terrorist threat ; it 's the instability of the erdogan regime . 
  i do n't want to be stuck in cappadocia should a national uprising occur against the government . 
  it reads like a lame break-up letter . 
  `` i still love you ; i 'm just not * in love * with you . '', 
  `` it 's not you , it 's me . 
  really . '', 
  `` i wish you the best and i hope we can still be friends . '', 
  next , the eu should do what what every spurned lover does : block them on social media , delete them from their contacts , and head down to the pub so you and your buddies can drunkenly discuss how much better you 'll be without them in your life . 
  i hope this shows up on one of those american pawn shop reality shows . 
  `` hmm . 
  a giant queen elizabeth million dollar coin , huh ? 
  hey jimmy !, 
  we got any giant gold coins in the back ? 
  yeah ? 
  ok , sir . 
  i already have like ten of those things in the back . 
  the best i can do is $ 600 . 
  but i tell you what : you throw in the plastic stand and i 'll make it $ 610 . 
  deal ? '', 
  off the top of my head : - island nation near sicily . 
  - maltese is a weird language that only maltese people speak . 
  - was a stubborn christian stronghold against muslim ( ? ), 
  invasion forces in the middle ages . 
  - the island 's defenders were the famous knights of malta . 
  they exist to this day , and have an official building near the roman forum in rome . 
  - some american douchebag got into a stupid road rage argument in malta that made the rounds on youtube etc , a few years ago . 
  the maltese were surprisingly forgiving about the douchebag . 
  i think he needed a swift kick in the ass , but that 's just me . 
  we 're # 8 !, 
  we 're # 8 !, 
  fortunately , despite our reputation for exporting shit ( mcdonalds , starbucks , unnecessary wars , etc ) our biggest exports are pretty good stuff . 
  our precision machinery and heavy machinery are all top-notch stuff . 
  boeing makes damn good jets . 
  and while our automobiles may not be as reliable as the japanese or as refined as the germans , the world likes to buy 'em because they run ok and sell cheap . 
  our optical technology is also top of the heap , and we knock out amazing new pharmaceuticals every year . 
  costly , but effective . 
  and then there 's our porn . 
  it 's hit and miss if i 'm being honest , but we make up for the iffy quality with massive quantity . 
  or should i say ... quantitty ? 
  `` bulgarian president rumen radev later responded by saying his country would not accept democracy lessons from turkey . '', 
  and that 's all he really has to say .
