  have you prepared buk missile for shoot civilian airplane ? '', 
  we , the evil and feared russian separtatists located in donetsk region of sovereign russki-occupied ukraine are prepared for this important mission ! '', 
  `` good !, 
  for to make glory of russian empire , dutch tourists must know might of powerful people 's movement ! '', 
  `` yes they will know indeed !, 
  truth !, 
  we can then shift blame to kiev fascists as planned earlier in special moscow meeting , yes ? 
  `` yes !, 
  blame shift will commence upon completion of buk missile shooting . '', 
  `` hooray for donbass-crimea alliance for independence ! '', 
  `` yes !, 
  hooray ! '', 
  { end of transmission } there you have it , folks . 
  scienterrific factual truth !, 
  love , the cia, 
  seems to me that these scumbags will kidnap any western-looking person . 
  once they learn where they are from they can create whatever bullshit link they want to brand that person 's homeland an `` enemy of islam '' . 
  does n't matter if the person is canadian , finnish , portuguese , croatian , or liechtensteinian . 
  they will construct some crap that makes the kidnapping and eventual execution `` fair game '' under their demented and ever-shifting religious beliefs . 
   that dag hammarskj\u00f6ld 's , one of the most loved swedes and former secretary-general of the un , also the reason why sweden is liked in most of africa , plane was shot down by the cia in congo . 
  the us government then tried to cover up the murder by naming a bunch of public schools after dag hammarskj\u00f6ld . 
  after all , why would we name a middle in school in east brunswick nj after dag hammarskj\u00f6ld if we actually killed him ? 
  right ? 
  or maybe someone else killed him and they 're trying to frame the cia by decrying the school names as a blatant mis-direction scheme ? 
  oh my god it all gets so complicated ... 
  worth noting : the merkin flag 's 13 stripes are always red on top and red on bottom . 
  not white . 
  red . 
  this is because we wanted to hide stains that might appear on those outer edges . 
  no one wants a national flag that looks all sooty and beat up . 
  we may have a nation full of grimy pickup trucks with mcdonald 's bags all over the floor , but by gawd the flag looks pretty !, 
  listen , fellas : we 're about to have a serious fire sale on f/a -18 's . 
  ya see , the brass wants the new f-35 's , even though they kinda suck . 
  so get your orders in now before all the good stock and parts are snagged by the saudis !, 
  just call 1-888-kabloom . 
  the hobby winkel ? 
  please god , not the hobby winkel !!, 
  it 's on the list !, 
  i call it `` ballin ' in the baltics '' !, 
  i realize london is n't all belgravia . 
  before the 1980 's , the city had its `` monumental '' center , which extended outward , then slowed into a deep expanse of residential neighborhoods with their own high streets and office buildings . 
  some richer , some poorer , but all on a human scale . 
  the erection of all those postwar council estates did n't make things prettier , but they were nowhere near as disruptive as the ad-hoc skyscraper and condo-monstrosities that flew up in all quarters , seemingly randomly , with no cohesive sense of design that i can discern . 
  i understand that moneyed developers and city politicians agreed this was a good idea . 
  build ultra-expensive luxury towers wherever in whatever design , and rich fuckers will buy them so they can live above the common scum of london , and the city coffers will reap enormous rewards of property tax revenue . 
  this , after all , is the situation that built america . 
  but in london , it was applied utterly randomly . 
  enthralled by the modernists and brutalists , the sky was the limit . 
  `` hey !, 
  i got an idea for a 68-storey abortion that looks like an anal prolapse ! '', 
  `` build it !!! '', 
  in whose fevered mind is [ this image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eyrpson.jpg ) a beautiful cityscape worthy of a noble , storied national capital ? 
  it looks like a bunch of disparate ego projects that even moscow would pass on . 
  most european capitals had the good sense to keep the skyscrapers and corporate ego projects away from their historic center . 
  these were costly decisions . 
  they made work commutes complicated and caused central district housing costs to go up . 
  but they did it because their capital cities were worth preserving . 
  london , i 'm afraid , was too eager to adopt the american model . 
  `` shut up and let me build this right here or else ! '', 
  not cool . 
  never been . 
  but blackpool has always struck me as equivalent of wildwood or seaside heights in nj . 
  a place where families come to entertain the kids , get a sunburn on the beach , eat ice cream , take amusement rides , and mix with teenage troublemakers like oil and water . 
  btdt . 
  of these places i 've only been to milton keynes and luton . 
  they were awful . 
  but i read the question as inferring `` major city '' . 
  if we are to rate every podunk shithole in europe and the uk , we 'd be at this for a very long time . 
  the thames is nice to view from the city , but when viewed from the thames itself , the riverside city is n't very thrilling . 
  it 's about as beautiful as gliding by southampton from the itchen . 
  ok , that was overkill , but i hope you get my point . 
  london 's riverfront is an uninspiring hodge-podge of weird-looking condominium blocks . 
  the historic bits look nice , but a ride down the thames is a far cry from a ride down the seine or the danube . 
  never been to portugal but it is on my list . 
  my favorite major european city is vienna . 
  and someone here named it the worst . 
  so there you go . 
  i thought everyone wanted the bombs to rain down on slough ? 
  ( `` come , friendly bombs , and fall on slough ! '' ), 
  no matter . 
  i was being hyperbolic . 
  i would n't wish harm on london . 
  it 's just my least favorite major european city . 
  about blackpool : i 'm from nj . 
  you ca n't fool me with tacky oceanside come-ons !, 
  that photo is exactly what i was talking about . 
  that looks like the bank of england area . 
  all these streets meeting at that point are presided over by wonderful buildings , some newer , some older , but all with quirky yet stately facades , built on human scale , and carefully crafted to fit into the crazy streetscape . 
  towering over them are giant cartoon characters - the gherkin , the pinnacle , etc. 
  it 's like trying to admire a renowned actress only to discover she has a huge tramp stamp and belly tattoo of my little pony . 
  i 'm not saying no city should have glass and steel skyscrapers . 
  i 'm just saying there should be some level of civic design considered . 
  nyc gets away with hodge-podge super-structures because it has become a veritable forest of them . 
  they are the norm . 
  london is n't like that . 
  it has its own history and its own reputation for stately and reserved design and living . 
  i understand london wants to get `` new '' and `` hip '' and not sit mired in 18th century stasis . 
  but it could have been done smarter . 
  this is one of the few points on which i agree wholly with prince charles . 
  well , i also ignored bradford .
