  - montenegrins laid siege to dubrovnik during the war in croatia , which earned them some bad press . 
  - capital is podgorica . 
  - the butterfly-shaped bay of kotor is a beautiful tourist spot . 
  - montenegrin men are capable of growing very impressive mustaches . 
  - is not called `` little monty '' by anyone . 
  while it 's true that modern english is about 1/3 germanic , 1/3 french ( norman ) , and 1/3 latin ( with a smattering of norse and global loan-words ) , the germanic influence is fundamental and pervasive . 
  most of the fundamental descriptions on everyday life use germanic words . 
  `` my wife called and told me to get some bread . '', 
  it interesting : the more sophisticated your conversation becomes , the more french and latin is used . 
  that 's how english society evolved and the words are like tree rings showing its growth . 
  this looks great , but it would cause an insurmountable problem : when you went to watch a hollywood movie in benelux it would have subtitles in dutch , flemish , walloon , luxembourgish , and german . 
  there would be so many subtitles you could n't see anything else on the screen . 
  as a washingtonian , i welcome our new german overlords . 
  however , there may be some problems adapting to the new cuisine . 
  sausages and schnitzel have been losing ground to veggie burritos and kale salad . 
  it will take some work , but i think in the end we will somehow adjust . 
  as a jerseyite , i can only say ... things could be worse , nederland . 
  having seen plenty of pop-collared douchebags in amsterdam , your overall douchebag density wo n't change at all . 
  however : things change a lot in the rural areas . 
  your grandmother who lives in sint maartensbrug ? 
  she will no longer greet you cheerfully with peperkoek and tea . 
  instead , as soon you get inside the door she will yell , `` oh !, 
  so you finally come visit your poor grandmother , eh ? 
  mister fucking special finally has time for his dying grandma , right ? 
  well , you 're here now . 
  i spose you want some cawfee ? 
  i 'll make a pot . 
  and tell your father he can cawl once in a while . 
  whatsammater wit him anyways ? 
  he always was a selfish asshole . 
  even when he was little !, 
  what can ya do ? '', 
  they grew there . 
  just bury a 9mm handgun , water it , and wait . 
  they did a good job with this [ aerial view of kaunas . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/zhduwpu ) must have cost them some serious money !, 
  well , then . 
  i 'm sure she 'll be ok with england sailing to calais and reclaiming most of hauts-de-france for her majesty , queen elizabeth ii . 
  after all , it never was really french . 
  the english have laid claim to it as a necessary asset for their fleet since , well ... ever . 
  so there you go !, 
  cough up hauts-de-france with immediate effect and stfu about it . 
  let them eat mccake !, 
  but seriously : my only problem with this story is the vatican 's failure to do the right thing at the outset . 
  if st. peter 's needed a nice restaurant for the tourists , leasing space to mcd was a weak decision . 
  a lazy decision . 
  the vatican should have had a little `` conclave '' and figured out a sustainable solution in-house . 
  building and managing a restaurant is n't very hard , especially when you have millions and millions of captive customers . 
  they could have built it themselves and run it as non-profit with all excess revenue ( and leftover food ) going directly to the poor of rome . 
  this is n't rocket surgery . 
  this is christian charity at its best . 
  and besides : they could invest in better food choices . 
  like cupcakes with butter frosting pope hats on them . 
  or a salami sandwich called the `` bernini panini '' . 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  it could have been fun and congruous with the facility itself . 
  instead , we get ... mcdonald 's . 
  the vatican can do better . 
  she did n't see this coming , did she ? 
  saddle up , boys !, 
  we 're all heading to yurp !, 
  they gots the welfare checks and free health care !, 
  there 's plenty of jobs selling those cheap flying led toys at tourist spots !, 
  wooo-hoooo !, 
  lots of talk here about the us abandoning eastern europe , should have nuked moscow , etc. 
  the expansion of the soviet sphere of influence was part of the agreement ( or set of agreements ) that began even before the yalta conference . 
  it sounds cruel and unheroic , but the us and uk made a calculated decision to give stalin his `` breathing room '' in exchange for all the soviet blood expended to stop hitler . 
  as written , yalta expected democratic governments be maintained in eastern europe , but no one on any side actually expected stalin to abide by that . 
  it was window dressing to make the agreement palatable to the folks back home . 
  it is tragic that eastern european people were left to the mercy ( or lack thereof ) of the soviet union , but these were desperate times and sometimes concessions - awful concessions - have to be made . 
  where the usa really screwed up was their intelligence agencies failing to understand soviet politics . 
  plenty of american journalists picked up on the cues , but the us government did n't . 
  the soviet machine could have begun meaningful reform as early as 1957 , but eisenhower did n't pick up on krushchev 's signals . 
  instead we endured brezhnev and 30 more years of misery . 
  there should be some kind of compromise . 
  when a cow bell or church bell is struck , they should follow it up with the opening chords of ac/dc 's `` hell 's bells '' . 
  then everything will be ok . 
  geez , fellas . 
  give the old lady a break . 
  she 's like everyone 's well-meaning grandmother . 
  she shared some nice sentiments and did n't yell at the kids for tracking mud into the house . 
  it 's christmas . 
  my grandparents and my mother are dead . 
  it was nice to hear kind words from an elderly matron , even if she is monarch of a foreign nation and utterly unrelated to me . 
  kind people sharing kind words should be celebrated , particularly in this era of trumps , erdogans , and farages . 
  at apple , our motto is `` think different '' . 
  that 's why we want national governments to `` think different '' when it comes to our tax burden . 
  after all , our cash reserves have recently dwindled to a mere $ 231b . 
  times are tough and we all need to `` think different '' in order to get our terrific products into the hands of our loyal customers . 
  sincerely , apple executives doing backstrokes in swimming pools of money, 
  i 've visited croatia twice and dropped at least $ 8,000 usd into the economy there . 
  what did you guys do with all that money ? 
  if i come back and spend another $ 4,000 will you guys do something good with it , like open a new brewery ( `` splitsko '' ? ), 
  or start a new serious sam franchise ? 
  what gets me is the inescapable logic that while waking up to 72 virgins may seem great ( not for me - who wants virgins ? 
  ) , it does n't really make sense when you factor in the eternal afterlife . 
  i mean , after 490,000 years i think i 'd be pretty sick of these 72 women . 
  but you only get those 72 . 
  period . 
  so now you have to spend the rest of your time in eternity down at the local heaven pub complaining about them to your drinking pals .
